Wei Hsu is the best CSCI professor ever! He should teach EVERY CSCI course because he knows how to explain things rather than just talk above people! He is really helpful outside of class too! Lots of extra credit opportunities!
Great professor, I recieved an A- in his class and i am a C student, easy tests, just run out of time. would definately take a class from again
Wei was the most enthusiastic of all my teachers so far, and it really made his class enjoyable. He was also extremely sharp. His class was challenging, but it was also one of the most rewarding learning experiences I've had yet at the U.
I was an online student in Prof. Carlis' CSCI5707 Principles of Data Modeling. I consistently felt as though I was failing because grading was tough, although I powered through reading and lectures. Dr. Carlis periodically reached out to me personally by phone and email to ensure that I was engaged. Incredibly caring professor.
He is a great professor and his book is well-written. He is clear to explain the problem and cares his students.
Really good Prof! He knows the subject very well. Also makes you think of new and original ways to solve problems, not just the same old way. Overall the class is fun. I wouldn't take it with any other prof!
He is truely awesome!
Carlis is awsome. I wish I could have had him for more than just an introduction class.
John died a few years ago, but I saw his name here and just had to add a note... He was my favorite professor in college, I learned a ton from him (and peers) working on chipmark, and he even helped me improve my juggling skills!!! John was a terrific guy.
Riedl was an excellent teacher. He used relevant examples to help bring life to the class. I would recommend him to anyone.
Honestly, he's the best prof I've had yet. Down to earth, very approachable. I would take another of his courses in a heartbeat.
No Comments
He is an excellent teacher who makes his best efforts to make students learn. An extremely devoted and dedicated person to student understanding. His quizzes might seem a little hard but once you get a hang of it they seem pretty clear.
Although I'm not a fan of computer programming, Professor Swanson made my C++ class as fun and interesting as it possibly could have been! He's friendly, REALLY knows his stuff, and presents things very clearly. He has a gift for making assignments that illuminate the topic being taught, and his tests are very clear and fair. A top-notch professor.
If you have no experience in programming whatsoever (like me), DONT WORRY, as long as you have this professor, you'll be just fine. He makes learning very easy and fun. dont ever miss class because you could easily miss a topic and its hard to learn it on your own. go to labs, thats where you'll learn the most since your putting into practice.
Great teacher, perfect examples, knows exactly what he's talking about. A bit slow of pace, but highly recommended
Chuck is awesome. Sometimes his pace is a little on the slow side, but he has the perfect balance of theory, definitions and examples. He's a real nice guy too.
Great Professor. Cute old guy. Very nice. A genius. Go to class because he explains things perfectly. It's easy to get behind so try not to skip too often.
Out of all the engineering professors I have had at the U, Prof. Swanson made the best use of visual aids, especially when showing code from his computer screen on the projector. His tests were fair. The lab section was trying at times but that's how it is in real life (the TA's were excellent, by the way). His answers were clear. I recommend him.
Chuck is a great prof. he knows what he's talking about and he explains it so you can understand it. Even if you don't quite grasp what he's saying in the lectures, once you get to lab and practice, it all becomes crystal clear. GREAT Prof. would take another class from him if I could.
He is very sweet and nice professor....We love him 5/5
My BEST PROFESSOR. HE IS SO LOGICALLY CLEAR THAT HE MAKES THE HARDEST THINGS GO MELT 5.00/5.
i loved this class (csci 1103). it was extremely easy - i didn't lose a single point in lab, including the lab midterm. chuck definitely know what he is talking about and presents the material in a clear way. i don't really have anything bad to say about chuck.
His lectures were nicely structured and the pace of the class wasn't too fast (summer class). His practice tests and review guides were very helpful for the tests.
Great professor... he is clear, organized, and always willing to explain.
Swanson is the man. He's got a ton of examples of computer programs and is incredibly straightforward.
Excellent professor, the labs did take a bit longer than expected. The grading was easy and he kept me interested in class
Really gives you an understanding of the subject, really there to help the students.
He makes class easy but iteresting. He grades easy and the assignments don't take too much time. I really enjoyed the class and still use the stuff I learned with Chuck.
I really enjoyed this class. He's a good teacher, but beyond that I wouldn't say there's anything special about him. Not exactly the kind of professor I'll remember 20 years from now.
Excellent professor. He was great at explaining stuff. He did crack corny jokes every now and then, but whatever. A lot of people didn't go to his lectures, their loss. He's very willing to help anyone that has a problem. He returns all his e-mails, stays late after lecture, very helpful during office hours. He really tries.
Chuck is a great teacher.
Caring instructor, with good reputation.
Was very funny, you could make up for poor grades by studying really hard for the tests, but you were unfortunately left without much leeway if you wanted to contact him outside of class.
Awesome professor, kept things interesting.
This was one of the easiest and most interesting classes I have taken. We learned about and discussed a lot of super interesting topics related to social and collaborative computing apps. Loren always had great questions and points for discussion.
I liked the class, a nice way to learn about social computing apps and theur effect on society.
Professor Loren Terveen was amazing. The class is focused around, not only development, but also user research and application design. Prof. Terveen was unbelievably organized -- he even knew what we will do on the last day of class, months before. The class is fairly busy, but definitely worth it. Take it with Prof. Terveen you won't regret it.
Great class. A lot of material was covered but the entire time, it seemed completely manageable. The assignments and labs were engaging and reflected what was been taught in the classroom and on the test. Would recommend going to class, but not mandatory. I never used the textbooks, but it would certainly help.
Professor Terveen did a very good job of accommodating an introductory class with a wide variance of prior experience, and took time to answer questions and make sure everyone was on track. Balance between lecture and case study time was good, and quizzes were reasonable.
Best class I've ever had. Involved a lot of discussion, and the Prof. did a great job of getting everybody involved and interested. I learned a lot.
Kim is a tough prof, and I'll admit his pronunciation is a little confusing. But the man knows the material, and he can explain it brilliantly. A lot of work, but amazing class and I learned so much about a totally new topic. Highly recommended.
Prof Lilja is a great professor. He treats his students with a lot of respect is passionate about his material. Expect to put in a lot of work for assignments, however, his grading is fair. He's a very approachable professor.
Great professor. Understands what he's teaching is tough so will work with you. The class is kind of scattered so some of the grading criteria is a little vague, but he definitely makes up for it with a curve and pushing back homework assignments. Funny lectures, knows what he's talking about, and makes what could be a hard class not horrible.
Definitely a learning curve for his class if you e never done programming but hes so helpful and understanding. He will extend Homework deadlines if you need it( which is great because it was worth 25%). He genuinely wants people to understand and do well.
He really knows his stuff.
Mats is the best professor I have had in Computer Science. He makes everything relevant, and is an absolute joy to listen to. He even makes night classes bearable.
I've learned from single lectures with Mats than I have in entire semesters with other professors. All he did was literally lecture all semester, I took very few notes, and somehow came out of the course with a rich knowledge of all the material. Very few homework assignments, but the information stays with you because it is presented so well.
No Comments
He was an enjoyable professors. Examples are pretty good and hilarious
The class is the best CSci course I took so far. I learned a lot from this class, a lot of effort though.
The course was fantastic and well presented. Clear clarification o of the concepts. Analog of fundamental concepts to daily life.
Course with a lot of reading papers which improves my knowlege, giving me information that is up-to-date state-of-the-art, interesting and also gave me training in papers
He provided a large number of topics that were different. I feel like I learned a significant amount from it.
Pretty much everything. He was the best instructor that I have had during my time at the university. Any question I ever had, he would have already researched extensively with the subject matter in question
Excellent professor. Lectures are done on the blackboard, and he carefully checks to make sure students follow. If he asks if the students understand and no one responds, he doesn't assume this means everyone does (and rightly so) and then backtracks. He is an expert in robotics and Minnesota CS is well served having him as a member of the facul
Excellent teacher. You can tell that he really cares about his students learning the material well. Clear lectures, funny guy.
A good lecturer and a nice guy, sometimes pretty funny.
One of my favorite teachers at the U! He is extremely smart and knowledgable at the course material. He's diligent and attentive to details. He's hands-on and willing to write all math deduction on the board for you. One caveat, if you want to get the most out of the course, please make sure you preview and review the course lecture/materials
He's a super good professor! Really bright! Concerned with how students do!
Excellent Professor in sense of his knowledge and depth of understanding of machine learning. Ask him anything and he will give you a crystal clear answer. But you need to cope with the pace of his teaching.
He's a very good professor. If your dedicated to learn, he will help you
Baylor is hard to evaluate, on one hand he's an amazingly engaging lecturer, on the other he's unorganized and often gets off topic. I wouldn't take a intro class from him, but for a higher lever, conceptually driven class like 4511 he is great. By the way, his first lecture is often designed to scare off students from his over-registered courses.
10/10 would take again
Probably the best instructor that I had at the U. He is funny, and you'd be laughing half of his class, he is very helpful and makes students understand the material. Don't hesitate and take his class.
Good class nice lectures makes hard things easy
Excellent lecturer and really makes you interested in the material. He does a great job making you competent and confident in python. Very contagious in his interests makes some fun analogies. Do the exercise sets and quizzes will be a breeze. TAs were also very helpful.
Jensen has a great lecture style - just writing on the board and lecturing, which makes it easy to keep up. Also he's hilarious. Do your best on the homework and the lab activities, as they're the best way to prepare yourself for the exams. This is a great class if you've never typed a line of code before.
Explains key concepts well and knows how to explain things in different ways if you don't understand initially
Since all the hw was optional, I think a lot of people dropped because they weren't spending enough time learning the material. Exams are take-home, so you can succeed if you start early and put in the work. I had no prior programming experience, and this class was legitimately the best I've ever taken! I'm now planning to major in csci! :)
There are exercises posted on the class website on which the weekly quizzed are based.
Really interesting guy and lectures are always fun. Easily my favorite professor. No textbook use because all reading is online. Provides good exercises that reflect exams and quizzes. He let us use notes on the quizzes, not that it was needed. Just read, listen to lecture, do the exercises and you will easily get an A or B.
Jensen was the best professor I have ever had. Just do the readings and go to class and you'll easily do well. He wants me to be a comp sci major now and I failed my programming class last semester.
Dr. Jensen was one of the best professors I've had at the U! He doesn't try to trick you on tests or homework. This was a great intro class for computer science, coming from someone who had next to no coding experience. Also, he's a cool guy, and put me in touch with the P.I. for a lab on campus that I wanted to work in.
Jensen is a great computer science teacher, he made me love the subject even more through his enthusiasm.
The best part about this class is that you can get a lot of help from the TA's. Make sure to go to the TA's if there is a concept that you do not understand, do not let them pile up! If you want the best explanation possible, go to Dean. He is the best at helping you understand any material related to this course.
He is a really good professor that really cares. The TA's are really helpful as well. The best TA to go to is Dean. He will break down material and explain concept in ways that will make it stick in your head. Overall, it is a really good class, with a good professor and some really good TA's.
Overall one of my favorite professors so far!
If more teachers here were like him, this university would be even better. If you're planning on going into CS, you need to understand the fundamentals and he nails them in you. Homework is long and tedious but he weeds out the weak. Go to office hours, however.
Steves a genuine and overall nice guy. He's basically the sophisticated version of the football players dad who makes smart ass jokes. Lectures were engaging for the most part but you really have to pay attention. First class I've ever taken and actually looked forward to doing homework, can be challenging but that just makes it even more rewarding
Awesome professor for anyone planning to major in CS. He gives a great foundational education, and is experienced and knowledgeable. He is also very encouraging for those who like to go above & beyond. The lectures were fun & engaging, midterms weren't too bad (take your time!), and the homework wasn't too tough. Also, 1133 is easier than 1113
Prof. Jensen taught the most informative CSCI courses I've taken so far. The material one learns with Jensen applies well to programming in general, not just Python, unlike many other intro courses. You have to pay attention and do the homework yourself if you want to get the most out of it unfortunately
Jensen is the man. If you are taking 1133, definitely take it with him. Be aware though, you must put in the work. When he says you can't do homework with others, DO NOT DO IT. This was the only reason I started out slow. Doing the homework Understanding the concept. He has a ton of office hours and loves to help out. Favorite professor by far.
Jensen is the man. He designed the course, so he knows exactly what to lecture about. He is funny, makes sure that he and his TAs are available for plenty of office hours, and works with students to help improve their performance if they're struggling. His midterms aren't too difficult if you study a lot, but the HW can be very difficult.
Kyle is great. Quite Hilarious. It is definitely a tough class, but if you ask him questions he will be more than happy to talk about ANYTHING computer science related.
Great professor! I would suggest to anyone to take a class with him! Not all of his assignments are super easy, but he helps anyone who needs help and is very quick to respond to emails. He really wants his students to do good in his class. He gives extra credit opportunities to those who are not happy with their grade too!
Prof Brent is an awesome professor that is incredibly helpful. His research is also very fascinating and he's up for talking about it if you talk to him after class or during his office hours.
Really passionate about his work and tries his hardest to help the class feel that way too. His lectures are very informal and are almost a discussion. Tests are very easy yet encompass everything he teaches. Doing the homework really helps understand the concepts he is trying to get across. He was great, especially for a first time professor.
I was extremely exciting to see Prof Dasuki was back teaching CSCI8281 after his recent sabbatical. I am a PhD student now, but I had taken Prof Dasuki for an introductory level class many years ago, and he inspired my love for computer science, deadlifting, and lentils. Trust me... if you want to see someone passionate - take Prof Dasuki's class.
Prof. Robertson was one of my favorites this semester! He goes through many problems in detail throughout the lecture, so I'd say attendance would be good. Also the t.a. sections and PAL sessions are helpful. If you do your homework, attend lectures and sections, you'll be set for the exams!
Quite simply the most talented lecturer in the CS department. Too good. Lectures are so dense that if you stop paying attention for a minute, you will be lost for the next ten. However, they contain solutions to HW problems so attend each one and take notes on everything he says. Tests are fair and open note/book. HW takes a while, but manageable.
She is very commited to her research field in the UI designing. Therefore, she is able to teach this class with top most qualities.
I really liked his style. He would go over the material well, and he would give us assignments and exams that were not only appropriately difficult but helped us understand the material better. He is also helpful and posts what we have to learn as well as tips and hints for the quizzes and the exams. 10/10
I completely disagree with the ratings below. I think Mr. Narain is a true role model of what a U of M professor should be. He was very understanding and the lectures were beyond amazing. You get an impression that he is nervous, however, I believe that it is just his hilarious personality. Take him for csci 2033, he is awesome.
This course and Max is really great. I could learn recent cook web development. Most important thing in this class is making web app with group. For me, I have some difficulty to group work due to group members poor skill. Thus I need extra time. But he understand my situation and grading is fare if you do as much as you could.
Huge amount of work for this INCREDIBLE web dev class. Great opp to build portfolio pieces you can be truly proud of. The class ate my life and my free time working on group projects, but I really loved my group, Max was SUPER helpful and a great teacher, and it was totally worth it!
Max is a really great professor and he has a very different style of teaching which makes the classes a lot more interesting. He divided the course in 4 modules which sometimes felt a lot but it added a lot of skills which I would surely need after graduating.
Max is a great professor who teaches a great course. The return on investment is well worth it. You have the opportunity to develop creative skills, teamworking, full-stack development. Max is understanding of students and the material of the course and gives students creative freedom. This course is as good as you make it, so make it worth it.
He is highly knowledgeable, in fact in multiple fields. A very unique class and course setting .Helps grow as individual and as a team .Max is Crystal clear in his class presentations . Organized coursework. All projects and no Final exams. Keeps the class lively. Lot of learning from projects definitely rewarding. Professor puts in equal efforts.
Max was great. Extremely helpful, always willing to help you get your stuff working outside of class. Pretty in touch with what is going on in the industry today. Also this class was my favorite CompSci class I've taken. Good format, really relevant, interesting content. Would take again if I could. Just a tip - pick a good group to work with.
He really cares about how well students can actually understand the material, and highly values student feedback. His lectures mostly cover concepts and are quite casual. He did not cover much about notating proofs, but probably will in future classes. Homework was clear, lots of opportunity for bonus points, and grading is fairly lenient.
Has a PhD from Katmandu Engineering college. His teaching methods are somewhat unorthodox , but he really really teaches you the subject in a way you'll truly understand. I left his class knowing more about computer science with one semester with him than in my past 3 years at the University of Minnesota. His exams are doable as long as you study.
Neal is awesome. I took him for an online course (CI5301), and didn't know what to expect. He posts weekly videos to let you know exactly what needs to be done and shows you how to use technology that might be new to some students. I had a couple questions that he promptly answered in emails. He also provides valuable feedback. Highly recommend!
Neal is one of my new favorite teachers! He tries to relate the work you wanna do in your future to the content of the class! He has clear grading criteria and hands things back in a timely manner! He ALWAYS responds to emails within a day! Such a nice and understanding teacher! He is inspiring, respectable, and caring!
Best prof of all time. I intend to stay enrolled after i graduate just so i can keep taking his classes. Class is super interesting he actually teaches you the material in a helpful way. strongly recommend him for any class possible!
Josiah did a great job
Definitely one of the best professors and courses I've taken during my undergrad. The prof cares so much about what you will take out of the class into the real worldand it shows. He has a lot of passion for the material and helping students so he gives it his all, but also expects the same from you. It might be a lot of work, but it's worth it!
I found Donald to be one of the most inspirational people ever. Definitely one of the toughest courses I've taken so far. Books, online articles - get ready to read a ton of stuff. But in exchange for the effort and sweat you put into this class, you get quality exposure to the fundamentals of big data and industry grade tools. Highly recommended!
One of, if not the most useful class I have ever taken. You truly learn so much in only a semester. Don is not an easy professor by any means but he is the most helpful one I have ever had. Will help you both academically and professionally.
Must take by all aspiring data engineers. His class is how every class should be. I learned in only this class the same amount of information I learned from CSCI 4707 and 5708, maybe more. Prof wants everyone's experience to be filled with learning and experience, so be ready to put some effort in your assignments.
He rocks.
Norm is an awesome prof who really cares about his students and how they are doing in his class. I absolutely recommend Norm.
Steven is an international expert on machine learning, and it definitely shows. His lectures are crystal clear, and his assignments are designed to illuminate the finer points of what's discussed in class. That doesn't make it any less difficult, and there were nights I did not sleep an hour. Still would take it though, I learned six classes worth.
Steven is awesome. Class materials are edited in latex and very friendly to read. 5 homework in total but the lowest one will be dropped. Homework could be quite challenging and time-consuming but exams are controllable. Extra credits are CRAZY that my final grade even exceeded 100.
Ankith Bhat was a diligent TA in that he would leave very helpful feedback when grading assignments and extend his office hours. When he's helping you, he would ask you conceptual questions about your code. Often times he would draw box and arrow diagrams to make sure you ACTUALLY understand what you are doing, all in a kind and amicable manner.
Ankith Bhat was a truly great TA. He'd often skip class just to extend his office hours to help students with their labs and projects. He actually showed you how things worked and didn't just tell you what to do.
Awesome Class! He really tries to teach relevant material, at least as much as is expected from an internet programming class. Do well on projects (midterm and final are projects too) and don't miss on online reading from his textbook and you'll be good!
Lectures consist of him building a program from scratch. Refreshing break from the typical slide show lectures of the department. Also wrote his own textbook so students don't have to waste money on one.
Absolutely loved the class. He is super caring and understanding when I was going through some personal stuff this semester. He actually reads the assignments too and gives feedback that is always great to read. Would recommend this class to anyone who wants a caring professor and a class that is truly interesting even if you are not in IT.
Im not even playing with yall, Scott is the best professor I've had at the U so far. His criteria is so basic yet so helpful and on top of that he actually reads your reflections and gives you nice simplified feedback! I hope he teaches the later courses for INET as well cause I actually love this guy.
Great professor, very understanding and helpful.
Scott is an relaxed grader as long as you do the weekly reflection and flipgrid talking about something related to the week's topic you will get an A. The topics we learned about were pretty interesting even if you aren't pursuing an IT related career. Scott is super encouraging in his feedback and that always brightened my day to read.
Bridger is by far my favorite professor yet. I had a bit of coding experience going in to his class which definitely helped, but later in the year, topics I didn't understand were brought up. Yet Bridger always managed to find a way to clearly explain topics at their base level. Overall Bridger is a cool, understanding, and clear teacher.
Prof. Konstan is such a good guy and a really great lecturer. The class is graded by one giant group project so if you have a good group it'll be easy and if you have a bad one it'll be tons of work. My group was great and we had a really good relationship with our TA. The class is helpful for future interviews and developing professional skills.
Professor Konstan is an awesome professor. He has incredible knowledge about user experience and user interface design, and his lectures were very enjoyable to listen to. This class is heavily based on a semester long group project, but he did a great job of setting us up with good partners and made sure that we were all completing solid projects.
Amazing advisor
He's an amazing adviser.
He is a very nice Professor. Assignments are tough but at the end of the course you learn a lot. The best part is he got me interested about Social Computing.
Professor Knights' MICE5035 class is taught in a way where it is clear that we are there to learn things, not to care about exams, etc. As someone who only took AP Bio, the biology I needed to learn was very small, and this class was more focused on the computational analysis. Anything we needed to know was taught at a very reasonable pace.
Dan Knights is one of the best professors in the CS department. Even though this class is heavy on the biological information, it is very manageable for a CS student. The projects are also very interesting and help demonstrate some real world applications of the CS major. His lectures were pretty engaging for the most part. Highly recommend.
Prof. Knights' CSCI class was outstanding. He genuinely cares about the subject and students, making lectures engaging and fun. His dedication to our success made this my favorite class, creating a truly supportive learning environment.
I was worried at first when going into to the class, but it turned out much easier than expected.Great professor!
I went into CSCI 2011 believing it was a weeder course. Perhaps with other professors it is more difficult, but if you have the chance to, please take Discrete Mathematics with Dan. He releases practice midterms that have very similar problems to the actual midterms and his lectures were useful and engaging. Hopefully, he teaches it again!
He gives great lectures. His grading scheme is very fair, and as long as you regurally study you wont feel the need to cram.
Works very hard to make the class engaging and is always listening to feedback, This guy is cool too if you have the chance look up his background very humble professor.
An absolutely phenomenal professor! Great lecturer. Later in the course, the lectures increase in difficulty but homework's stay grounded. Lots of required readings, but skimming them is all thats needed. Grade mainly based on 4 main homework's and group project. These homeworks can be tough, but rewarding and he does a good job to prepare you.
I took this class out of pure interest for the subject. Though the content can get heavy quickly, Dan does an excellent job lecturing and clearly explaining the appropriate amounts of biology/CS behind each subject. The grading criteria sets students up for success, and the class was unlike any I have taken before. I would recommend Dan Knights!
Great prof. The class is basically just two big projects, but he walks you through everything you need to know. The class is low stress, and Dan really emphasizes that he just wants you to learn. Low stress, interesting class, great professor who really meets you at your level.
Fantastic. Knows what he is talking about and is very helpful. He made the content seem really easy, and his lectures all made sense. Had a couple great guest lectures from people who have done cool stuff with computer science. A really cool guy.
Prof. Knights is one of the best Comp Sci Professors that I have ever had. He constantly adjusts the speed of his lectures so that students can keep up. If you ask for help he will help you and make the experience of learning discrete math fun. Did I mention he was the world champ rubik's cube solver.
Looks spiffy, gives clear and very organized lectures, and is always open to feedback. You need to study to do well, but if you've done a little work, he's always willing to help. Constantly adjusts speed of course according to the class, and explains way simpler (& more interesting) than textbooks. Super cool, despite Comp Sci dweeb stereotypes.
He had high expectations for our project this semester -- he wanted us to improve on the results of a deep learning/computer vision research paper we picked. I love him for this and I learned a lot in his class.
Great lectures and fun assignments. Before taking this course, be sure to become an expert in deep learning and DL API since you will need them for project. Park has high expectation on project so you would have to do something worthy of publication to succeed (you can still pass w/o these if you did well on assignments but expect to get below B)
Professor Park is definitely one of the best CompSci professors at the U. His lecture slides are very well designed and entertaining and he's pretty funny at times as well. He shows a lot of examples of how the materials that you learn in class are being used and it is pretty inspiring. Class is definitely hard but in the end, it is worth it.
Dr. Park is the best CS professor I've had. He researches Computer Vision - he's not only knowledgeable, he's passionate about teaching it to us. Lectures are great, and he's very friendly in office hours. HWs were a decent amount of work, but easy to get at least 95 once you figured it out. Final was also pretty easy. Overall, highly recommend!!!
This was my first class at the U and I loved it. The class was very easy until after the second midterm. There are 7 of quizzes (best 5 are graded), 3 midterms (best 2/3), and 1 final. Professor is very kind and accessible--I learned a lot. This is more of a a MATH class, though--only 3 short program assignments.
I really liked this class, but be warned, this is not an easy class you can take and mess around in. The midterm was quite hard imo. Nathan is a great guy, he really wants class to be a discussion and is usually super responsive by email. If you try you'll learn a ton about networking, and I recommend anyone interested to take him.
Professor Barry is a solid professor and structures his class well. This class is time-consuming and you are more or less independently learning, but you are given all the tools to succeed. Lectures can be hard to follow, but the slides and sample code he puts up are a great resource. Be diligent with readings, homework, and labs and you'll do well
One of my favorite professors that I've ever had. Very approachable and more than willing to help. His great lectures make it worth while. So long that you take notes in class and do the homework, you should be fine for the tests.
Phillip Barry did an absolutely fantastic job with a difficult subject. I would highly recommend him.
He is a great professor. If you went to lectures and didn't take notes you could still pass. Really clear, and good examples. The only hard part is the homework, if you want a good grade you need to double check with TA's that you are doing it right. The book was used just lectures were equally helpful.
Dr. Barry is easily the best instructor I've had in 3 years at the U of M. He may not provide the most exciting lectures, but he presents the material clearly, answers questions, and has realistic expectations of students. I'd suggest taking 3081W with him if you have the chance. Just be willing to ask questions and he'll take the time to answer.
He's an all around caring, kind, and hard working Professor. As long as you do what is assigned by him (which is easily done as long as you manage your own time and not cram at the last minute), it will be easy. If it isn't however, he is very willing to help you and he is understanding if you encounter issues as long as you reach out to him.
Matheus is amazing! If you have the chance to take a course with him, do it! He really cares a lot about his students and is very understanding. His lectures are very interesting as well. He is also hilarious without realizing it! It was an amazing class, that's for sure!
Matheus is honestly the best professor I've ever had. He has a passion for teaching and truly cares about his student's learning. He explains the material so well and makes programming so easy to understand. Awesome Professor!
Matheus is such a nice guy in and out of class. He truly cares about your ability to code, and for a first timer like me, that commitment means everything when you don't understand the material. He is great at explaining concepts and infusing his personal interests into the class, which makes the lectures worth attending. Amazing instructor!
Truly cares about his students, and it's very easy to see that! His lectures are very clear and explains things very well. Really approachable and always willing to help. Coding is hard, but he makes it worth learning!
Prof Zhang is a very nice guy and teaches the class very well. He does a good job of making sure students understand what is expected of them on homework, programming assignments, and take-home quizzes. Very approachable and wants students to learn. Overall, I learned a lot and recommend this course to anyone curios about networking.
Extremely nice, and very informative lectures. The course must have changed (no required group work) and I really like it. Projects are challenging but mostly directly following protocols in textbook. He's adapted well and generously in response to COVID-19. I wish there were recorded lectures before it started since it's nice to move freely.
Amazing Professor. As a respectful researcher, Dr. Saad really knows the stuff and provides high level insights. Detailed slides and solution to challenging exercises. A lot HWs and Exams but they are truly helpful. Almost everthing is excellent, other than, well, 8:15am is not a good time slot...
The lectures are dense and difficult to follow sometimes, but his notes are very detailed and available during exams. The homework assignments are well-designed to make sure you learn. Overall, one of the best professors I've encountered.
Dr. Saad provides his own lecture notes that are fairly detailed. The homework takes a considerable amount of time, and it's where most of the learning occurs. Most of the grade (70%) comes from tests, which are similar to the homework. The class may seem overwhelming at times, but the knowledge gained is invaluable for future courses.
His course was really helpfull to me.
He's a really really wonderful professor. Best ever.. I like him a lot. Especially the way he teaches is really fantastic. He's nice and helpful whenever I go to his office hour.
If you've taken 4061 and liked it, this is a good course for you. Weissman is an incredibly smart researcher as well as a good teacher. Good resources, engaging lectures, clear expectations. I'd highly recommend taking this with someone you know, as a good project partner can really effect your grade.
The most difficult part of this class is the projects. It will take you some time, but you can learn a lot from it. Jon is a great professor. Everything he arranges is reasonable and makes it easy for you to keep up with the progress of the course.
Class is tough for most, but Weissman does a pretty good job with notes and answering questions. Grading is super generous, and even though the projects are pretty long they help you learn a lot and are pretty the only work you do outside of class. 2 midterms with 1 dropped, no final, 4 projects with 1 dropped, and simple labs are the only grades.
Great professor. Lectures are clear and no surprise questions on exams. The group projects take a decent amount of time if you're new to C programming, but you really learn the material doing them. Weissman is very willing to answer questions in office hours.
I'm a computer science student at the U of M, and I've had a majority of the professors in the department, and I can say without a doubt Jon is my favorite. He's an inspiring lecturer, and amazing professor. His class isn't easy but it is rewarding and educational. I would go out of my way to take any course with him, and recommend you do the same.
He's a really nice and considerate guy who's always going to encourage questions and will also ask questions in class and expect someone to answer. The course was heavy with 4 projects which take a lot of time but will make you learn a lot. Exams were pretty manageable when you compare it to the projects. Exam content is mostly from his slides.
Great professor that loves to teach material as clearly as possible. Won't make you feel stupid for asking stupid questions and makes sure all students understand how much work needs to be done for projects beforehand. If you skip class you will miss necessary material for the exam and homeworks that he presents on the whiteboard only.
Although I had a difficult time staying awake in the class, it wasn't because of this professor. He does a great job trying to make dry and boring material seem at least somewhat interesting. Very understanding when it comes to stress of a student. Always welcoming to answer questions and make time to meet with students.
Inspirational to me about OS. No tough questions on tests. Make sure learn everything in his PPTs. Test concept all from PPT. Do NEED programming skills. No HW. Group labs are puzzles but not difficult. They were completed projects then he erased some part for you to fill in. DO NEED good team. Easy to get A if studied. Highly recommend this prof.
Really great professor! I would definitely recommend taking a course with him. If you attend and pay attention to lectures, projects and exams will be fairly easy to complete. Responds very quickly to emails and willing to help. Overall great professor and course - i enjoyed and learned a lot from him! Also, the final was super easy!!
Prof. Weisman was a great lecturer and very willing to help students outside of class. The course grade consisted of four group projects and three exams. The group projects were difficult at times but were usually pretty interesting applications. The exams were pretty easy and straightforward.
Best lectures I've had in any programming course. He makes hard topics seem easy and straightforward. Grading was prompt and the tests were fair. HW is challenging but group work is allowed (recommend using Git). A genuinely nice and approachable guy who is passionate about teaching OS. This was one of the best CSci courses I have taken so far.
Fantastic lecturer, with a very clear understanding of what to expect of his students. Tests, homework, and lectures were challenging but easily doable. Approachable and knowledgeable. Side-note: The TAs for this course were incredible as well.
Jon is helpful, clear, and very approachable. He's always happy to talk to you and offer guidance on the material. His lectures are clear and he puts his notes online, making class optional but I do recommend you go often. Work-intensive classes but tests are easy enough if you read the book. Made me love operating systems, I now work in the field.
Great professor, one of the best at the University. Good at lecturing and very friendly in general and in office hours. Not particularly easy, but not necessarily hard or unfair. Take him whenever possible, very few profs at the U are better.
Weissman is a fantastic lecturer. I almost wish he could lecture for all of my classes. The assignments are interesting and challenging, as they should be. The tests are quite challenging, but they feel fair, and you get out what you put in; there are no trick questions or granular details to look for, and relevant system calls are provided.
Best professor I have had in CSCI at the U of M. His lectures are helpful and clear, the projects he assigns are interesting and support learning the topics that are covered in lecture, and his tests are very fair. I found this class really interesting and enjoyable, and in no small part was this due to how Weissman teaches it.
Excellent Professor. You can tell he cares about what he teaches -- the lectures are well prepared and he is willing and able to answer any questions you might have. Also very approachable outside of lecture. I would take another course with this Professor.
Excellent Professor. Very organized and makes a clear presentation in lecture. He's a real person too -- not opposed to extending the due date on a lab, curving a bad test, etc. If you like Jon Riedl's teaching style, you will also like Jon Weissman.
Reviews of Redish are absolutely wrong - don't let them scare you. Extremely nice, respectful, and brilliant. Participate, do the assigned readings, take notes, and think critically. Gee, it's almost like it's a college class taught by an expert who cares about people actually learning! If you're having problems, go to office hours. GREAT CLASS.
One of the best professors I've had, and a really interesting class. Some of the concepts are hard to grasp, and take more time to process - visit office hours, he's more than happy to help you understand. Lectures are mandatory, not much info provided on lecture slides, but if you're willing to put in the work you can do very well in the course.
The class is made up of two labs which were pretty straightforward, as well as a final exam. He will help you if you decide to reach out to him, but takes a while to get to. Having prior knowledge in C would help, but if you put in the time, you'll do just fine. He also gives examples on how to approach the Labs, which helps. Overall decent class
Enthusiastic, knowledgeable of the topic and inspired me in this area. It is a difficult field so be ready to study outside the class. He cares for the students and is really interested that they learn things.
He is a very caring and thoughtful professor. You can tell he is very interested and passionate about what he does and wants everyone to be able to understand the material. Very patient and well spoken.
Overall a really good professor and a hard class. You might think in the beginning that is super tough and confusing the material and the way he's teaching, but if you work through it, you understand that everything makes sense. Schrater is really passionate with what he's doing and in general Machine Learning.
My favorite professor so far. He is very considerate of your time as a student and will let you have extensions on homeworks and papers if you ask politely. Don't expect a excessive amount of guidance however. Machine Learning is hard and you can't learn what you need in class, it just isn't feasible. He did the best he could and it was awesome.
Lectures were clear and explanations during class were very helpful. Not mandatory, but I would recommend going. Projects are tough but they're entirely doable. Make sure you know C. I believe that TAs made and graded assignments; a LOT of issues when each project was released due to not giving enough info or not setting up required files properly.
He was a solid guy, his lab team was disorganized, but he accounted for that by granting an extension for every single project. Quizzes and tests, are easier than the other profs who offer this course so, if you're not a good test taker and can do alright on projects he's your guy.
Good at lecturing in a beginner-friendly way, although the lectures aren't particularly attention-holding. Only complaint is that lab instructions are sometimes unclear and especially for the networking topics hard to understand what we were doing. Star Trek references on quizzes were a good bonus.
Chandra's lectures are very clear and understandable, a lot of the times he can just talk and walks through examples of topics to make sure we get what's happening (although can get a bit boring at times), labs and quizzes were straightforward, group projects were tough but manageable, midterms weren't too difficult.
Class was super interesting, his style of teaching is going over slides and examples sometimes. At least for me the way he taught and set the class up made me successful. Exams contain information you'd expect and nothing more or surprising. He wants you to succeed and the content he teaches will help you in your future career.
Lectures can be boring, but contain all the information you need for the exams. Wants students to succeed. Would take again in a heartbeat.
Good professor with a sense of humor. Most of the content for exams are on his slides (also attend/watch his lectures. He tends to give examples/more info that isn't on the slides). There are four group projects (40% of the grade). Projects aren't bad if you find good partners. Labs were unfortunately mandatory and made up part of the lab grade.
Good lecturer, if you pay attention in class the tests and quizzes are quite easy.
This professor's lectures and slides are consistent, allowing you to prepare for lecture beforehand with questions and notes. There is an accompanying textbook that can be found online with greater detail. His quizzes are meant to remind you of what you learned, he wants you to pass, not trip you up with trick questions. Very patient professor
Chandra is dry, as others have said, but he's good. He explains Operating Systems concepts better than anyone else ever has that I know of. He's very knowledgeable, very accessible outside of class, responds to emails promptly, and answers questions concisely and clearly. TAs on the other hand are incompetent.
Professor Chandra gives well-organized lectures that clearly explain the material. The textbook is good for getting more detailed info, but you can certainly get a decent grade without doing the assigned readings. The programming projects were very difficult for me, but you may choose to work with a partner to make them easier.
Great class. Professor Chandra is very knowledgeable about OS. Projects are tough but super rewarding.
Professor Chandra did an excellent job of fully explaining topics and lectures were very informative (though sometimes a little dry). Class expectations were clear and all assignments and tests were relevant and doable. He's a great guy and knows what he's talking about, even when lectures get boring.
Chandra is good teacher that makes boring concepts semi-interesting. His lectures are clear and provides good examples that make the concepts more relatable. The projects are decently sized and you will need to start them early, but are definetely manageable. The other reviews knocking him so hard are bit much, he is overall a really good prof
Love Abhishek, great prof great person. Lectures are kinda boring but will help you learn a lot along with labs. Projects are a little rough but very manageable as long as you don't start them 6 hours before they're due. Definitely a great option for 4061.
Overall Abhishek is a great professor. The course he teaches is mandatory and most people don't like it because it is in C. He really understands the material and is a great person. The assignments are group based and there is an opportunity for extra credit in them. The exams are very fair, Most TA's are good.
Lectures were interesting and well taught -- examples when necessary, and everything was recorded and available online if you were to miss a lecture. Professor was quite friendly and felt approachable. TAs for the class were iffy, as I know mine would ask if there were any more questions then would simply leave with about 15 minutes left of lab.
Good professor, bad TAs. He does a good job of making the lectures engaging and interesting. If you attend lecture and pay attention the course should be easy. The programming assignments/labs were annoying sometimes in terms of organization, but that was the grad TAs fault. Expect to have to get stuff regraded because of them.
He is a good professor, teaches the material thoroughly. Lectures are somewhat boring, I admit, but you learn the material. The projects & labs are VERY hard, but you will learn by coding, not sitting in lecture, and coding is what you will be doing at your future job. The exams are pretty easy, and you get a partner for all the projects.
Abhishek is one of the best computer science professors I've had here. His teaching of the content of the class is great. He makes it really easy to understand the material. The hard part was learning C to do the assignments in a time effective matter. All of the lectures were put online which really helps reinforce the material .
He teaches the material well. He responds to students well. Programming assignments take a long time, but that is the nature of the Operating Systems class.
Although the lectures were not that interesting or interactive, the projects were very interesting. Learned a lot from doing the projects and reading through the slides. Midterms were closed book, but all the material was on the slides and very straightforward. Would recommend this professor.
I could say Professor Kangjie Lu is the best CS professor I've ever met at UMN. His lectures were well-organized. He gave concrete examples both in history and today's life. The group projects and exercises were aligned with lectures which benefited my learning by offering chances to implement attacks but not just learn the concepts.
Professor Lu taught lots of decent and practical knowledge that actually are used in today's life. He had many interactions with student during the class, which gave student time to think and discuss different opinions. This course relates to lots of field in computer science, like basic OS system security, network security, cypher, IOT, Bitcoin,
Great professor, he is very interested in class, difficult but practical, he is very patient.
Prof Lu is very clear in class. HW and Projects are done in groups, and if you and your group aren't diligent, you're screwed. Projects have practical applications, which is really cool. One project involved finding bugs in a release software. He is very understanding, and was willing to give an extension when I got very sick.
Prof Kumar is a good instructor. His lectures are clear and helpful. The homeworks are from lecture slides and the assigned textbook. I would recommend taking this course as an introduction to data mining and machine learning techniques.
TLDR: This is a tough class with a great professor. Vipin is a passionate, caring, and well respected researcher in his field. The homeworks were graded harshly (make sure to justify EVERYTHING with a brief explanation). The tests were ok, as long as you did the projects beforehand. The textbook was invaluable for homework and project questions.
Lana is awesome and super friendly. I would advise everyone to take her classes.
Everyone who take this with Lana loves it. The course was flipped, so the homework consisted occasionally of watching lecture videos, but you might be assigned only an hour or two of lectures for 3 or 4 weeks of class. Course is fun, but the 2nd leg of the project is chaos as the Android tutorials aren't very good so it can be a lot of work. 10/10
I do research with Lana and she's awesome. Extremely nice and understanding to students of all levels. If you have a chance or interest in joining her lab I'd highly recommend. Everyone is very welcoming and working of very cool projects.
Lana is one of my favorite professors. She sets clear guidelines and expectations and is well organized herself. She provides a lot of helpful feedback on your project and is a very relaxed grader. She makes CSCI 5115 a super fun, interesting, and easy class.
Awesome professor, great class, learned a lot of useful skills in this course!
Very fun classes, great professor
5115 with Yarosh was a breeze. The class is flipped, so you'll be watching lecture videos outside of class and taking quizzed on the material in class to make sure you're keeping up. Most of the grade depends on a group project, but it's not hard to get a good grade on it if you put in just 3 hours weekly.
Lana is an amazing prof who really cares about her students. Her projects weren't too difficult, and the weekly Zybooks assignments were easy and helped me a lot. Her lectures were enjoyable and interesting, and she used iClickers to judge our understanding of the material and adjust her lecture accordingly. I would recommend her to any student.
Lana is an amazing prof, explains concepts very well to beginners and always looks for feedback on her teaching style to see if she is doing something wrong. Her tests are easy, and are nearly exactly the same as practice tests. Very good prof to take for your first CSCI class.
Lana was such a great intro CS professor! She was very willing to review concepts that were confusing and answered questions during class. Everything was graded by TAs and she didn't create the homework, so she couldn't help as much with that. I feel very lucky that I took Lana for my intro class.
She was a very good instructor for an introduction to computer science course and I feel like she made a lot of people want to continue on the CS path. The homework was probably the hardest part of the class and even that was very doable.
A very passionate professor, explains a lot of challenging concepts very clearly. She does have a lot of pokemon examples, so if you not into it, it might get annoying, but if you don't mind it, it's a blast! She is also very approacheable outside of class and very open to feedback. If you can, take it with her!
Lana is fantastic and really tries her best to put everything she can into her lectures. She does a lot to explain concepts, provides easy checks for learning and comprehension, and is willing to re-cover anything if you stop into her office.
Such a wonderful professor. Very relatable for computer science students. Highly recommend this course and the professor.
Easily the most enthusiastic computer science professor I've ever encountered. She's very approachable, and more importantly, very open to feedback (we even got her to stop the onslaught of pokemon examples). Class itself was straightforward, but watch out for erratic participation quizzes later in the semester.
Really fun guy to listen to, but also no nonsense about coursework a lot. Also note, I had him for 1133H but that wasn't an option on RMP
Prof Sattar was great to have this semester. His lectures are sprinkled with jokes and personal stories, his homework is delayed enough to understand the material, and he understands students. Your grade is based on 4 homework, 1 programming (20%), and a project (40%). Start of the semester was easy, end got pretty hard. Luckily he's very forgiving
Taking this class with Nabil was one of the best decisions I made. The guidance he offered in and out of class was extremely valuable.
Was a great professor, nothing on the exams were trying to trick you and he was really good at explaining concepts. Would 100% take another class taught by him.
Very good teacher and very funny
You need Nabil as you professor.
The GOAT, pretty easy material, makes it easy to understand, there's a decent amount of work but there's lots of opportunities to get help on it.
Nabil is the best professor you can get
Great guy, explained stuff in lectures well. Really liked the way he tested. Instead of a traditional sit down test youd schedule a 1-1 meeting with him and would just talk over problems and stuff youve covered so far. Labs were very understandable and had good challenges for people looking for extra to do.
He's a great professor. Excellent lectures, fun labs, easy oral exams, and many opportunities for extra credit!
He was an absolute chiller. Moved deadlines back, gave opportunities for extra credit, allowed group work but did not make it mandatory, and tests were not too difficult/no surprises.
He's very enthusiastic with his classes and has empathy for his students. Willing to understand and help you whenever you're uncertain about something. Explains assignments, labs, and verbal exams clearly and also cracks jokes here and there. Get him whenever you can or when Nathan Taylor's classes are full. Same concept, both are good professors.
Had Nabil for my 1133 Intro to Python class. He was really good at explaining the material and was also very enthusiastic about it, which made it easy to pay attention. A very kind and caring guy who grades fairly.
Professor Khan is GREAT at teaching C++/C. If he is teaching CSCI1113 take it with him easily. He is very understanding and a pretty easy grader.
Extremely clear on grading standards. Lectures go very well with the assigned textbook readings. Easily accessible outside class. On exams he will not only correct you on what you did wrong but help you understand how to correctly use the concept. Tried to give as many points as possible on the exams even if you are struggling with the concept.
Mr. Orban is a great guy, he really cares about his students. His lectures are very easy, the midterm was very doable, and having no final is always great. The semester-long project got messy in the middle but he made it right and he deserves credit for that. He really knows what he's talking about and loves helping students!
Dan has been a TA for this class has research and industry experience; so not only is he a good teacher but he is an excellent resource if ur are interested in graphical programming. He is very compassionate and patient with his students. He doesn't make u feel stupid for being wrong. He is a bit new, but every semester the course is more organized
Prof. Orban always brought enthusiasm to lectures and took time to connect abstract concepts to real-world applications. Homework assignments were lengthy, but featured interesting problems that had thought put into them. Exams can feature new questions that introduce/build on old concepts, so make sure your foundations are solid. Excellent prof.
Dan is a super good guy and it's clear he cares about his students, which is a rarity. The class was very difficult and chaotic, but I felt that Dan did a great job accommodating students and making changes as need be.
Dan Orban is the single greatest software development prof ever. He has a passion for design patterns and ties the subject matter to his own past experiences to meet students where they're at. Caring, understanding, approachable, and the nicest prof you'll ever have, don't miss out on the opportunity to learn from him and enjoy awesome projects!
Learned a lot from his lectures & really enjoy going, even online. He is understanding and treats you w/ respect and grace as long as you keep him in the loop with what is going on on your end. I had heard bad things about 3081, but I loved taking it. We use real-world skills and thrown off the deep end but you learn quick, group work setting helps
Prof Moen is great; he is clear and concise in his lectures, and occasionally funny. My only complaints are that homework is worth 70% of our grade and at week 8 in the semester we've only had one 3 question assignment, and that he doesn't provide practice problems for his midterms. However, if you go to class the work is pretty easy.
I will never forget this teacher. I had a rough semester and I was borderline about to fail his class and he was grading my exams, ended with a D+ which he thought was a silly grade and passed me with a C-. He shaped my whole cs career and became the sole reason why I did not drop out. Amazing teacher don't think twice take his class!
Moen is a great professor, although sometimes forgetful. 75% of the grade is homework, which is awesome, and the TAs as well as him were easily accessible outside of lecture times. Furthered my understanding of these subjects, I definitely recommend him! I heard he may be retiring though...
Overall good teacher
HW(i think 11) 75%, TESTS (1 midterm, 1 final) 25% Show up to class and take good notes. Also discussions help a lot.
Good prof
Overall good professor, he responds to emails pretty fast and is always willing to explain concepts to you after class. Class is mostly graded by projects and exams, so be prepared for that.
He was an amazing professor. If you know the topic well, you'll get an A in the class, and if you don't you'll have a harder time doing so. He's funny, nice, and super open to having conversations about homework, tests or anything you're struggling with during his office hours. You need to attend 90% of lectures to do well in the class.
Test heavy Need a 95% for an A, I had a 94% Lectures were pretty boring, but had everything you needed to know A lot of the HW and tests were just common sense and not too difficult imo Especially easy if you're a CompE and have already taken CS1913 and EE2301 Grade = 1/2 HW + 1/2 TESTS - pretty simple
While Prof. Moen did have a habit of "clerical errors" he did well to make his course interesting and enjoyable. I thought he explained things quite well and his grading was fair.
Moen was excellent in this course. Lectures were consistently engaging and always lucid, and Moen frequently paused to give time for students to ask questions. His version of 4041 is much more procedure- and concept-heavy rather than math- and proof-heavy like other profs. Also, he's just an awesome guy. Highly recommended!
Likely the best professor I have come across at UMN. He explains stuff quite well in lectures and mixes in his humor, wit, and artistic ability. The homework assignments were highly doable and interesting to solve. Everyone should experience the genius of Moen. Take the class.
I absolutely enjoyed Moen's lectures for this course. I would look forward to watching his lectures (on 1.5 speed) and he made some good jokes. The assignments were difficult at times, especially since OCaml is kind of a niche language, but it was very fair.
Moen was pretty great as a lecturer. Moreso than any other professor I've had, watching his lectures felt like something to look forward to, almost as if it was a great comedy show rather than a class. Never has a professor entertained me so. Beyond that, the class was easy overall, at least as long as you go to office hours. I got a 100% grade!
I had Moen for 4041 and 2041. He is an amazing professor, you need to take him if you get the chance. He's actually funny in lecture (watch at 1.5x) and will always help you, he's great to email with. Now, the material is not as fun. We were graded on 4 hmwk assignments, that's it. You get 2 weeks for it but it's hard and use your TA's for help!!!
Moen is a great professor. I chose him thanks to RMP and I'm glad I did. 2041 was perfectly modified for learning at home. With no tests/exams, no homework, but now only group labs and a few projects? It really made the class fun and inviting. Moen himself is actually very funny, quirky, and he makes lectures fun to watch, at 1.5 speed of course :)
Sigh. I didn't want to let Moen down by getting a B in his class, but it was totally asynchronous and I just couldn't motivate myself to do it. No projects or exams and we were only graded by 4 homework assignments which sucked (I even think two of my grades are still pending). He's a great lecturer though. If you can motivate yourself, 4041 is EZ.
I love Moen but I simply do not have it in me to watch 14 weeks of asynchronous lectures, no matter how good they are. Honestly though, he's a very skilled lecturer who perfectly explains the material. If you're capable of motivating yourself totally asynchronously this class is an easy A. Unfortunately I was not, and I still got a B. No exams.
I LOVE JAMES MOEN!!! This was the easiest CSCI class i've ever taken at the U! Because of corona, there were no tests and no projects, just 4 homework assignments. Moen makes jokes during his lecture and he's just such a cute old man! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
Easy to understand lectures with some dry humor I found funny. Gave a driver file so you know your lab grade before you submit it. Tests only on lectures, take good notes and they'll be a breeze with little study. Prof. Moen always encouraged feedback and that you email him with questions or mistakes in lectures etc, which is rare nowadays.
Super nice guy, really easy to email and responds relatively quickly. Online lectures were pre-recorded and super easy to understand. Moen is super funny and very smart. You will not regret taking Moen.
I love Prof. Moen. He teaches slowly but clearly, and was always accessible over email. The labs/projects are really fun if you enjoy coding, and do a good job of combining all kinds of concepts taught in class. I always looked forward to watching his lectures. The only reason I gave this a 4 in difficulty is because of the 95% cutoff for an A.
Such a straightforward amazing prof! Everything you need to know he goes over in lecture. Never used the textbook. Tests, labs, and projects were easy and he was so helpful over email. His clear explanation of data structures helped me in my interview for my software engineering internship. Cant recommend him enough! (95% to get an A though)
Great Class and Professor. Manages to make the lectures really enjoyable through short bits on histories, funny stories, and jokes, all relating to the topic. Would also recommend watching the lectures at 1.5x speed if pre-recorded, you can still understand everything he is teaching.
JM is a great teacher whos taken well to online classes. He's prompt with his emails and does his best to explain complicated topics over email. Lectures are good. Labs/projects vary in difficulty but are doable in given time frames. 2 midterms for class that are short n sweet but still difficult. it was a fun course that was challenging. 10/10
Professor Moen is a great choice for UMN comp sci classes. He has a great sense of humor that keep lectures interesting, although I recommend watching them at 1.4x speed if they're prerecorded.
Writes code on white board (v organized, now I prefer it). Agenda and grading is very clear. Tests are short & not bad. Labs/projects vary in difficulty. Teaches at a slow-moderate pace (great for taking notes) and is very thorough and easy to understand. Will be taking csci4041 from him next semester online. A few jokes during lecture. Love Moen.
Took his class fall 2019, very enjoyable lectures, showing up was mandatory otherwise you wouldn't get the day's lecture material. Exams were easy and open note, projects were easy. Final was open note but had some questions based off some of the labs and caught us off guard as we hadn't printed those. Great and funny guy though
Moen makes me love comp sci. He's engaging, funny, and always happy to take questions during lecture. The labs and projects aren't difficult and he really tries to make them entertaining. Exams are all open note and the questions are very fair, but 95% for an A is obviously pretty high. Go to class and do the labs/projects and you'll be fine.
Great professor. Funny lectures that are paced slowly enough for you to space out once in a while and still know what's going on and not have to play catch-up. Helpful during office hours and projects are time-consuming but very doable. Open resource exams are great to have, but there is a strict cutoff for A at 95% so make sure to do your best.
I really like James' lectures. He is pretty funny and attending his lecture is just like enjoying a talk show. I had a habit to sleep for a while at noon, but to attend his lecture, I discard that habit. It is also pretty easy to get an A. You just need to attend the lectures, do the homework, go to his office hour, and take the exam, and then A.
His lectures were great; he explained all the concepts well while doing it in a fun and engaging way. Would totally take his classes again!
Moen's lectures are awesome. Super straightforward and easy to understand. His humor is very dry, but funny nonetheless. Very approachable, and his labs and projects are extremely easy.
Very good professor that explains concepts very well and covers specific examples. He sometimes makes mistakes in lectures but will not punish the class for them. Good lectures, good tests, good guy.
Fun dude. Great sense of humor, but also easy. the GOAT
Professor Moen makes algorithms easy to understand by explaining the theory behind each one, then going over examples of how they work. He's always happy to answer questions from students during class, and he does so thoroughly. He's a great professor, and I definitely recommend him.
I've taken 3 classes with Moen, and all were well carried out. Except for minor mistakes, he did a very good job presenting and connecting topics with a great sense of humor. Homework and exams were easy, but try to avoid any mistake in exams because exams are usually only 40 or 60 points. Sometimes 1 question is worth up to 25% of a midterm!
I absolutely loved Moen, in fact I'm taking a 9am class next semester for the first time in years just because he's teaching it. He had assignments every couple of weeks which were very easy, and the midterms weren't any harder. Textbook really helped, mostly because he pulled all of his materiel directly from it. Very enjoyable class!
Moen lectures and writes on the board at a pace that you can understand and write down notes at the same time which is rare for a CSCI professor. The midterms and final were heavily based on lecture notes and are open notes. Projects and labs were easy and no homework was assigned. Moen was relatively engaging with jokes and brief history tangents.
Moen's lectures are extremely helpful and also extremely engaging and fun to listen to. If he is an option for the class you are taking, get into his section asap. The only gripe I had with the class was that the grading curve is SUPER high, ie 95% is needed in the class for an A. One bad question on a midterm will probably ruin your A.
The lectures are interesting and provide much useful information.
There's no one better than this man. A real gem. All aspiring CSCI majors should take a class from him and become inspired to learn more. Incredible teaching ability and dry (but hilarious) humor. Communicates everything effectively and answers all questions. Wish more professors were like him.
Funny guy with entertaining lectures. Good at explaining what's actually happening behind the code. For the projects you get 100% as long as your code runs like it should. Tests aren't too hard.
Awesome professor who is very funny and made my mornings amazing. I hope that I can take another course with him in the future. Although the material may seem simple on the surface, it is imperative to study. However, Dr. Moen allows the use of any notes on exams, excluding electronics and books.
One of the best lecturer I've had at the U. I used the term "lecturer" instead of "professor" because he's indeed a "lecturer", and he did an excellent job of presenting materials. Of course he's not an expert in algorithms or Java, Python, but the whole point of the first algorithms course is to make sure everyone understand, and he's great.
His tests are very similar to examples done in class as well as homework. If you are comfortable with homework and attend every lecture, this class is an easy A.
Professor Moen is hands down the best lecturer I have ever had. He makes tough, boring material seem fun and genuinely interesting. At the start of every lecture he starts with an overview of what will be covered. He then proceeds to write everything on the whiteboard (as opposed to a boring powerpoint), even the code for programs! His humor A+++
Moen is one of the most clear and concise lecturer I have ever listened to. He made concepts crystal clear, and genuinely cared about the material. His sense of humor also keeps lectures interesting. I wish he could teach all of my classes.
Prof. Moen made this class easy. He also teaches 2011 this semester, and I hope I had chosen his section (not because the other professor is bad, but because I am not that clever. Moen is good at making professional stuff straightforward and easy to understand.)
I'm not a CSCI major and this stuff doesn't come as naturally for me, but Moen made this class much more doable than if someone like Carl Sturtivant was teaching (not a big fan of Carl for 2011). Excellent visualizations in lecture, nothing left unsaid, can tell he's got the whole teaching thing down to a tee.
Moen really made this class easy. He was great to listen to in lecture, for he consistently cracked jokes and clearly presented the material, despite his occasional mistakes. Tests are open notes, and the weekly homework takes about a half hour to complete. Show up to lecture and take notes, and you'll get a good grade for sure.
Great lecturer, very low workload. Definitely recommend taking classes with Moen, he makes a 4 credit class feel like a 2 credit class. Exams open note and directly based off of code covered in lectures, so go to lecture and take notes.
Going to class and taking notes is important as many of the labs are based off of in-class examples as well as tests are open notes so attending lecture is good, but not required. Great guy overall, and taking his class was a joy - it was fun, while not being too difficult and I learned a lot. Hopefully I can take more of his classes in the future.
Sadly I was only able to take one class with Moen during my time at the U but he is definitely the best CSCI professor I had during my 4 years. Very caring and understands the material well. Would have taken him for all of my classes if I could have.
One of the best professors on campus. Understands how to teach lectures. He's also insanely helpful and will respond to questions for projects quickly. His lectures aren't mandatory, the lectures are recorded but they go up 10 days after the lecture, but you won't wanna miss them. Overall I'd want him to teach all my classes.
He is the best teacher I have had. 1st year in UMN but he showed me how beautiful programming class. He clearly answered questions during class. I like the way he ask "Did I answer your question? or Does it make sense so far?" Dont hesitate to ask. He is really fun, good hand written and drawing :))
Pretty funny guy at times with solid lectures. Also some of the best handwriting I've ever seen. All of the lectures are done using example code which I found perfect for the subject. I personally didn't need to use the textbook and was able to learn it from lectures and labs alone. Very low work load, do labs, study for tests.
One of the few professors that has the mentality to teach first and researches on the side. His lectures are good and he's easy to approach. High standards for an A, compared to other classes I've taken (95%). He breaks down concepts for easy conceptualization. He also has a thing for using cats in examples.
Very interesting lecture. You will get high score in homework when following the instruction carefully. Exams are open to any paper and they are not difficult if you take good notes.
33% of your grade consists of 2 midterms. 33% the Final. 33% hw. He keeps things to the point, without making assignments or test overly difficult. Going to lecture is vital, it is not easy finding this material the way he specifically presents it elsewhere! The class isn't per say easy, but he keeps it simple, which gives off that vibe.
Definitely the best professor I've had at the U of M so far. Extremely hilarious and caring man. Lectures are very clear and are important for tests / projects. Don't bother with the textbook, not really important. Show up to lectures and you'll do fine.
Favorite professor by far. He gives great lectures (he's hilarious), and is also a genuinely nice person. I'm pretty shy, and Moen is the only professor I've had that I felt 100% comfortable asking any question to; even if it's stupid he'll give a full response until he's sure that you understand it. Work load is light, tests are fair.
Easily one of the best professors/teachers I've ever had. Extremely clearly presents concepts relevant to the course, if in a somewhat simplified manner, and everything necessary for the tests/assignments is covered in lecture; if you're taking 1913 with him, don't even bother buying the book unless you collect textbooks for some reason.
An awesome prof and an awesome course. He is very organized with what he teaches and writes very clearly on the board. His lectures are fun to attend and time worthy.
He is a very good professor
Hilarious dude. Pretty easy course too. Was fun 10/10 would recommend
Remembered that he still needed to get back to me on something at the end of the semester, and insisted on fixing it, which was very endearing. Overall, seemed very relaxed and even though his class was easy, I still came to class because his lectures were enjoyable.
This class was a breeze. I didn't like clojure much, but I still found the material worthwhile. Nice guy, was very approachable and was quick to admit his mistakes.
great lecturer, laid back, funny, good handwriting and doodling skills. This was his first time teaching 2041. Used Clojure (like the language!). No textbook thus heavily relying on the lectures. Content not hard to follow. The 3 programming projects are also fairly easy.
He's a good interesting professor. Except, and I can't believe I'm saying this, I wish the class was harder. The subject material is more interesting than the easy course material would have you believe. Other than that, good guy, take his class.
Funny and engaging even with dry material.
Best professor in CSE, imagine an easy going Carl who happen to be funny.
Took his evening class, and it was his first time teaching 4041, so there were a few hiccups. Overall, excellent professor and definitely recommend him to others. Easy to follow lectures (with very legible writing!) with many test questions and HW based off of it, so take good notes! Helpful professor to visit during office hours, but useless TAs!
A 150+ students class. It's hard to get everyone happy with the difficulty level of the class. He managed it well. You won't fail, because others are all smart and raised the average score. Instead, as long as you follow the lecture, take good note, and fully understand the hw & study guide, you will be good! Helpful OHs, don't expect from TA Sect.
He goes line by line through each data structure/ algorithm very well. The tests are easy, the projects are hard, the labs are tedious but a very small percentage of your grade. He's a great teacher and his lectures are very necessary, if you miss one good luck on that week's lab bc he usually gives you most of the code in class.
Best reason to pay attention in class are the jokes he slips regularly into his lectures. Topics are dry but he presents them well. Takes a lot of care to make sure everybody is on the same page during class. Board examples can be long and boring, but for those that need them, it is super helpful. Tests are exactly as lectures and open notes.
He loves answering questions and has a sense of "british" humour. His lectures are lucid and he puts in an inordinate amount of effort in clearing doubts. Grading is a bit hard with 95 A but his exams are exactly from the class notes (Take them!). All the grading is done by the TAs, he just "teaches". Take him!
Best CSCI lecturer I have had so far. Respects students and their questions. Slows down if we don't understand a concept. Will do more examples if we ask. Doesn't just type code and watch it compile on screen. Spends time walking through each line and demystifying any unclear concepts.
If you go to class and you take notes, you'll pass. Moen likes to give open-note exams and will rarely ask you a question on something he didn't explain in class. Lectures can be long until you appreciate his subtle jokes (often Monty Python references) and that he's better at explaining course material than many other CSCI profs.
Great professor, presented data structure and algorithm concepts clearly and answered all questions. Very approachable.
One of the best professors in the CSCI department! He is extremely willing to work with students, and his lectures are interesting and clear. His exams and homework are extremely easy and short, so it is good to be careful and make sure you review all the materials very well. He teaches very fast, and you can learn a lot from him!
He was a fantastic professor with amusing concise lectures. The test were based exactly on the lectures and were open notes. Interesting and easy courseprofessor.
Take notes and pay attention in the lectures- he will test you only on materials that he covered! His notes are amazing- you can literally copy them blindly even if you do not fully understand. Hope I get another class taught by him. Strongly recommended.
Great class. Goes into lots of detail about different parts of security.
Demanding class, worth it if you care about security. Need to know everything covered in lecture and HWs to do well on the exams, and the research project takes way longer than 50 hours. The assigned readings aren't required to do well in the class, HWs are the most interesting I've ever encountered. Go to office hours a lot.
I really like this guy. He is interesting and I learnt a lot even in the end I had to drop the course. Yes the HW, test and project is very hard, I suffered a lot.
McCamant had tried to make difficult content understandable. You will learn a lot if you want to get a good grade in his class. The tests are difficult, but if you thoroughly understand most of the content you will do fine. I thought McCamant was a brilliant professor, even though he should talk a bit slower.
Great teacher, but expects a lot out of his students. This could have easily been a 6-9 credit class. Topics change fairly drastically bi-weekly (buffer overflows, ROP, crypto, sql injection, etc etc etc). Huge amount of work (often happening in parallel) but overall a fun class.
If you really want to become a hacker, take his classes.
He's in competition for the favorite CS professor. Funny and extremely organized. Really listens to feedback. I gave a popular piazza post saying I needed more time on quizzes and he gave us 10 more mins for quizzes. Only con is the projects might be slightly too easy. I was expecting to be abused in 3081W.
second time taking class with him. I just finished his 5802 this semester and have token his 3081 last year. He is a very nice and patient professor. Projects and quizzes are fair, and not difficult if you understand his slides. The problem can be posted on Piazza, and the prof will reply really quickly. slides he made are helpful.
He is the best professor at UMN. He will consider all the details you think of, he will pre-record lab, project walkthrough video, and so on. The course design is also lively and interesting.
Great professor who made the class a lot easier
Great Comp Sci Prof! No complaints. The group project is a lot of work however. The best choice for 3081 for sure.
Mattia is one of the best professor's I've ever had. He manages to teach a lot of material in a very accessible way. He's also funny as hell. Only advice I'd give is make sure you're contributing to your projects because your group members can really choose to ding your grade if they want. Also other profs are WAY harder for this class.
Great professor. Lectures are very made very clear and are very useful/applicable. Labs facilitate learning well. Group project tasks are clear and usually reasonably defined. Put a lot of fun tidbits in lectures to improve enjoyability. Quizzes are representative of what is taught. 0 use of the textbook as all that is required is taught in lecture
Great guy and a passionate professor. Incorporated small things to make lectures more enjoyable. Projects and quizzes are fair.
The deadlines confused me a little but overall the course was great. The only thing I have to really complain about this class was there wasn't really anything in place to make sure groupmates all pulled their weight.
He's come to class dressed up as Mario and Socrates and has done other creative things that keep the content interesting and fun. He makes a point to learn everyone's names that raise their hands during class and actually remembers them later. He works tirelessly to make the class accessible and always goes the extra mile. Best professor ever!!!!!
Great professor for 3081. The quiz topics were always relevant to whatever he taught in lecture, which can't be said for many CS professors.
Amazing professor. Turned a boring class that had a bad rep into something fun and enjoyable. One of the best lecturers at the U. Highly recommend.
It's his first semester teaching and he's already the best professor here at the University. Fantastic lectures, very well constructed curriculum. If you attend the lectures and do the labs there isn't really all that much you'll need to study. There is a big group project divided into 3 parts but it is very manageable.
The dankest. First time teaching a notoriously bad CS class, and he delivered. Makes lots of pop culture references (Mario themed escape room), always stops for questions, and had recorded "interviews" with giants of software research. Getting an A is very doable with an average amount of studying. 10/10 would take again.
Great professor with interesting lectures. Most of the work was group programming project iterations but they were very doable.
A great professor that you can actually tell he cares about the subject he is teaching and making sure the students know. He made lectures interactive during COVID which is not an easy thing to do. Work was manageable & fair, really appreciated class participation as well.
Best instructor that I have taken in the U! Even though this is his first semester teaching to undergraduate, he give his best effort and nail it! He makes the lectures easy to understand and he give very good feedbacks! Instead of only lectures, he also invited speakers outside of the U to talk about the related stuff of the course. Overall best!
Extremely impressive organization and presentation of class materials and assignments. Attending lecture, while not mandatory during COVID/online, is fun because of how excited he is about the class materials.
God-tier professor. He taught 3081W for his first semester teaching and turned a notoriously bad class into a very doable and informative course. Quizzes and projects are based on lectures alone, with no tricks. It's clear that he knows the material well and he does a very good job at making it clear for everyone.
Professor Fazzini is hands down one of the best professors I've had in the computer science department. As other people have said, this was his first semester teaching so I was a bit nervous going into the semester, but he did an absolutely wonderful job. His lectures were very clear and engaging, and did an amazing job in an online format. 10/10
I was nervous about taking this class bc he's a new prof, but I'm SO glad I did. He teaches the content extremely well and gives you all the tools to complete hw and quizzes. Expectations are clear and he doesn't assign a ton of busy work. This course is notorious for being awful and I have been so pleasantly surprised, prob my fave this semester.
He's new to the U, and he's fantastic. I learned a lot more about git and other software skills relevant today in his class. I recommend taking the class if he's teaching it. He puts an amazing amount of effort to make the material, assignments, and grading standards clear and will help if you get stuck. I am amazed. He's also a LOTR fan :D.
Professor Qian explains the concepts clearly. Exams were not easy but the grades were quite generous.
The projects were tough, but Professor Qian was very understanding and adjusted the difficulty of future projects. Lectures are very easily understood and helpful. The tests are relatively easy and the Professor allowed cheat sheets.
Professor Qian is incredibly knowledgeable. I learned more than I couldve imagined by going to his office hours. But this is by no means an easy course. It will only pay off if you have enough time to study for it . Assignments are fun but very time consuming. If you are not a fan of C/C++, you may find the assignments too challenging.
Professor Qian is knowledgeable. Project is time consuming but actually fun. I think most people complained because they don't like C or C++.
Interactive classes Free marks
Great teacher, he has a lot of knowledge and knows how to express himself well, a bit harsh but it is what I would expect from someone with his knowledge
Group projects made up most of the grading (like about 50%) so make sure you have a team that's open to listening and working together! My team was very talkative about possible solutions and we all did our fair share of work. Almost every assignment was a 91.5/95 because of this level of teamwork.
Professor Wendt is my favorite professor in the CSCI department that I've had yet. He was a great lecturer; I enjoyed the fact that he could draw upon his experiences working in the industry during lecture. A lot of people give him negative reviews mostly due to CSCI3081W itself being a problematic and difficult course to teach regardless of prof
Pretty cool
I had him for 5801 and I absolutely loved the class. The course is based around a semester long group project. You have to design and build a software system, so its broken up into parts like requirements, design, coding, and testing. His lectures are very clear and easy to understand. He also gives great examples from the real world as well.
He definitely makes the course challenging, but it won't change the fact that he is a great teacher. I do have quite a bit programming before, and I take this course only to reinforce my C++, so it won't fare for me to say it is easy, but the grading is reasonably fair. I don't get why people say lectures are useless, but I actually learn a lot.
Professor Tripathi had a nice balance of coding assignments and problem-solving assignments exploring topics covered in the lecture. I would highly recommend him. Challenging, but fair, and his late work policies? Perfect!
Pros: Prof Tripathi is all around a good lecturer and a good guy. He is open to discussion on regrading / partial credit, and generally is fair. Cons: Some of his online quiz questions (multiple choice) are unclearly worded, and I lost quite a few points due to that. Ask if unsure before submitting. He also tends to interrupt - not maliciously tho.
5103 is an overview of a lot of OS topics, but Tripathi does a good job of explaining it all and connecting it together. I found his lectures entertaining and engaging. Homeworks have some interesting problems and prepare you for exams. Extremely fair late policy. He cares about students learning the material and doing well in the course.
Very nice guy, open to student's opinions. And very respectful to students. I personally like his lectures. His lectures tend to go with concepts then with implementations details. But I feel informations on linux functions is best left to the book and online docs. I would recommend him.
Professor Gini is a caring instructor who wants to see you succeed. She is generous with opportunities for extra credit and has the attitude of trying to inspire her students. I appreciate how she covers both history and emerging advancements in AI, giving perspective to problems and what we can learn from the past to apply to the future.
She is the most responsible professor I have ever seen in U. She gave very useful feedbacks. You can learn a lot from her class and easily get good grades if you work hard.
This is the easiest course I have ever taken in my life. Her lectures are outstanding and the midterms are very doable. I highly recommend anyone to take this course. Put about 3 hours of work per week for homework and writing assignments combined.
This was by far the easiest class I have ever taken and I highly recommend you do the same. Gini's lectures are incredibly easy to follow and the midterms are a breeze. Homework comes directly from lecture and you probably won't even need the book :)
She is very caring, class is an easy A, grading and extra credits are generous. Homework are due every two weeks but should require less than 30 mins of work.
Maria is a fantastic Professor. Her lectures are a bit difficult to follow, but her dedication to giving feedback and helping everyone learn is the most important aspect to her teaching style. Fair exams, interesting homework, and a sweet, caring professor. Overall, I had an great experience in her class.
Loved having her as a professor. Genuinely passionate about her work and focuses on building a strong foundation in programming concepts rather than strictly in python 3. Honest and respectful.
Great professor that is easy to go to outside of class. I slept through my final for 2041 and she gave me extra credit to do instead which bumped my grade up from a C to B. I just talked with her and she was very understanding.
Very good overall. Clear, engaging.
Professor Gini was a very good computer science instructor. You can tell she is very smart, but makes everything clear for the students. I would take more classes that she teaches.
One of my favorite professors I've had. Lectures were super chill. Projects were fun and easy.
Interesting course. Alternates between quiz and assignment every other week. Quiz is online and open for the week. Assignments have a flexible late policy and include an option to add some extra feature for extra credit ( you choose feature but some ideas are provided ). Great professor. They're kind, approachable, and knowledgable on the material.
As someone who is a compE major rather than CS, I was concerned going into this class I would struggle. However, Evan taught the class very well, had great lectures, and answered questions very fast and had a great network between Piazza and Slack set up to help out students with the assignments. Grading was based off 1 midterm, 1 final, and 6 HWs
Evan is such a great professor! A class revolving around creating video games is already cool but by including extra credit, an extra credit assignment, easy exams, no final, and 10 free late days? This class is a must. Evan deserves credit for their great work making the class so fun. He even met with me outside of class when I was struggling :)
This was the first year CSCI 4611 was taught by Evan and I must say I think he did a wonderful job. The class uses Typescript and actually allows your finished assignments to be published via a website for others to see. Definitely one of my favorite classes I have taken at the U so far! Go Evan :D
I'm not particularly interested in graphics, but Evan's 4611 class still managed to be engaging and fascinating. Lectures very clearly explain the concepts, and he is good at answering questions when they come up. Projects are fun and a good test of how well you understand the concepts, and extra credit is given for going above and beyond.
Fantastic teacher. Very well organized. Interesting projects. Good lecturer. Fair grading. Nothing bad to say about CSCI 4611 with Evan, I got a lot out of it and really enjoyed the class.
VR and 3D Interaction was by far my most favorite class taken in college, thanks to ESR. Truly an amazing class and teacher, especially considering it being online. I mean, he literally teaches you how to make your own worlds in Virtual Reality. He teaches you things about VR you'll never learn anywhere else. You will not regret taking him.
Took his class in Spring 2020. Great lectures. Classes and homework assignments are especially fun if you like gaming or are in touch with pop culture. Used online zybooks textbook. I had previous coding experience but I heard beginners like his class too. Prof suma seems like a genuinely nice guy and always open to questions and suggestions.
This class was so much fun, a good switch with corona. There was always some participation and the zybook you had to do before class. It made the class easy to learn. The first exam was a little hard with coding grammar stuff, but it got better by changing to coding only. He helps and inspires us, and excited. Labs are helpful but sometimes boring.
Kate is genuinely one of my favorite professors in the CSCI department. She is funny, light-hearted, and wickedly smart. Read the textbook, start the assignments early, pay attention in class, study early for exams (I studied for 1.5 weeks a little every day and got 99% on both), and you will be fine! :)
Prof. Jensen does a great job of explaining the lecture topics and answers student's questions very clearly. Her midterms pretty closely matched the level of the homework, so you always knew what to expect. The class averages were about 80% for most quizzes/midterms. Also, the lowest midterm and lowest two quizzes were dropped.
I find that his teaching approach is very effective as he ensures that the material is well understood. His tests are fair and go above and beyond to assist students. I highly recommend him!
Professor Tayal is an excellent instructor who consistently delivers helpful lectures. His use of the lecture slides allows for a well-rounded learning experience. I highly recommend taking this course as an introduction to machine learning techniques, as it provides a strong foundation.
Gopalan is an aquired taste for many students, as his 2041 class is extremely difficult (do NOT take this lightly). However, you will learn much more material and be able to understand concepts to an advanced level -- since Gopalan is extremely organised and gives meaningful hw. Some of his TAs however were incompenent or mean, but he is great.
Great guy! The course is a lot of work but he's very good!
One the best teachers I've had. Be prepared for hard work though.
He was great! There's a lot of resources for success in this class like Slack, office hours and quick feedback. There's quizzes and homework every week. There's also some extra weekly assignments. A lot of office hours available even on weekends (limited). His lectures and explanations were easy to follow. Labs might have you sweating though.
Professor Taylor cares a lot about students and wants CSCI 1133 to be accessible to all students. There is kind of a lot of homework, but none of it is too hard, and the abundance of TAs in the department mean that basically anytime I was struggling, there were online office hours going on. This class made me consider majoring in Computer Science.
really great professor, very kind and understanding. very clearly defined class with lots of opportunities to earn points in fun ways! really cool intro to coding for me as a psych major who hasn't done it before.
Absolutely fantastic professor, lectures were very clear even though I, admittedly, wasn't paying close attention. Had no midterms or finals, the only places where I lost points were in the quizzes.
Nate is very good at making Python easy to learn. This class is a LOT of work, but don't procrastinate and you'll be fine. Go to office hours and use Slack to get answers to your questions in minutes. Very easy to get help when you need it. If you put in the work, you'll easily get A's on the quizzes/homework/labs. No tests, finals, or midterms!
When you have the chance to take his class, Nate is the best professor. He knows what he is doing, so you can't go wrong with him.
Really easy class, engaging and clear lectures, best introduction to coding you can get. Knowledgeable, funny, and prepared - there's nothing more you could ask from a professor and a course, highly recommend.
Professor Nathan is an absolute gem. He is perfect in every aspect of teaching. Confused on something? Go to his slack channel and he will respond in under a few hours. He explains concepts extremely well. If you are a beginner in programming, Nathan is the perfect person to introduce you to it. MSG TO NATHAN: PLEASE TEACH 4041 AND OTHER UP DIV!
Amazing professor. Made coding Python very accessible and easy to understand, while also giving fun, challenging HW that make you think and reason. He's also very inclusive, takes feedback, and can be very funny. Great experience, and very glad that I took his class.
The best, no complaints. Not sure if he will teach 4041 again but be sure to take him if he does
Nate does a super great job with lectures, and always has well thought-out examples and connections to material that makes it easier to understand. Small in-class "attendance" questions happen daily, so attendance is somewhat required; he also teaches under a "drops" system. Overall, funny guy and very good prof--
Professor Taylor is an incredible teacher, and the perfect person to introduce you to the world of coding. His lectures are fantastic, he is very knowledgeable in the subject, and he always asks if anyone has questions. I would love to take him again, he is the best professor I have had at the U of MN so far.
this is my second class with prof taylor, as always,AMAZING. every lecture is clear, the HW is based on the lectures, a quiz every 2 weeks and weekly assigmenets , no mid terms or finals tho. I recommend him to each person who takes CSCI courses.
Professor Taylor builds on concepts in a way that makes them very easy to understand, and the homework and weekly lab create great problem solving skills. The class is overall really easy and you don't need to put in a ton of effort to do well.
I have not much to say other than that Nathan Taylor is one of the best professors I have ever had. He is very approachable, class is incredibly fair, so if you're even mildly interested in Comp Sci I highly recommend 1133, even just for fun. I had the night long lecture from 6:30-9:00pm but loved it, and he mostly kept my attention the whole time.
Needless to say, his course is easy, and you can understand everything clearly.
Great professor. Super organized and knows how to run an introductory computer science class well. Definitely recommend.
Helpful didn't use him too much though. Except for labs you don't really need to show up unless you want a slightly easier lecture question. Could hire better TAs, constantly argued about proper coding standards until I gave up and did it wrong just to get marked off. Challenge isn't extra points but you can't skip it otherwise points are docked.
Professor Taylor is seriously a God, best Professor I've had yet. Young mindset, knows what he's doing, gives great lectures and examples, great clarifications, etc. you name it. The material in the course is taught at a reasonable pace, and it's important you understand concepts before moving on, otherwise it can get tricky. Great class overall!
I can't recommend Prof. Taylor enough. He's great at explaining complicated topics, and very accessible outside of class. I highly recommend anyone coming into CSCI 1133 without coding experience to take CSCI 1135, the additional 1 credit add-on to 1133. It definitely helps you develop the problem solving mentality needed for computer science.
Get you and your CLA friends to take this class, changed my entire path through college and made me change my major. Amazing
Great CSCI professor.
Professor Taylor is one of the best Professors I've had in college. For CSCI 1133, there were no midterms or large exams - instead, your grade is based on homework, quizzes, and labs (one of each every week). There are also a ton of TAs to help you and almost always office hours happening for any given time on a weekday.
Wish I could have taken 2011 with him as well. Nathan is the professor that made me feel a lot more confident about my CSCI skills and I am certain I wouldn't be as far into the major as I am now without his amazing teaching. Forever grateful to have such a great experience!
Amazing professor overall. Assigns just the right amount of work without it being overwhelming. Also has great lectures.
Nate is a freaking god at explaining concepts which made it super easy to digest his lectures. Definitely attend his office hours or send him an email if you need help (if the latter, he's super quick to respond--much appreciated). He genuinely wants his students to succeed. Weekly homework and quizzes and one in-class exercise per lecture.
Amazing class. wasn't to confident in taking a coding class for the first time, but Prof taylor made the class so clear and was very patient with those who needed extra explanation. When he says he doesn't expect you to know anything he means it. Great professor. Great class. Definitely worth the time. No paper tests, just homework and quizzes
Great professor, knowledgeable, awkwardly funny, no final, easy class, 10/10. Attendance is worth 10% of grade.
Well structured class. No one can speak wrong about this professor. He has an accessible way to receive answers anonymously, offers support through emails, the structure of the class leaves you learning the subject even when you think you arent because youre constantly testing your knowledge through the homework, lab, and quiz. TAs are 10/10.
Professor Taylor is the best. The layout of the class was amazing. Office hours (online & in person) are available most of the time. Lectures were uploaded online with make-up exercises to get points back if you missed the in lecture questions (3 or less a week). Homework was challenging, but OH was extremely helpful. Labs were pretty fun.
This is probably one of the easiest classes I've taken in both high school and college. I showed up to like two lectures all year since Prof. Taylor posts his lecture notes online. Doing the textbook and exercises made the homework and labs easy and the weekly quizzes even easier. Despite this, I still felt like I learned a ton for an intro class.
If you have no coding experience, I would definitely recommend Professor Taylor for this intro class. There is a lot of information, but he explains everything really well. He posts lecture videos online, so missing class is not a big deal. This was by far the most fun and easiest class I took this semester. Overall great class.
The best cs course instructor! Nate is very responsible and always responds to emails in a timely manner. Grading is based on assignments, tests, and labs, etc. You can drop 2 times the lowest grade, highly recommended!
The material was explained clearly and grading criteria were easy to understand. Nathan was scary at first, but he really is a kind professor who cares about all of his students. Pro tip: review the in-class examples if you're struggling with understanding concepts before a quiz!
Although he can come off as a little gruff/annoyed, he is actually super caring and funny in a deadpan kind of way. Great at teaching. Make sure to work through the examples he gives in class and actually try on all the homeworks + labs and you'll be fine. Just keep in mind that if you miss 3 labs you fail, so DO NOT miss labs if you don't have to.
Nathan is an awesome professor! Not a science person, but loved his class. Explains things super well and as many times as needed. Very open to feedback and was super flexible. As long as you put the time in you can do well
Amazing professor! Super understanding and helpful- goes over everything in depth and has lots of dropped assignments/labs. He's super responsive to the classes feedback too. If something isn't working for the class he would change/fix it! Definitely one of the best profs I've had. Learned a lot and really got me interested in CSci :)
G.O.A.T. NOTHING BUT G.O.A.T.
Nate was an amazing professor. VERY responsive when you need to ask a question, and although he can seem a little tough, he's very kind and caring (and responds to emails SO fast). Makes the course clear, and makes the course a great indicator about whether you will like or not like computer science. Take him if you can!
Nate is phenomenal. His lectures are great, and he does a good job of breaking concepts down into clear steps.
Nate Didn't show specific compassion throughout but instead made the overall grading criteria lenient enough so that if you had any issues going on in your life you could take some time off and still pass the course(lots of drops!) Overall understanding professor who explains well. The class is structured in a way that guarantees success/learning!
Very down-to-earth professor who explains the intro programming concepts very clearly allowing many people such as myself with zero background in coding or comp sci to succeed very easily. Very funny and very easy to access help in the class as well.
He's the future of the csci department of umn. I've never met this kind of professor ever. You will never regret whatever his class. Can't say enough how perfect is he. JUST TAKE WITH HIM.
Nate's slides are incredibly detailed and extremely good for looking back on to review for homework/quizzes. Although I said attendance is non-mandatory, he does have in-class exercises that are a good chunk of the grade - so it's not smart to skip, but honestly I didn't want to; he's a great professor and a great person in general. Defo recommend
Nate is a great guy and his lectures are very helpful. I took CSCI 1133 with no programing background and it turned out to be one of my favorite classes in the U. True, it's time consuming but you can easily manage to get an A if you put effort to understand the material.
Easily the best teacher I've had at the UMN. Engaging lectures, clearly laid out syllabus for the year. We had to make the swap to online classes halfway through the semester due to COVID-19 and it hardly impacted the flow of the class.
Nate was a great prof. He explained material very clearly and had straightforward homework and exams. The class has a huge network of TA's so between him and the TA's, there was always someone available to talk with to clear up any confusion.
Nathan Taylor is a funny and really down to earth professor. His grading criteria is super clear, and he responds very quickly and is actually helpful. Lectures are always pretty interesting and he breaks everything down and offers many examples to make sure you really understand. Highly recommend.
Nathan Taylor is so good! He only gives out 3 midterms and no final, and the grade is heavy on HW, which gets easy if you spend time on it right away. The TAs and Nate are very helpful, and they are basically giving feedback 24/7.
This class is very bi-modal, meaning that some people just don't get computer science and therefore struggle to do well. Nate is one of the most caring prof that I've met, he truly cares that his students do well, so definitely reach out when you're struggling and he'll help. The class is easy as long as you stay on top of the weekly assignment.
Nate was always prepared for lecture and made all of the topics interesting! Each lecture has a participation question which you can't get unless you attend lecture. Weekly homework assignments are easy to complete and get an A on if you start early. Each of the three midterms (there is no final) were fair. Would highly recommend this course!
In my two and a half years at the U, Nathan has been the best professor I've had. Take any class you can with him! He cares almost too much about his students. He responds to emails within minutes (even if it's very late in the night) with very helpful feedback and his humor keeps lectures interesting.
Professor Taylor is truly special. I came into the U without quite knowing what I wanted to do and professor Taylor was such an incredible and inspiring instructor that I changed my major to Computer Science. He is respectful to his students and is probably the best professor you can take at the U.
Nathan Taylor is by far the best professor that I've ever had. The class is structured extremely well for those new to programming with numerous assignments to help solidify content. He is a wonderful teacher and kept the class interesting. I would recommend this class for anyone remotely interested in this subject that like to problem solve.
He is the best. He puts a lot of work on preparing for the class. He explains everything very clear. If you can take him. I recommend him 100%. He is awesome.
I love this guy. I hadn't gotten an A in a CS class for two years until I took 4041 with him. He's hilarious and gives super engaging lectures with awesome slides, so it's easy to pay attention. Programming assignments were just challenging enough to feel accomplished after completion. If you ever have the opportunity, take your class with him.
Nate is so nice and always accessible, whenever you try to reach him, he will replay your email as soon as possible, his office hour is useful!
Nathan is the best professor in the whole CS department. He is humorous and knowledgeable. He inspires me a lot and I love to learn whatever he teaches.
The best professor ever!
BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER MET. TAKE WITH HIM IF YOU CAN. HE IS THE BEST IN THE CSCI DEPARTMENT.
After 3 years in CSCI at UMN, Nathan is my favorite professor I've had. It probably helps that 4041 is not all that difficult, but he is fantastic at teaching it. All hand made, really detailed slides and examples. Engaging homework which was fun, rewarding, and had the perfect level of difficult. I would guess I at least smirked in every lecture.
Great class, real world applications. Nathan really cares because he's not tenured so he makes the lectures good. Also a pretty funny young guy. Take it with him for a good class.
Nate was great at presenting the material, and always starts out his lectures re-explaining things students told him they were confused about. Also takes feedback seriously and will adjust his teaching daily. I was able to skip the last two weeks due to various lowest score drops. He's hilarious too. Avoid other CSCI professors at all costs.
Nathan is a great lecturer. He is very knowledgeable of the subject and you can tell he enjoys teaching it. He is funny as well which makes class more fun to attend. His grading structure is set up in a way that makes it hard to earn a poor grade in the class. He also constantly reads feedback and is trying to improve his lectures, which is great.
Nate is amazing. He's relatable, smart, and funny. Makes lectures fun and has amazing slides. Can drop a lot of assignments and the programming assignments are insanely easy. I didn't stress about this class and felt like I learned a lot more because of it. No final either. Take this class and any others with Nate!
100% the best professor I've had here. If you have the opportunity to take any class with him do It it will make you actually enjoy comp sci again. Programming Assignments are in python. Those and the written assignments can get to be pretty tough but nate is such a good teacher you should do just fine if you go to lecture. Great slides too!
Prof. Taylor's lectures help make the content much clearer than the textbook, and his presentations are very good, especially to reference. He is very responsive outside of class and responds to emails with detailed, nice responses to any questions. The class was very nice with weekly assignments and biweekly quizzes. There were no exams.
This sem was Nate's 1st time teaching 2011- couldn't have gone better. His dedication to teaching/computer science was clear in his extensive slides, and I really feel like I'm leaving the class with some serious new knowledge. I was never once scared of the class (unlike lots of others in this dept). Nathan rocks. Take him if at all possible!!!
Nate does a great job. He incorporates a great sense of humor into his lectures, and covers all quiz materials in class. Assignments make up majority of your grade; these questions closely resemble ones in the textbook. Must show up to class/discussion sections for participation points.
Class is kind of tough but Nathan is a very good professor. 2nd best professor that I have had at the U. His lectures go quite fast most of the time but if you listen and write fast you will do well.
Professor's Taylor's lectures are entertaining as well as informative. He does an excellent job being both terrifying and also approachable. He just seems gruff because he is tired from staying up late personally answering students emails, visiting discussions to check on the TA's and students. Work load is a steady amount of smaller assignments.
Really enjoyed 4041 with him. About the only thing I can think of is that's it's slightly difficult to review the slides outside of lecture. They're kind of designed for in lecture logic of going through how the algorithms work.
I was worried because I could not find any ratings on him but he was one of the best professors I have had at the U so far. His lectures are great and memeingful, he responds to emails very quickly and he loves to answer questions. Quizzes every other week, 1 Group Writing assignment and 1 Programming Assignment each week very doable.
Had two one-point exercises per lecture. There were enough drops that missing a few lectures wasn't a big deal, but definitely don't make a habit of it. He is a pretty good lecturer: interactive and had killer slides. Regular homework: 1 programming, 1 written assignment per week, but so long as you understand the material, they're not hard at all.
This has been my easiest class at the U but I still learned a lot. I was initially worried about this class because it was his first time teaching. However, I had no reason to be worried.. Nathan Taylor is a good lecturer, with one of the best slide sets I've seen. He's extremely approachable and seems to have office hours every single day.
Nate made this class extremely fun and easy to follow. His lectures were really clear and he uploads his detailed slides which is really helpful for review. Skimming the textbook for an algorithm's pseudocode is the most amount of work you'll have to do in this class. Would highly recommend, probably my favorite csci class/prof I've taken.
Nathan's lectures were really easy to follow. He usually includes funny jokes or examples to keep you interested. His homework was a slight challenge but never something that reading the book couldn't fix. Discussions were a little bit more than was required - but were still slightly helpful. Quizzes are easy as long as you do the practice quizzes.
Really awesome guy. He kinda seems grumpy, but has an excellent sense of humor and includes cool memes in his lectures. The way he presents the material is easy to understand and the way the class is structured allows for an easy 'A'. 10/10 would take a class with him again.
Nathan's lectures were extremely clear and organized. The class itself was easy - there were biweekly quizzes with straightforward study guides (and no final!) I learned a lot but didn't feel stressed about the class - 10/10 would recommend. Plus, Nathan is hilarious.
Taylor makes lectures enjoyable and is super at organizing.
Hilarious, down-to-earth teacher who manages to somehow make a CSCI lecture interesting while connecting with students. Clear grading rubric that allows you to drop quizzes/assignments coupled with easy homework/tests makes for a relatively easy class. Would highly recommend for everyone
This was his first semester teaching this class, and I loved every moment of having him as my professor. His lectures are really easy to follow, and he makes the algorithms really easy to understand. Furthermore, the grading criteria for the class makes it a very easy A with little effort outside of class. Definitely take this class with Nate.
I don't see him during the lectures since another lecturer is giving the lecture, but go to his office hours if you need help. He would definitely help you out!
2021 is a notoriously hard class and I was hesitant to take with Exley since it's his first semester. However, he is a great professor; his lectures are interesting even when the topics are not, and the projects / tests / labs (similar to Kolb's classes) have not been too bad if you go to lecture. Overall great and I would recommend 2021 with him.
Had Exley in Spring 2023 - one of my favorite classes! Essentially an "Algorithms in AI" course with a sprinkling of other material. Final Project was very open-ended which let me pick something I was legitimately interested in. Either read all of the assigned book chapters or attend lectures and you should learn all of the tested material.
I had prof Exley for 1133 back in spring 2021 as my first introduction to CS. In spring 23, I took 4511w and thought the name seemed familiar. I was pleasantly surprised to recognize him. He's a really cool person and 4511w had some of my favorite lectures ever. I normally sleep through lecture, but his kept me engaged. You can tell he really cares
I took this class over the summer, so the entire thing was shoved into about 6 weeks. This was my first computer science course and I loved it! The professor explained the material very well. There were no tests, just homework assignments, labs, and readings. A couple of the homework assignments were pretty difficult, but they were graded fairly.
Andy was great at introducing me to Python, & helped me pick it up super quickly. I actually had one 3 hour lecture a week, and although everyone warns against that, he made it manageable with a balanced mix of organized notes on the board and code examples for us to try on the screen. He's also a funny guy. I love a lecturer with a sense of humor.
One of the best CS professors I have had at the U. He clearly knows what he is talking about and enjoys discussing NLP. I went into this class with 0 knowledge of NLP and actually had a great time learning and working on the programming assignments. Exams were open notes and we were given multiple days to complete them.
Professor Exley is a great lecturer. His lectures were clear and helped fill in the gaps from the textbook. His class was extremely organized, which made it very easy to learn and get a good grade. TA's and office hours were also very easy to access and very helpful.
Good explanations for students new to programming. Weekly homework criteria was very clear and along with the labs made for a fun weekly programming challenge. Zybook graded textbook readings were required and account for the majority of your grade. One 3-per-week reading affects your grade the same as one of the weekly quizzes.
Such a great professor! I had him for 1133 and he was super nice and clearly explained all of the topics. Great experience!
A lot of work, but a fun class
An amazing professor for 4211. 4211 is a lot of information and can be a heavy subject. Expect to put in effort including textbooks & lectures. I had her in her first year of teaching and she displayed effective instruction. She is very accommodating and caring. Her first priority is your learning and her class structure reflects that!
Professor Ramadan is truly one of the best professors I have ever had during my undergraduate. She is extremely accommodating and respectful towards every student and actually takes our feedback into account. She was able to clearly explain every topic we covered in class in sufficient detail which allowed me to perform exceptionally in this class.
Really helpful.
She is very helpful and nice. Offers a lot of extra credit opportunities and extends deadlines if needed. Best instructor for 4211.
Probably the best professor I've taken at the U so far. Definitely the hardest grader. Learned a ton in this class. People have different opinions about the difficulty of this class. I thought it was pretty difficult myself, but I took it as a Junior.
Ravi explains the concept clearly. His slides are self-contained. You can understand the material pretty well if you can follow the lecture even without reading the textbook. The grading has no curve, so it can be difficult to get an A.
Very clear and engaging lectures
The homeworks are pretty big and they are defintely not easy, but you have plenty of time to work through them and his office hours are fantastic. He explains the content very well, and if you are willing to put the work in on homeworks, the grading scale is lenient enough for you to pass the class easily
The best way to get a feel for Prof. Janardan is through an example. Before classes were moved online, Prof. Janardan would write notes on a whiteboard. However, when the switch to online classes occured, he prepared beautiful, detailed slides for every lecture. You'll seldom find a professor as dedicated to their students as Prof. Janardan.
Best class I have taken so far!
Janardan has a passion for the material, and it shows. He's easily accessible and well prepared, though he expects everything to be by the book. The class isn't anywhere as hard as other raters make it; most graduate students coast through.
One of the most challenging courses during my Master's, CSCI 5421 under Ravi Janardan was also the most enlightening course. Going in-depth while teaching some key concepts of algorithms, extensive explanation (but at a rapid pace, blink and you miss) of interesting sections, fairly challenging closed-book tests are some of the highlights here.
Really work hard to get an A-, though it's easy to get an A on other classes with same efforts. Ravi's class is quite different and so are the exams. If you want to learn something and don't care about grades, take his adv. algs, otherwise take others.
The professor is excellent but the exams and grading is brutal. If you miss class more than a few times you will fail, simple as that. This might be the most difficult class I've ever taken, and my lowest grade ever, but I would say worth it
He's the best professor I've ever worked under. Amazing, clear cut explanations, awesome (but very tough) assignments
Very good professor, really knows the subject manner and very good at communicating in a clear manner. Very accommodating and willing to help. Homework was tough sometimes, the midterm quizzes were pretty easy, and the final was a little tricky. As others have said the material isn't tough but the applications can be.
Grading is simple- no curve, defines the scale ahead of time. Weekly homework and biweekly quizzes, no drops. Clear teacher in lectures and willing to help in office hours and after class. Tests were all reasonable, material isn't difficult but the logic can get difficult.
Excellent professor! Prof. Janardan is incredibly smart and knowledgeable. His lectures are valueable as he takes time to prepare for lectures, ensures the students are grasping the concepts, and thus delivers well put presentations of the material. He expects high performance from all his students, and the course is not curved (i.e. 93% for an A).
Prof Janardan knows his stuff and he's really good at explaining it. His class is a hard one, though. There are easy bi-weekly quizzes, but the homework can be quite challenging. All quizzes and tests are open book, which is quite nice. The material is very abstract and sometimes hard to get a handle on unless you have a good understanding of math.
Exceptionally clear, systematic lessons (they move slowly sometimes, but that's okay). In grading, Janardan emphasizes frequent quizzes and homework over heavily-weighted exams. I appreciate his willingness to respond to my questions over e-mail. Most other professors simply route students to the TAs, but Janardan always wrote me nice responses.
He is a smart guy that explains the material well. He is straightforward with the teaching. Unlike some other professors in the Univeristy's CompSci department, he does not show much of his personality in his lectures, but rather is just there to make sure you learn. I would strongly recommend any class he is teaching.
This course covers many advanced algorithm and data structure topics. It is very fundamental and useful. Prof. Janardan enjoys teaching this course, and the lectures are well structured. He replies students' questions quickly. This is not a course you could get A easily, but a course you could learn not only 'what' but also 'why'.
No Comments
Prof. Deutsch is very knowledgeable in data science. This course is very well-structured, and the professor gives a great overview of the prerequisites at the beginning of the course. Knowing how to code in Python is a must. I recommend this course for a great introduction to data science.
This course is definitely difficult, but learned many useful things.
Rui is a great professor. He explained all the questions with patience.
This professor is easily one of the best I have ever had. It was clear he wasn't trying to fail the students even though most introductory courses are weed out courses. He gave us many opportunities to do really well in his course offering retakes at the end of the semester. If you study the content and understand the HW questions, you will do well
good professor
Describes topics well, challenging yet appropriate homeworks, and difficult final exam.
Great professor!!!
Professor Favonia is a very forgiving grader. As a lecturer he is one of the funniest professors out there as he is very relatable in his approach to the content. While he is a good lecturer, sometimes it felt as though all of the content covered in the class was not all relevant, but I would still recommend.
Favonia was a really great professor, the way he set up the class was also very forgiving with many options for redos of the assignments and midterms. He was very organized on Canvas and it was very helpful that he recorded lectures for reference outside of class!
Favonia is an amazing professor for 2041. He has a very forgiving grading system and really prepares you for midterms if you pay attention in lectures. I saw some people complain about his lecture style on here but personally the following along with his code as he gave examples to the topics we were discussing really helped.
He explained everything clearly. I love his lectures! so easy to understand. I think he cares about students so much, and always replied when we had questions.
Absoulute G
The best prof I've ever had!! Fun lectures. He explained everything very clearly. He put effort into us and even replied on Discord. He even replied to my lame question.
Very easy grading, fun lectures, very flexible about deadlines. Genuinely cares about their classes. Would highly recommend Favonia if you have a chance to take this class with them!
Professor Favonia puts in more work than I've ever seen another professor put into lecture preparation. He polled the class multiple times throughout the semester to determine what things he could improve or what parts of the content should receive more focus in lectures. His lectures are interesting and funny.
Lots of extra credit, generous late homework policy. Good presentation of the basics of the content. Pretty strict about how concretely they can help with homework, leaving specific applications of the content as an exercise to the student, but in a good way that helped the learning process. Generous grading allows plenty of room for mistakes.
I thought Favonia's course was great. Lectures were good, lots of extra credit opportunities, and a well organized course despite the understandable hiccup we had later in the semester
One of the best professors I've had. Lectures are concise, edited videos that are delivered well, and communicate the information well. Homework was relatively easy. Lots of extra credit - finished the class with 106% or so. 5 late days for HWs which was nice. Favonia clearly knows a lot about the subject, and about cares about their students.
A kind person who cares about students. He allows 5 days late assignments, understandable.
Although Ocaml is a hard programming language, He boils it down to a level you can comprehend. Make sure you do homework bcs they weight heavy grades.
Although his syllabus is controversial because of some weird grade formula, he gives good notes for the content. If you could learn by yourself, you could skip lectures and learn his note. Homeworks is the most important part of his class, take care of the homework.
Not a tough grader. You have many extra credits. Easy to get an A if you really spend some time on it. Ocaml is sometimes hard but acceptable.
Professor Sun makes this class incredibly accessible and easy to follow along. It is clear in the grading criteria and the projects that he cares more about student comprehension of the materials rather than making sure students can spit out certain answers for a test. Highly recommend for this class.
ju sun obvious knows what he is teaching, and its clear he it quite passionate about it. but his style of lecturing was quite confusing for me, but luckily the material wasnt that hard tbh. everything was open notes and textbook, he lets you drop few quizzes and a project, and he gave a few extra credit. 10/10 if he lectured slightly cleaner
Professor Sun really want to improve the students' experience in class. The class is actually organized. The quizes and assignments are easy as long as you do the homework after each class. The assignment is using python, which is very helpful to students because we will learn about a very popular machine learning package "Numpy".
Very well paced lectures and his explanations are very clear as he explains each concept in multiple ways. He prereleases some textbook reading for us to read ahead (not mandatory), which I found very helpful.
This is the best course at UoM in modern deep learning, covering both theory and applied components. The course was math-heavy and intense, and I find the professor very dedicated.
Very recommend this course if you are interested in machine learning!
Professor is great, personable, and is very passionate about teaching things right. His lectures are more oriented towards theory, focus more on subtle details, and ensure that students understand the concepts and comprehend the intuition behind the ideas. His office hours are beneficial, and I would definitely recommend taking his class.
For the course: Reads from slides, vague grading criteria. The bigger picture: as an intro course, he covers a wide breadth of material with practical knowledge everywhere. Covers lots of technologies and the cutting edge. Very knowledgeable and nice professor. If you want to learn the right mindset for DB technologies, this is the class to take.
GREAT PROFESSOR ! LECUTURE DOES GET BORING IF YOU DONT READ THE CHAPTER BEFORE YOU GO TO CLASS. SPECIALLY MEGHNA , TA FOR THIS CLASS. YOU SEND HER EMAIL AT MID NIGHT SHE WILL RESPOND. SHE IS ALWAYS AVAILABLE SHE IS THE BEST. I SEE SO MANY PPL HERE SAYING BAD THINGS I GUESS THEY DIDN'T DO WELL IN CLASS. FOR THAT BLAME URSELF NOT THE PROFESSOR.
Amazing professor! His lectures put theory to practice. Show up, pay attention & take notes to do well on the tests.
Clear lectures with adequate examples. I liked his class and will definitely recommend to my friends.
He is incredible, you learn so much from him and he enjoys what he is teaching. I will take his class again.
Excellent teacher! Tough home works, but easy exams and it was fun to attend his classes. I loved it.
Great Professor. He gives you enough time to complete your work and gives you feed back on what you did wrong so you know how to improve yourself. Will definitely recommend his class.
BEST TEACHER EVER!!! The material was challenging but he was very helpful! He is energetic and fun. If you study you will get an A.
Excellent teacher, I would take him for every class he teaches. You will have fun and also learn a lot. Take him and you wont regret it.
I highly recommend taking his class because he explains everything and his quizzes and exams are fair.
Lots of home works and easy exams. If you follow his class, you can do well.
Great teacher !
His exams are difficult, however, if you study the material properly which he teaches in the class, you should be able to get through the exam. I am ok with his teaching as such.
I think his teaching is very practical and helped me understand database system design from a practical stand point. I would take his class again ! However, I prefer if he can use the board little more than the presentations while explaining key concepts.
No Comments
Sam was a great professor for CSCI 1913. His lectures were very understandable and he provided plenty of examples of what he was talking about in his lecture slides, on top of the base theorems and ideas that he was teaching. The homework, labs, and projects are not that bad and you can ask for help if you are stuck. Overall, great experience.
Well presented material in lecture. Don't forget to do the weekly quizzes, which are very on-topic.
very easy yet educational class. professor was straight-forward, helpful, and gave good pointers on progressing on the compsci track.
The Prof really knows what he is teaching and is very engaging. One of the best professors U of M has to offer. I would say the Zybook is crucial to understand the topics especially if you don't have much experience of coding. Make sure you are following along the class because they build on top of each other.
Lectures are informative and broken down to make more sense of CSCI topics regardin Python. Haven't talked to the professor personally but he seems like a really nice guy who's passionate about computer science. Class layout is pretty straight forward and homework is time-consuming but easy as long as you attention in lectures. Would recommend!
Great professor, gave good feedback, answered all questions, did not make anyone feel dumb which is important for a STEM class.
The class is extremely straightforward, Sam is a very to the point instructor and the class is organized really well.
Awesome professor. Be sure to get Samuel if you wanna do this class.
The GOAT. Had him for 2021 too. Start the projects early and you'll be fine.
start projects early !!!!!!
there was this Carlson student who would pull up to lectures with her coloring hw and she got an A. I feel like I put in way more work and still ended with a B
As a business major, this class took A LOT more work than I'm used to!!! I was shook how much work CSCI students have to put in. Anywho I did get an A but no more CSCI minor for me (maybe) this was too traumatizing
Extremely skilled lecturer, and the class setup was reasonable but I am personaly not a fan of CSCI labs in general. Also, on exam review days he would get extremely sassy about questions?? Not even really a complaint just thought it was funny.
Exams were extremely difficult and very specific. Final average was less than 50% with no curve whatsoever I literally cried about it all throughout break
omg i've never studied more in my life and still got a lower grade! this class is humbling but if you like being humbled he's the perfect prof otherwise RUNNNN
He is a good professor. The only reason that I got a B+ is that I didn't work hard enough. If I took 2021 with another professor, I probably get a much lower grade.
Best professor I've had yet. Made 2021 not just tolerable, but enjoyable throughout. Would absolutely take him again if I ever get the chance.
Not an easy class, but an interesting one and very well-designed one. Cares a lot about the subject and explains it in a clear and engaging way.
As a first semester transfer student coming here in search of better professors, Kolb is exactly what I was looking for. Straightforward lectures begin with a brief review of previous material. All recorded and posted online. Homework, labs, and projects made topics more understandable and genuinely fun to learn about. My best CS professor so far.
Lecture starts with a quick 5 min review of last lecture to refresh your memory followed by new content and an exercise. He also posts his lectures online in case you miss. His grading criteria is very clear so there is no confusion when you get your grade back. Projects are difficult but putting in the effort gets you there in the end. Great Prof
He was a phenomenal lecturer, very very good explanations of everything.
I highly, highly recommend professor Kolb. He extremely professional and he delivers his lectures with a clarity that that would close to impossible to rival. Even though each lecture is brimming with new concepts and ideas, he teaches in a way such that you can't help but understand. Beyond impressed. 10/10 recommend taking a class with him.
He's amazing. And incredibly smart. If he taught a class entirely on assembly, I would take it. Not because I like assembly (I detest it), but because he's so good at teaching. There's no assembly in 4061, thankfully. Regardless the concepts can be pretty challenging, but he's patient and explains it so clearly during class and office hours.
Professor Kolb is smart, professional, and caring. He has the best lecture slides and explains things very clearly. Lectures and labs were very useful and interesting. PS: his ampersand is kinda funny.
Kolb's lectures are content heavy and slides have a lot of information, but he does a fantastic job explaining the concepts and using examples. Lecture videos are posted online and labs/projects are straightforward, so the class itself is structured very well. Lab attendance is mandatory (unfortunately) but it was useful for learning the content.
Best professor in the CSCI department.
Looks like Alfredo Linguini. Cool guy.
Jack runs this course like a well-oiled machine. Does exceptionally well in explaining a vast array of content and is clearly very knowledgeable on a large variety of topics. Exams and projects are difficult but reasonable, labs and homework's help reinforce learning. Extra bonus points goes to recorded lectures and hosting review sessions.
The course is super well organized, and nothing in terms of grading, expectations, or deadlines is up for interpretation. Lectures were clear and to the point, labs and homework served as great practice and not busy work, and the projects were great. Jack Kolb is the man himself.
Kolb is amazing. He was so accommodating to me when I was facing hardships, you can tell he cares about his students and wants them to do well. He's also wicked smart and explains things clearly; anything you don't understand the first time, he can clear up for you during office hours. Seriously this man is a legend and needs a raise.
Probably the best professor I have encountered in the CSCI department so far ! Stellar lectures with attention to every detail of the subject covered. Teaching style very similar to Professor Kaufman. Interesting projects. Learned a lot of important OS concepts.
Professor Kolb's 4061 is structurally an extension of Kauffman's 2021, with more of the grade coming from projects. 4 projects totaling 35% of the grade, 2 midterms at 12.5% each, and 1 final worth 15%. The rest of the course is mostly free points. There were some bumps, but he is still a new professor and was responsive when dealing with them.
I had Prof. Kolb for both CSCI 2021 and 4061. Both times he has been absolutely wonderful! I cannot recommend him enough. His lectures are clear and paced well and he conveys the information very well. Projects are tough but are a great way to learn the material. Labs and quizzes are perfect supplemental material and the Exams build on everything.
Very similar teaching style to Kauffman which is a great thing! I cannot recommend him enough. Lectures are clear and give you everything you will need to know for projects and tests.
Professor Kolb gives great lectures. He seems to make his own slides, and he always reviews what he taught from the previous lecture while being able to cover what he needs to cover. He allows notes in exams and is very understanding of students. His projects are fun and practical, though sometimes a little challenging.
Professor Kolb is by far my favorite CSCI professor at the U (Took 2021 and 4061 with him). He is incredibly knowledgeable about the topics he teaches and has always been available to help. Projects are time intensive and tough, so get working on them as soon as possible. If you have the chance to take one of his classes, do it.
Amazing Professor, I would highly recommend taking the class with him. Make sure to attend the lectures - his lectures are dense but also very helpful. Having taken both Kolb and Kauffman, I would say they are very similar however I think Kolb is slightly better.
Professor Kolb is an excellent teacher. His class is very well-paced and he's always willing to help students succeed. He seems to be well aware that CSCI2021 and CSCI4061 can be tough for students. He takes the time necessary to ensure that everyone understands a concept rather than flying through lectures.
I am gonna keep this short. Jack Kolb is an amazing professor and a very good person. If you get an opportunity to take a class with him do not pass it.
My favorite prof, by far. Lectures are engaging (only class where I don't watch the clock!). I wish more content was covered though, as class sometimes feel a little slow. Homework isn't always helpful. Labs are hit or miss and sometimes not covered by the lecture material. Get an early start on projects, since office hours gets overwhelmed fast.
He was a great professor. He made sure we all understood the material and was able to answer any question that people had. I 100% would recommend taking a class taught by him.
Lectures are nice and easy to follow. There were 3 exams + 5 big projects + weekly homeworks and weekly lab assignments, so this class was a lot of work. But Kolb makes it easier to understand and he can be flexible with deadlines. Imo the textbook was optional, it can give you more understanding, but you could still pass the class without it.
Lectures are well thought out and well-constructed. This semester lectures were uploaded online after the fact in case you missed one. I'd recommend going in person but to each their own. Professor Kolb is very approachable and flexible on deadlines if you communicate ahead of time.
I actually felt like I was learning from Carl. He generally teaches enough in lecture to get a start on the homework but you will have to think about things before you can do the hw. He has 7-8 hws worth 8% of your grade each and a final which is quite easy worth 30%.
I've made an effort to seek out Sturtivant, after taking 2033 last spring. He believes in heavily theoretical lectures, hard homeworks (with low weight), and easy tests (with high weight), so you're forced to learn how to use the theory, a necessary skill in CS. This is what it means to be an applied thinker. If you are unable to do this, avoid.
I had Carl in 4041 last year and now have him in 4011. His lectures are amazing and have good clarity on theory and proof.
I was taught mostly only what I needed to know. Was tested on the fact that I learned a little of what I needed to know.
I've now taken 2033, 4041, 4011, and 5421 with Carl, completely by chance, and I think that Carl is a good professor. However, his courses are tough, and are built with a hardworking student in mind. Back when I took 2033, ALL OF IT went straight over my head (completely theory), but now in 5421, I see it as tough but doable. Go hard or go home! (:
i wish he was my dad
Love Carl loved every class I've taken with him and I'll take him over any other choice. This class is stupid difficult sometimes but Carl always explains things very precisely in the lectures. Work hard enough at the homework and you'll understand the material.
One of the best lecturers at the U. Breaks down complicated math concepts into easily understood pieces. Very knowledgeable.
Carl is an amazing lecturer who is clearly passionate about algorithms. His homework assignments, which come directly from CLRS, are difficult and mind-bending but he (and his TAs) are very lenient graders. I personally liked his hard homework-easy exam policy because that elevated a lot of stress during finals week.
Carl is probably the funniest CS professor at the U. Lectures are interesting despite the (honestly dry) material that he needs to cover. 10/10 would Carl again.
Attendance is entirely optional, and he encourages this by letting students know they're welcome to leave after quizzes if they'd like. However, the class is structured such that showing up and taking notes is essentially a guarantee you'll pass, so you probably should. It can often be better to ask questions after class, he can be harsh answering.
I actively seek out classes taught by Carl because he is so engaged with his lectures. He makes sure you really understand the foundations of the subject, which I some don't like if they're just taking the class just to get through it, but if you pay attention, you will actually learn the material. Cannot recommend him enough.
He's a really good professor. Teaches a lot of theory and making your own corrections is necessary to do well in the course.
SMH at all these kids maligning Carl; he's a true master of the lecturing art form and one of the best instructors I've had. Usually he doesn't even need notes while lecturing. Perhaps my favorite quote from the semester was "Let me just slow down and say this again very quickly," followed by a pause as he looked at the class.
Very good professor whose lectures delved into the more abstract and theoretical elements of linear algebra. If you skip lecture you can still easily pass the course so long as you do the recommended homework he puts online on his website.
Carl is the best math teacher I have ever had. He covers theory in class, and you get practice from homework (do it!!!). Grading is simple (11 quizzes, two dropped, and a final), but it could make it very difficult to get an A (>95). Go to office hours, and be prepared to spend time on homework. Check quizzes for grading errors.
I was really busy this semester with math, so I was glad I had Carl. He's SUPER clear in lectures. Also has a nice light British accent. Graded on weekly quizzes and the Final, all of which are open-notes and book (no electronic). If you understand what's going on, you're good (no need to memorize). I'd have an easy A with a bit more time.
Professor Sturtivant was someone that provided clear lectures that covered everything we needed to know for the class syllabus, and then some. He brought up topics that would spark interest and provide materials for us to dive deeper into the subjects if we sought to. One of the most interesting and profound professors I have met.
Carl is one of the most professor-like professor in the Computer Science department. His lectures may not be that exciting but you will definitely feel like you learned something at the end of the day. He explains the concepts very thoroughly with much patience. His grading is pretty generous but you'll have to put in work to receive a good grade.
Amazing. He really cares and wants you to learn. Does not put up with bs behavior from students who disrespect him, but is always approachable if you care about the subject and want to learn
Carl is very clear in his lecture style - simple lecturing while writing on the board, no fancy powerpoints that are hard to keep up with. Weekly quizzes instead of midterms force you to keep up with the material, and the final exam is basically an accumulation of multiple quizzes. Overall a great professor and a great class structure.
Very good prof! His lectures are kind of pointless - just rephrases what you can read in the book,, but he is great at course design. Most points are on HW & he gives you plenty of time for exams. Exams actually test you're theoretical understanding, rather than your ability to think fast.
He gives amazing lectures. I loved listening to him. I did have the night lecture, and it was hard to pay attention for the entire 2.5 hour period, but they were still great. Wasn't a fan of the course material but liked the lectures anyway. Quizzes are open book/notes. Your textbook will be a lifesaver if you don't understand the material.
Great professor, grading standards are extremely "overt". Sometimes he can go off on little tangents but overall very easy to listen to.
Good lecturer and really helpful during office hours. Although there are quite a lot of concepts dealt in this class, tests are not that hard.
It was a nice and a fair class for me in this semester. 11 quizzes and one final with open-book. You don't have to attend all the lectures, but you need to show up for the quizzes. The TAs are not tough graders which means you will get some points anyway if you write something down. Read the book, do the practice and study hard, you will be fine.
He is an amazing lecturer. At first, you might be intimidated by the pace at which he thinks, but you'll get used to his style of lecturing. A typical quiz he gives is always reasonable, and is often based on the previous two section. Be sure to keep your textbook handy, and make sure you know the definitions of things like the back of your hand.
Truly excellent. This class will make you smarter, and as always Carl is a master.
Amazing professor! He looks tough but he is very friendly and helpful if you talk to him. Homework can be difficult but not difficult to get high mark. Exams are very easy.
Carl gives longer homework assignments based on the assumption that you will start them early and not cheat online. He gives very fair exams which give you an opportunity to show what you know without time pressure. I recommend that you take his algorithms class, as you will learn a lot more without being worried about the final grade all the time.
Carl is by far one of the best profs at the U. One of the best things about the course was the fact that the grade was mostly based on homeworks. This meant that you could take the time to try and understand the material rather than just cramming for the test. It dosn't hurt either that he give great, comprehensive lectures. Take him if you can.
This is the 3rd course that I've taken with Carl. His lectures are amazing and his depth of knowledge is second to none in the Comp Sci department. His only flaw is that he is often overly concerned about being perfectly accurate about every detail when instead he could explain things in simpler terms. Most of the class is based on homeworks.
I appreciated him more and more as the course continued. His motivation is truly to help us learn, and his grading system is clear. When the textbook was confusing, he emailed us simpler more clear explanations. All tests are open note/book, but you can't use a PDF of the book buy the actual book. Honestly he's just a great professor.
Great class for computer science majors.
He's awesome! His lectures are very enjoyable and insightful, making me (having headaches for Maths) more interested in this subject. And (posh) British accent is always a plus. :p
Quite simply the most talented lecturer in the CS department. Too good. Lectures are so dense that if you stop paying attention for a minute, you will be lost for the next ten. However, they contain solutions to HW problems so attend each one and take notes on everything he says. Tests are fair and open note/book. HW takes a while, but manageable.
His lectures are very interesting if you listen carefully. Solve all the questions he assigns every week to Ace in all the quizzes. His quizzes are not very tough but if you lose even 4 marks in one quiz then you almost lose 1%, but he drops 2 quizzes at the end so that helps a lot. Also, final will be open book and very easy.
Perhaps the best CSCI lecturer at the U. Gets through dense material with ease. Perhaps not the friendliest on the surface, but a good guy who cares about learning. Pretty funny in class too. Homeworks are hard, tests are easy. As it should be. If you show up to class (recommended) and try hard at the homeworks, this class is no issue.
Very Great Professor, and I would even say the best I've had so far. Though his classes may be more difficult to do well in, his teaching abilities make up for it! He really knows his stuff, rarely if ever looking at notes during lecture. I don't think I've heard anything negative about him other than the difficulty of his courses.
I've taken three courses with Sturtivant and have been pleased every time. I love his style. His focus is on assignments, and his lectures are in depth and invaluable in helping you understand the material. He structures all his classes relatively the same, and it worked really well for me. I would absolutely take a course from him again.
Carl is a great teacher. His lectures are well thought and clear. He teaches the material far better than the book. Although not easy, his tests are predictable. If you pay attention in class and study the homework, you will do well on his tests. He doesn't ask trick questions that are impossible to prepare for.
Carl is by far the best in teaching algorithms at UofM.
He is the best instructor in the department. The lectures are well organized, clearly delivered. Cute British accent. Caring for student's need and feedback. The materials are a little bit hard but I guess there's no one can make it more approachable than Carl!
I really liked Carl's lectures and I found him to be very nice and helpful. However, in 2011 there is a weekly quiz on the material you just learned in the previous week's class, and the questions can be really tough. The quizzes are also timed and the pressure is high, since each quiz is worth 5% of your grade. I'd recommend him for another class.
Amazing lecture and good patience to explain everything you don't understand in book. England accent may be a little hard to understand at first for international students as me but soon will be ok. Difficulty of homework is ok, midterm is super easy, but final is a little hard. grade criteria is too strict that I need only 0.13 more to get an A...
Fantastic professor. Very passionate about the material, and it shows in class. Very structured, clear lectures. Somewhat of a tough grading system (no curve, you needed a 95% overall to get an A), but if you put in the work he provides everything you need to do well. If you have the opportunity, take a class with him.
What is there to really say? Carl is fantastic and hands down the best in the department. Only complaint is the grading scale (95% A, 90% A-, 85% B+, etc), but it's well worth the A- to hear Carl lecture!
I love Carl! He really wants all his students to do well. He tries very hard to be clear in his lectures and is always willing to clarify things. His office hours are also very helpful. The homework is very challenging, but he makes the test questions much easier. Plus his British accent is fun!
Amazing professor, very helpful in office hours - very friendly too. Lectures teach you so much, well complemented by the textbook. I'd take any class with him.
Easy grader!
The best professor I've had at the U! Hands down the only person who can explain proofs without reading/looking at the textbook even once! This guy is pure genius!
Carl is an amazing professor. He is extremely intelligent and loves to teach undergraduates. I look forward to taking Formal Languages and Automata Theory with him next semester and other classes in the future.
This is my second class I've taken with Carl, got lucky when he taught 1902 over the summer which made me more interested in programming. Took 4041 this semester and the course itself is CSCI major climax course so by no means is the course itself easy but the grading is the fairest grading system by any professor. FYI exams are easy and hw is hard
This is a professor who actually is passionate about teaching undergrads. At first I was intimidated by his stern demeanor, but I will definitely take his classes in the future. Presents information incredibly clearly and is very well-spoken and prepared. His quizzes are fair and not too hard.
Awesome teacher!
He is one of my favorite professor. He is absolutely nice, and helpful. I am a UNITE student but love going to his TA office hours to ask questions. Recommend to take his class.
I absolutely loved having Carl this semester; I came in thinking I hated math and now I'm considering adding a secondary math major. His lectures explained the topics very well and he also talked about the real world applications in the computer science world about all the math we learned. Great professor.
homewrok method: Week1: easy problems on A. Week2: Medium problems on A, easy problems on B. Week3: hard problems on A, medium problems on B, easy problems on C. This approach builds confidence to tackle hard problems, and ultimately makes the material part of your subconscious tool-set. Other profs drop you in the jungle with a knife.
One of the more dedicated teachers I've ever had. Comes off a bit stern in lecture, extremely personable and friendly in office hours. Extremely dedicated teacher I've never waited more than a day for an email reply from him, and I once emailed him a homework question at 10:30 PM on a Saturday (I'm that cool), and he replied within the hour.
Absolutely fantastic professor. Had this guy for 1902, 2011, 4011 and soon to be 4041. I mapped out my entire CS path so I'll have him every semester until I graduate. This guy could even prove Chuck Norris wrong...most likely in O(log(n)).
Very easy course, but the subject was a little boring. Nevertheless, Sturtivant presents the material very naturally and relies heavily on the lab experience and homework assignments. The tests were very straightforward.
Excellent speaking voice, especially with that British accent.
great professor. he is extremely intelligent and sometimes gets on a higher level than what the class is ready for, but ask him and he'll step down a notch and explain everything for you. i got an A- for my extreme lack of effort, but if you put forth a decent try you'll do well in his class.
He knows his stuff unlike other CS profs at the U that get all defensive and condescending when students ask questions in class. He is very very friendly and willing to help you LEARN.
Carl is a great professor! He excels at providing concise descriptions to complex concepts that often lead other CSCI professors to getting stuck in miniscule details. I've never heard such an easy to understand and implement description of Djikstra's algorithm before his class. I highly recommend taking any class he is teaching!!!
Awesome professor. He does a great job of explaining the sometimes complex material in a very clear way. Humorous, fair, and overall great lecturer.
one of the best professors the U has to offer. His priority lies in setting homeworks that make you learn.. explains the material superbly.. i would recommend any class with him
He structures the class so that the assignments (a small part of your grade) are difficult, thus you are learning, while the tests (a large part of your grade) are simple if you have done the homework. Great professor!
Best prof ever. If you need to take 4011, I suggest taking it with Carl - the material is so abstract that he would be a good prof on the subject. He is very entertaining and easy to understand. Homework is intentionally very hard so that exams seem easy. And he cut us some major slack at the end of term; cancelled an entire assignment!
Both were evening classes (2.5 hours) but he is awesome at taking the book and condensing all of the information into a concise relevent lecture. He is entertaining and very easy to understand. Probably my favorite Professor at the U.
Great prof!
No Comments
Carl is an amazing professor. He's thorough, easy to understand, and actually entertaining. His homeworks were very hard so that the exams seemed perfectly easy by comparison. I learned so much in his class.
Best professor I've had at the U of MN.
Very good teacher and funny, dry humor. Fairly easy tests and challenging homeworks.
Great prof, plus he's funny.
carl is great! best the u of m has to offer :)
great teacher, easy to talk to, very knowledgable on the subject!
Carl is an awsome teacher. His homework is very tough, but you learn a lot from it. His exams are very, very, very fair.
Carl is an excellent teacher! He is very clear, almost never gets confused or makes mistakes, and is a very funny guy. Very on top of his game!
No Comments
Hilarious; very intelligent; knows current technologies; keep up the good work!
Pretty cool vibes. Really passionate about the class topics. Class is based around fun projects to get people into computer graphics.
Great, fairly comprehensive lectures. Meaningful and engaging assignments. Very much appreciated the flexibility in assignment deadlines due to COVID-19 (15 flex days that could be spent in late days). Exams well represent the learnings from the lectures and assignments. Really enjoyed overall.
Professor Keefe clearly cares a lot about his students and is passionate about computer graphics. The lectures are engaging and he incorporates a lot of coding along with him to learn the concepts. The projects are very reasonable and the TAs were extremely helpful in OHs. The tests are straight from the lectures and projects and pretty easy.
Very well organized course, esp during the pandemic. Projects closely follow weekly material, are just challenging enough and really interesting. Exams are taken straight from lectures, no surprises. Great prof all in all.
He gave very fun and fair assignments and has really great lectures. He adapted to online learning spectacularly. The exams were also pretty easy given that you understood all the content in lecture. A real gem of a professor
favorite prof in cs. Extremely helpful, relatable, easy to get help from. As a female in cs, I am always scared to ask questions & get judged by the prof but I never once felt this way. The projects are things you can show your friends and employers. Projects are long, but fun & the lectures give you everything you need. 100% take this class!
Very nice, supportive professor. Handled the pandemic and online learning extremely well. Assignments are very interesting and not too difficult. Highly recommend this course and this professor!
Awesome prof who goes out of his way to help students succeed. One of the best CSci profs I've taken!
Professor clearly cares about students, gives good lectures. Projects and tests are both very straightforward as long as you pay attention during lectures.
Super fun projects but they were almost too easy. The tests were pretty fair although you had to study the slides because the textbook is useless. Keefe is super funny and obviously wants to teach the material in the most fun way possible.
One midterm and a final exam. Attending lectures is not mandatory to pass since most of the class is project based, but I would recommend attending. Professor Keefe is easily my favorite lecturer in the CSCI department. Clear explanations, high quality powerpoints, and very reasonable grading criteria.
Daniel is an amazing professor. I can tell he prepares for each lecture and his TAs are very helpful too. He explains concepts very clearly and gives a lot of examples to help you understand. There is a semester-long project which is very interesting. This class is a very good and inspiring introduction to software engineering.
Probably one of the best computer science profs I've ever had so far, explains the material very clearly and is always willing to help students out. This class requires a lot of effort, especially with the projects, so start everything early! Midterms and finals were open note/laptop, and they weren't too bad.
One of the best CS profs I have ever had! He made a pretty hard and boring course actually enjoyable. Altho be warned the projects take a lot of time, however, they actually help you with exams as they closely follow the projects.
Really good professor who makes a naturally boring-ish subject digestible.
Professor Kauffman is by far one of the best professor's i've had period. His lectures were by far the most engaging ive ever had. normally in lectures i feel like Im gonna fall asleep and/or skip, but this is the most useful and most engaging lecture ive ever been to. he has great humor, best CS professor, you will be missed Professor Kauffman.
Kauffman is the best CS professor I have ever had. Lectures are clear and well-structured, content is straightforward and exams are only comprised of content you should have learned from lectures or projects. I HIGHLY recommend him!
amazing person, its a joy being his student. the lectures are amazing, the HW and labs make sense and not hard, before every midterm there is a practice exam that is similiar to the actual exam. funny and good person. I recommend without a doubt
This class (CSCI 2021) was pretty tough, but Professor Kauffman was amazing and made the class very enjoyable! His lectures were interesting and often very insightful. I definitely recommend that you choose Professor Kauffman for this class!
Great professor and great lecturer. Can tell he's passionate about what he teaches and his students. By far the best professor I've had here at the U. Now, this class is incredibly difficult and time consuming. Be ready for projects that take you 20+ hours to complete and for exams that you will fail unless you study.
Kauffman had a fun lecture and was actually pretty good at making jokes. His projects were interesting to complete and the exams were very similar structurally to the practice ones he does the lecture before the exam. He explains the material clearly, and really puts in effort to helping students.
He was a bit rude, but very caring & helpful. His lectures are very neat and informative- downside being a lot of content over small periods of time. I had to rewatch every lecture. Exams were fair and open note. Projects were easy after the second or third one. He gives you everything you need to succeed, you just have to put in work.
The ideal computer science professor. His lectures are logical. Both labs and projects can let you learn a lot. As long as you follow up the course normally, you can get a good score.
The best professor I've had thus far. The negative reviews about his "bad attitude" are from people who fished for engagement points and got called out for it. Projects always prepared me for exams, class stayed on track, lectures were crystal clear. Zero complaints, give this man a raise.
Before taking 2021 I heard that Kauffman was one of the best professors in the CSci department, and honestly, I would agree! This class was very well structured and is designed to help you succeed in every way. I would recommend him to anyone and I wish he were teaching my 4061 class next semester.
Kauffman is a great professor. The workload in this class is crazy though. The projects aren't worth that much, but take up so much time. To be completely honest, this class makes me want to d1e
Professor Kauffman was absolutely fantastic. He did an amazing job explaining all of the concepts, provided crystal clear grading criteria, and was very helpful in providing feedback. I would highly recommend taking him if you have the chance.
Awesome professor in every regard. The class is difficult but he is great and does his best to help you understand.
Hands down one of the best professors at the U. His lectures are so entertaining and well-structured that I honestly looked forward to attending this class every day. Getting an A is not easy, but you have plenty of room for mistakes and Kauffman will reward you if you put in extra effort. He's just a great guy and an awesome professor.
Individual projects were tough but doable. Going over the practice tests were helpful to prepare for the Exams. Overall, the exams tested your comprehension with some coding questions. Kauffman is hands down the best professor I ever had.
Great lectures. He explains things in a way that make sense and is very articulate. Some other professors don't explain things well in lectures, you won't have that problem with Kauffman. True, it is a hard class, but I learned so much that I find myself not even caring about my grade very much.
dude is arrogant and crass but honestly it doesn't even matter because he's insanely good at what he does. his lectures were like the concepts were just being downloaded into my brain.
Although scary at first, Kauffman is incredibly detailed in his lectures and slides. I never laid a finger on the book nor had to go to office hours. Projects are time consuming and difficult, but achievable. Don't procrastinate! Grade weighting is fair. He also has a point system for extra credit (helped me get an A). Take with him if you can!
Kauffman is great for this course. He actually made me interested in CSs most boring subject - computer architecture. I felt like I really learned from this class. His organization is awesome. Only downside was exams were decently difficult, but doable
Definitely the best computer science professor I've had so far, and everyone I've talked to agrees. If you pay attention in lectures and start assignments/projects early you can get an A. His lectures are great and the projects are just the right difficulty. Skimming the textbook before lectures make it a lot easier to understand the details.
The professor is great, even though the class is difficult. The tests are not easy but he gives great practice exams with very similar format. The project (4-5 per semester) are time-consuming but very well explained and super relevant to course material. The effort Kauffman puts into the class to make it enjoyable is very respectable.
Kauffman is my favorite prof in this university! He is passionate about what he teaches and explains things very well. The projects for this class are hard but a great learning experience. The exams are reasonable difficulty and he prepares you well for them. He answers questions well and inspires us to learn more!
Amazing! One of the best instructors in UMN
Kauffman is the best CSCI lecturer. Explanations are crystal clear, his slides are thorough, and he has a personality so lectures are interesting. Lots of hw, labs, projects, but all are made to help you learn the material (which there is a lot of). Exams are standard difficulty. Take 2021 with him you will not regret it!!
Kauffman is one of the best CS professors in UMN. His instructions for projects are very clear, and if you like lower level code, then 2021 is the class for you.
Very solid professor. Easy labs and projects and fair exams. Plenty of opportunity to collaborate, gain extra credit, dig deeper, etc. Wish we would have gotten a second project in this course but he had some personal stuff. 10/10 would take again tho
Like some other recent reviews say, Kauffman did get burnt out towards the end of the semester, and it did affect the class a little. That being said, he is still a great guy and a fantastic lecturer. He makes great projects and as long you make the effort to understand their contents you'll be just fine in the class.
Dense course material. Brilliant professor who's able to explain the concepts well. Gotta be attentive for the entirety of the lectures, because if you miss the explanation for something at the beginning of lecture, you'll be lost for the rest of it. Supplemented course material with weekly labs, homework assignments, and five BIG coding projects.
Great professor with interesting lectures and projects that were difficult but well put together. Start projects early and utilize office hours to get programming help. Tests were fair.
Absolutely the best teacher i've had so far at the U. You can tell he has a real passion for the content, so he teaches it well. Lectures are very helpful and easy to follow. Weekly homeworks and labs are usually easy and are almost exactly what shows up in the long projects/ all exams. Take this class with Kauffman if you have the chance.
Most challenging csci class I've taken thus far but very manageable and very fulfilling. I've learned alot of useful information in this class. Kauffman is very energetic and gives great and easy to understand lectures. Will take him again if I have the chance
Kauffman is a gem of a professor. If you have an opportunity to take any of his classes, hop on it before you end up waitlisted. He provides a lot of extra credit, as long as you answer questions in lecture. As long as you raise your hand, you'll probably get called once or twice. He has a lot of energy, and explains very clearly in lecture!
This man is goated
Best CSCI professor I've taken so far. Makes lectures interesting enough where the students will pay attention and lectures usually have really good information. Usually gives 4-6 projects per semester which will definitely take time and effort but are very rewarding in helping you learn and get prepared for the tests. Definitely recommend!
Best CSCI teacher. Tests were reasonable and were based on lectures and projects. Projects were tough, but manageable if started early and very helpful in understanding material. Getting help on projects was a little difficult with long wait times in the virtual setting. Grading was very transparent - effort corresponded directly to higher grades.
Easily the best CSCI teacher at the U. Makes a what should be a hard CSCI class fun and not too difficult. Focus on the projects they are time consuming, but if you know what you are doing it should be easy.
Amazing prof. Can explain concepts in great detail at the right level for students; also just very enthusiastic, funny, just all-around enjoyable to listen to. Easily the best prof I've had in the CSCI department. Management of the online class was pretty good with no big obstacles. Would recommend 1000%.
He provides a level of intensity rarely seen in academia. He's not fake-happy-enthusiastic, but he definitely has his coffee, every morning, without fail. If you simply go to lectures, pay attention, and ask questions, you'll pass. He's all about engagement.
Good prof, listens to feedback and teaches well.
Chris is an amazing proffesor. He takes time to make sure you understand the material and helps with your projects as much as possible. Highly recommend.
Hands down, the best CS at the U and its now even close. You will learn a lot, and he teaches the course for every level of student, not just those you excel in CS. You would be lucky to take a class with someone like Kauffman.
Excellent professor. Lectures were clear and enjoyable, lecture slides themselves were helpful, though not detailed enough imo. Projects were very time consuming, exams were challenging, grading was fair, labs were very helpful, and there was a decent amount of extra credit available. Transition to online due to covid was smooth.
Taken this calss in spr2020, great prof, inspiring class and reasonable homework. 5 projects for 2021, some of them is time-consuming, most of them reasonable. Exams are based on the practice exam, project codes and slides content. As for textbook, it is not necessary since kauffman's slides offer enough information for this class
Kauffman has a clear enthusiasm for computer science content and it bleeds over into his teaching. He cares about students learning and enjoying what he teaches because he wants them to share his same positivism regarding the subject. That being said, his tests and projects are fair in that they're doable, but you're certainly going to exert effort
Probably one of my favorite CSCI professors. His lectures are engaging, and his homeworks and labs are laser-focused towards helping you understand the lecture/exam content with no busy-work. If you understand the homeworks and labs and complete stuff on time you will do just fine in his classes.
More CSCI courses should be run like his. His grading puts the majority of the work on projects, grading based on mastery of course concepts rather than cramming for exams. I can say that I was not as stressed for this course as I would under other professors, plus I definitely learned more than I would have with other profs. Phenomenal professor.
Easily the best prof I've had at this school. He teaches what you need to know about the course but also several other practical skills. He does have a temper that pops up sometimes, but it's completely overshadowed by his competence. His approach to the class is very calculated in a way to optimize your learning, and he always aims to improve.
Kauffman is a great professor and adapted the course online very well after the covid situation. Projects can be tricky but you learn a lot and the tests are very fair.
Kauffman is a gem in the CSCI department. If given the option, take classes with him.
Kauffman sets you up for success. If you honestly complete every lab, hw/quiz, and project, you'll be more than prepared for exams. His practice exams are super helpful/accurate for what the real exam will be. The course is a lot of work, but if you put in the work you'll learn a lot and get a good grade.
He is an amazing teacher but you got to work hard to get a good grade. Readings really help in this class.
Great lectures. Projects were very well designed, with amazing test suites included.
One of the best lecturers in the CSCI department. Lectures are clear (and entertaining) with plenty of example code, weekly homework walks you through implementing new concepts from lecture in C, and projects are a lot of work, but very do-able. Exams are fair, mostly stuff from recent projects and homeworks, and open resource too.
Kauffman is an awesome professor who makes a difficult subject like machine architecture much easier to understand and follow. His lectures are clear, and if you go to them and participate, you also earn bonus points that could be used for late work/extra credit! He is very accessible, so I recommend taking classes with him if you have a chance!
Great & clear lectures, homework that supports the learning, fun projects, responsive, and an overall great professor. The textbook is unnecessary (and verbose), and the material is covered well by the lectures. Of course, some of the topics are complex and may require a bit of questions or Googling, but Prof. Kauffman and the TAs are very helpful.
Professor Kauffman is one of the best professors I've had at the U hands down. All of his lectures are easy to follow (even when the topics get murky) and he is always easily accessible for help. Lots of opportunities to make up lost credit.
Kauffman is an absolutely amazing professor. His quality of teaching didn't decrease at all with the switch to online instruction. If anything, I think I learned more from the lectures, since he was able to be better prepared and fit more into lectures. His projects were borderline games (such as defusing an assembly bomb). I hope I have him again.
Amazing professor! I found the class to be hard due to the complexity of the topics. He is pretty incredible, no matter what level of a programmer you are, you will learn something in this class and will become better out of it.
ABSOLUTELY GREAT PROF. Reasonable workload + get Quiz point back with TA + extra credit on project&hw + attention to the lecture A
Fun and engaging lectures w/ excellent examples! Homeworks/quizzes are not difficult. You can earn back points by discussing errors with him/TAs. Labs are short and to the point; remaining time are used as add'l office hours. Long projects, so start early! Fair exams, no surprises. Clear grading criteria. Def my favorite CSCI class and professor!
Prof. Kauffman is a really engaging professor, and is well organized. Projects are the bedrock of this course, and are given automated tests and very clear manual inspection criteria. All of his slides are posted online, and the homeworks and projects are very informative towards what will be on the midterms. (I took this last semester)
Chris Kauffman is in my opinion in the pantheon of great CS professors at the UMN-TC. Puts a lot into his lectures and projects, and it is very clear what the takeaways are for each chapter/unit. A very easy A if you pay attention and work for it.
Very respectful and hilarious during lectures.
He's very respectful, style may not be for everyone but out of most umn professors, he's the one to take for 2021
He has really hard projects but the exams are very straight forward and based off lectures
Hands down best prof at umn
Great professor. He makes sure everyone understands and gives other time.
Kauffman is the best prof Ive ever had in the CS dept. He is so knowledgeable and his passion is clear. He doesnt put up with any funny business, but his class is still fun. Projects are tough and lengthy, but they teach you everything you need for the tests. Plus, classroom participation earns you a little bit of extra credit. Hes the best.
Wonderful person and professor. Really understands the material and wants you to feel the same way. The assignments are very hard but really help to teach you the current material at hand. Would definitely recommend this teacher.
Amazing teacher, makes computer science come alive. Easily the best professor I've had of all my computer science professors, by far. Clear assignment directions, his assignments aren't hard, they're more just straightforward. Kauffman gives you everything you need to succeed.
Kauffman is a very clear, energetic professor. His courses usually have 3-5 projects throughout the semester.
Best CSCI Prof I have ever had.
Lab assignments are very straightforward and very helpful especially when you didn't get it the first time during lectures. Lectures are also very interactive and have plenty of opportunities to get extra credit.
Professor Kauffman gives excellent lectures; each concept is explained clearly, and the lectures aren't ever dry. He goes pretty quickly, but it's not a problem if you're paying attention.
Any class with Kauffman will not be an easy A. He is a great professor, but the projects are always quite difficult and require some time. Exams are pressed for time, but open resource.
Kauffman is a true gem in the CSCI department at the U of M. This guy has some of the funniest slides while being one of the most fair and reasonable professors out there. His lectures are great, his projects are tough-- but doable. Start early on them! Always him if you can, you won't regret it!
If you think this course is difficult, that's 2021's fault. Professor Kauffman really wants you to pass and get a good grade with a good understand of the course objectives. He is the professor makes me believe my suffering worth it.
Great lecturer. Great slides. Lot of opportunities for extra credit. VERY HARD homeworks.
Chris is one of the best CS profs I've had. He is so thorough with his lectures and hw assignments. Get ready to work tons of hours on his assignments. Get started early and get help from TA's before the rush. He really challenges you on the assignments, but the tests for his class aren't too bad. It's open source, but I would still prep.
Excellent professor who is very knowledgeable about the subject and does a great job teaching it. Clearly cares about teaching and makes a serious effort to do it well. Makes really helpful practice exams and slides covering the material. Also has an excellent sense of humor and enjoyable to listen to. Probably my favorite professor so far.
He knows how to teach. He makes student participate more which helped me a lot with understanding.
Really enjoyed his 2041 course, learning OCaml and functional programming was legitimately interesting and fun. His assignments are really well written and aren't vague or unclear regarding requirements. The exams were good overviews of the coursework (challenging though fair), and Gradescope + Piazza was awesome.
Kauffman is a very funny guy, and seems to want his students to succeed. 2041 with him isn't super challenging. Averages for every exam were around 85, and you could turn in a project feeling confident that you would get 100%.
One of the best profs I've ever had. He's hilarious and very accessible outside the class. Also, he did a great deal of programming in C so his understanding of the underlying system is impressive. The difficulty is normal, but great professor.
Kauffman is the best. This is the second course I've had with him. I'm taking him again in the spring. If you have the option, take a course with him. About the only issue is he updates his powerpoints frequently so I wouldn't recommend printing them out/taking notes right on them. He doesn't note what he's changed either. I hope he works on this.
Best professor I've had so far as a Comp Sci student period. He is very friendly and the best lecturer I've ever met. Keeps the class's attention and is always to hear out questions and comments. Tests are super fun and definitely fair, would highly recommend him!
Really cared about my learning and wanted us all to pass. He knew a lot of us by name too.
Great Professor
Gives dry material in a non-boring way. Very easy to pay attention to, is clear and fun to work with. Participation gives you up to 3% in this class, got me the A.
His lectures and amount of work put into it is amazing. Genius at programming. Only annoying thing is that he favorites people who participate a LOT, so make sure you do that if you really want that A.
Easily the best professor I've had. Probably should know some code before taking the class despite the math only prerequisites. He is willing to explain anything he taught that you don't understand. Cracks jokes and tries hard to keep the lecture going (despite the 160 minute long classes). Make sure you participate and "earn your card"
Chris is one of the best professors in the U. He has a really good sense of humor and he is really passionate about teaching. The class content can be boring and tough to understand but Chris can explain things clearly and to the point. Also his projects are fun and challenging. TA's office hour is usually very busy.
He's one of the best professors I've had. Definitely works to keep you engaged. You need to work for your grade though. This class is not easy.
Chris Kauffman is one of the most enthusiastic people when it comes to teaching CSCI. Even the most mundane topics become interesting when he sprinkles bits of humor and fun into it. He really made me want to continue my CSCI career, as he made programming fun!
Chris is one of the best computer science teachers I have had. He genuinely cares about the students and asks for feedback on the course and how it is run. His assignments are hard, but he clearly lays out what you should do and if you come to class you'll be fine. He has super engaging lectures especially for the material that he is teaching.
Excellent teaching style, lectures are interactive and entertaining, good at explaining complex concepts. Frequently seeks and considers student feedback to improve course. Assignments are written elegantly and detailed, usually no ambiguity or vague instructions, and are satisfying to complete.
He always went over homework in the lecture and made sure to take questions from everyone and was very aware if certain assignments were difficult. The lectures slides were a great resource. He was also funny and approachable.
Chris Kauffman is the best professor I have ever had - including high school teachers. He really cares that you learn the material and understand the concepts. He goes out of his way to hold extra office hours when students have questions. He keeps you engaged in lectures and offers some extra credit. I would take any class he teaches if I could.
Chris is a great addition to the CS department at UMN. He has a passion for teaching that shines through, and his lectures, projects, and exams are well prepared for and very fair. If you attend lectures and lab, it will be crystal clear what he is expecting you to learn, and there will be no surprises. Might not even need the textbook with him.
Professor Kauffman was the best CSCI professor I've had at UMN. This class was so fun to go to - he put a lot of thought and work into his lectures and examples and explained everything super clearly. Open resource tests made you actually apply what you learned instead of copying word for word from slides. 10/10 would take a class with again.
All computer science professors should strive to be like Kauffman. It was obvious from the beginning how much effort he put into his examples and programming projects. Barring a few hiccups (which were more than excusable considering this was his first time teaching the course), Kauffman was a fair, entertaining, and hardworking professor.
Professor Kauffman did a great job explaining the material and keeping the class interesting. The exams had the right amount of content for the time provided and the projects were laid out in an easy to understand manner, no wasting time trying to understand what exactly he was trying to get you to do.
This guy makes the most boring topics seem fun with witty, relevant references and you can tell he cares about our learning experience. His labs are super helpful for tests and he touches on them in lecture to help more. He's really into class participation, though, but it's mostly for extra credit!
Extremely easy class to get an A in. Anyone who struggled is an outlier or they never did any of the work. All quizzes are easy and open note and as long as you took notes, you'll be able to do them easily. Grading of the homework and quizzes are extremely lenient. They will always give you partial credit >50% of the hw even if you get it wrong.
Class was easy thanks to Bernardo's really good lectures, quizzes, and homework. The quizzes were easy and conceptual and made sure you understood the material. The homework programming assignments were a bit difficult, but doable especially if you utilize office hours. Final was hard, but everything else was easy if you paid attention. 60% get A's
Clear lectures - explained everything very well from the ground up. The course went quickly, so make sure to keep up with the optional homework. Quizzes every week, lab attendance mandatory. Final and quizzes were open notes. Very helpful in office hours. Homework was occasionally tough to check on your own whether your answer was valid.
I totally disagree with all the comments. Cole was one of the best instructors I've had at the U. His lectures were clear and so much more helpful than the book. Like the other reviews, I do wish he would post notes / lecture slides, but even with him just writing on the whiteboard I was able to take good notes. I'd highly recommend.
This course is very helpful and inspiring. Reasonable workload and fabulous lectures. In addition, the professor always answered my questions with great patience and respect. Very recommended.
Dovolis is a great professor. He seems to have a deep knowledge of computer science material, and shows it in the lectures. The course is VERY assignment heavy, with large projects and textbook readings that prepare you for the tests. It is a difficult class, but there are many TAs and they are easily accessible. One bad thing is the textbook tho.
The greatest professor I've ever had. Tests are trivial at worst, labs are fun, but the projects can be a extreme amount of work for those unprepared. Midterms are easy, you just need to attend lecture to understand (he doesn't post any slides from lectures). Go to lecture, and you will ace this class. Don't expect to self-teach, this is college.
He's a great guy. His lectures can go off the rails sometimes with some rambles but it's clear he really does care about educating students about computer science. You'll be successful in this course if you do the readings, actively seek help from TAs, etc. He doesn't post extensive lecture notes so it's recommended that you show up.
His lectures were very good and the projects in the class were massive but they were excellent for learning. I think if you are interested in learning about computer science this is a good instructor. Tests were a bit hard to get A's on because there would always be 1 or 2 "trick" type of questions.
While I found the subject material to be quite dry, Chris was an incredible professor. One of the funniest and kindest instructors I've had. Office hours were extremely helpful. I would highly recommend his classes. My only complaint is that the projects were long and difficult.
I really enjoyed Dovolis' spring course for 1933. During class he always explained material in an understandable way, derived algorithms with us, and provides LOTS of examples on the class page to look at, play with, and use in labs & projects. Awesome Professor & TAs, well structured. Labs are a little challenging, but such an awesome class!
Pretty much just echoing what other reviews said: His lectures are a bit rambly, and honestly as long you know what is being covered in lecture you will be fine. Tests had some obscure questions, but aside from that every graded assignment is very reasonable and teaches you how to do well in interviews. Not sure if great professor or great class.
He's passionate about what he teaches and even though his lectures might be a bore sometimes, there is a lot you can take from them. His projects and labs honestly taught me a lot and I went from not knowing basically anything about data structures to getting an internship. Take the class seriously, start your projects early and you will succeed.
Dovolis's lectures were sometimes rambly, but I learned a lot from them. His teaching style is pretty average & he did it on paper. You can work with a partner on a project, but I worked alone for them and got full points for all (might've been faster with a partner). Exams were reasonable, if you did & understand the projects you'd be fine (~80+).
You can tell that Professor Dovolis really cares about teaching the best class he possibly can. I heard a rumor that he retired from his career job and he only teaches because it's what he loves to do, and I believe it! Truly an amazing professor; if I could give him more than five stars I would!
This course was definitely NOT easy, but there are many many TA's ready to help any student with the countless labs and projects. The tests are half concepts half coding skills based on labs and projects. You have to give your 100% for this class but the professor and the TA's are all great.
The lectures were amazing and he made the content easy to understand. He even hosted a Discord server for everyone in the class that had all of the TAs, so you could ask questions and get quick answers or go to office hours digitally! It was amazing.
Chris Dovolis is a great professor, but a bit dry. Attend lectures, or you probably won't do very well. Go to office hours! TAs and Professor Dovolis are very helpful during projects. He has decent handwritten notes for review later. It's important to listen bc this class is pretty important for CS, bc you are introduced to OOP and algorithms.
Professor Dovolis is a great teacher. You have to put in a lot of effort to get a grade . Some labs take a whole day to finish ( 2 or 3). Test are long , but doable with reviewing material and lectures. Projects were very interesting ! Take him if you have a choice over other professors
During lectures, Professor Dovolis is so enthusiastic and excited about the material. I really learned a lot from him and I appreciated how he prepared us for future CSCI classes. He is very caring and granted me a grading accommodation I didn't expect to receive. To succeed in the class just show up, listen, read, and submit projects on time!
Pretty good lecturer and passionate about teaching. Do your projects, go to the labs, study for exams, and ask for help and you'll be fine.
Professor Dovolis is a rare gem in academia. He is intelligent, articulate, comedic at times, and truly prioritizes students' passion over grade.
I took professor Dovolis in my first semester in the U since transferring, and I should say I was worried about future classes in the U. His class requires heavy reading, and a lot of self learning. Lectures may be boring to some but if you could stay awake and focus you should be good!
Professor Dovolis has a unique way of lecturing, though, he does try his best to engage us as he encourages us to ask questions on the material that he goes over. He was very open and easy to talk to during his office hours. Overall, I think the class was structured well and that you'll be fine as long as you put in the effort.
This is a tough class, but Professor Dovolis is passionate about it and does his best to explain concepts clearly in class. You absolutely must read the textbook to learn all of the content you need to do well in this class, but the homework assignments give you lots of practice for the exams and help you determine how well prepared you are.
If you do the readings and come to lecture, the class is not very difficult. I had prior knowledge of Java, which was extremely helpful. Dovolis teaches you everything you need to know apart from the language in class. Dovolis is a very nice professor who is very responsive to any questions you may have and is always willing to explain more.
I took the night course for 1933, and I really enjoyed it. His lectures are information rich, and not only does he point out pitfalls and loopholes in code, and he always makes sure to answer why we are doing/learning something. His notes are great, and he provides a lot of online resources and explanations for code. Do NOT skip lecture!
Amazing teacher. Had him for CSCI 1001 as well. Cares about his students and explains very difficult topics extremely well. Would recommend to students who go at a slower pace. Answers questions very well. Very respectful.
Amazing professor who is really inspirational and cares about his students. Although tests are a huge part of the grade, if you pay attention in lecture and ask questions, you will be good.
If you have to take CSCI 2021 (I don't know why you'd want to take it if you didn't have to), make sure to take it with Chris Dovolis. You definitely have to work hard, but he really cares about his students and wants everyone to pass, he even says so on the first day. He listens and adjusts content and deadlines. Perfect professor for this class.
I've had Dovolis for both CSCI 1933 and CSCI 2021 now and I can see definitively that he is much better at teaching CSCI 2021. While I did not like him much for 1933, it is clear that 2021 is what he is passionate about and it shows. He was very clear with his lectures, and made homeworks, labs, and exams very reasonable.
Chris Dovolis is a very laid back professor. His lectures are fun and he tries to break down confusing concepts into smaller pieces. That being said, CSCI 2021 will be HARD. You cannot expect Dovolis to teach you everything. You have to put in effort outside of the classroom. Take advantage of resources and good luck.
Great teacher, but decently difficult class to get through. There is a lot thrown at you. Projects are good, the tests could be a bit much, but plenty of time is given for them. He can get a bit off topic sometimes, but we usually get through all the material needed.
Teaches well and in depth. Main downside are trick questions on quizzes and tests that require strong grasp of conceptual stuff. Projects in this class are fun if you don't procrastinate.
Chris Dovolis is a great lecturer. He is one of the few if not the only professor that I actually enjoy listening to. That being said, his classes are definitely hard. If you don't know Java, I suggest taking an online course on Java before taking this class.
Really inspiring lectures as long as you care about the subject too. He makes boring classes exciting and provides very clear explanations. Dovolis is not afraid to step back and take different approaches to the topic. Make sure to ask him questions if you have any
Dovolis made me realize I need to get my act together - to believe in myself and stop wasting my potential. I care a lot more now because of him. He's like a coconut: hard on the outside but (if you do the readings and participate actively in his class) silky-smooth on the inside. Seriously so thankful I took his class. 11/10, I highly recommend it
Start early and stay on top of your assignments. This class isn't hard. Go to all lectures and labs, and you will have NO problem understanding the material. All projects and labs allowed for a partner of your choice, so that's nice. Professor Dovolis is great with explaining things, and loves answering questions, so bring plenty!
I had Chris last year and liked him enough to purposefully take his section of 2021. His lectures are interesting and engaging; I didn't feel bored even though it was a 2.5 hour lecture. The tests and projects are difficult, but if you pay attention in class and do the reading, you should be able to get a good grade.
Not once did Dovolis talk about religion in any of his lectures he was generous at grading. But you also have to remember that the TA were in charge of grading the tests. I liked him.
Hard class but he is a great professor who understands that the class is difficult so goes kinda easier on you. Loved this course and his teaching of it, takes a lot of effort but if you put the work in you'll get the grade you want. Projects are difficult to start but actually pretty useful and cool.
- Go to lecture - Study material after lecture - Go to labs and try to finish in lab. - If not, go to office hours and ask questions. - Projects are long, but very doable. - When studying inheritance, make sure to know the rules very well for the midterm - Midterms are hard, but fair and test your knowledge. - ** Knowing Java is very useful **
I don't understand others' reviews that say you must read the book and lectures are useless, I found it the opposite. The material in this class is very difficult, but Dovolis was very fair in the way he graded midterms (no final) and pop quizzes, usually covering material he covered in class. I did not read the book at all and got an average grade
Cool guy with a solid and articulate way to explain the content. Made learning data structures in Java fun.
Chris is one of the best professors for this course. He tried to make the class as painless and possible and always helped out his students by moving deadlines when needed. The grading was very reasonable and the class was interesting. Definitely recommended
This is an instructor who would go out of his way to help students. He is well-prepared for his classes and has a very good sense of humor. He effortlessly connects to the students and you won't feel like he's your instructor, rather as a friend.
I loved this class! Dovolis is a very friendly guy and his lectures are fun to go to. The class will be pretty easy if you've had some previous programming experience and the homework assignments are actually fun if you don't try to do them at the last minute. Dovolis is a great guy. And don't buy the book - SICP is free online (legally).
If you have had programming experience before and go in w/ an open mind, this course is a breeze. Extremely helpful professor that explains complex ideas very clearly. Felt tests where fair and the labs offered a good challenge. Make sure you like your lab partner because you will be spending alot of time w/ them!
First, let me say this: this a very, very hard class. But I highly, highly recommend taking this class with Dovolis to see if you like Comp Sci. He's a fantastic teacher. Very friendly, funny, and knowledgeable. Tests aren't too hard...but labs and homework range from difficult to impossibly hard. Still, one of the best teachers I've had here.
Labs and lectures were somewhat disorganized, but I may have just caught him on a bad semester. He does a good job explaining complex ideas with a goofball sense of humor. I'd definitely take another class of his if I had the chance. TA's don't mind if you lobby for better test and homework grades.
great professor!
AMAZING TEACHER. He makes very difficult material make complete sense. I feel like I have a very deep understanding of the material covered in this class. He's super nice, and alway willing to help out. I thought all his tangents were either entertaining or thought provoking. Take him if you can!! And even if you can't you still should!!
Dovolis is a fantastic professor. His lectures are engaging, His assignments are thought-provoking, and he's always willing to help students. Take his courses. You won't regret it.
Awesome lecturer, good and sometimes hilarious analogies (especially the one about the difference between the Boolean AND and the colloquial English "and")
The class was taught very well. Mr. Dovolis did an excellent job of keeping us engaged and interested in the material. I learned a lot of background information about how computers work as well as the course material containing Scheme. The class was also benefited by stellar TA's, but the lectures really benefited the consumption of the material.
Dovolis is an AWESOME professor. I would take a class taught by him again in a heartbeat. He makes computer science very interesting with his lectures. He has fair tests and keeps things interesting
very good prof
I learned SO much and was entertained. Lots of work but worth it--lays a great csci foundation so you'll do great in future classes. Early understanding this stuff means the difference between ending up a mindless code monkey or a SW architect when you get out of school. Dovolis explains it so well you really understand it and remember it.
Dovolis is really devoted to teaching his students. His class is hard, and he knows it, but he helps everyone through it. Expect to spend time doing the labs, as they are the most demanding part of the class.
Chris is excited about teaching, friendly and easy to understand and follow in class. His lectures are very interesting, basically 1901 was my funnest class of the semester. One thing, Chris expects students to put in time to complete his assignments (he is clear about it from day one of class) and is willing to help if you're having trouble.
Overall a good professor. Friendly towards students.
My favorite professor ever. He makes the class fun and is very easy to understand. Good teacher.
I realy liked Dovolis. I felt that he was excellent at explaining the material, and everything he said was very easy to follow. He did really well to introduce the matrial and actually taught it, instead of simply reciting notes.
Dovolis for president! He's the only prof who could make scheme fun. I'd take any class just to have Dovolis as a prof again. He's actually a TEACHER, not a researcher who has to appear in front of students to get paid.
One of the best professors I've had--explains stuff very clearly in common English. Class material, even though in Scheme, is very relevant and helpful in later courses. Helpful during office hours. Exams and projects reflect what he covers in class.
Wonderful guy, great teacher. Knows the course material. Fortunate enough to have him twice thus far.
Great professor. Learned a lot in a new subject. Lectures, labs, and homework all gave a solid understanding of the course content.
Dr. Watters has high expectations for students, but she gives great feedback and clearly cares about student learning. Not the class for people trying to slide through college with minimal effort, but people that actually want to learn will enjoy the class and should get a good grade.
The combination of lectures, homework, labs, and textbook assignments made the information easy to understand. The midterms were very easy.
Shana is so great. She can be scary and kinda mean at times but overall she just wants us all to succeed. She takes the time to help when you go to her office hours and she'll make sure that you understand it too. Out of all my CSCI professors, Shana is easily my favorite
Shana is one of the best CSCI professors at the University of Minnesota, loved this class and would highly recommend for all CSCI students.
Shana is very sweet and genuinely cares about her students. My class had oral exams, write code and then talk with her about it, and she gave really helpful feedback but never actually answers questions directly. Labs could be confusing but they were usually posted the night before so you could start them ahead of time and leave early.
Ms. Watters is so great. She really, truly cares about her students and I'm so glad I was able to take her class. Databases weren't crazy exciting but she made it fun, the quizzes were very easy and the semester project was perfectly planned, no final! If you get the chance to take her, DO IT. It's rare to have such a great professor like Shana!
Professor Watters is an excellent teacher. She understands that students care about timely grading. She takes cheating seriously. She's super personable and it's really easy to get an A in the class. I don't like studying databases, but the class really isn't that bad.
Databases is a really dry topic in my opinion. That said, Shana is a good professor and you'll be glad you took it with her. Definitely one of my favorites at UMN.
Prof Watters is a really good intro professor. She's pretty strict, but her grading guidelines are clear, so as long as you read the project instructions, you'll definitely get it done. Because her class was really enjoyable, I switched to CS from Math!
I've now had Shana for multiple classes at the U. She has a great course structure revolved around group work. I was skeptical at first, but the group assignments result in the best learning experience compared to anything else in the class. She respects you and earns your respect back. She also does a good job keeping things low-stress.
Shana is a really fantastic prof. She can show a fun side to her personality, which really came out in zoom lectures. The class isn't hard if you attend most lectures and pay attention. Labs are based only on attendance. Do try to start homework assignments ASAP. She transitioned very well for COVID. If you don't know how to program yet, take Shana
Shana really cares that her students learn the material. That being said, she made it clear she won't be forgiving to people who slack off or don't participate. 5801 is based around a group project the entire semester, and she gives you ample opportunity to critique your group members and yourself on attitude/work. Projects are hard but rewarding.
Shana is an excellent professor. Her lectures are very well done, so make sure you don't miss any! Workload is pretty light, You'll have somewhat weekly assignments that take a couple hours each. The exams were easy and stress-free, she provides a practice sheet for each exam and completion gives you some extra credit so make sure to complete it
Shana is an awesome professor. She comes across as very harsh at first, but as the semester goes along you can really see that all she wants to do is make sure everyone understands the material and succeeds in the class. Highly recommend Shana.
Her class is easy and you should be able to do the work given to you. You can literally fail 1 homework assignment and still get an A if you get everything else at a high grade. She is strict on academic dishonesty, but that's a non-issue. She cares about all her students so don't be afraid to approach her!
Shana helped run the course and she was amazing, caring, and always willing to help you. This course depends heavily on the group you form each week for the discussion problems. Attendance is mandatory, so choose a group wisely and if it doesn't work, switch groups! A very helpful course for coders of any skill level!
Shana is a very good professor who take care of students. Defenitely recommand
The labs were very flexible (at least my lab was). My lab was graded on attendance rather than participation. If you completed the whole lab early, you could leave. Shana also gave out a practice exam, which was a good overview of what was on the test. The homework was long, so I wouldn't recommend doing it the night before if you don't know python
Shana is an amazing instructor. If you're going to take 1133 in the spring, go with her section. Shana makes it her priority for every one of her students to understand the concepts she introduces and weighs your grade more on homework and less tests.
One of the best professors I've taken here at the U. She cares about you and your grade and work, makes lectures fun, she cracks jokes, and makes sure you understand what is going on in class and lab. Class is mandatory, since she does random participation that affects your grade. Overall a fantastic teacher, easy to get ahold of, definitely take!
Honestly, Professor Watters is probably one of the best UMN professors I've had. She really prioritizes learning the material and making sure students understand it and explains it very well in a way students, especially new ones, can understand. Also allows students redo on their homework if she notices that many students are having trouble on it.
Great teacher. Prioritizes learning over performance. She weights projects heavier than exams and allows redos on homeworks and projects. She made an extremely tedious (but useful) subject very tolerable. She may still be adjusting to the larger classes (UMN vs Augsburg). Seemed overwhelmed and cranky by end of semester.
Super caring and wants you to actually learn the material. She'll also contact you if you're struggling . She gives redo's quite frequently and believes in second chances. Probs one of the easier courses in CSCI to get an A in. Also kind of a goofball and passive aggressive which is kinda humorous given her military background.
Shana is such a fair professor. Very accessible and understanding, and really cares that you learn the material rather than just do it for the grade. Takes questions regardless of how basic and explains well. Sometimes can get flustered when students don't read the assignment descriptions and ask dumb questions, but still a gem.
Shana is awesome! Very caring and willing to help her students. Her lectures are informative and fun. If you are willing to spend the time, you will for sure receive a decent grate.
Shana is a very good person, and I really like her personality. She is caring and always willing to help you. The class is simple, and the workload is reasonable, but you will definitely learn something through the class.
Shana is awesome! Her lectures are very informative, and she gives you lots of valuable and productive feedback. She genuinely cares for all her students, and she's a great teacher overall.
I love his enthusiasm to teach. He's really caring and if you don't understand something, go to his office hour. He will definitely help you out as much as possible. The homeworks and projects are tough but its worth it.
Weekly quizzes w/ codes received in lecture. Super helpful in-class code examples and at-home exercises to try. Great for someone who learns by doing like me. Open-ended projects where you can choose a partner. Super knowledgeable of industry standards in animation and gaming, and does a great job of explaining complex topics in layman terms.
Great professor that's passionate about what he's teaching. Class is tough, but fun. The material is interesting and he helps a lot with Slack and office hours.
Stephen Guy is one of the best professors I've taken classes from. His lectures are amazing, and the assigned projects are all interesting. If ever you have the opportunity to take a class taught by him, do it.
The standard all professors should measure up to. An absolutely fantastic professor who cares about his students, has genuinely fun projects and assignments, and puts everything in context within the real world. Without a doubt one of the best teachers I've ever had throughout all schooling.
Awesome professor. Made challenging concepts easy to learn. Love his sense of humor.
Great professor! Respectful to students and makes an effort to make sure students have what they need to succeed. Gradelines were clear, labs were helpful, tests were doable, and professor was kind and engaged with the students.
Wonderful Prof ever
Professor Guy really cares about what he is teaching and it really shows during lecture. He understands that not everyone knows how to program and structures the class and labs that allow all ranges of experience to be able to pass the class. The tests are really straightforward but if you struggle to understand the material they can be pretty hard
Genuinely the best professor I've ever had. It was the only lecture I would look forward to.
Prof. Guy is the best professor I've experienced at UMN. I had absolutely no interest nor experience in graphics I took the class purely due to Prof. Guy's reputation but found his lectures and assignments incredible and well organized. He made the Navier-Stokes fluid dynamics equations intuitive, and I had never seen a calc. gradient before.
A phenomenal computer science professor. Not only does he teach you a lot about computer science but also he goes out of his way to find cs applications to many topics. The honors section had 'fun Fridays' where he would give us intros to advanced cs topics. Lecture was so interesting that junior cs majors sometimes came just to listen.
Absolutely outstanding professor. He's extremely knowledgeable and passionate about graphics and animation and he works very hard to get his students to understand and enjoy the subject. The homework is tough and the grading is not clearly defined, but the grades are very fair. It's a really rewarding course.
By far the best professor I've had. On Fridays, he took time to lecture about super interesting logic/math concepts that were a nice break from pure code. By the end of the class, we were able to make basic games in Python. He is also very approachable and very committed to student success. Highly recommend.
He is passionate an knowledgeable about animation and design. He also puts more focus on result than how you get them, which was a breath of fresh air for me, as most Professors have a specific way they want things done. Allows creativity, pushes students to accel, and on top of that is a lenient grader. Easily one of my favorite professors.
Stephen is a great guy. He's always cheerful, and passionate about everything he does. He cares about individual students. He gives amazing lectures, making complicated concepts easy to grasp. One of the best professors at the U. This class is very fun, one of my favorite CS classes.
Really nice guy who clearly is passionate about the subject. Very approachable and comes to labs to help out even when he isn't required to which I found really great. Lectured well with great examples and passed his passion for computer science on to his class.
He is an amazing teacher. He considers every worst case scenario a student could have and basically eliminates all their worries. He is very appreciative of feedback. He has boundless faith in each and every student in his class, and is very cheerful, always. Paces things well. He has great, subtle humor. Homework gets tougher over time.
One of the best Professor I've ever taken during my College life. Really opened my eyes to my potential in the subject area, and has an incredible grasp of the needs of the students. Don't miss lectures, you'll thank me.
The teaching style was fantastic, with concise videos and engaging quizzes. A more technical focus for would have been great, I enjoyed the course.
Great
severely overhated professor. the midterms are almost identical to the mock midterms, the homework is fairly reasonable if you show up to office hours, and the lectures and course structure almost guarantee that you'll understand a majority of the content if you show up to every lecture and every discussion.
Accommodating, accessible, knowledgeable, great lecturer. Easy to get an A if attending lectures, asking questions, and doing mock midterms - exams were exactly the same as the mock midterms if not easier. One of the best professors I've had at UMN
I had Joosten for 2011, and using (short) video lectures as an aid really helped his weakest points. Dedicating class to answering questions and doing examples was great when starting new units. The final project was chaos at first, but it worked out well in the end. Sebastiaan definitely puts his heart into class, and loves to help you.
Sebastiaan Joosten is very helpful and responsive to feedback. People like to hate on him because he isn't great at lecturing, but he started using video lectures, which completely solved the problem. He also made lectures a bit more casual, which makes it easy to ask questions or speak up if you're struggling with anything. Great professor!!
I have taken both 2011 and 2041 with Sebastiaan and enjoyed them both and learned a lot. He is very responsive to feedback and is good at interacting with students. Assignments aren't stressful in any way, they are typically just practice, which allows me to learn quicker. And the tests are usually very similar to take home exam. Highly recommend.
Everyone at the U of MN agrees that Sebastiaan Joosten is a good professor and that you can't really trust anything that RateMyProfessor says about him...
One of the best professors I have taken so far at the University of Minnesota.
He always tries to do his best and learn from student feedback. I know that if I don't like something about Sebastiaan's teaching, I can just tell him and he will do his best to help me. It seems like a rare and useful quality for professors.
While the first third of the semester was rough, Sebastiaan was able to make significant changes due to student feedback surrounding the course. As long as you put in a reasonable amount of effort into the class, you will be able to succeed in the course. He is very responsive to feedback, and questions in and outside of class. Would Recommend!
The first third of the semester was rough. However, it was Sebastiaan's first semester at the U. He took all of the feedback from students, adjusted his lectures, and changed the grading scale to accommodate the rough start. Since the first midterm, Joosten has become one of my favorite professors at the U.
Trust me, it won't get worse than this semester. He has improved a lot, and he will continue to improve even more, ask me why? Because he is someone that takes feedback seriously, and in my experiences professors that take feedback seriously tend to be really good professors. So, don't let his rating fool you.
Professor Joosten had a rough start and everyone thought he was the worst teacher in the world. However, he's extremely good at learning from feedback and his teaching was significantly better by the end of the semester. I feel bad for him because his rating is ruined forever by a bunch of people who overreacted in the first few weeks of class...
Joosten does not deserve such a low rating. He was very approachable after class and always made sure to clarify my doubts. In addition to that, he is great at listening to feedback--he made a comprehensive study guide and published it to the whole class after just one student's request. One criticism that I have is that the hwks are too long.
Professor Joosten's lectures used to be terrible. However, he's great at listening to feedback and he's improved a ton! His teaching is a lot better now, and it makes me sad that his rating hasn't followed...
Sebastiaan Joosten used to use the lecture slides from the textbook and they weren't very good. However, he's switched over to writing his own slides and the lectures are a lot better than they were at the start of the semester. Most of the bad reviews are from people who didn't like the textbook slides. This professor has improved significantly!!!
He is getting better at teaching pretty fast. Could use a fun lecturer to sit in and teach him to skip doing the extra things that are fun for him but has 99% of students eyes glaze over. Would only give definitions once in lecture.
Look at the reviews notice how unserious they are. Negative review stem frm alot things but common factor is anger. Lectures not good but caring professor. Takes feedback & improves. Practice exam identical to real one. Created study guide becuz 1 student asked. Then asked feedback on study guide. changed grading after each exam. He is different!
Does not deserve such a low score. His lecturing is not the best, but he genuinely takes student feedback and does his best to improve. After our last exam, he decided to curve the class after he got feedback that the exam was difficult. Also changed the grading so that your best exam is weighted 40%. Very kind and cares about his students.
Honestly does not deserve a rating so low. His lectures might not be so great at the beginning of the semester, but takes advice and gives really good lectures at the end. Very very kind professor and even offers me a research opportunity as a freshman student. Difficult class, but most generous curve I've ever seen. 12h a week guarantees an A.
He has improved a lot and have become one of my favorite professors.
He's an awesome lecturer. I love him! Good job!
I have seen a lot of hate for this guy, but he's smart. I think that his only problem is his lecture style and communication (cuz he's Dutch). However, if you study properly, you should be good with him and learn a lot by the end of the semester. Good luck!
Great guy, you guys are all over reacting. Tests are only 75% of the grade.
I LOVED THIS PROFESSOR. HE IS SO KIND AND UNDERSTANDING ONCE YOU SPEAK TO HIM. 10/10
Wrenn is an experienced and knowledgeable professor that provides constant examples for students to work with. he treats his teaching assistants well and it shows, as they are often happy providing help.
A lot of people don't like him because he seems curt during lecture. If you reach out to him and actually GO to office hours he is incredibly helpful. I struggled at the beginning of the semester but once I went to his office hours things got better. The TAs are also great. If you reach out you should have no problem passing this class.
A really good professor, one of the best I've ever had. If you pay attention in the lectures, and do all the homework and lab activities, you can easily get a good grade in the class. There are many office hours with many different TAs and with Tim too, and they normally answer the help email really fast.
The lectures were enjoyable to attend! This is the first time that I have done any kind of coding and it was a lot of work, but if I can pull it off, so can you. If you put in the work and reach out for help resources, it's definitely do-able. Tim and the TAs were more than willing to help!
This was a great class! I think if you have no coding experience you have to go into it knowing you're practically learning a new language. It is hard at first but that it to be expected. If you put in the work and make sure you actually understand the concepts you're applying then you'll succeed.
The class was difficult, but extremely doable thanks to Professor Wrenn's clear lectures that explicitly spell out each element of the 3 part programming assignment that makes up the core of this course. Although the course is graded by TAs, the Professor was willing to evaluate and correct a grade he really didn't have to. He's clear, he cares.
Amy larson is the best teacher i have ever had in my life. Idk about all those comments but i have had her for two years now and she is always available for her students no matter what time of the day it is. She will not go easy on you though and she will definitely make sure you work for your grade.
She is the best teacher i have ever had. Her advice is absolutely valuable. No stress class. If you are struggling with finals, exam, test, ... Take her class. You don't need to study for them, just come to class and enjoy the lecture. Most problems in exams, you definitely can study during lecture time, then do some quick review at home.
She is one of my favorite professor in UMN. Don't expect her help you debug your code, it's not a good learning style. Discuss with her in office hour about your ideas. Her advices are definitely valuable. She cares about EACH of you. A ton of homework, but the greater the effort, the sweeter the reward.
Amazing classes, easy to learn, good professor.
I took CSCI5551 - Intelligent Robot Systems with Professor Desingh. Karthik is a great professor; his lectures are clear and interesting (he connects topics to research and industry), the grading criteria is very clear, he is open to help students and makes himself available, and he encourages feedback.
Very caring professor and highly recommended!
Professor Bartucz was one of the best CS lecturers I have had yet. He was very straightforward with both expectations for the class and the grading requirements. Additionally, his lectures were not rigid and unmoving like some professors, rather he cared more about student input. Highly recommend.
Such a good and smart prof, I really enjoyed her class and thought she was great at explaining difficult concepts. You have to go to lecture and read the assigned textbook sections. Going to her office hours and the discussion wont hurt either. Do not expect to get a good grade without putting in any effort. 100% would take another of her classes
The class follows closely along with the textbook. Lectures were much more digestible than the book and cleared up confusing parts. Midterms and final were 75% of grade and were overall not that bad. All tests are open notes which made them a lot easier. The professor was very approachable and helpful during office hours.
I took my first level 4000 comsci class with this professor and although she definitely aspects you to take her class seriously, and do the assigned readings and problems, after having a mental health episode she went out of her way to accommodate me and made sure I could continue her course, something many professors would not do.
Kate is a fantastic example of what you want in a Computer Science professor. She cares about students, has great lectures with examples that are very easy to follow, and is very good at creating quizzes that reflect going above and beyond. I did have to work harder than I expected, but nonetheless a great professor in a great class.
TAKE WITH HER!
People will always complain about a wonderful, caring, and brilliant professor. Prof Kate grades harshly on homework but is honestly super lenient on exams (midterm). Best option this sem but still a tough class.
You can tell how intelligent prof Kate is by the way she speaks. She is extremely thorough in lectures which is a blessing if you're leaning discrete math. She works through plenty of examples. Problem sets were due Friday (carve out 4 hours to complete) and moderate difficulty weekly quizzes (no tests but final). So sweet! I looked forward to lec
Kate is clearly passionate about her class and the content she teaches. Not only does she teach the material well, but she offers an intuitive perspective. Absolutely charismatic. She is very engaged while lecturing and may occasionally gloss over something not obvious to the students, but never hold back from asking questions.
Kate is a gem. She is one of those people who are hilarious without even trying. Her tests and quizzes are very fair and you will do well if you do the reading and pay attention in discussion and lecture. Although 90% of our grade was midterms and quizzes, you got a note sheet and could drop the lowest midterm and lowest 2 quizzes.
Kate is simply amazing. The material is not easy, however she is ALWAYS willing to help, answer questions, be available outside of class, etc. You are gadded on quizzes and tests with a small discussion portion. WORK HARD early on in the class, you will thank yourself later. READ THE TEXTBOOK before class. This textbook is the best I've ever had.
Her lectures are clear; I really like her style of teaching. She obviously has a passion for math and that makes her lectures more enjoyable. The class was based on 4 tests and a quiz each week. Kate is a gem, take 2033 or 2011 with her if you can.
Discrete mathematics was not the most interesting topic but she did a really great job of bringing enthusiasm to her lectures. Reading the book and doing the exercises will make quizzes and tests pretty easy.
One of the best professors I've ever had. Her classes aren't going to be easy, however she explains things very well and very approachable for questions. She teaches 4041 with a theoretical approach so there isn't any coding involved, but you'll still be writing pseudocode. This is a difficult course, but you'll learn a lot.
Lectures were clear and well taught. The cut off for an A (not A-) was 95 which is too high but the cut off for a B (not B-) is an 80 so the system hurts or helps depending on what you're ok with. Prof Jensen is a very approachable and nice person and she clearly knows the topic so I would recommend taking her.
Lectures are usually pretty similar to the textbook, but she lays things out a little more clearly. Start homework early since it takes some time, but they're reasonable. Tests are SO much easier than the homework - she really sets you up for success. Gives random extensions to homework sometimes. Loved being in her class.
Kate was my first professor in the CSCI department. She is so excited about the material it makes you want to be excited about it too! She's quirky and sweet, and forgets what she was going to say sometimes, but it just makes you remember she's a real person. Her tests and homeworks are hard, but it's all with the intention of you learning.
She is a great lecturer. Good understanding, good way of teaching, good design of course. Her homework may be tough compared to other instructors, but overall I think she is great.
Great teacher, really understood the material in depth and could explain it well. There are quizzes every week, as well as assignments every other week. Honestly, if you show up to class and read the textbook you'll do just fine.
Kate's lectures were pretty fantastic. While you can probably skip and just read the in the book, you will be sure to understand the concept after a lecture. Instead of big exams, she opts for weekly quizzes that keep you on track the entire semester. This is a great decision, IMO. Although, the final was a lot harder than she made it out to be
Kate Jensen explains abstract concepts extremely clear, excellent lecturer. Lectures are helpful and very intriguing. Kate knows what's up.
She taught everything as clear. Her quizzes were so quite easy as long as you do homework. Final was quite similar to all quizzes. I would recommend this class if you really wanna know what's the basic math in Computer science and prepare for the upper computer science class.
She's really awesome. Explains stuff really well. Doesn't want her students to fail. Gives you many chances to earn extra credit points. I actually learned a lot in this class.
Prof. Jensen provided the most clear explanations and examples I have ever seen from a professor, in a class (Formal Languages and Automata Theory) which did not lend itself to simplicity. Her grading policy was not quite accurate (each randomly graded HW question was effectively 2% of your grade), but the midterm and final were very fair.
The class was a reasonable difficulty level (not too difficult), if you pay attention, you should be fine. The lectures walks you through each concept, which prepares you for the topics on the mid-terms. Make sure to do the homework and projects. She gives you ample opportunity to ask questions during lecture and has easy to read slides.
Jensen was an amazing professor, she was clear in her lectures and gave a very generous curve for the midterm and final. She didn't require attendance but gave extra credit near the end of the semester for doing in-class exercises. The projects in the class take a lot of time to do so, you MUST start early. All together she was a great professor.
Professor Jensen is great. Her lectures are clear, and she did way more than just read slides. She'll go over anything multiple times if you just ask, and she does live coding on the whiteboard which is great for seeing how the algorithm or whatever the topic is works step by step. Do your reading in advance and come to class with questions.
Very good professor, makes class interesting and tries to keep everyone engaged
This class will teach you the fundamentals of front-end development and Kluver does a great job at teaching it. Homework can be tough if you start late on them. Google is your best friend so make sure you know how to utilize Google effectively!
Professor Kluver is a phenomenal lecturer. Explained concepts well and coherently with a lecture slide. There is a slack channel which you can easily connect w/ other students & ask questions, all the TA's/professors were easily reachable via office hours. Weekly lab and three projects (no exams!) were reasonably challenging. Weekly reading & quiz.
This was the most useful class I've taken. It's also a ton of work. A lot of this work is self study, and much of it is in groups. Kluver's attitude is somewhat overstated, but it is there sometimes. But if you have any interest in fullstack development, this class is a must. Every single technology covered has current industry relevance.
I've worked for him and been his student. Great professor, one of the best instructors in the department. If you see him as an option for any CSCI class, take it. Enough said
5117 with him is probably the most useful computer science course I have taken, and that's even as someone with practical industry experience beforehand. You will learn so many lessons and valuable skills in this class. It's a lot of work, but Kluver is accessible for feedback and clearly cares about students (although he is blunt, to be fair).
Professor Kluver is the best professor that I've had so far. His lectures are engaging and funny, and he'll get back to an email or a question in slack in less than a half hour. My only downfall in this class was not getting a couple of quizzes in on time (entirely my fault). Just go to lecture and you'll do great.
Daniel is amazing. He gives his lectures with great enthusiasm. The labs and projects are well prepared and have very detailed grading rubrics, and he always handles re-grading requests personally -- very careful teacher! The emails and messages on Slack are always replied quickly.
Kluver is very knowledgable, and quick to respond over Slack and email. TAs are excellent and also approachable. The projects are interesting, and he records all lectures. Quizzes are easy, but prepare to learn a lot of the content for the projects on your own. He is reasonably patient with in-class questions. Uses Zybooks for the textbook.
Professor Kluver is great. He spends time to check to see if people are understanding the content and paces lecture accordingly. Each lecture has a practical warm up activity that helps with absorption of the material. Labs (effectively homework) are a duo activity and can be done 100% with a partner. Projects, while difficult have plenty of time.
Professor Kluver gives very clear instructions on every assignment and explains concepts in a very clear manner. One of the best teachers I've ever had.
Groovy
Take this professor. CSCI1913 has no tests or final, just quizzes, labs and homework. Amazing. Love Kluver.
Daniel Kluver is probably one of the best computer science professors here at the U. He genuinely cares about his students and wants them to succeed to the best of their ability. And also, his csci 1913 course is graded very generously, allowing you to focus on developing your skills rather than chasing points for a grade.
As I mentioned in the tags, he can answer your easy questions with detailed explanations. The only homework is a weekly lab.
Hands down the best CS Prof at UMN so far. An absolutely outstanding person, and oh yeah he knows a thing or two about programming on the side. Makes intense concepts easily digestible and straightforward, Projects and labs are almost given to you on a silver platter. Python is great but Java is even better. I only wish he taught more CSCI courses!
Prof Kluver is a funny guy who gives you great feedback on your work. He cares a lot about his students and tries to provide great opportunities for learning. Great professor, would recommend.
Great lectures. Primarily project/assignment based. Lots of cool learning of modern frameworks. Very, very accessible via Slack. Responds very quickly. Very willing to help students with any troubles they have. Very knowledgeable. Like the focus on having students look up and learn things by themselves but with guidance in the lectures.
Daniel Kluver is absolutely great, if you see that he will be your instructor for any class, take HIS COURSE. He is very knowledgeable about all his content and tries to be as flexible as possible for students. I have gotten emails back from him within minutes and he is a great lecturer. Take his courses!
A phenomenal and passionate instructor. The course was very challenging as it essentially gave an overview of the entire field of web dev with a big emphasis on exploring frameworks on your own, but he was always available to help. I went from almost no web dev experience to deploying 2 full web apps in just a semester, highly recommend this course
Overall, Professor Kluver was a great instructor, and you could tell that he was invested in the success of his students. He was very attentive to each of his students, answering any question given to him in a way that was easy to understand. Lectures were always fun and interactive.
Fall 2021 (did not have midterms or finals due to concerns about COVID.) You can get nearly 100% on all labs and projects because teaching staff is available to help and you can test it before hand. Do the assignments and you'll get a good grade. You'll actually want to go to his class because of his amazing lectures and teaching.
Professor Kluver is the BEST!! I cannot stress this enough. He is very accessible outside of class when you need help. Even minutes before something is due, and you need an answer fast, you can count on his reply. He is very respectful and caring--never makes you feel stupid for asking questions, no matter what kind. Overall, a stunning lecturer!
Groovy.
Amazing professor. As a first-time programmer who was very nervous for this class, he made me feel welcomed in the community and he inspired me to continue taking classes in computer science. Grade is comprised of weekly reading, lab, quiz, and homework. The homework was by far the most difficult part, but it never felt unfair or too overwhelming.
Daniel was extremely helpful for anyone struggling with material if you reached out to him. He'd show up in our lab zoom outside of office hours if we had technical difficulties and was overall a great guy. Lecture were very accessible and once a week there'd be graded group activities in class but they were easy.
Daniel Kluver is the kind of professor who easily adapts to the current situation to the point of having no tests. He's very charming, and taught the class very well. He's very quick to responding to questions that people have, and answers EVERY SINGLE QUESTION people have. I would say so much more, but I'm running out of room.
Prof Kluver is a great guy who genuinely cares about his students. Took online during covid-19: weekly lab, quiz, reading, and HW (no tests!). Easy to get an A on HW since TAs are always available. Kluver responds quickly on Slack. He's a flexible professor. Quizzes aren't hard. In class participation for 1 lecture a week. Explains things well.
COVID REMOTE CLASS: Lecture attendance is non-mandatory, except wednesday for in-class exercises. Weekly readings, homework (writing code) and short quizzes, no tests. Lab is super helpful for passing the class. Overall, you can get 100% on all the assignments if you just ask for help and keep trying, because you get feedback as you work.
Daniel Kluver is an epic prof who seems to really care about his students and his explanations of computer science are great and easy to remember.
Daniel Kluver is an incredible professor and a really cool guy. This class was difficult but it was the perfect amount of challenging and I actually learned a lot. Labs are probably the worst aspect to the class, but I would recommend Kluver to anyone taking computer science courses for he is excellent and his class makes you feel accomplished.
Prof Kluver is reason I decided to pursue computer science as a career, he presents materials almost as if he is a motivational speaker and wants to inspire you to code! The projects are hard and will require work and time but there are so many TAs and office hours that you will always get help. The exams are not very hard.
This class was tough but that is probably due to it being my first coding class. In the end, for all the work it was, I learned a lot and Professor Kluver + the TAs were very instrumental in learning C++ well.
I have not understood anything in my 3 years at this school besides what this man has taught me. In my opinion, he is very good at explaining things with clarity and in detail in lecture; and often he reviews things from the previous lecture to make sure big concepts stick. I appreciate his genuineness and teaching ability; would recommend!
His lectures are very logical and easy to follow (sometimes he might've even gone a little slow), and he's just a fun guy . Tests and projects are usually pretty easy. If you have any questions, email the course staff email and you'll usually get a super quick and very helpful response from Kluver himself. Great dude.
His labs and projects are some really meaningful stuff that help u learn. Overall he is a funny guy and a quick email replier if u reach out to him outside of class. Sometimes his explanation is wordy along with a bunch of typos. Do the hw and projects and u'll do fine
Fun and meaningful projects! He is a nice person and explains the lecture very well.
Kluver is one of the best professors I've had at the U. He really takes time to put together quality presentations that are well-organized, structured, concise, and informative. Lots of TA and instructor office hours to go to. He also loves taking and answering questions-- a big part of his lecture. Great teaching style.
Best professor at the U. Really tries to help his students and gives good feedback.
Kluver really cares about his students and is an excellent teacher. His class was the brightspot in a really rough semester.
Kluver is always really helpful and responds to emails faster than you can write them! If he is your professor, you will enjoy the class! He says GROOVY and is always cracking jokes! I also had him for 1913
Professor Kluver was the best professor I have had so far. You can tell he is passionate about what he is teaching and that he cares about all of his students.
Great professor, he really does everything he can to make this class easier for students. I didnt think I would like CSCI, but his lectures made it doable. Hes hilarious and makes lectures fun. He responds to emails in a matter of minutes with good responses. If you go to lab, do the hw, and pay attention youll do just fine.
Really liked professor Kluver, he's a quirky guy and is very funny in lectures. I thought he did a good job making the lectures interesting and engaging the students. His grading was delayed but it didn't matter because it was relatively easy to get an A. Pretty reasonable midterms with clear questions and very high averages (above 85)
Mr. Kluver is a far-out and fun professor. I would say "groovy" but that's his line, he uses that to check if the class is ready to move on. He presents in an easy-going but professional manner. He makes lectures a blast to go to. He can be a bit honest with his students, but he is a great teacher especially for freshmen. You don't have to read too
Super sarcastic and a great sense of humor, made going to lectures pretty fun. Weekly homework assignments that are pretty time consuming, but overall useful in terms of gaining experience with coding and problem solving. Useful lab. Grading was pretty slow, but he was really great about encouraging and responding to questions and emails promptly.
Fantastic professor. He is clearly very invested in actually teaching well. Always energetic and has interesting lectures. He obviously wants the students to learn and commits his time to it. Very helpful and easily accessible outside of class. Homework can be difficult, be Pr. Kluver is very helpful over email and in office hours.
A little disorganized, sometimes assignments don't come out on time. Also, just a hint of profanity in lectures here and there.
3081 itself is a goofy class that teaches some questionable things, and the group project codebase is a mess. Shonal, however, is a great professor who has a lot of real-world SWE experience he brings to lectures. He's fun to listen to and brings a perspective that those professors who are only experienced in academia can't offer.
A 1xxx level course disguised as a 3xxx level course :)
Labs were handouts, super easy as long as you can read english. If you did the labs, you should be able to do the final project, since its literally just another lab but you get to decide how you want to do it. Quizzes were super easy, straight from the lecture slides. HW1 basic C++ project, HW2 basic UML diagrams, HW3 medium difficulty testing.
Great professor for 3081W.
Shonal is an amazing lecturer, his lectures are actively fun, which is surprising considering the class material is inconceivably boring. The class is ridiculously easy in general but the final project/homework is more difficult than you think it would be. Quizzes are open internet, and deadlines are generous.
Shonal was a great professor to have for 3081. He is very understanding of a student's schedule and made sure we knew to start early on homeworks to save us from getting too stressed. TAs for the class we great as well.
Homeworks and labs can be quite annoying, but TAs are helpful, and Shonal's lectures are pretty top notch, especially for a CS class.
One of the top Profs in the CSE dept. Great lectures (that are actually not boring to attend), labs, and quizzes. You learn a ton in this class, and the grade comes with the learning. Highly recommended.
Shonal was a great professor and lecturer. The first three weeks have long zybook assignments that seem unnecessary. Much of the grade is homework's (50%). Half of homework's are just write ups with fairly broad instructions. Late policy on assignments: you get a zero. Overall not too tough though and Shonal is good at explaining concepts.
the TA with a balayage is so goated!!! she taught me everything from scratch
Professor Challou was a great professor for this course. He is clearly passionate about the topic and makes the material digestible and easy to understand. The pace of the course was nearly perfect and the grading was clear. He spends time in lectures answering questions and going over solutions rather than solely reading off a slideshow.
Dr. Dan was one of my favorites. He was the kindest instructor I've had, funny too. He really genuinely cares. Unlike previous reviews, I really found his lectures to be helpful. My only complaint is that at the beginning of the semester, there are so many ZyBooks assignments, In the end they are helpful, just make sure you take the time to do them
Very approachable professor. Understanding and kind but fair. There are a lot of assignments for Zybooks and participation- especially early on in the semester- but they are pretty straightforward and helpful for learning the material.
I'm writing this review because Dr. Challou's class is unfairly rated low. My tips are to ask questions via email or look things up, and do the participation exercises. There are at least 10 pts of extra credit for every HW and the exam and final project is not hard. Also grading with TAs is fast so you get good feedback.
honestly bro Challou is goated, dude is the nicest professor i've had he reminds me of my grandpa. he may go on completely irrelevant tangents but honestly i don't care. the class was easy albeit I had to do a lot of googling and reading. Challou, what a man you are...
This class is pretty straight forward and teaches you the basics of web development. Dan does a good job of making sure everyone understands the tools necessary to complete the assignments and provides starter code for most projects. The only thing I disliked about this class is that there are 2 exams weighted at 25% each. Solid class overall.
Dan is a real character. I enjoyed his warm, lighthearted personality throughout the course. Although his lectures aren't always very clear, he's really great at responding to questions and clearing things up. Assignments are clear and approachable. Course organization is somewhat lacking, but Dan makes it work.
Fun, interesting class, very approachable instructor, on top of course organization, lecture content, TA management, and keeping the class informed of changes and upcoming events. 4131 in particular is quite easy with any prior web development experience whatsoever, and should be definitely okay for those without any previous experience.
Dan is a funny, laid-back professor who really wants students to understand the material. He goes through many examples in class to reinforce what he is teaching. Homeworks and exams are very fair and practical. I never felt like I was doing "busy work" or was taking unfair exams. Dan made 4131 a great class that I'd recommend taking with him.
Prof. Challou is one of the best professors I had during my time in UMN. His lecture examples are fantastic and give valuable insights into the projects assigned. His projects are doable and well structured. Exams test your conceptual understanding of the material, but are manageable. I took 3081W with him too and loved the class.
Challou is a really nice guy. If you go to class, pay attention, and read his slides, you will pass his class with good grades! He's also very approachable in person. Overall, I strong recommend taking classes with him.
If you do the readings and know what is in the materials, you will be fine. Challou is a really nice person.
Zhao is the best ML professor at the university. Works towards building your intuition while not making you stress too much on mathematics. Homework doesn't take too long if you pay attention to lectures. Grading is pretty lenient. I've never seen a professor take feedback and apply it so well to a course as she does. Highly recommend.
Professor Zhao and the TAs were awesome. The course's material can be very difficult, but the professor did an awesome job of providing examples and simplifying it. The course is very math-heavy.
The professor was okay! Clear and very interesting class format. I got a good grade because I started the hw early. Overall great class to take if you are interested in ML.
Prof Zhao did a great job of adapting to online teaching and she even asked for class feedback midway through. Grading was very timely and professional with auto-grading for code. Quizzes were really easy. Exams were in line with homework. Best professor I've had so far at UMN. Highly recommended for Intro to ML.
Good explainer, clearly cases about her students
Prof. Catherine was probably one of the most organized prof in CSCI department. She is so caring and even through COVID, she made sure that the class was accessible to everyone! Absolutely take this class with her if you can!
Cannot say enough positive things about her! She has a strong understanding of the content. Clear grading rubric. Midterms and quizzes were super straightforward to the material covered in class so if you pay attention, you'll do well. You can really tell that she respects and cares about the students and learning the material.
I cant say enough good things about this prof! Very clear grading standards. All problems on tests are straight from lecture and discussion. Cares more about you learning than grades. Honestly, the best part of her class was how attentive she was to us students. She respected us, and I appreciated that. Her TAs were really great too! Easy A!
Professor Catherine is a great professor and you can see that she understands and presents the material really well. She also cares about teaching the fundamental of a concept instead of just throwing a bunch of formulas at you. Her tests are easy as long as you attend and understand the lectures. Should be an easy A.
Catherine is amazing!! Took this class online during COVID. Quizzes and midterms were extremely manageable is you showed up to lecture and tried. If you have done Linear Algebra before this class will be even easier. Homework programming assignments (3) are nothing to worry about, if you start early. Wouldn't recommend anyone else for this course!
I have taken her online CSCI2033. She is an amazing instructor and TAs are very patient for any questions and accessible at any time. If you email a question, you will get a response in 30 mins. Her lecture is clear. There are also many online resources you can use. You can definitely learn a lot from her!
She is so great and nice. Clear expectations going in to each quiz and midterm (which were open note). She takes feedback from students and actually implements it which is great.
This is by far the most well organized class I have taken online. All of the exams feel very fair, and lectures are great at conveying the course material in a clear and engaging way. If you see Zhao as an option for linear alg, she is 1000x better than the other professors you can take it with.
One of the most caring professors I have met here so far. Good lecturers and a pretty easy class.
Catherine's lectures were actually not terrible, which is a rarity in the CSci department unfortunately. 2033 as a class is really easy, and Catherine usually makes things easier by explaining things clearly and making fair quizzes and tests. If you do all the homework problems in the book (using Slader for help) this class is as free an A as any.
Reasonable homework, quizzes, and tests. Read textbook chapters before class (with supplementary videos when necessary), and lectures are mostly review a bit of useful information. Do the homework. There is no attendance taking, so you don't need to go to the discussions if you understand the content. Dr. Zhao is very responsive outside of class.
Just go to lecture and discussion and actually listen and you'll be completely fine.
Amazing professor, take her if you can. She is extremely caring and always goes above and beyond. Show up to class, do the practice problems and the class should be an easy A. You can always learn more by visiting with her, which she is very willing to do. Take her if you can.
She was the best professor I've had so far at UMN. She is caring, transparent, responsible.
She's just amazing, her class is very detailed, could easily get an A if you show up to her lecture and take notes... she was very helpful when it comes to homework and her exams are not hard at all if you study for like 30 mins every day.
Catherine is a great professor, she explains concepts clearly and is always willing to answer any questions that come up. She frequently asks for our feedback so she can make this class not stressful for us. Quizzes are easy, midterms are barely harder, and the homework wasn't too bad once you get the hang of it. She drops one quiz and one HW.
Professor Zhao has been my favorite professor at the U of M so far, and strives to truly teach each student well. She is extremely caring and very willing to help if you seek it out. The class is challenging, but you will learn A LOT and an A is achievable. She has very good reviews at the University and the low ratings below are astonishing.
Catherine is exceptional. Yes, the material is difficult, its grad level ML. But, simple/straightforward tests + heavy homework grade weight means if you are working to complete and understand the homework, you WILL get a good grade. Go to office hours; its obvious Catherine cares that you do well and will take the time to make sure you understand
