Had him Spring 2009. Great instructor. Very rare language problems. Always wiling to help explain after class. He'll be missed.
Great professor! He had such excitement about the material that it wasn't nearly as dry as it could have been. I would definitely take a class from him again!
Wei is a great prof. He really knows how to get people to learn the material. I really enjoyed his class even if i hated the material.
Dr. Carlis uses an active teaching style, which means he expects you to read before hand and then show up and participate in in-class group exercises. Now, this is not how STEM courses are usually taught and many students may rebel because they dont appreciate the teaching style. However, it is a good style and I learned a lot.
Carlis' teaching methods are very non-traditional, so students used to standard methods find him difficult. But because of his class, I learnt how to communicate as an engineer! Very interactive, eye-opening classes. You cannot learn this stuff from a book.
The people who complain about Professor Carlis are the ones who choose not to take initiative and study on their own. He's a fantastic professor who encourages group work and provides examples in class that progress in difficulty as the lecture goes on. Really helped me to like computer science with good humor and attitude. Don't listen to others.
also CSCI 1901. He's a fun and challenging teacher, who involves his class and encourages you to learn through interaction and discussion, not just listening or reading. He has a non-traditional teaching style which may be hard for some students to adjust to, but for me is the best I've encountered at the U. :)
Very helpful. Interesting and clear.
He takes teaching very seriously. Oftentimes, when explaining his reasons for doing things a certain way, he will cite a study done on teaching and learning methods. He knows exactly what he's doing and can make classes interesting for people who have a background in computer science while still making it accessible for beginners.
Prof. Riedl is a fun professor -- he's very energetic about what he teaches and has the ability to clearly communicate with the students. I didn't really care for his quizzes -- trying to read someone else's code (his) and make corrections to it via pencil/paper is never fun in a timed environment. Otherwise it was an easy, informative course.
One of the best professors I ever had. Very enthusiastic, knows the subject very well and makes students think and participate in the lectures. I would highly recommend to take his classes. I also took 5131 with Dr. Riedl and it very good as well. The only negative comment is that he doesn't reply his emails very well so go to his office
Although he was much more helpful than most instructors, I personally found it difficult to understand how he got his answers, even after the exam. In other words, I wish he had taught more how to find information.
Very approachable and helpful. He definitely doesn't coddle students through the material, but we're all the better for it! If you have the chance, take a class from this nerd(and I mean nerd in a good way!)! :-P
Riedl is such a freaking dork. It's good though that he's so intense about the subject matter. He's not going to force you to stare at powerpoint presentations all day long and seems genuinely interested in learning himself.
Great professor. Lectures are somewhat boring, but then again, computer programming is bound to be. Very clear explanations of everything, and reasonable tests. The way it's set up, you'll learn most of the stuff in lab. Highly recommend him, he does a great job.
Good prof, has very clear explanations and wants his students to succeed. The first few lectures are boring, since he starts slowly, but don't skip because the pace will speed up. Exams aren't bad since you get a crib sheet. Make sure to go to labs - that is where you do most of the learning (the TAs rock).
This is a tough class but Professor Swanson takes the time to provide detailed instructions and examples. Available by phone, email, or office hours. Very nice teacher that cares about the students.
Very easy course for the logically minded. The lectures were very straightforward and new material was presented sequentially with source code examples posted with comments online. The so-called applications to sci/eng were extremely trivial--the course is presumably more to acquaint you with programming than to use advanced numerical techniques.
Nice guy, clear teaching. Recitation complimented lecture better than any other class I've taken, so make sure to go to it! Paced class well, tests were not easy, but they were fair, and we got a cheat sheet (you need it in a class like numerical computing). Homeworks could be long, but they prepared you for the test.
He's an awesome guy, and a pretty good professor. He's here for the students.
This guy worked as a programmer forever, and never really taught until he came here. Refreshing that he doesn't have bad U of M habits (as far as teaching goes). Oh yeah and he spent a butt-load of time with people during office hours, and would stay late if people wanted him to after lecture.....
He teaches good! He makes his students to think very hard. However, he's also tough. It's very hard to get a good grade from him.
Definately instigated some of the most class participation I have experienced at the U. He was very engaging though the material got confusing/difficult at times. His speech patterns did present the occasional misunderstanding. Overall a good instructor, and nice guy.
Class is focused around a group project, as long as you complete the tasks decently, you'll pass the class
Despite being an introductory class, it is highly recommended that you have some prior knowledge/experience coding in any language. Dr. Terveen is a very attentive professor and will a lot more time for topics of importance. He provides substantial feedback and carefully picks TAs that have previously taken the course to aid students.
A really nice dude who is always willing to help.
Prof. Terveen is wonderful, however do not be fooled by the 'Introduction to' status of 1133H. If you have absolutely 0 previous experience with computer science, this course will be extremely challenging to the point of impossible to do alone. Luckily, you are encouraged to work together on the rather difficult projects.
helpful and care about the students.
Professor Terveen is a solid teacher. He has a passion for computer science and is completely willing to help any student. Although his tests are a bit long and wordy for 25 minutes, they do cover exactly what he went over in lecture and what is on the homework.
Not bad Prof., good at getting you into the subject of user interface design
He does his part. His lectures are informative and supplement the text-book quite well. I wished the text-book used the same proof format as he had, but this is what I would say regardless of who the course instructor had been.
No Comments
Not sure why his rating is so low, but he's not bad. Lectures are ok. HW and projects aren't too much work, but can be sometimes confusing, though TAs can clarify things during office hours. If you liked CSCI2021 you will probably like this class; it covers same thing but in more depth. MIPS is used instead of x64. Also goes into Verilog
Prof. Lilja does a great job of introducing coding (C/C++). His lectures are clear and he assigns homework that solidifies the topics. Working with the photon microcontrollers is fun and interesting and the final project is a fun and meaningful way to end the course. Homework is reasonable and tests are pretty average difficulty.
He had solid lectures and did well explaining things especially when he took the time to demonstrate by writing on the board. He answers questions straightforwardly. There weren't any test prep help and he could assign homework that is more like the tests, but that is my only complaint.
No Comments
His lectures are a very easy to listen & fun. The best part is that whatever he teaches stays with you forever. Great Professor.
Having jokes during lecture made lecture fun. A lot of demonstration and code review.
projects will take you a while, but tests are easy (open book). his lectures are ok mostly, but books and SO are clearer sometimes. if you want to learn mainly from lecture then he is not the best choice for you. nice guy, I also like his jokes... last but not least you need 95 for A, but it's really not as hard as it sounds.
He is passionate about his class and care the students, some accents though as a foreigner
Examples and analogies are effective and useful
The slides are well prepared. Explain concepts with very intuitive examples.
Good instructor. Stergios' lectures are very clear, and he ensures that students understand basic concepts even to the point of belaboring certain points. His problem sets are original, challenging and well-designed. Exams are comparably straightforward and easy. Stergios also has an interesting lisp. Recommended on the whole
Great professor. Has a very low tolerance for late assignments, but if you come in late you can turn it in by singing a song to the class. Tests and quizzes were fair and evaluated the learned material well. Some concepts were challenging and his accent was sometimes hard to understand, but he always rephrased if someone had a question.
Professor Isler has been my favorite CSCI professor I have ever had. His lectures are straight forward and filled with many examples (similar to the ones on the exam). If you pay attention in class and do the discussion examples you will end up with a good grade in the class! I would definitely take another course with Professor Isler!
His lectures are just at the right pace. There are rational amount of homework and quiz that keep you on track each week and he gives extra credit on EVERY one of them! One thing I don't like about this course is sometimes the homework comes out later than quiz on same material, so the homework doesn't always help you prepare the quiz.
I'll start off by saying that he is extremely smart, and you can definitely tell he wants his students to succeed. However, he also wants to challenge students to the fullest - so be prepared for some of the longest and most difficult homework you've ever had. Start it at least one week in advance though and you should do fine.
Excellent Professor. Very hard course which will eat up all your time the whole semester. After taking this course, your friends will call you names, like the "Machine Learning guy" but... At the end, you feel like it's all worth it. Arindam is very passionate and I do think he will be someone really huge in Machine Learning some day. I recommend!
The best professor at UMN-TC. His courses are amazing. His teaching style is perfect. Such professors at UMN-TC are tough to find.
Expect to teach yourself just about everything, but if you have an interest it shouldn't be hard. The material taught in this course is pretty important and unfortunately it isn't really taught in a way that presents it as such. Pretty much hands you everything on a plate + tons of regrade opportunities. Good for your GPA but not for comprehension.
When it comes to teaching, he isn't the best at, which he constantly admits during lectures. However, with lack of teaching skills, he makes up for it with helping students at anytime of the day. He is a funny guy, and I ended up learning a lot from this course.
Imagine you had the opportunity to live in a world populated by unicorns and then imagine a world not-populated by unicorns. There are only two people who have ever made me believe unicorns exist: Ricky Rubio and Baylor Wetzel. He is honest, cares that you learn important stuff, and is fair. Three qualities that all unicorns are born with.
Baylor, I don't know where to begin praising this guy. During the semester he will make you feel like you are doing pretty bad, which makes you work even harder. His grading is not so strict, but rest assured you will learn a ton from his class. Lectures are funny and interesting. You can make his class a programming one by taking bounty projects.
Extremely funny and extremely helpful. He is the best professor I've had at the U so far. He makes the class very easy and spaces out the homework well so you actually have fun while learning. Honestly, you should take any class he teaches imo.
He will keep you laughing the entire class, and yet can actually teach effectively. Very helpful, and takes feedback seriously. The writing assignments can be difficult, but the homework isn't bad. He does sometimes push the boundaries of political correctness, but for the most part he's hilarious. Honestly, it's a shame he only teaches AI.
Great TA he was really fun and did a good job of explaining everything in lab. In my opinion he's better than the professor. Pretty easy grader I got a good grade on all the homework and labs. Tests for this class are hard if you have Carlis.
Steve was a good lecturer overall - csci isnt an overly exciting topic but he made the lectures interesting and funny (he has a pretty good sense of humor). If you do the programming practices each week like youre supposed to, you shouldnt have much trouble with anything in the class. Ive ever programmed before, and am probably getting an A.
Jensen, while he can be a bit annoying, is generally clear, helpful, and overall funny. He clearly enjoys teaching, but the lectures and readings are optional (and boring). Even though the exercise sets are also optional, do them. They're good practice for the written quizzes and programming exams. TAs are also helpful. I would recommend this guy.
I've never done programming before, but I was interested in a Compsci degree. This class confirmed my interest. Just make sure to attend the labs and lecture, maybe do an exercise or two a week. Make sure to keep in mind the things he says in lecture and use it in the labs. Exams aren't hard if you start early and take your time.
The class uses a Python operating system that is pretty easy to learn. There are weekly quizzes on the weekly reading assignments. Sometimes he doesn't go over the quiz material so the readings are a must for a good grade. The TAs in lab are super helpful and can answer any questions you have during their office hours! Go to them for help!
His lectures might be seen as overly intense by some, but if you're looking to go into computer science there's not a better professor to have for an introductory course. He drills the fundamentals into you and is pretty accessible outside of lecture. Class is graded on weekly quizzes and three take-home exam. Labs are mandatory but pretty doable.
Was a fun professor who knew what he was doing. Really liked his jokes and anecdotes. Lectures were really useful, and so were the labs. I personally thought the homework assignments were quite useless, as they were different from what you do on the exams. As long as you take notes and review them before the exams, you'll do well.
Prof Jensen gives good lectures that apply directly to homework and tests. Take good notes, add some common sense, and you should have little issue in his Python-based intro to computer science course. Reading the textbook probably isn't necessary, but skimming it is. Definitely look through the book before lab sections.
He even mentions it himself, he loves teaching introductory courses. He wants the class, which ain't easy BTW, to have fun. His lectures ate worth the time. Read weekly, keep up with your homeworks, and you pass.
He can be hard, but if you go to class and lab and keep up with the homework, you'll earn your grade. He's an AMAZING lecturer, and there is tons of help in case you get stuck with something. I feel like he was invested in helping students really learn the material on a deep level, and I really respected that. Really nice guy, also.
Enjoyed having him as a professor.
Great professor! His lectures are interesting and he gives great examples that are often used on the exams. The class increases in difficulty very quickly, so stay caught up. Everything you need to know for the class can be learned by reading the textbook.
If you want to get an A in this course, go to class. He says there's no curving but I was supposed to get a B and got an A-. Midterms are hard at only 50 minutes apiece, but the final was easy if you studied. I would recommend him highly, anyway. He's kind of snarky and can come off as mean, or funny.
A cool professor, very enthusiastic and knowledgable about computer science. The key is to learn in the lab sessions as much as you can (he intends for you to do the hands-on learning in the lab). You get the labs = you get the homework. Exams are very fair, sometimes he allows open book and notes (but depends), if you study you'll do good.
The course can be quite hard if you have absolutely no background in programming. Midterms are reasonably easy but require a bit of thinking as they are only 50 minutes. Otherwise, his lectures are knowledgeable and you learn a lot from his homework!
If you are looking to learn programming, DON'T take this course. Take it because you want to learn a problem-solving approach. Jensen designed the course, so he's pretty knowledgeable. He can be rude when you ask questions, so beware. If you can, learn programming from Codeacademy before taking this course otherwise its a pretty tough course.
A professor who is straight forward about grading n stuff and goes strictly by it. Requires a bit of intuition if you have dont have C++ background. A good professor overall.
Homework was straightforward, most of the problems can be figured out from book examples. Looked at some interesting CS applications of linear algebra as well. Lectures and discussion seemed to be there to supplement your own work. The tests were a level up from the homework, though... would have been nice to have similar-level HW questions.
Very helpful prefessor as I would say. Clear explanation on each definition of linear algebra. Each term comes with an example showing you how to do this type of question both on the homework and the test.
He had a very clear interest in the subject matter, so he tried to present it the best that he could. Very good for a first year professor, and also assigned homework and labs that were actually beneficial to learning. If I were to take this class again, he is the professor I would choose.
He was obviously interested in the subject, so he was able to present it clearly and creatively.
The class is not a traditional classroom. It is a flipped classroom. This means that we have to read course materials before the class and work with classmates on class-related activities in the classroom. The class is well-organized. Professor is approachable. But I feel it is a bit difficult to use the standard method to judge the instructor.
Attendance in lecture is technically mandatory, but there's a way around her way of taking attendance. 50% of the final grade is based off homework, which are really doable if you start early (you have 2 weeks to do every assignment). There's tons of TA office hours for help, and a lot of extra credit offered. If you do your work, it's an easy A.
1133 is a beginner computer science course. Haiyi's section is technically for people with some programming experience but people with no experience can take her course and pass. She gives homework assignments worth a lot of points but you have two weeks to complete and there are many TA office hour options. Don't plagiarize code and it's an easy A
Nice professor. He is very helpful. Slides includes all materials of the lecture. He requires you to bring your laptop in class to practice your score. The installation is tricky. Grades comes out couple weeks late.
Slideshow lectures. Expects students to bring laptops instead of having a real lab session. Tests and HW are fair, but grading is months late. No standard C++ compiler is specified, leading to porting problems, and G3D is obtuse. Professor also slept through the midterm, causing a delay. Class and HW are fun and he is nice, but poor administration.
I really like Sanjai although his teaching style may catch some unprepared. He teaches in somewhat of an abstract style. As such, the course felt somewhat like a masters level. As such, the assignments at times felt a bit overwhelming and confusing. However, Sanja demonstrates a lot of care for his students and wants to see them perform well.
The throat goat of professors he is very inspiring and his lectures were like high-altitude treks: challenging but rewarding. They were so packed with information that even our laptops struggled to keep up. And don't even get me started on the Wi-Fi in the lecture hall; it was about as reliable as a yaks' sense of direction! Muji
As a fellow Nepali, it really made me happy to see a Nepali professor at the University. He is very funny, but he sometime make mistake when he do the grade. I talk to him in his office hour, and he tell me that I desevere the grade I get. I was mad at first, but he help me see what I did wrong a correct it, very nice guy. HE RODE GOAT TO CLASS :)
Dedicated, passionate. Industry expert vs academic prof. Unique class. Learning is very practical, applicable to SE industry work and not dense, nor theoretical. Very useful group projects that are not trivial and let you explore data eng tech without being intimidating. Some of the readings are low quality. Should narrow content scope a bit.
This is a man I would follow to Mordor itself. One of my new heroes
Great teacher, really knows how to teach reduced row echelon form!
Normal is a guy who seems to really care about his students and always gives good advice about the InfoSec field. Some of the labs were a little confusing at times (he got confused too), I thought most were interesting and I enjoyed them. Papers were really easy and were but also fun to write. There was one big presentation that was done online.
There were a few rough spots, but pretty solid overall. Was accessible and was open to feedback on the course. I had a bit of programming background, but this helped me learn a lot.
Very cool professor. Extremely open to questions and is easy to talk to. The in-class and pre-recorded lectures were super wordy and not especially helpful, but the assignments were. Be prepared to teach yourself everything about the framework you use for your project; the professor and the TAs do not know anything about Android Studio.
Had a 150 min lecture, which wasn't the best. Konstan knows his stuff and has good experience to draw from, but consistently rambles on for too long every single lecture. Overall class is well-designed and is great exposure into UI/UX research & design. Quizzes were open-note, no final exam, just one big semester-long project with weekly TA checkin
Nice person and clearly knowledgeable about recommender systems. Open to feedback and discussion and surprisingly down to Earth. Unfortunately, the flipped classroom (lectures as videos, long discussions where people were voluntold to share) didn't work for me. Least favorite part of the class was all the homework in Excel.
Loved the class I took with Dr Knights. He really wants you to learn but doesn't give a ton of assignments or readings, and is a pretty easy grader. Not a stressful class at all but I learned a ton!
I took this class because the material seemed super interesting and challenging. However, it was mostly just challenging. Unless you have a biology or genetics background, it sounds like he's making stuff up as he goes along and nothing makes sense. He clearly does care about being a good fair professor and will work with students who want to learn
Dan is one of the best teachers I've had at the University of Minnesota. He truly cares about the students taking his course, and it shows by his interactions and his desire for feedback. Dan made CSCI2011 a blast and I wish I could take more courses with him.
1. He's hot. 2. The class is easy if you've ever taken math before
One of the best profs I've had so far. Very good at giving lectures and explaining material well. I found 2033 to be very difficult so you need to work hard for an A. Doesn't explain projects very well and his quizzes and midterms are very tough, but overall good teacher.
The class is incredibly helpful and anyone who is interested in networks should take it. My issue is that he put grading off until the end so I had no idea where I stood all semester. he also didn't post scores on canvas, I just sorta saw my grade posted on MyU but I had no idea what the breakdown was. Super nice guy, but the course felt chaotic.
Homework was graded very harshly. Lectures were pretty good and I could generally follow them. He was a bit messy/unprepared (editing slides during lecture, not having answers to problems during lecture just explaining generally how to do it) but it didn't detract from it much. Overall good professor and good at teaching.
He's a good professor and lecturer, it's just hard to understand some topics from time to time. I would recommend just slightly looking at the textbook ahead of time to get an idea of the material, and then go to lecture and things should go well. The class is just dummy hard because the homework is graded very, very harshly. Good luck
He is a great lecturer, but the class itself is incredibly difficult. He only puts 34% on exams, which are already open note/book. Homework (33%) is very difficult, but most if not all problems can be figured out by looking through the book. The weekly quizzes (33%) are easy since they are open note as well, and ask easier questions than homework.
Prof. Barry is a solid choice. Really nice guy, but his lectures are boring. He regurgitates the textbook and it's often not worth your time. You can learn the material through doing the labs and homework - both are fairly time consuming. However, tests and quizzes are pretty easy if you know what's going on with them.
Personally I do not listen to him in his class because it doesn't make any sense if you do not read the textbook ahead, he doesn't go through with any basics and assume you know everything. What I do was reading the textbook and do the hw and make sure to know stuffs, then I'm just fine. Quizzes and exams are not too hard, I teach myself for all...
Quizzes and tests are there just to make sure you understand what you are doing. As long as you know what's happening, you should be fine.
Quizzes and tests are based heavily off the homework, so as long as you understand each assignment, you should be fine.
Super clear on grading criteria.
Professor Barry is reliable and knowledgable. I had a hard time following him, even though he constantly gave several minutes for us to think. His lecture did make those smart students move faster. Unfortunately, the faster they move, the harder for me to catch up.
The lectures often left me quite confused, but the homework generally clarified the concepts that were covered in lecture. Prof. Barry seems to genuinely want the class to pass with good marks.
Great group projects, but class was a mishmash of various topics. Grading standard often unclear, way too harsh, or applied subjectively by TAs - lots of arguing for points back. He deliberately created women-only project groups, disregarding skill balance, which felt weird and sexist. Easy with Git, C++, and Makefile experience, otherwise beware.
The entire class is a group project that slowly evolves over the course of the semester. The class was pretty boring to me, but it was just that it seemed to progress very slowly. I found the group project to be fairly entertaining. There was 1 midterm it was fairly easy and had some questions that were more opinion based.
Very nice guy, easy and interesting course.
He may not be the most exciting lecturer, but I felt like he actually cared about me passing the class. He is extremely clear about what he wants you to do and doesn't leave anything ambiguous in assignments or tests.
Similar to the case in Mathematics (where professors might get the arithmetic wrong), he makes some mistakes from time to time with codes. He gives pretty good examples and the exams aren't too bad as long as you know what you are doing. Make sure to read the book and go to the labs (they are absolutely essential for developing your skills).
Very good lecturer; he's very clear and direct. I personally didn't get a whole lot out of the lecture, but they were good if that's how you like to learn. I personally learned a whole lot from the lab for this course. The labs are well-structured and aren't impossible, but do give you a nice challenge. The homework is much easier.
The class was structured well, and the professor was a nice man. He was really good about posting class materials and additional resources to the moodle site. I thought the class was interesting, and didn't find Prof. Barry to be boring at all. There was no ambiguity or misleading questions in his tests/homework either. Overall very fair professor.
Had him for both CSci 5801 and CSci 3921W. He is a fantastic prof, especially compared to the handfuls of terrible ones in CS. Tests, while sometimes challenging are predictable and very fair. He also uses a ton of case studies to relate teachings to the real-world. Best prof I've had at the U.
The thing about Barry is that he is not a people person, so his lecture can kind of drone on. It's really up to you and your fellow students to stop and ask questions (he's really good about answering them). Also great for help during office hours.
He is a very helpful professor. Good with grades and the study material and papers he recommends are excellent.
He explains things well, and answers questions clearly when they come up. The biggest issue is that in his classes it often feels like there is not great continuity between the different subjects covered
Professor Saad is not the best lecturer, and that is not a knock to him. He really knows the material well, he is just not always the best at explaining it. However, he does provide all his powerpoints online and even gives practice problems and examples. I thought that all the quizzes and homeworks were of a fair difficulty for the course.
I can only assume he has taken into account ratings from previous years because he has been a great professor so far. Topics are as in-depth as expected of a class like this. Designed to challenge how you think about simple concepts to allow higher level thinking about them. Slides are excellent reference, and boardwork is relatively organized.
About two days before the homework was due he would hand out answers to 50% of the problems during lecture. He gave us a bonus quiz for 1.3% extra credit in our overall grade. We had 3 midterms and he dropped the lowest. You were guaranteed a grade slightly lower than your current one walking into the final, so you could bomb it.
I would like to say his class is fine. The way he teaches is OK. Unfortunately, he does not seem to be nice in most cases...
It has been hectic with Covid, but he has been the class doable. He is a kind man.
Helps to have a good grasp of C before taking Intro to OS with Weissman. Grade consisted of 2 midterms, 1 final, and 4-5 group projects. This was probably the hardest CS class I've taken so far. Projects take up a lot of your time so it's super important you have good group members. First midterm was rough (60% average) but it got better (70-80%).
He tries during his lectures to get you into the material. Im not sure if the material is easy or he is just good at presenting it with his lectures, slides, discussions and projects, but I feel like I have a pretty good grasp on things. Studying for exams to get the curve takes about 8 hours. Beware of the lazy people out there for group projects.
Professor Weissman was a good professor; CSCI 4061 was not a weed out class - none of the exams had "trick questions" - very honest teaching. Sometimes I felt like the lectures had a lot of filler that didn't appear on exams, could have focused more on the actual handful of topics we were tested on. Projects were difficult but were done in groups.
Interesting course and a great professor. His exams are short but tricky. Projects are pretty challenging and programming intensive. Lectures were boring, but not as boring as other OS professors.
His class will be hard if you don't go to (or pay attention) lectures or don't read the textbook. You will learn a lot from his lecture and have a deep understanding on OS. There are many projects and a few exams, which are not hard if you understand basics and write code yourself outside class.
You're going to do a lot of work, but none of it feels like busy work. The exams are relatively easy, but 'closed notes' can be intimidating. The projects are hard, but definitely teach you the concepts via application. Also, I'd recommend not skipping class. His lectures cover dry material, but are always engaging, and is always open to questions.
Jon is an excellent lecturer, and gives good examples to help reinforce the material. Projects are tough, but if you get a good group together, you should be fine, and Jon looks at your overall performance before assigning final grades. Exams are challenging, but shouldn't be too bad if you've understood the material. Both he and his TAs are great.
Lectures were super boring, but exams were from of it. Writing on a board is terrible and lack of clarification. Projects were hard. Groups were sucks. Everyone looking for savior, but all in same level. He keep changed the slides unnecessarily and always updated so late. However, it is so sad that he is the finest instructor of csci4061 course.
Had to drop the first time. It gets easier if you put in the effort. Gotta know C though.
Course is hard. Lectures are really boring. Programming Assignments are hard.
Great professor! Very nice and intelligent person. I wouldn't take another class from him
The professor is awesome as a person and as a professor. He knows what he's talking about and always try to keep students involved. I just felt that the class takes more time than it worth. I'd to spend nights and days doing useless codes (or at least in relation with the research i am doing)
very smart man but expects a lot for a 3xxx class. he really wants you to word things as he would and can be a very tough grader. with that said you will learn so much from him if you are genuinely interested in the material and the curve helps a lot.
I found Dr. Redish to be one of the most insightful and knowledgeable professors I've had. He is able to discuss almost any topic and can relate those topics back to what we are learning in a very enlightening way. Many say he's difficult but he lays out what he expects the very first day. If you pay attention and attend class its an easy course.
I don't understand why Redish's rating is so low. You will do well in the class if you do the quizzes, reading, attend lectures, and ask questions. He makes this very clear at the start of the class, and he is more than willing to help if you ask for it. Some of the material is hard to grasp but if you do the work you'll be fine.
Certainly an interesting professor. We only met in person once and the rest was online. I like hybrid but it would have been nice to meet in person more than once. His lectures can go from being really easy to understand to being completely lost. He does give very helpful and plentiful examples. He is quick to respond to emails, give great advice!
Stick with it, keep googling things, and ask questions. The recorded lectures are helpful because he usually shows examples of what need to be implemented inside the homework. Definitely beneficial to have a background in C already, imo CSCI 2021 nailed it in for me. Super nice guy, very smart. Took during COVID, not sure how it is normally.
Mark Langanki was one of the best professor I had at the U as a csci student. He is very approachable, respectful and knowledgeable. He would even give you his phone number if you have questions. All exams are online and are relatively simple. The projects are complex but you have half semester to complete them. I learned a lot from this class.
Professor Schrater is a caring, if disorganized professor, he obviously has a lot going on in his life and is affected by his ADHD, however he is incredibly passionate about his subject, and will go out of his way to be kind, and to incorporate student feedback into his exceptional lectures. One of the brightest minds for ML at UMN.
His lectures are pretty dense, but you can definitely tell he cares about the subject matter a lot. He was super flexible and worked with the class on deadlines for all the assignments. The homeworks were definitely a challenge, however, but I definitely recommend taking a class with him.
Tries to explain all the abstract concepts without first explaining the equations. That's like explaining the classification result before showing the training data. I was actually surprised to see how much he knew compared to the seemingly vague arguments he made in the class. A more traditional approach to teaching would be much more helpful.
As someone who had failed this same course with a different professor, I have 2 perspectives on the same content. Without a doubt Professor Chandra's teaching approach is superior. When it comes to teaching a beginner, an intro class to operating systems, you must explain things STEP BY STEP. He is golden. I would take any class with him again.
Chandra is a decent professor. I went into OS thinking it was going to be a big weed out class, but it was honestly fairly easy as you're relearning the same concept throughout the semester. Chandra's lectures are dry, but they are very clear and you don't need to do much to understand them. My only advice is start projects early! Also get a group!
Chandra has very clear lectures and lecture slides. They may not be the most engaging, but they are not confusing. The group projects were awful, a lot depends on your group members. The tests were pretty much straight from the lectures so if you understand the lectures, you will do very well on the tests. There were extra credit opportunities.
Lectures are very boring. Labs are good for learning the introduction to whatever content is covered that week. If you understand everything taught in the labs, you will be able to complete the projects.
Took 4061 with him and loved it, got an easy enough A and learned a lot. Took 5103 the next semester and it's been the most difficult class I've taken in computer science so far. Impossible projects and a heartbreaking midterm. If you want to learn a lot about operating systems, take the class. otherwise, spare yourself
Very dry teaching material, and sometimes labs and projects would have too vague or a description, but otherwise a good and reasonable prof. The one question kahoots really spiced the class up.
Really solid choice. Lectures can be a bit dry, but he covers all the material effectively and thoroughly. Willing to take all questions seriously. This class definitely required effort, but I learned the material well and at a comfortable pace.
Abhishek Chandra is a solid professor who teaches pretty well. His lectures are not that exciting and boring at times but you'll be able to learn most of the stuff through his slides. Overall, CSCI 4061 is a typical Computer Science course. The tests are concept-heavy while the homeworks are code-heavy so pay attention in class.
HW took forever, mainly due to not knowing C, but included extra credit and were manageable with a partner. Tests were easy and open book/note. Got an A but I had two assignments regraded because no test cases included with HW and bugs unrelated to course content caused grading scripts to fail. Lecture are boring but contain future exam problems
The homework is not bad; we were given a fair amount of time to complete it and IMHO it wasn't that bad. Nothing like CSCI 2021 or 2041.. much easier. Definitely choose your partner wisely. Grades have so far been fair. Recitations are almost pointless, there is no work due for them and only 5 other people showed up. Study his lecture slides.
He is one of the best computer science professors I have had at the University of Minnesota. He lectures very well, and gives great answers to student questions in class. Attend lectures and the tests and quizzes shouldn't be overly difficult. Group projects are long and a large chunk of the grade; be wary of who you partner with for them.
Chandra was nice, very helpful. His grading is very fair, every assignment had extra credit available, but they were only possible after the bulk of the assignment was done. The tests were difficult, but doable with enough preparation. Often extends deadlines and allows make ups of assignments.
I like his grading system. Balances between concept learning and coding and applying. You should expect to work a lot on the projects because the class is based on them.
Not a bad professor - adjusted requirements sometimes but fairly straight forward. Tests were open book, but not any more difficult than a normal test, and therefore the tests were very easy
Professor Lu's teaching was very clear and informative. He discusses many security topics, some we might never come across if it weren't for this class, and dissects each one individually giving his students a profound insight. There are two projects which are somewhat challenging but very rewarding and interesting in the end.
Took the class S2018, but writing the review since there aren't many others. Lu's lectures are extremely dry, but he explains the material very clearly, and you leave each lecture understanding the content and what you need to know (rare). The tests and grading are completely reasonable. And since then he's probably improved. Not a bad prof.
Lu was a disciplined, astute lecturer who has room for improvement but did very well. It's clear he is learning how to be a good prof (reading from slides, awkward pauses) but he will tell you what you need to know. The projects were challenging but but stimulating. The midterms were extremely fair; no surprises.
I am so glad that I took this class with Prof Lu. Lectures can be dense with material, but rarely boring. Review the lecture slides and you will do well. I feel that the material was presented clearly and logically. I never had the "trying to catch up and catch my breath" or "where did that come from?" feeling that I have had in other courses.
Lectures were mostly reading from the slides, but sometimes he gave helpful examples on the board. Tests are open book/notes. Labs are hard. Homework is doable but time consuming. Find people with similar work ethic early on.
He is probably the most widely cited researcher in Data Mining. His textbook is the gold standard for the subject. Quiz and exams are completely conceptual. If you pay attention in class, no extra effort is necessary. Class is extremely well structured and never left room for any ambiguity. But there is always assignment to do. Consistency is key
This was a good intro class. The professor added a group project which I liked because it lets you apply the things you've learned.
Inspirational character. He comes down to whatever level you are, in order to make you understand, surprising given that he is known to be one of the most cited researchers in the world for his work. Getting a good grade in this course is somehow quite hard though. U feel like you've understood everything and then comes the exam... :( I Recommend!!
Great content. Lots of assignments. Easy otherwise. Not much programming.
He is one of the best professors I have met. I would grade him at the same level as Professor Sartaj Sahni
Excellent teacher who knows his stuff.
Good lecturer and decent at explaining how algorithms work and are applied. You will write lots of long programs from scratch, so don't forget to start assignments early and show up to office hours for assistance not to get too confused. He's quite a tough grader, so be very careful not to turn in partially complete work or it'll derail your grade.
Nick was a pretty good professor. He's a good guy, but his delivery in an asynchronous format had a stark lack of levity that made me think I was being lectured by the Queen's Guard in Britain. I learned some stuff about machine learning, but the class, in general, is sort of a wannabe math class that does a poor job of developing your ML skills.
If you love pokemon, then Lana is for you. The exams aren't to bad, there is weekly homework but it shouldn't take more than a few hours.
Lana is very holistic in her approach to CS which is quite different from other professors. She also is very approachable and gives you the time of day, unlike other professors. Not the professors fault, but this class was project based and I had the most dysfunctional project groups ever. Also read the textbooks as much as you can for the final.
Really fun in class!
Goofy guy. His lectures move slowly. I learned 4 things this semester (rigid body transformations, forward and inverse pose kinematics, forward velocity kinematics). The project felt very relaxed, as if he just wanted us to get hands-on experience with robots, as opposed to doing anything truly technically impressive.
Professor Sattar is hilarious, and is one of those professors who can really appreciate how fun it is to play with robots, he is kind, and helpful outside of class, however his lectures are often extremely confusing, and pretty useless. Prof tried, but group projects were a shitshow this semester too, with parts missing and nothing set up properly.
Junaed Sattar is an amazing professor. Overall, his class was pretty easy and the homework assignments did not require much thinking. The only real problem with this class is that it moved very slowly and we did not get a chance to cover some really cool topics like Dynamics and Trajectory Generation (which a lot of other universities do).
Junaed is a solid robotics prof. He tends to meander and lose focus, but often comes back to the lecture where he left off. He does a good job of teaching intuition for mathematical topics, and is passionate about his field. My only gripe with this class was the textbook. I found the homework tested my ability but wasn't too difficult.
He is an awesome and enthusiastic lecturer. He's also pretty funny. There is not a lot of coding or ROS work in this class. It can be hard to follow the complicated theoretic material for over an hour of lecture. However, he is very helpful during his office hours.
This class is tough for an introductory course, especially if you do not have prior coding experience. Junaed's lectures and the book are useful, and he responds to emails quickly. Homework is weighted heavily and can help compensate for harsh midterm grading. The midterms and final are open book/notes so make to print off any code you've written.
Junaed was a very solid lecturer. However, the homework and tests are very harshly graded. That is more of a problem with the computer science department, so if you have to take this class, I would recommend Junaed.
I thought he was a pretty good professor, and he was able to help when you needed it. He helps you understand the material very well and is respectful.
Nabil was a pretty good teacher for this intro level course. The exams were very relaxed and easy to complete. The weekly labs and zybooks were also relatively easy to complete. The homework's could be slightly tricky, but in getting 1.5 weeks to finish them, it is not a challenge.
I took the 8-week summer version of the course. With the time we had, Nabil did a great job covering the key topics and answering questions from students. He genuinely wants his students to succeed. He also will listen to what you have to say in class about feedback on assignments and exams. Definitely recommend him if you are taking CSCI 1113.
Had him Spring 2021. Lectures sometimes felt a little disorganized, but are pretty interesting in general. Sometimes he would do a proof/problem wrong, but he's quick to fix it. He takes students' viewpoints seriously and dropped some assignments when it got overwhelming. tbh I wish he assigned more problems, but I think most wouldn't complain.
Dr. Orban was in the unenviable position of teaching 3081 his first semester. The class is chaotic and stressful. However, he did everything in his power to help alleviate that stress. He's a super nice guy who's very willing to help and work with you and would spend several hours outside office hours helping people. Bad class, good prof.
Top professor for 2011. Homeworks can be a little difficult but going to office hours makes it simple and is a must do since it is a majority of your grade. Definitely go to lecture or have someone take notes otherwise you'll miss a lot. He can take a while to grade your assignments and midterm so you won't know your status in the class. Good prof!
Dr. Moen is funny and certainly very smart. He makes sure to answer questions even though it sometimes takes him awhile to understand them. Make sure to read the syllabus as the homework is very important for the overall grade in the class.
James Moen = fair prof, weekly labs, 3 projects. Start early for crowded office hours. 2 exams: open note, no devices. No online lectures, attend or get friend's notes. Moen = chill, fair grading (60 pass).
Test & HW heavy - HW is hard but if you ask for help you're good. Go to lectures AND go to office hours! Moen is so kind and explains topics extremely well. I now slightly enjoy discrete math.
Professor Moen is a great example of knowing someone who understands confusing topics that yourself doesn't know. Discrete is my first confusing class I've taken in University, but Moen managed to explain all topics for me to understand the functionality and purpose. I definitely recommend his course, and on the plus side he has a sense of humor.
The class was overall not terribly difficult, professor Moen is nice and entertaining, and overall writes and explains the concepts in a way that is easy to digest; but the grading is the worst. Only two tests, first of which was four questions, that determine half of your grade and the cutoff for an A is 95%. You really need to work for your grade
Overall Test is heavy, it's very easy to skip the lectures but you will need it for the midterm so dont be lazy. I will say though he is nice to talk to as in he will lead you to answers for homework. Grading depends on the TA you get even though they dont grade majority of the assignments till finals week. Goodluck.
James Moen is a good, clear lecturer. He does not record classes, so attending in person is a must. There is also no textbook for this class. The midterms and exams are pretty tough and can be pretty hit or miss. He only tests on a few concepts of the many he discusses. Overall, it was a challenge, but a generally positive experience with Moen.
Even though my class was 2.5 hours, I really liked what I learned and Moen's sense of humor. There were 3 hw assignments, 2 midterms, and a final. I made the mistake of thinking he would have trick questions on the test/hw and thus got a lower grade. He does not have tricks on his test or hw. pay attention in class and discussion then its an easy A
Moen is known to be one of the easier professors for CSCI at the U, and I definitely felt that for 4041. You'll have 3 exams and 3-4 homeworks, which were easy for me. Don't expect to do a lot of coding in 4041 though. Instead you'll be reading a lot of pseudocode, writing proofs, and demonstrating algorithms. Funny prof, interesting material. 
The class structure is very disorganized, giving the semester a weird flow. Projects are easy but they are few of them. Lectures are spent watching Moen handwrite code which end up being pretty similar to the test. Tests are not easy but fair. It can't be easy teaching Ocaml (trash language) but he does his best.
I love Moen as a lecturer but for 4041 I did not have a great time. There were only four assignments the entire semester with unclear grading guidelines. Assignments weren't graded for months so once you found out how you did on one, you already had turned in another one (or two), so it was super hard to gauge how you were doing in the class.
Moen was very lenient with the whole online situation (no exams). This felt like more of a fluff course and I didn't get a whole lot out of it. Moen is a cool dude and is super chill. He lectured on really interesting topics but didn't have us students do much in lab/projects. Weight breakdown: grade 90% projects + 10% labs. Simply Ocaml.
Classes with Moen are extremely easy in terms of workload, but on the flip side, there is little room for error if you want 95% to get an A. Moens lectures are easy to follow and understand, but can be tedious at times.
I had Moen for programming principles during this last semester of Covid learning. Overall his lectures are taught very well, potentially the best of any comp sci prof I've had at the U. The projects and labs weren't too difficult, but I did end up having to go to office hours a lot on Zoom. He is a bit forgetful tho, and forgets to assign things.
COVID class, so no midterms or final. Only had 4 homework assignments for our entire grade. Besides that, he's very personable and explains course content well. Quick email response time.
Super funny and his lectures are amazing. The labs and projects are very closely related to the code he writes in lecture, so as long as you take notes during the lectures you can pretty much reuse most of the code. The only downside is his lectures are very poorly worded, so I often have to ask the TA's for clarification.
Moen has a dry sense of humor which some people like and others don't. He follows the book content pretty closely. However, he will provide some material not in the book, so lectures can be pretty important. Tests and HWs aren't too difficult, usually just some modification to algorithms which were covered in lecture
Really funny guy, and really understands computer science and explain concepts intuitively. Lectures are clear with many examples but not always that engaging. I took 1913 with him earlier and would give him a 5/5 for that class, but his 4041 class is rather slow and boring sometimes, even though algorithms are a pretty interesting topic for me.
James Moen does a satisfactory job- nothing more, nothing less. His lectures are informative and contain the occasional joke as dry as the sands of the Sahara Desert, for some definition of the word dry.
Thought he was a great professor, but I felt like i really did not learn that much from him. I felt like he could have gone much more in depth in the material than he did. But, the class was pretty easy and he's a funny guy.
Hes a great professor, however I felt as if he moved way too slow for the content and that sometimes he would test us on things that he didnt really go into fully. All in all, a good professor, but with an A at 95% its hard to really do well in the class.
Moen is more prepared to teach lower division CS classes in my opinion. His exams and homeworks are really easy. He is approachable outside of class.
Overall, Moen is a pretty great lecturer. He handwrites everything on the whiteboard so you can't really ever skip a class because an exam might allude to an algorithm he discussed one day. Other than that and the pretty difficult 95% for an A grading scale he's always used, Moen is among the best professors to take any undergrad CS class from.
Moen is one of the only professors in the CS department that is actually approachable. He'll admit to making mistakes in lecture, but he does a great job at making all the topics clear and concise. His homework and midterms are a bit vague but you'll learn a lot of good concepts through his course. PSA: discussions for 4041 are pointless
Has a very dry humor when discussing material, but luckily I'm a fan of eye-rolling humor, so it was pretty funny. He does a pretty great job of discussing materials and is clear for the most part. Be wary of the tests; the final had a few curveball questions about things we didn't discuss at all really. Have your notes ready!
He was a very fun teacher who made the class very interesting. The bulk of your grade are exams, about 60% of it are the two midterms and final. The labs are easy, but the projects are somewhat challenging and can make or break your grade. Also, all of the grading was done by the TAs, so you'll need to talk to them first to try and boost your grade
He doesn't try to make the course harder than it needs to be. The weekly homework was very doable and the tests were all open note including the final so as long as you have good notes, you'll be fine. Doesn't require a lot of work outside of lecture beyond doing the homework and taking notes before the test. The book was really helpful.
The class consist of a quiz once a week over the material covered in class since the beginning of the semester. If you keep up with the reading and do the suggested homework problems you'll pass the quizzes no problem as they are open book. There are 13 quizzes 2 dropped and 1 final all accumulative on what we covered during the semester.
Professor Moen was pretty funny in an awkward computer scientist kind of way. The class was easy, especially the tests. The projects were the only relatively challenging part but even at that they weren't that bad. Lectures were easy to follow.
James is an easy going guy who made 2041, an awful class, tolerable. He does rely on TAs for all grading, and nothing was graded until the end of the semester. His homework and exam problems can also sometimes be tricky for the sake of being tricky, but he taught it well and made the material easy to understand. Would recommend Moen for 2041.
No textbook, so you need to go to lecture, but it's okay if you miss one because the lectures were recorded. High grade standard (95 is an A) but the grading was fair. Easy final, easy labs & projects. Lecture is pretty engaging; he makes lots of jokes! He used a Lisp instead of the usual OCaml, and personally I think Lisp is easier to understand.
Good lecturer, and funny, which made it easier to pay attention. But the programming language that he decided to use for the class (Clojure) is a pain.
James Moen is a friendly and entertaining person who provides detailed line by line code breakdowns of each data structure. Labs and projects are pretty easy and exams are generally straightforward but if you make a several small mistakes say goodbye to an A since a 95% is needed. Exams are open note and tests on lecture material. Book is useless
Pretty sweet professor, he's a cool guy. It's just hard to get an A because you need a 95%, but it's also hard to fail.
he is pretty good but average on exams were low (70%) and he does not round at all also for A- had to get 92%. so get ready to work hard. I would take him again.
Moen is a really funny person and he also gives pretty good examples. While the labs are pretty difficult, the exams and the homework aren't that bad as long as you keep up with your material. Be careful not to fall behind in the class, because a lot of the material is cumulative!
Taking this class during COVID likely had a large impact on my experience. He is a good lecturer--explains things clearly. However, organization outside of lecture was nonexistent. We never received a syllabus, and only had one problem set and one (late) project.
I think he must've been going through it bc of covid. He had very good, interesting lectures. The labs are great and you learn a lot from them. He is very good at answering questions w/o making you feel stupid. That being said we had no problem sets and 1 1/2 projects bc he was so behind on everything. At the end gave everyone free points bc of it
Prof. McCamant is a nice guy who always tries to make the class do-able but also doesn't cut corners. Get ready to read the textbook carefully and do all the homework. Also, his knowledge of Computer Security is impressive and he managed to introduce some of these knowledge to CSCI 2021 which is great. Definitely a hard class, expect tons of work.
Great professor, hard class. If you miss a class, you will be confused. Lectures are extremely important on projects. Class (average 68ish) is curved to a B- or B, so 80-85%+ is usually an A. The class info was interesting, there's just a lot if it. If you need help on a project (you will), send an email, and do it early. Start projects early.
Difficult class, heavy assignments. But whatever professor you have, the class won't be easy. This semester, prof McCamant made the 2nd midterm too hard, which can be reflected on the average grade. However, if everyone is doing bad, your grade won't be as bad as you'd imagine. Class attendance not required, but be sure to understand materials.
I don't know where the 2021 hate for McCamant is coming from. He's really really tough, yes. He is, however, an excellent lecturer. Very clear on really difficult, dense material. I learned more in this class than any other I've take in csci. I'm not a systems guy, but I did work my ass off in this class. Trial by fire. Prepare yourself.
good professor
He is a guy who clearly cares about the content he teaches. He is a very good professor. His teaching skills are pretty great. His class is not boring if you try to participate in it. Only flaw in his class is, there is no timely feedback on assignments which sucks because each assignment builds on top of the previous one.
Professor is passionate about his field and is willing to share his knowledge. The lectures were decent, but I do wish the slides were a little more informative because I'm not a note-taker. The assignments were half individual/half group that had a lot of writing, but they took about 5-15 hours per assignment.
Kevin is a great guy and solid professor, it's clear that he's had his fair share of time in the industry, and he likes to give real world examples in class. Lectures can be boring and I tended to lose focus, but kevin does a pretty good job of trying to keep things entertaining. Projects are heavily group based and semester long, so be ready.
Great lectures, and very open to feedback about class.
Great professor doing the best he can with a class that's trying to do too much. Fun to listen to, and includes lots of examples from industry. The class itself is terrible, but Prof. Wendt did his best to help us through it. The quizzes suck and the project requirements are ridiculously unclear but he seemed open to feedback.
"pop quiz" of in-class exercises, they're easy but random. Lecture slides themselves need to be improved; can't go back to reference them without an audio recording. Read Piazza posts in-depth to know what the hell to do for the project. Compared to the other horror stories I think Wendt is a good choice. I waited a semester to take it with him.
3081W is a course built around one big project, which the instructors never seem to be finished designing, so you need to stay on top of things. Wendt is very flexible and responsive to students. Lecture is at least 50% a Q&A with him about project details. I recommend checking Piazza and deliverable requirements daily coming up to the deadlines.
Professor was great! Sometimes, he talks to fast but I think it is just because I was an international student. Lots of Programming. Awesome teacher. Hopefully I can meet him in different class.
If you are a CSCI major, you will have to take this class, and Wendt is almost certainly the best choice. He's understanding of the issues with the class, and wants to improve. That said, the class has lots of problems, so be prepared to work for the grade you want. If the TAs are as poor as my semester's, grades will be unbelievably slow.
Prof Wendt is at his heart a good Engineer and a good teacher. He is dedicated in his pursuit to expose CSCI undergrads to what industry will really be like for a lot of people, and to make them better Software Engineers. I have taken 5801 and 3081W with him, and I have nothing bad to say. At his worst he is apologetic, at his best he is rock solid
Kevin is a great option in the CSCI department. Compared to others, you will find that he takes a much more practical approach to teaching, including stories from his time spent in industry. I found this to be especially helpful when struggling with assignments, as he would compare the struggle to real life situations.
I took csci1113 in summer and the class was very intense. Kevin is a good lecturer but he talks really fast and if you do not have any programming experience before, you will work way harder than others. Labs are very challenging and textbook helps.
I haven't received my grade for the class yet so I'm trying to offer an unbiased perspective. Professor Wendt is an excellent lecturer, and if you attend lecture you will learn a lot about the course and other (sometimes irrelevant, but nonetheless helpful) things. I never had any programming experience before this and did just fine. Youtube helps.
Very helpful in pre-post lecture, as well as in office hours. Working hard in the lab and on the assignments paid dividends, and I feel like my knowledge in C++ is workable, and my interest is far greater than it was before this class. Wish he would have asked the class to quit cross-talking during lecture, however.
Really cares about his students. I missed the final for the class, and he went out of his way to provide a makeup for me the next day. Had a lot of insight into the software engineering industry.
Test are not the easiest, but he does curve them so that the average is a 75 or so. Homeworks are individual, he has a program to look for similarities in code and also the trend... meaning if you and another person have very similar code over the course of 5 assignments, he will see it. Easy solution: don't cheat. Lectures are enjoyable.
Before I took this class I had never even opened a terminal and I thought I hated computer programming. Because of this class I am changing my major to computer science. Teacher is extremely helpful in his office hours, labs are very useful for applying concepts. If you don't want to work for it, you will not pass. Can easily detect cheating.
This class is not easy if you have no programming experience before. It's not Kevin's problem. If that's the case just take python or java. They ARE easier. HWs are challenging sometimes, and you get a lot of practice during labs. If you study effectively it's pretty easy to get an A. He replies really fast to emails, and he's super helpful.
Anand is a decent teacher, although his lectures can be a little dry sometimes. He is teaching an interesting topic in this class, which helps a bit. His assignments can sometimes be a little ambiguous, but he is easily accessible to ask clarifying questions to. One thing I wish he did better was give more feedback on the homeworks.
Good professor overall and class wasn't too difficult. Some slideshows were a little confusing but you could basically Google anything if you didn't understand it.
Professor Tripathi is one of the best CS professors I have had at the U. He is very smart, his lectures are presented in a clear way, and he has a very fair late grading policy. Some homework/tests are unclearly worded, but he is always happy to clarify and ultimately wants everyone to do well.
He isn't going to be everybody's favorite professor, but I enjoyed him. Lectures are kind of meandering, but they are interesting and funny if you pay attention. Assignments were difficult, but rewarding and enjoyable as well. Tests are pretty detailed, not a lot of conceptual questions. He has the student's interests at heart and cares.
Takes time to explain concepts and answers questions intelligently. Homework questions are tough but give a good sense of accomplishment. Midterm was very difficult and too long, but he adjusted the weight to half of that in the syllabus.
Professor Tripathi, seems to care more about students learning the material of the course than about providing a grade for the course. He was always willing to clarify the sometimes difficult concepts.
I enjoyed Anand's lectures -- he was always very prepared with excellent online notes. Homeworks and tests were fair -- he wasn't opposed to extending deadlines and was more than willing to meet with students outside of class to answer questions. If you want to learn the material with an upbeat Professor, this is the guy you want.
Never had an exam where the professor had an open textbook in class for students to read from. She's a generous grader. You may need to read the textbook because she doesn't record or really use slides, otherwise paying attention is really important. Wednesdays are mandatory attendance for the in-class assignments that are 100% as long as u submit
Professor Gini is amazing and she cares about her students. The class is very straightforward if try to read the textbook. We have weekly work, which is nice and the final project is also interesting since you can just pick your own topic. Exams are long but the grading is very generous. There are also extra credits that can boost up your grade.
Professor Gini is a decent professor. I will note that it was a bit difficult to communicate with her during office hours since she repeatedly assumes that you want her to give you the answer despite telling her that is not the case, which is surprising since she seems more understanding during lectures. Other than that, she is a solid choice!
Prof. Gini definitely makes sure that everyone passes and learns as much as they could. It was a very easy class, but that's also due to the nature of the material. I definitely learned a lot. Her tests are very fair. Only annoying thing was the mostly unnecessary online assignments.
Easy intro to python class. Focused on fundamentals more than python specifics. Didn't spend much time on programming with inputs. Labs always had extra credit at the end, same for most homework and tests. Optional lectures but once a week there were in class assignments. Easy class if you come in with some basic knowledge. Very friendly professor.
Professor Gini is a good professor. She has an accent but will repeat information if necessary and can sometimes mess up the implementation of certain coding aspects, so be sure to test the code in an IDE like PyCharm. If you attend the lectures, the textbook is not needed, and the textbook can be found online for free. She's very understanding.
Her accent can sometimes be difficult to understand, but overall a great professor who cares about her students! She tries to make the class clear for the students, and she's even changed test and assignment dates for the class when it conflicts with other class due dates. Notes posted online, helpful labs, extra credit, hard tests (code on spot).
Professor Gini seems to genuinely enjoy what she's doing. For 2041, she typed out all of the notes she took on the board. She also gives small amount of extra credit at the end of assignments/tests (not super easy, but doable if you understand what's going on). She's definitely a pleasant prof and it's clear she wants you to do well!
It's a big class, but emails were always answered promptly. You'll be expected to learn LISP basically on your own, but outside that it's not rough - it'll be easier if you come in with some functional programming knowledge. The textbook is invaluable. Lots of extra credit and everything is open note, final project is really important. Great! :)
Great professor. Very intelligent. Really cares about his students. Homeworks are difficult, but exams are more reasonable resulting in a do-able class.
He's a very intelligent guy, and usually does a good job breaking difficult concepts down for students. His in-class teaching methods are excellent, but his projects seem a little poorly thought out. I'd say he's considerably above average for a professor.
Professor Jensen is clearly a very intelligent individual, you can tell that through her lectures. This class is difficult but not too difficult. The homeworks had tough questions but the exams were very straightforward and fair. I ended up with an A, but only barely. I recommend working hard on the homeworks and attending office hours.
Weekly quizzes so make sure to show up to the lectures. Workload is not that bad as long as you are taking notes at the lectures, the only thing you'll need to look out for is the final which was pretty brutal considering she scaled it directly for the time it took (i.e. 2 question 20 minute quizzes, final was 12 questions in 120 minutes).
Highly recommended course for theory beginners. Real-world examples were used to illustrate key concepts, which helped us to see the practical applications of what we were learning. I feel much more confident in my ability to apply machine learning in my future studies and career thanks to the instructor's dedication to teaching.
HWs are difficult, but if you start early on them, you'll be able to avoid a lot of the panic and frustration that my classmates have expressed. Can be a bit condescending when answering questions, which often discourages participation. Overall, I liked him, but keep in mind it's not an easy class, and you probably won't get much out of lecture.
The lecture itself could be a little unclear at times, but the slides were very helpful and comprehensive (a good thing, considering the lack of a textbook). The assignments weren't *that* hard if you thought about them a little, contrary to what other reviews might have you believe. Tests were difficult but manageable.
This class is difficult but Nadathur really does care about your success in this class. Tests are tough but the class does get curved. I didnt find the workload to be as bad as other classes (2021,1933), but you will have to put time into them. He posts lecture slides online. Labs and homework really helped me learn the material. Good prof overall.
He is a nice and polite person, but then the course material is not easy and the way he goes about it isn't the best. The Homeworks weigh about 50% of the grade, for which solutions are never provided which doesn't help prepare for a test really. He is understanding and caring, but that doesn't make the course or the lecture any easier.
Excellent professor, high expectations, very friendly, does a good job managing his TAs, gives reasonable assignments, has difficult exams, and curves the class (ignore F avg). Occasionally what he says isn't clear, but he's willing to clarify. Class structure is excellent but be prepared to work hard. Easy to pass, pretty hard to get an A.
Great professor, but this class is hard for the uncanny, and people not looking to expand into their artistic nature with math.
Good-natured guy. His lectures pretty good, and he bends over backwards for the students if they say something is unclear. He was constantly pushing back homework due dates by student request. His tests are tough, but he has his TAs give very detailed feedback on the homeworks, so if you pay attention to those comments, tests are doable. Easy final
He's a good professor and a nice guy if you talk to him outside of class. The tests are on the tougher side, but they are curved fairly. The homework assignments can be challenging, and sometimes it feels like the requisite material wasn't fully covered beforehand. However, they typically are educational enough themselves that it's easy to forgive.
Very tough but very fair professor, he was willing to help anyone in office hours and would answer any questions in class. He would make really hard tests that had almost impossible questions in them, but he would curve the grades to make it fair
Very competent and willing to give any extra help needed. Enjoys discussions in lecture, and also hosts a seminar and has at least one open source project out there. Highly recommended, but only to people ready to work hard and learn a lot.
He is more than willing to spend as much time as necessary with you to ensure that you understand the material. He has high expectations for the amount of effort you are willing to put into the class. The homeworks and tests were very challenging, but also fair. I recommend this professor.
A great professor who truely cares about his students and is willing to spend as much time as needed helping his students understand the subject. His expectations are high, but you learn so much from his classes.
This was my first programming class and probably my last. He was very clear as to what he wanted, when he wanted it, and how much effort each thing would take. He wasn't really the most approachable, but his lectures were great and straightforward. You get to drop a quiz and homework assignment too!
Attendance is not required. You can watch the lectures recorded later. Homework is hard but lots of TA help. Weekly tests are not too bad. The labs are a little bit challenging but you will finish earlier and you get the leave when you are done.
Many people in my class were caught cheating on coding problems... Instead of turning these students in he gave them another chance and told them not to do it again. Earned my respect even though I was not one of these students - still earned my respect. Very heavy homework weekly but you don't have a final so well worth it. Even gives a day grace.
Nathan Taylor seemed intimidating to me at first but that quickly changed. He could easily make you call him "Professor Taylor" but he just goes by "Nate". He is a very strong lecturer and presenter. His intro to python class is structured in a way where if you start the HW early and go to labs and lectures you shouldn't have a problem getting an A
Nate delivered lots of deadpan humor that made every lecture more enjoyable. He presented the (sometimes confusing) topics very clearly and paced the class so that everyone grasped concepts before moving on. He always wrote lots of code from scratch during lecture, which helped me understand the process of approaching each problem.
Hands down the best instructor I've ever had at the U. His slides are very well written; with each detail included (unlike some professors where the lecture slides look empty and you can't use it to review material). No finals, just a bunch of quizzes (not hard). Programming assignments are, for the most part, fine. He is just hilarious & great !
Quizzes are very easy comparing with all other STEM classes I took here, but homework is not easy and you can easily lose lots of points.
This was his first semester teaching and it barely showed at all. He presented material well and each quiz and assignment was fair. He was an extremely easy grader (which I think happened since it was his first time making a grading scale) but I would expect his grading in the future is still fair. He's also super goofy and is Ted Mosby from HIMYM
She cares a lot and is a very good person at heart. That being said, some of the projects are difficult and the labs can be stressful.
spring 2023, 4 homeworks that were solo and helped w/ understanding course content. Overall grading scheme and course structure well made, made sense. 1 final project w/ writeup. That, along w/ some of the other writing assignments were allowed to be collaborative, which was nice. In-class exercises based on the lecture
Professor Exley knows a LOT about Natural Language Processing and helped me learn so much about his class. The homework that he assigns actually applies natural language processing techniques to the real world and are actually beneficial in understanding more about NLP is used.
Never went to lecture, only studied from the zybooks. Homework is 55% of grade, labs are 30%, quiz is 10%, reading is 5%. A lot of reading for less points, but need to be able to know it, to actually code. Labs are weird, only have 1 hour and 50 mins to complete the lab that can sometimes take a lot more time, especially with only 2 TAs in the lab.
Lectures were good until someone put that they wanted more examples in the feedback. Now there are too many examples and not enough of explaining the way the code works. You can reach him at practically any time over slack, but he won't just give the answers, he'll try to help you problem solve.
He is a great prof!! He even helped counsel me when Iw as feeling low about not being good at programming even tho this is like my first computer science class. Amazing guy, funny during lectures sometimes. Homeworks are not that hard, but some days homeworks are very hard. Used zybooks in his class , it was required.
She was very easy going and for projects she doesn't expect results. Rather she assesses you by your effort. Exams were easy but beware of final project report
Professor Zhai is kind, asks for questions often, and is glad to reteach concepts even if we should've learned them many weeks ago. The projects are EXTREMELY helpful learning experiences, and were the best resource for learning Assembly x86. Sometimes she assumed we knew more than we did (especially with assembly) so a little self-teaching was key
The time frame in which assignments were given out and due were kind of all over the place. I was running into a problem which no TA could help with. I emailed Prof Zhai and she got into a zoom call at 8pm to help me. Topics are more detailed compared to other 2021classes. You NEED to study+ask questions. Prof can do so much with 100+ size class.
The final was very difficult, however, the other tests were fair. I think people dislike the subject matter, which is extremely difficult, and blamed her for their struggle, but I thought she was a very good professor. She has a really good sense of humor. She seems really intimidating during lectures, but she's super nice in office hours.
Tough material, but she gives good lectures and (at least attempts to) engage the class.
One of the most interesting classes I have taken. I hope to pursue this field thanks to her.
It was a fun class
Ravi is tough but I respect him a lot because he's a good guy who cares about his students. I had to change to pass/fail because the quality of his class deteriorated after the switch to all-online--his in-person lectures were a lot more valuable because he actually writes on the whiteboard. All in all, I regret taking the honors section of 2011.
It seems his curriculum is significantly different in 2011H than the non honors curriculum. I'm not yet sure how this impacts overall readiness, but it is worth noting. His class is challenging and you need to stay on top of it from the start. Lectures aren't mandatory (except quizzes/tests) but if you want a good grade you should go.
His lecture is awesome though he is definitely a tough grader. The class mean for the first midterm was about 45% and no curve. Homework is also hard.
Really interesting lectures, although lengthy. Reasonably hard midterms, and homework that help you understand the material. Office hours are useful. Beware; the final exam is harder than the midterms, and getting behind the class is easy, as you can catch up by reading the book, and the only thing I had to do was to do the homework. Overall, nice.
I liked Ravi. I thought the course material was hard (a lot of mathematical proofs which I'm not good at), so sometimes I would lose track of what was going on, but he was generally good at explaining things. Reading the book can help. There's also a pretty major curve. Lectures sometimes got a bit dry, but he could also be entertaining at times.
Good professor and doesn't trick you at all. Clearly explains concepts. He's challenging with a lot of homework and tough grading, which prepares you for the more advanced courses but you have to work for an A. Also the undergrad TA's are kinda clueless so you have to ask for points back literally every time on homework.
He does a good job of lecturing in 2.5 hours, and does so where you forget that it's a night class. However, the tests are very difficult (the second one especially, not so much the first at all), the HW is an easy way to lose a lot of points, and there is no curve. Grading is left to undergrad TA's who like to take it out on you.
Explains everything very clearly, and writes everything he says down on the board in an organized manner that makes note-taking very easy. He also covers everything you need to know, so if you copy down everything he writes you're good to go. That said, it's a hard subject and the grading is usually pretty tough, but he's my favorite prof. yet.
Ravi is a very excellent professor. His lectures are very structured and involve a lot of note taking, but all quizzes/tests are open notes and book. He is very approachable and tries to make sure every student understands the material. I highly recommend taking a class with Ravi. He is the best professor I have had at the U so far.
excellent
This class is advanced algorithms and Data structures. This class is very very tough course; in fact, most of the students agree that this course is one of the toughest courses at CS dept. However, he is very smart and his teaching is awesome. But grading is also very strict;so, you'd better give up receiving 'A' from this course.
Rui knows his stuff and is able to explain both the intricate details of derivations and the broader context in applying ML. If you try in the class, hes going to pass you even if you have not so great grades. The homeworks are tough but they are honestly the best homeworks in CSCI Ive ever had in terms of how much I learned from doing them.
Rui is a fantastic person, and an alright lecturer. However, he writes both homework and test questions in a very convoluted way, and there are frequently small but important errors peppered throughout the document. You will learn a lot from completing his homework assignments, but you will also waste many hours of your time trying to parse them.
His cheerful demeanor makes the complicated material that much more assessable and enjoyable. Granted we are currently not very deep into the class but there are few professors that I would rather take it with then Rui. He is genuinely interested and passionate about machine learning as much of his own research relies on it. Would recommend.
He seems to really want everyone to pass. You can drop quizzes, take make-up exams and receive bonus extra points on tests. He's kind and tries to make the lectures more engaging. The final is more difficult than previous tests.
After the first month his accent isn't a problem. The homework is easy, but can be time consuming for full credit. The tests are easy and have 10% extra credit, so you can end up with over 100% in this class (I did). The final was another level up from the tests, and requires a good understanding. Use crib sheets on the final for specific formulas.
I would strongly recommend talking with him for help during office hours. I felt that working 1 on 1 with him was way more productive than the lecture. Be prepared to study.
good professor, he is very helpful, available after class. first few quizzes were easy but last quizzes were hard. he teaches well. get the attention of the students, he always gives few homework questions. always gives bonus questions even in the final to score more marks. i like this professor
Very forgiving grading. I only had to learn anything for the first half of the semester, which was two midterms. On the third midterm I did not go to lecture do homework or any studying and aced it, since it was just basic math proof logic. Could have learned more. After the third midterm no new content is tested for
pretty simple and easy class with him as his grading is very lenient. he wants you to succeed so if you do your best, you're pretty much destined for an A
You get 2 chances to correct graded assignments and notes are allowed for tests. He goes beyond most profs to accommodate students. In person attendance is big for him but I was able to do remote for a medical reason. If you read the textbook, pay attention in lectures, and ask for help, the class is easy. He's quirky, but I liked his style.
At first I wasn't a fan, but as the semester moved on I came to appreciate Favonia more. He actually cares about his students. His lectures weren't the greatest, but watching the online textbook videos prior to the lectures helps tremendously. The grading scale is very forgiving and he is always very quick to help students via discord.
He has a forgiving grading system as mentioned by other students. Many opportunities to redo your assignments if you lose points. 3 midterms out of 25, but capped at 20 so if you got a 19 then your score is 19/20! If you do poorly on a midterm, you can make it up with the final! Pretty reasonable difficulty for a class
I really enjoyed Favonia. He has a very deep knowledge of functional programming, and his lectures were pretty solid. He has a good sense of humor and I would say 95% of his lectures are worth going to. His class was also very grade lenient, you only needed to get an 80% per midterm to get full points, and you basically got a retake for each one.
Professor Favonia was pretty great overall, and the class (CSCI 2041) is not hard to do well in, as long as you pay attention in lectures.
It's very clear that Favonia cares about his students; he takes student opinions very seriously. The way he lays out the grading for tests is awesome, because it minimizes stress. Homework is relatively easy and when I had questions the TAs were great help. The one thing is his lectures can be unorganized/ confusing at least for me.
Great guy, sometimes a little unclear during lecture.
Just do the homework. I think most people complaining are mad that they don't understand the grading scale, which is essentially an approved experiment this semester. That being said, the class average is above the other classes, learning induction on functions is invaluable, there's extra credit, and hes very available on piazza to answer q's
One of the better math courses I have taken at the U. The weekly quizzes were easy to study for as he posted practice questions that were nearly identical to the quiz questions. Open notes for exams and the final and the homework assignments were not terrible but a little tedious and hard to test without an autograder like other CS courses.
good teaching but hard/unclear projects(although u can drop 1 of the 3 projects)
I thought he was very clear, though a bit slow, in his lectures. I enjoyed learning new material in the class, and the professor motivated the different topics pretty well. Previous ratings are a bit old, but I did not find the assignments or exams too difficult.
I found the lectures a bit dry and found myself zoning out which is unusual for me. He used the slides from the book's websites which was fine for me because I could take notes on the slides. Tests weren't bad and neither was the homework(3 written, 2 programming). He definitely knows what hes talking about but you might have to read for some q's.
"OK" teaching. Easy homework and exams.
He is very helpful during office hours and very patient in answering the question thoroughly. If you are willing to study and understand database systems, in my opinion, he is the professor to go for.
He is a better option over Nathan Taylor, heard bad things about him. Overall pretty simple class if you do the online reading on the online textbook.
Solid professor that offered both in class and online lecture formats. The tests were manageable after doing review lectures/tests. I found the projects for the class to be the most difficult aspect. Because he divides the grade for the class between so many different parts, there is leeway to do bad in some sections. Overall a solid CS professor.
Professor Kolb is amazing. He is so caring and patient. He really cares about his students and that they understand the content clearly. He recorded his lectures in person and would also post them. There were weekly hws but those were easy. Midterms and final were hard but there was a nice curve. Projects for this class are notoriously hard.
Carl Sturtivant was a good professor to have for CSCI 4041 in my opinion. He always tried to explain new concepts in the most simple way he could, using first principles. Furthermore, his class has an emphasis on homework rather than exams, which suits my learning style well.
Prof. Sturtivant was a good lecturer, albeit a bit dry from time to time. He didn't publish any lecture notes or recordings, but he taught the class well. My biggest gripe with the class was that some assignments took 4-5 weeks to be graded. The exams were easy (as he will admit), but the homework can be a bit time-consuming (although worth it!)
This is a very proof-heavy class, your grade is pretty much made up of weekly quizzes and a final. You get a lot of partial credit though but be prepared, doing textbook problems helps a lot! Carl is a nice professor and explains topics pretty well.
I took both 2011 and 2033 with Carl this semester. I think his classes are fair. A lot of theory and proofs, few numerical examples, so you should take time to practice outside of class. No homeworks. Quizzes are reasonable. Final exam is 10 quiz problems. He cares more about you actually learning the content than being good at exams.
Carl is a really great lecturer. He explains things in a very logical way, much better than most professors I have had. Lectures can get boring sometimes but this is literally an algorithms class lol. Homework can be tough but he's happy to help in office hours. One negative is a lot of ppl cheat so you're disadvantaged for actually doing it.
I found Carl's 4041 to be one of my better courses this semester. The lectures were interesting, and I felt that he provided us all we need to know in order to translate the ideas into the real world. The exams were straightforward, but the homework often contained challenging problems, which contributed heavily to my understanding of the material.
Great lecturer with a really annoying syllabus. You need to get a 95% in the class to get an A, and it go down in 5% increments from there (so and 90% is an A-, 85% is a B+, etc.). No late days, and no credit for turning in assignments late. All of that said, the lectures were great if a bit dry, and the content of the course was interesting.
I think Carl is a really good teacher. The low ratings are that the material gets extra confusing when you can't ask him questions (prerecorded) so he goes off on some theoretical unhelpful math proofs. Spring is on zoom! The midterm was reasonable and the final was a little hard. Find supplemental videos online and this class should be fine.
people are hating a lot this semester, but i found carl's 4041 class to be easier then his 2011 in person. homeworks are challenging, but exams are very reasonable in comparison. exams are basically homework questions so study them and the lectures and you'll do fine. graded very leniently so expect partial credit at least.
Online 4041 was homework heavy and the homework pushed your brain to the max. HWK from the textbook, and are simple compared to the exams. 7 assignments, 8% of your grade each, and all taken from textbook. Easy to cheat but u shouldnt cuz u wont learn and exams will kill u. Take notesonlectures carefully, he gives u exam answers.
Carl knows what he's doing. He can be a bit repetitive during his lectures that are more theory based because he wants to make sure everyone hears what he's saying at least once. He also sometimes lectures above the required material so don't worry if what he's saying sounds incredibly difficult.
I almost got an A but didn't do too hot on the final, other than that, the class was pretty easy for me but you have to make sure you understand the material as it comes and understand how to do the problems from the book, otherwise you may struggle as the class goes on.
I liked Carl in CSCI 4041 but in CSCI 4011, it wasn't as enjoyable. This is partly due to the material itself being a lot less interesting than 4011 but I think the lectures itself weren't that engaging as well. Carl's lecture has very little interaction and you might have trouble staying awake. HWs are pretty time-consuming but tests were easy.
I really like how Carl organized 2011. The weekly quizzes kept me on track, and discussions were helpful. I personally didn't find lectures useful; instead I just read the textbook. However, I know many others liked his lecture style. Although the material seems intimidating , the quizzes aren't that hard. Decent class overall
He's British so the accent is fun. Super test-heavy: there are weekly quizzes and a final at the end, and that's your entire grade. All quizzes/exams are open book/notes, which is nice, but you also have to get 95% or higher to get an A. Enjoyable class but definitely takes hard work.
Opinions on Carl depend on how much you enjoy the subject material, to be honest. If you're less than keenly interested in what he's talking about, his lectures are going to be an absolute snoozefest. His knowledge of the material is second-to-none, but the discussions are what prepare you for the exams/quizzes, not the lectures.
Carl gives very engaging lectures and he clearly has a passion and complete mastery of the subject. That being said, he often overcomplicates the material in lecture and I mostly learned from the book. The grading scale makes it very difficult to get an A but Carl and the TAs are fair graders and give lots of partial credit.
His lectures were too complex for me to follow but thankfully his quizzes are not as complex as the subjects of which he lectures on. Quizzes on material based on homework assignments. Very smart professor, recommend taking this course with him.
I enjoy his lectures, but I found myself getting better material explanations from youtube vids because he seems to make things more complicated than they actually are. Also he has no midterms, only weekly quizzes and an easy final. Be warned, his quizzes are COMPREHENSIVE, so you have no idea what topic may be on the next quiz.
You are graded by 11 quizzes and the final, so make sure you stay up to date, and don't skip. You can catch up by reading, but I would recommend attending lecture for an A. I skipped hw a lot and still got a B+, the hw is optional. The professor himself is great, I'm taking 4041 with him bc he's so good.L
Had him also for 4041. He is known to be a great algorithms lecturer since he has such a deep understanding of topics, and lots of experience teaching them. Homeworks are questions from CLRS, but it's important to go to lectures since he doesn't always follow the book. Tests are pretty easy & straightforward, but it is hard to get an A (need 95+).
He presents the material very clearly, but at times it can be very boring. There are some subjects in this course that are dry, so it is difficult to stay focused. The good thing is, if you pay attention and take notes, reading the book becomes optional.
His midterms and tests are super easy comparing to hw. Hw is directly from book but requires much thinking. His class is really enjoyable. Most points are from hw. As long as you read the book and learn lecture well, trying hard on hw should give you solid grade (at least a-). His office hour is full of people. Tough to get helps but TAs are good.
He was the best computer science instructor when I studied at U of M (1999-2003). With his amazingly clear explanations he made difficult classes (Automata Theory, Discrete Structures and Introduction to Algorithms) understandable and crystal clear. He was almost every year voted as the best computer instructor at U of M while I was there.
An amazing lecturer. He get complex and even mundane topics across easily and clearly -- far more clearly than the textbook does. He may seem unfriendly or harsh, but so long as you are punctual and friendly he's a very nice guy. Assigned homework is tough, but increases understanding of the material, while exams are comparatively easy.
The grading system in this class is OUTRAGEOUS. The material is actually all really easy to understand if you understand basic math, but an absolute 95% is needed for an A. So given 11 quizzes at 20 points an each, you better try and get less than 11 points off total. I got -4 once just for one little mistake on a problem. Easy class, no easy A.
He knows the course material inside out and can write on the board for the whole lecture without referring to the textbook. He genuinely tries to make sure everyone gets the material, though to be honest my attention span was limited to the first 10 minutes. Excellent if you learn well by listening to lectures. British accent was an added bonus.
Even though I didn't do very well on the final (kind of tarnished my grade), I enjoyed his lectures although dense, but at the same time they're more helpful than any other lecturer in the CSCI Department. It's rather sad how many foreign professors teach here that can't speak a lick of English. For this reason also, Carl is one of my favorites.
Best Ever
The best professor in the department, hands down.
Carl is easily the best lecturer I have ever seen in person. His ability to present clear, insightful presentations of complex topics--and all purely from memory--is really astonishing.
On the last day of class, Carl got a standing round of applause, if that tells you anything.
Really enjoyed having Carl as a professor, definitely going to take another class by him.
Good at teaching the material. Homework isn't too difficult although if you aren't prepared the tests can be.
Carl is one of the best cs lecturers I have had. He is very knowledgeable and presents the material well.
Carl is tough but fair. He presents material clearly and efficiently. His homework is notoriously difficult, but his midterms & finals are notoriously easy. Sometimes he talks over you when you ask a question. Be assertive. Go to office hours - he gives strong homework hints.
Sturtivant is a GREAT teacher. He can be a jerk as an individual though. This doesn't stop me from choosing him as my favorite csci professor though. He take's theoretical computer science and makes it interesting and understandable to your average student.
Intelligent teacher w/a cool British accent. Lectures are sometimes ahead of the labs. Tests are based on lectures, and are kind of challenging. He enjoys teaching. Good teacher overall.
Great professor, will answer any questions, explains concepts well, and is easy to listen to and follow in lecture. One of my absolute favorite professors.
Very good lecturer, but very boring subject.
I think he is a good computer science professor. He is not dull, he knows what he is talking about, he is kind, and he is down to earth.
He's great at giving intuitive explanations of difficult concepts. He seems very approachable and interested in students also. He's far and away one of the best professors I've had.
I never would have passed Finite Autonoma without his explanations... and his grading. :-)
Carl is smart as hell and he is extremely clear. He's the best CSci teacher I've had.
This guy is a great teacher, and his witty British humor is hilarious.
Arrogant, but very fair teacher, helps when you ask and doesn't ask unreasonable things of students.
Very Good prof. Has won the Professor of the Year award for 2 years running
Knows what he is talking about - excellent!
Overall great professor, course structure isn't the best. Lots projects which were extremely long. 3 total, each taking 35-50 hours. Probably could have been done quicker, but there were lots of bugs in the support code. Course structure needs a drastic change. Wouldn't say that's Keefe's fault. He is warm, caring, and genuinely EXCITED!
Very fun class, sometimes wouldn't provide enough guidance, but overall was a solid professor.
Professor Keefe was passionate about the subject of software design. The class was not too difficult, although there was a decent amount of work. There were weekly writing assignments along with a major group project. The project was the basis of most of the course grade, so everyone's experience depended on how well their group worked together.
Kauffman is an exceptional lecturer. Resources are all posted on his website, and there are a *lot* of resources. Lecture recordings, slides, important parts of the textbook, and office hour schedule all made available. Still an incredibly difficult class, but it at least felt like Kauffman wanted me to succeed.
He was good at teaching machine architecture. Lectures became boring towards the end of the semester. Projects are often a lot of struggle and frustration. The prof and the TAs prepared us well for tests and labs which was a plus. Really easy to see where your grade comes from each assignment shows the percentage of final grade that it counts for.
Class was much more enjoyable because of prof Kauffman. You can tell he's passionate about the material and has a quirky sense of humor which keeps lecture interesting. Projects are difficult but only worth 2-4% of grade per project. Good opportunities for extra-credit for those who participate in class. One of my favorite profs in the department.
I cried many a time throughout this course, but Kauffman is very fair and an interesting lecturer, he does speak very fast though. There is a ton of work with labs, homework, projects, and exams, which was nice in some ways, but exams were worth significantly more than everything else despite projects taking up the majority of my time (and tears).
Chris is super funny and down to earth his lectures are enjoyable. However his slides are pretty dense which I didn't connect well with. Projects take A LOT of time but are manageable just be prepared for them. Exams were oddly inconsistent in difficulty but there's extra credit galore. Don't sleep on the hw/labs they are good for studying/projects
I've had Kauffman before and he's a great professor. I highly recommend him. This year was a bit different. Halfway through the sem he burnt out and things lagged behind. We lost a project due to too many delays, then our final project was delayed and tests came out the night b4 due. He gave us 1 more day... He's a good guy, not the best semester.
Kauffman is a solid professor, but he seemed a bit burnt out in this class in comparison with machine arch (csci 2021). He wasn't able to get us test cases for the second project until the last minute which made it quite stressful. He's a really good guy and a great professor. I just felt that our class was sort of an afterthought sometimes.
Great prof
There are weekly homework and labs and about 4-5 projects. The projects are kinda hard, so start early.
Chris is a great lecturer, he knows how to teach! He also makes the projects fun to do. At the end of the semester, you will learn a lot.
Pretty solid professor. The good: Great lecturer, has good slides, the projects and labs help you learn, tests are open resources The bad: Projects are wayyyyyy too long even the TAs were dead at the end of the year, the final was unreasonably hard out of nowhere.
Overall he is a good teacher. A lot of homework and it might be hard to get help due to the demand of office hours. Exams are hard but not too bad comparing with many other CSCI classes
Lectures were a little hard to follow (in part because it was a 3-hour night class) but clearly passionate about the subject and willing to help students when they ask questions. If you speak up and ask questions / go to office hours you can succeed in the course
This class requires a lot reading and self studying. The course topic is relevant and is interesting if you are trying to get into data infrastructure engineering.
Exams were a little rough, but they might be different in person.
Shashi is a caring professor who is passionate about his work. The only problem is that the lectures are quite dry, but that may just be due to the material covered in this class.
Good Professor, very good at explaining concepts. Is very considerate when giving out homeworks. Midterms and finals could be moderate or tough in difficulty level. Very helpful. Great insights from the industry.
This guy is one of the best instructors in the department. First he is easy to understand, he divides the lecture into smaller segments and after each segment he encourages to discuss it in about 3 minutes. He is funny and great motivator.
This class will be a step up from 1133, so expect to put in the work.There are large projects and midterms are difficult, which have reviews but no answer key.Start projects and review early, because everyone does everything last minute in this class.He is a caring and understanding guy who has a lot industry experience, so go to his office hours.
Dovolis is a nice guy, but his lectures are very boring. He will often spend a whole week on one topic, saying the same things over and over again. The projects (start them early), tests, and labs all really aren't too bad if you are genuinely interested in CS and try to understand each new concept from lecture. Coursework was actually kinda fun.
Generally enjoyed this class, the projects and labs were very helpful in learning the lecture components, but the tests were a bit tricky. The tests tended to have some obscure questions on them, and they had written code components which were difficult to complete in the allotted time. He is a great lecturer though-always learned something new.
it's tough but he does a good job
Dovolis gets so much hate, very little of which is deserved. The class is a bit difficult but he sets you up for future success, especially for interviews. Office hours help a lot if you are struggling. Video lectures were also available online, which was my go-to, as he tends to lecture kinda slow. Not the easiest option, but probably the best.
Very sweet and funny guy. Offers all the lectures online, which is nice if you miss a lecture. I don't like how he writes code on paper; it slows down the pace of the lectures for no real reason. The projects aren't bad at all as long as you don't procrastinate. Sends out plenty of resources for the exams, so they aren't super hard either.
Not a bad prof tbh. He doesn't do the basic stuff like provide keys for study material and refuses to post the video lecture at the same time/before in person lecture and also gives a dumb reason for both. I highly recommend making a friend in the class for the tough projects and labs and getting them done early. Lectures weren't too bad honestly.
I took this summer 2021 so it was very fast paced, and it was also online. I found Dovolis's lectures to be very thorough, interesting, and useful. My one complaint is that he glossed over some confusing higher level topics, but there was never any tested emphasis on them anyway. Labs were extremely easy. Many projects were what took most time.
Your grade in this class will be highly dependent on if you can write code in a timed exam environment. Be fluent with all algorithms and data structures presented, you might have to write a semi-complex program. Attend all labs, it's a free 20%. Projects are only 4% each, but your understanding of projects helps with exam prep. Good luck.
Professor Dovolis's lectures were easy to follow as long as you stayed on track with the content. All labs, projects, tests, and most office hours were run by TAs. I didn't have much personal interaction with him, as his personal office hours were only accessible by phone or email, not Zoom. However, there were plenty of opportunities to get help.
Go to the lectures before you struggle, most of the information is built upon later so its best to stay on top of it. Don't procrastinate the projects and do the work, and the class will go fine
Chris is a good professor, lectures can be a little unclear at times, but there was nothing unfair about the class. You're given plenty of time to complete the projects and they don't take too much time. Labs are graded on completion and some of them can be very long so prepare to spend sometime completing labs outside of lab.
Came into 1933 unsure of what to expect based on what other students had said, but overall class isn't that bad. Prof Dovolis was a pretty good lecturer. I honestly felt he was better online than in person though. Make sure to start projects early, try to do most of the lab the day of, and pay attention in lecture.
Class was tough at first but if you put in effort during the labs and take good notes the class is pretty easy. Dovolis is passionate about comp sci and really puts in the effort to make good lectures notes. He always uploads lecture notes and coding examples to canvas so you can use them to study.
When I was signing up for this class, I have heard a lot of horror stories about Dovolis and how awful his class is. Maybe he changed the structure of the class, but overall, it was a pretty good class, as long as you go to lectures and start the projects early. If you do the projects and practice exams provded, you should be good for the tests.
Reading some of the ratings on Prof. Dovolis before the semester I was kind of nervous about the class but it turned out to be the exact opposite. Seemed like a really good professor who took a lot of time reviewing and going over stuff to make sure that the students knew what was going on. Lectures are a must if you want to pass.
Honestly speaking, I was expecting the worse entering this course as the reviews on here have given Dovolis a reputation of being a sketchy professor. He's actually decent, very accessible for questions, and teaches well. The tests are very fair and not bad if you do the review labs and study example code. Lectures are a must if you want to do well
He's a very good lecturer, but the tests are very difficult.
Midterms and finals have a lot of trick questions. Make sure you understand the concepts (Inheritance, Runtime vs Compile time, .Equals vs , etc.) REALLY well.
Overall, a pretty easy class. Going to lecture will save you time because then you won't need to read the textbook. The labs and homework are not too difficult and with some effort you can get an A on all of them.
One of the best professors I have had at UMN. He just teaches difficult CSCI courses, which are difficult to do well in if you don't put in 20+ hours of work per week. Exams make up a huge part of the grade (60%), so the 15-20 hour projects that are worth very little each can be overwhelmingly frustrating if you forget to include something simple.
It was one of the most interesting classes I took. During lectures make sure to listen everything he said to keep up with him. Although I couldn't do it, reading ahead paysoff. Studying the book very well and doing exercises in the book is the best way to pass the exams.
One of the toughest classes I've ever taken but I thought he was a great professor. Every single minute in class is worthwhile, don't skip!! I had issues with his grading breakdown, projects that took 20 hours were worth hardly anything and 3 50 min tests were the vast majority of your grade. Does not curve even though test averages were in the 60s
Dovolis is a really cool, laid back guy and an amazing lecturer of the material. However, most of your grade comes down to just 2 exams (10 or so exam questions) and a few of these exam questions will be somewhat random, obscure, or tricky. Go to all his lectures, write notes on everything he talks about, and study like crazy and you should pass.
I really liked Professor Dovolis. He was personable and made learning the material pretty fun. There were a couple times when he would teach us one method of doing things and the TAs would teach something different, and the way the tests were graded was sometimes a bit unclear, but I didn't find it to be a big deal. Would take again.
Most of the negative reviews for Dovolis are made by the people who didn't go to lecture and thought they could pass easily. If you are taking this class, you have to be serious about computer science. The third project took me 20 hours in total (with a partner). You should make time for this class.
Good lecturer, but gets off topic occasionally. He is a bit example heavy and does not necessarily cover in class what is on the test. Prepare to read the textbook. His tests are fairly confusing but if you understand the material you will do fine.
He was nice and gave a good overview of topics. Class is always considered one of the hardest regardless of professor.
For those planning on taking 1933 with Dovolis, it is NOT a Java programming class. Dovolis does a great job of explaining Data structures but if you are new to Java, it might be hard to keep up. You must pay attention in lecture to do well in the mid terms . I strongly recommend learning Java over the summer if you are taking this class.
Listen to lectures to get information for the midterms (2). The labs kinda just throw you into java expecting you to know the languages syntax so you have to pick it up rather quick. Pay attention to Linked lists, Stacks, and Queues because they make up the bulk of the later labs and build on eachother
Only 4 quizzes, and they didn't build off each other so if you fail the first quiz, you can do fine on the second quiz. He is also very nice and is always willing to talk. My only gripe is we fell behind and had to rush the last few chapters and the TA's were just awful, but that's not his fault. Also, the textbook is the bible in that class.
The course itself was not very much fun, but Prof. Dovolis made it manageable. Very willing to further explain concepts when they didn't make sense. Lectures consisted of mostly examples. Sometimes felt unprepared for the tests since the homework and labs didn't cover all the topics, so we had no feedback on those leftover topics.
His lectures are fantastic, presented with a sort of awkward dad-ish charm, but his organization skills fall far behind that. His tests almost always have questions covering some tangent of his lecture, which is fine if you pay attention. Avoid if you don't like going to every lecture. He covers the textbook and beyond well, but it is a tough class
He was super nice, like a dad. Pretty funny, but the course material itself was kind of dry (which he himself acknowledged). He was engagin, though, and just an enjoyable person.
Lectures were pretty good, he is good at keeping the bigger picture in mind when teaching concepts. I found the tests to be pretty difficult and hard to prepare for, and they made up 70% of the course grade unfortunately. My only previous programming experience was CSCI 1133, and I'd assume the course is easier with more experience.
Really accommodating w/ my incomplete, put the other profs i was taking to shame. i also like his lecturing style
This was my first computer science class and surprisingly, it was not as hard as I expected. The labs are a bit time consuming but the homework is not too bad. The lectures are great though. I learned almost everything from the lectures alone.
I highly recommend taking this course with Dovolis. He makes all of the concepts clearer to understand. The homework assignments are fairly straightforward, especially at the beginning of the semester. He is good at realizing students concerns with the subject matter and he tries to simplify all concepts as much as possible to teach them better.
Dovolis claims he has the easiest CSCI2021, which is probably true. His tests were a lot easier in 1901 though; he really misjudged what students could accomplish in 50 minutes and had a couple of rough quizzes. This class would be a breeze for someone who has had previous ambition to learn for themselves how computers really work.
People seem to like Dovolis because he is goofy and affable. However, he is also somewhat disorganized and doesn't always seem to have a strong grasp of the material. Having said that, the course labs, assignments and projects are all rewarding, and I enjoyed the class quite a bit.
Dovolis is a very clear speaker. The lecture classroom this year was very dark, so it was impossible to stay awake. Would recommend this class if you want to give computer science a try, although be careful-- there is a LOT of work in the second half of the semester!
Lectures were very enjoyable. Tests straightforward--basically, be sure to understand the homework and labs and you're fine. Favorite class this semester and I'm not a CSCI major. He's a bit disorganized. Spends a lot of time explaining WHY things are the way they are, which I appreciated.
Had Chris for 1901 and 1902. Fun guy to listen to, very approachable. Tests were pretty straightforward. Labs were tricky but really helped with understanding the material. TA's were all enthusiastic and helpful. Class is a breeze if you've done programming before (in any language).
Great teacher! I had never taken a computer science class or even dabbled in it on my own. As a complete newbie I can say that he makes everything super easy to understand and interesting. I highly recommend him.
Can be a little unprepared for class at times, but a lot of fun.
Amazing
Good intro Comp Sci teacher. I had done no programming prior to his classes and did just fine. He is passionate about education and has good teaching skills.
Great professor. Even if you've had comp sci experience, his programming philosophy is very interesting, and his delivery is engaging. I also love how much he covers in lectures- I haven't had to use my textbook so far.
He's definitely one of the better teachers I've had at the university. He presents the material very clearly and seems like a cool guy. However, expect to spend time outside of class learning the material.
Great teacher, I was a complete novice when it came to coding, but he made it very simple. About 4 hours work/studying outside of class a week at most for me. He might not always answer very complex questions the greatest but he is an expert at teaching. Rarely would I find scheme fun anywhere else.
Dovolis is one if the few instructors that can go off on a tangent during lecture and it ends up being at least as interesting as the lecture itself. His tests are fairly easy, and the book is wonderful and very much worth reading. The only downside here are the pop quizes.
I thought that he was a very good teacher, and he really cared about his students. He is a pretty hard teacher, but he makes you understand the material.
Dovolis was a pretty funny guy, and easy to talk to outside of class if something came up. Lectures got to be a bit long once in a while, but they were decent.
Great teacher. Clear, consice, excited about his subject. Highly recomended
He is a good teacher. Explains things very well. He is very fair to his students.
Very clear and concise.
Had him for scheme and I actually liked the class. He is a really good teacher and makes the class enjoyable. I look foward to taking another class with him.
Fun guy to have.
As far as teachers in the U of M's CS department go, Chris has been one of my favorites. Teachers who are talented at teaching (as opposed to research, and anything else they are hired to do) seem somewhat rare, but I felt he was an exception.
Dovolis always managed to make class fun, and was always very laid back.
Shana did go from caring to military persona fast, but the class was not too difficult and if you are okay with 2 half semester-long group projects this class isn't too bad. There is a textbook that she says you need to read but you don't. Most of the grade is the two projects focusing more on teamwork than programming and then two quizzes + 3 HWs
Though I don't like computer science (or maybe because), Shana is a great teacher. Everything she did was clear and deliberate,so homework was pretty easy. Not a hard grader, but you do have to show that you care. Will really try to get to know you, sometimes even when you're tired and really don't feel like talking. Love her energy!
Good professor overall. Lectures are mostly clear. Does sometimes ramble a little bit where it could have been put more concisely. Assignments and group work was mostly reasonable. The class was fun overall. Would recommend!
Watters is an excellent choice for 5801. While group projects can be difficult to manage at first, the grading policies she has in place ensure that slackers are punished. She is very fair in grading, and posts a well-structured rubric for all parts of the major course project. The textbook is important for midterms, but it's not otherwise used.
Shana is very caring, and will talk to you to make sure you feel welcome. This class was an easy pass because you just had to show up but you learn alot if you want to. She also gives lots of general tips for life and CSCI and encourages you.
Shana was definitely the easiest professor I've ever had for a CSCI course. I felt that we dove into software engineering fairly well but it wasn't super coding heavy. Quizzes were really easy and you get a cheat sheet. If you find a good group who stays on task you should receive and A.
Genuinely cares about you learning the material, but can come off as patronizing. Clearly presents material so that she makes sure everyone gets it. This can make the class feel stagnant at times. Great slide decks, but lectures are hard to stay paying attention to because of all her digressions and side bars (nearly always class related)
Really great guy! His lectures were mostly interesting and funny too. He's pretty passionate about teaching undergrad, which is a rare gem at this university. That said, this was a really easy class. Just show up for lectures and labs. It was a pretty minimum effort sort of class, and yet I still learned a good deal.
Honestly, he is the most transparent instructor I've ever had. Fall 2023 was just tough for him and I'm happy that he took accountability and cancelled the project. I agree that he wasn't the best lecturer which I discovered after I stopped reading the textbook, but he was always there to help. HW and labs could be long, but midterms were easy.
He's great, clearly cares a lot about his students and it shows. Very flexible with his course and the final project, while difficult, was made much more accessible through the assistance he provided. Midterms were easy. My only critique is that his lectures can be slide-heavy, but he provides lots of opportunities to ask questions.
While the start of the semester was rough, He put a great deal of effort into improving the quality of course lectures and accommodating for the initial course issues as the course went on. By the end of the semester, the course was very well taught.
I found the class to be very interesting. The discussion sections helped clear up anything that we found confusing during lectures. I always felt well prepared for the tests and I really liked the way his class was set up.
Class was great up until the final project, the transition from smaller homework to a final project was really confusing, but he listened to students and graded leniently. The exams were not too bad, just study the review guide. Labs and office hours are super helpful, Sebastiaan is a really nice guy that actually cares and is receptive to feedback
Sebastiaan has significantly stepped up his game and redone his classes. A lot of the ratings that are heavily negative are from his first time teaching, and he has greatly improved since that time. A seriously smart guy that you should consider as your prof if you can deal with average diffuculty.
The lectures got *much* better towards the end. He cares about his students and isn't trying to tank your grade. Pay special attention to the practice exams as the real ones are very very similar.
The class is a lot of work but doable, textbook is helpful. Just turn in your home work and study the study guide he gives you before the tests. He is a really nice professor and gave the vibe that he actually cared about his students doing well. He answers emails quick too
The beginning was really rough but he clutched up with a curve. He said he doesn't want to ever have to curve again so that would probably mean the class will be restructured to be easier in the future.
He maybe not a great professor, but a good man. TA also very helpful. I will go for 2041 with him next semster, hope that will be good.
I respect Sebastiaan because he asked us frequently for feedback, and he implemented it throughout the semester. His teaching improved MASSIVELY from the first test to the last one. Sometimes it is hard to follow his train of thought when he explains something, but his lectures are enjoyable to be in and the class isn't too bad in terms of content.
Caring professor, the beginning was not too good but takes feedback.
I think his score is not fair, he always replied to my emails and questions I have, the practice exams were almost identical to the real exams. since its the first time he teaches this course, the beggining of the semester was kinda hard but he took feedback and made this course really enjoyable. poeple who gave him 1/5 are just angry
Sebastiaan is one of the most caring Professors I've ever had at the U. He takes student feedback and adjust the course to help his student, he truly does not want to see you fail. In terms of the course, I feel that in the future he will adjust it (as its his first time teaching it at the U) and he will be one of the best professors to have.
Sebastiaan has put more work into the students taking his class than any other professor that I have taken. His willingness to change is inspirational. He listens to students a molds his class to see what is fair. I understand that the first month and a half with him was rough. But the past month with him has truly been game-changing, I would rec.
Prof Joosten does not deserve this low of a rating. Looking at other students write-ups they look more out of anger. He states clearly was is on the exam more than any professor I have ever had before. He also releases all notes via canvas so these people complaining truly aren't working hard enough. Taking him again for another class.
Solid but unspectacular professor. Low reviews are people having their first encounter with a difficult course and thinking they can do fine without attending lectures. Getting an A is difficult, but passing is not.
Although his teaching style may be hard for some students to learn from, professor Joosten is incredibly smart, knowledgeable in his field, and genuinely cares about his students. His class can be difficult if you are not passionate about math like he is, but personally, I have found his lectures to be very interesting.
It is very obvious Tim loves computer science, and you can tell he enjoys lecturing by his corny jokes and side comments. I thought the grading on the class was difficult, and there were no curves, but it was relatively fair. The homework is difficult but prepares you well for the tests. If you do not show up to lectures, it will be very difficult.
Very nice professor and can tell that he actually cares and will round up your grade if you ask. I have never done anything with coding so this class was tricky for me but I did learn a lot. The tests and homework were difficult but the labs were not bad. If you have never coded this class will be hard for you. Do the homework and labs,&you'll pass
Tim's a solid choice for anyone looking to dive into C++. He lectures passionately, and thanks to his background in industry, really knows what's important and what's not. Tests are tricky since they're on paper, and are often more convoluted than labs and homework. Only take this if you're already tech savvy. Pace starts fast and only ramps up!
He is a very old fashioned professor, but my favorite from this semester because of how entertaining and likeable he is. He expects you to read the textbook so you understand what he is talking about in class, and so you can complete the labs and homework. The homework takes MANY hours, and gets progressively more complex as the course progresses.
The class is not bad as it sounded, especially for this semester, I got helped a lot from Tas and the office hours are really flexible so nothing to complain about. The concept can be challenging at first, but when you at the iteration2, things will get easier. I'm not sure about in person, but online class along with many office hours is a plus
Before taking this class I had heard only bad things about Wrenn, but as it turns out I really had nothing to be worried about. He does act a little condecending when answering questions sometimes and the class websites can be a little cluttered at times. To make up for it, it seems Wrenn made the class easy enough for it to not be too stressful.
I really had a good time with Tim this semester. Heard mixed reviews about him but he is super nice and loves having people ask questions during our live sessions. Project was difficult but very exciting to complete with our group. If you have the chance to take this class with him, go for it, great guy.
I think Tim heard all the terrible feedback he got. Either that or it's because of covid and online. We pick our group members and work on a semester long project. If you have a good group the project is fine. Lots of documentation. Quizzes are easy (probably because you can use a compiler and look at old notes). Clear compared to the old comments.
Honestly not that bad, Im really not sure why people complain about him so much. Everything was taught pretty clearly form my point of view.
Tries to emulate real world where assignments are strictly due. Homework graded by grad students. Lab attendance required. Zybooks to help you learn C++ then project with 3 iterations using testing, version control, cpplint, & doxygen. Co-taught with Challou so sometimes he would step in if Dan was being unclear re grading/due dates.
Programming assignment only hard on the last iteration(C++). Quizzes were fair and based on lecture and assigned reading but taken during class so you had to be there. Lab attendance mandatory. Tim might come off pretentious at first but I think hes a good guy and actually cares. If you can get past first impressions, you can get to like him.
Professor Wrenn is a tough, straightforward, professor. His lectures are direct and to the point. He was available and helpful during his office hours and he genuinely cares about teaching and his students. I think that as he adds more of his ideas into the 3081w curriculum from what was existing, it will improve. I would take his course again.
The department hasnt quite smoothed out the 3081W curriculum yet and the class can feel like a bumpy ride at times but Amy Larson at least makes it feel handleable. She is incredible kind and easy to work with. If you reach out she will be there to help you. One of the nicest professors I had the pleasure of meeting during my time at the U.
Prof. Larson generally presents the material in the class clearly, and is very helpful in office hours. The bi-weekly homeworks were interesting and complemented lecture well. Expect weekly (short) in-class quizzes. Be aware of the "increasing weight" grading scheme where everything is worth more as the semester progresses.
I took Real-time Embedded Systems with Amy spring 2018. This is a difficult course if you've never had exposure to the inherently theoretical subject. With that said, she didn't expect everyone to be doctoral candidates either. My biggest gripe was the lack of clear grading standards. Watch the project grades, they will make or break you!
Although Dr. Larson sometimes made syntax mistakes in this course, I can hardly fault her, as it was her first time teaching Python versus C++. Aside from those errors, she was an understanding and caring professor. She was also open to criticism and was happy to explain difficult concepts to students. Sometimes she was not prepared for class.
Amy really cared about her students and wanted them to succeed. Weekly quizzes. Homework was 60% of the grade.
Read the book before attending lecture or you may get lost, most of the time she goes over examples rather than explaining what you should have already read in the book (there are weekly quizzes as incentive). Her office hours are good for getting help on difficult material, she'll work with you to solve problems in a way that you understand.
Amy is one of my favorite professors. I appreciate how she requires you to turn in small assignments or quizzes each class in an effort to keep everyone up to date with readings. Clear lectures. Very approachable and helpful. I expected the class to be boring and dry, but I actually enjoyed it and decided to take the advanced one now too.
Her lecture is kind of confusing. She requires you to read to book and have a clear mind of the material before you come to the lecture. Homework and exams are fair.
She's probably my favorite professor in CSCI. The assignments are really thoughtful. She gives good lectures. Very bright. She's super nice and always helpful. Never condescending. She should give other professors in CSCI lessons on how to interact with students.
Prof Larson is a fair teacher and you will get what you deserve. Class is a bit boring but I will take that any day.
She assigned a really fun final project for 3081W. She's very nice and understanding and always willing to help not just during office hours but also if you email her with concerns. The lectures were helpful but didn't always seem necessary due to the nature of the class. Overall a very friendly teacher and would recommend taking 3081 with her.
This class has some difficult topics but overall is quite easy. The exams are reasonable, labs are actually helpful, and lectures are good, although very, very boring and slow. The projects are cool but the writeup/base code is often buggy and need edits, and since it is low level code they will be hard to debug if you make mistakes.
Kate gives amazing lectures, knowledgable, approachable, and very on top of things. The grade is 75% on exams(open notes) and 25% on assignments, grading scale curved so 60% is C-. Homeworks are challenging and midterms are fair-difficult. Course is content heavy, lots of textbook reading and note taking.
Professor Jensen was very down to earth and intelligent. The class itself is pretty confusing but I thought she taught it fairly well. She did not post the lectures or have a good policy to deal with if you got sick and missed assignments. Doing the assignments early to get help is my recommendation there is at lease two a week.
I really enjoyed this class with Kate. I think some people may be more frustrated with the content than with Kate herself. Her explanations were very thorough and clear, something I valued greatly. Both reading and watching lectures was very necessary which I think was lost on some people. Prerecorded lectures worked just fine.
I really like Prof. Jensen. Every interaction I had with her was respectful. Her lectures were clear and easy to follow. I think her rating is heavily dragged down by the course she teaches, CSCI 2011. Its the hardest math class CSCI students have to take early on. In the online format, it was difficult to get help in the class. Not enough TAs.
Kate is a good professor, but I felt that the quiz questions were not written clearly enough and the majority of learning happens through your homework. The homework problems are sometimes hard and sometimes easy. She gives very nice, detailed explanations in lectures and she is very friendly. Make sure you start your homework early and take notes.
I loved Professor Jensen's lectures. I think she made Discrete Math really interesting. Besides lectures though, she was very strict outside of class. On our class Piazza page, she gave very vague answers to questions posed and refused to give us information about the final exam. Overall, though, Prof. Jensen is a solid choice for CSCI2011.
As people have mentioned, her lectures are good. However, to do well on quizzes you will you may have to read the textbook. There is weekly homework (which is hard) and if you go for help, most TAs give vague hints. Both the class policies and Prof. Jensen are pretty strict. Tip: Do as many as recommended questions as possible.
Kate cares about teaching the material properly. If you try to scrape by memorizing the material, you will not do well. The homeworks are harder than the exams.
Kate's CSCI 2033 was one of the more difficult classes I've taken so far, but the material was well explained and her grading policy (1 of the 4 exams is dropped, along with 60% for a C-) cannot be beat!
Kate is a great professor. her lectures are very helpful you
Class is graded by weekly quizzes of 2-3 problems and 4 exams where you are allowed one sheet front and back with notes. If you do the assigned problems and show up to discussion the class isn't too bad. When switching to remote learning, the class got harder because the quizzes were turned into weekly homework assignments with 10-12 problems.
Lectures were always fantastic and helped with understanding the material. Prior to the online class switch, everything was easy enough (weekly quizzes). With online learning the switch to weekly homework was considerably more work (50% more for me), but it was still manageable. Exams were fair and having an exam drop was very useful.
It's easy to tell that Kate doesn't care to put in much effort outside to lectures to help students. But, her lectures have a clear structure and are easy to follow. Most problems on tests and quizzes follow lecture material pretty closely. Course material is pretty simple and actually super fun. Not the greatest as a person, but great at teaching
Prof Jensen was clear in lectures and made Linear more interesting than you would think it would be. Tests were straight forward as long as you do the assigned problem it shouldn't be difficult.
Weekly Quizzes, but you get to drop lowest two quizzes. Lectures were for the most part useful. Discussions for the class were sometimes more useful and they are required.
I took this as a freshman so I struggled. The quizzes are tough but you get notes and the questions are normally from the lecture. Kate is a great prof, she cares about her students and is always there to help. She made my 2.5 hour night lectures actually go by quickly, she definitely helped me get through that class. Began failing ended with A's!
Good life coach
Pretty solid professor with good sense of humor. Not a fan at all of the heavy focus on theory with no implementation/practical aspects, but I hate theory with a passion so may be biased. Great explanations and good at answering questions in class. Solid choice but if you dislike heavy theory/abstract focus maybe stay away for 4041.
Kate is a great lecturer and she seems like a really nice person overall. She does a good job of explaining the concepts and seems like she wants everyone to do well. My only complaint with this class has to do with the grading, which is done by the TAs, not her: the TAs are EXTREMELY picky. Make sure you justify everything on the homework.
Kate does research in theory, so this class was her specialty. Personally, I found her lectures quite useful. I read the textbook to truly understand the material. I will say that her late policy isn't ideal. It's a 0 for late work... But she drops your lowest hw. She wants you to be successful. She worked with me for an hour during her office hr
My first computer science class and she was able to explain all of the topics in a way that made sense. She makes you work hard but it helps to understand the topics and is manageable if you take time to do things. Labs weren't bad and the projects were tough but enjoyable.
She is a fine teacher, she does explain things clearly. However, with a 2.5 hours lecture, it is almost impossible for me to understand everything. She has weekly quizzes that are not hard unless you don't do the recommended exercises. Take-home exams are quite difficult. Final is easy. Definitely not an easy A class but possible if you work hard.
At the beginning of the sem, I did very poorly in the class and blamed it on the lectures, but kate j is actually a great lecturer. No attendance, but I never did any out of class reading bc I learned it in lecture. The exams take a lot of time, but she offers a lot of extra credit. The class is hard but if you do the work you will get a good grade
She definitely cares about her students. She made the class interesting and gave good examples, but do not rely solely on lecture, make sure you read the readings. Only take this class if you are willing to put in a lot of time because its very doable with a little work and time.
Had to take this class twice because of my own mistakes, and I barely ended up surviving with a C-. Definitely was my fault though. Daniel was good at lecturing and definitely accessible outside of class. Don't skip class, procrastinate, or anything else bad students do or you'll end up like me with my C-.
Kluver is a good professor and 5117 is a very helpful class. However, it is a lot of work and 2 projects + homeworks will take up a lot of your time if you are not familiar with the tech stacks used. Just beware that this will be the most difficult and time-consuming class of your semester - especially if you get stuck with an incompetent group
Really good lectures, he's really good at making the material clear and easy to understand. very quick to respond to emails and questions.
Most of the material is learned in lab/homework. Difficulty ramps up about 2/3 into the semester so get a good foundation or else the last few labs and homework will be difficult. Sometimes condescending during lecture but he means well. Go to class because he has group participation assignments once per week.
Daniel's lectures were very funny and engaging. He starts each day off with a 5-10 minute review which is at times helpful and at other times frustrating. This class has weekly homework assignments that range from being easy to complete to very frustrating. He lets you drop a HW assignment, 3 labs, and a quiz though which is nice!
Kluver is a funny and engaging guy. Lectures are very humorous and don't drag on. He covers what you need to know at a great level. Tests are fair and study guides are provided. Homeworks are tedious but doable. Grading is horribly and inexcusably slow (2+ weeks for hw)! Generally, he is insanely quick at responding to student emails( < 15 min).
Cool dude. He cares about his students, and the grading is fair.
Shonal's lectures are super entertaining and he does a great job explaining all of the content. The course itself can be mildly annoying at times with grading criteria on some of the assignments being less than ideal, but the course feels fair overall (not very difficult).
Shonal is a great instructor for CSCI 3081W. Lectures felt boring or necessarily long at times, but Shonal did his best to make them interesting, and overall the class as a whole was good.
This class is unique and has a lot of potential concepts that apply to software development jobs. The class itself is easy but homework sometimes can be time intensive. Overall, every interesting course.
I don't understand why he has so many bad reviews. 4131 is really difficult and requires a lot of self-study. But I don't think he is a bad teacher. Two of my friends took his class, and no one scolded him. Another 4131 teacher had good reviews, but he was a bit mean to international students. If given another chance, I would still choose Dan.
bad lecturer but the TAs carry the class
If you have web development experience, then this class is like extra practice for you. Otherwise, most of the homework will involve some kind of self-learning. The exams are weighted highly, but they are doable if you understand the homeworks.
Challou is a New Yorker in the Midwest, so he can be a bit callous in class which rubs some people the wrong way. But if you show up and do the work, the pieces come together. Practically gives the homework away in lectures. Tests are fairly hefty, and he's prone to some trickier questions, but it's nothing he hasn't pointed to in class.
Lecture attendance is part of the grade, and half the time is spent explaining how to do the homework. Very little content covered in lecture. W3Schools is your textbook but just read what you need for HW. Nothing in the class is overly difficult but you learn a lot if you have no HTML/JS experience. Challou is very approachable for questions.
The class is home work heavy but I guess home work helps in learning the material. Probably it would be better to reduce the weight assigned to exams. A decent experience.
Interesting lectures, labs help for tests
This class was a great way to get a little exposure to a bunch of different languages. Projects were most of the grade, and besides some bugs, they were usually straightforward. Lectures got long, but I got more out of working through the projects than from class. He randomly collects in-class work for participation grade.
Show up to lecture and start get ahead
He's a good teacher. Tries to be funny, fails more often than not. Has tests every week and a few non graded pop quizzes( nothing tough though).
I like him. He is nice to people. Some instructions in the assignments can definitely be shorter. To me, two sentences often have the similar meaning. Time given on iteration4 is not enough. Exams are easy if you review the lecture slides.
She was a decent professor, and the lectures helped a lot. The textbook was optional but I found it to be a good tool to use for the course. Exams weren't bad if you did the assignments and paid attention to the lectures.
Makes getting a good grade very accessible through easy to do quizzes and homeworks.
This class covers a fairly large amount of material in a pretty short period of time. If you are looking for a class where all the knowledge will be distilled and easily understood without context-then this class is not for you. Be sure to read up before class and ask questions. Prof. Zhao was receptive to criticism or suggestions-just ask.
For those of you who say Hooper is "worthless," perhaps you shouldn't speak ill of peoples' teaching when you write words like "cuz" and don't use proper capitalization and punctuation. I'm just sayin'.
Dr. Hooper is a seriously nice guy. He is only confusing if you don't keep up with studying. It's biochem, it's supposed to be hard! Attend lecture, he gives lots of quizzes that will only help your grade...if you STUDY!!!
Professor Hooper is one of the nicest guys ever and really cares about the students and wants them to learn. However, the class lacks structure. His packet is way to random. It may have good information but its just presented all wrong. The tests didn't focus on the concepts of biochem enough. I felt like I didn't learn much.
Even though his handouts are confusing, the confusion is worth it to have Hooper as your professor. Going to recitations and studying the practice exams is really all you need to do. Also, you'll barely, if at all, touch your book. Hooper doesn't like it and barely uses it.
This guy is probably the most generous prof I have had. He will go out of his way to help. Exams are very simple if you study the practice exams. I am pretty sure that if you have a very basic understanding of what is going on and you study the practice exams you can easily get a C.
Hooper tries to be very helpful although he's sometimes hard to understand. He makes his tests very similar to old exams. Biochemistry is a moderately difficult class but Hooper makes it quite doable.
An extremely nice guy, but a tad scatterbrained. Very obvious that he's an aging hippie. Social Uses of Biology was an extremely interesting course. Biochemistry wasn't, but there's not a whole lot he can do about that.
I had him for Social Uses of Biology (which was a great class). We had guest speakers almost every night, so I don't know much about his teaching style. But, he is a really nice guy and makes you think.
Of what i've heard, the best of the biochem profs. He gives out practice tests, of which he uses very similar or identical questions. Also, he sets a curve, then adds on an easy 10 point paper on top of it, just to help out. He is monotone, but funny.
A little disorganized and goofy, but a very kind and caring person. He is a good teacher though he jumps around a lot and doesn't have much confidence.
I enjoyed his class. If you can understand the main concepts that he teaches, everything else will come easy. Nice Guy Also
He was obviously very passionate about the subject matter, which certainly made class more interesting. He presented concepts very clearly. Go to his class, skim the textbook. That's how you get A's.
A decent lecture but a pretty strict class. Has pop quizzes which are kind of annoying. The grading structure is harsh: he does the 60-70-80-90 cutoff, no curve. Your final grade is heavily weighted on the final exam (counts for 50% of the lecture grade). Labs are rather blah but independent projects are fun.
Dr. Stephens was really fun to listen to and did some nice demonstrations. I think he explains things well and I don't think he was arrogant at all.
A little arrogant at times, but funny and a great professor. He makes the material easy to learn.
Great teacher! Her lectures are hilarious
She is an awesome instructor. She has a great personality and is very clear with projects and essays.
Jane is a hilarious lecturer and a very kind, caring professor. I almost wish I had to take more biology classes to have her. She is very knowledgeable and her review sessions for exams were insanely helpful. Would NOT recommend this class, but would recommend her for any other future biology course!
Jane makes biology really fun and does a pretty good job of presenting material. She also genuinely seems to care how well her students do and wants to make sure they all succeed. 100% recommend her.
Phillips' lectures were interesting and pertinent to the course materials. She is quite amusing, in a quirky science way, and quite willing to answer questions outside of the classroom. She places a lot of emphasis on the process of scientific research and how to become involved. With hard work an A is easily achievable.
The subject matter addressed in this class is VERY technical and the expectations are VERY high. Expect to read more scientific journal articles than textbook chapters. Jane is kind, patient, approachable and very available for questions outside of class, even at the 11th hour. I owe a lot of my understanding of the material to her personally.
She lacks a schedule as to when/what she teaches. There is a lot of outside homework that doesn't really relate to the lecture. She is however incredibly helpful if you go up and ask her to explain it to you personally after class as well as in office hours. very good teacher.
This class is a lot of work, however, Dr. Wick's portion of the tests are usually not too hard and a good representation of the material covered in class. She doesn't talk above your head, and is enthusiastic about getting you to be a "colleague" in the biological sciences rather than just a student.
The teaching combo of Wick and Matthes is great. Wick's portions of the tests are always easier and right from the lecture. Very kind and willing to answer any questions. She always wants to give part of the tests as take-home, however she let the class vote to decide for the second test. The take-home portion was too time consuming.
Really really nice professor. For the honors seminar if you go to class, give your presentation and write the short paper (which can pretty much be about anything) you are guaranteed an A.
Excellent Prof, really helpful and cares a lot about her students and their success
Very good!
No Comments
Really easy class. Just show up and listen.
It was good to attend lectures because you could remember things from them for the exams. Her lecture notes are helpful for studying for tests. Overall, it was an easy course.
Shes boring and you can sleep everyday maybe, but she tells a lot of information and you learn a lot if you can stay awake.
She's a good teacher. Don't expect her lectures to be the most exciting, but she'll tell you what you need to know
I was skeptical on taking Dr. Brambl's class at first--there's a lot of memorization involved in this class, which I dislike doing, but at the end of the semester, I was surprised at how much I learned and retained. He does a good job of giving the highlights of cell bio. Not a fan of the test format, but on the plus side, they're fairly easy.
Very passionate/interested in what he is teaching. If you go to the lectures, take notes, then review the specific figures online and do the last 3-4 yrs of practice exams an A is VERY doable. Also, attend class because he will add 10% of the points you have earned in the class onto your total. Stutters a bit, but you learn to get used to it.
He's a pretty decent prof. He likes to make sure everyone understands and does a good job explaining the concepts. I guess his only flaw is how much he studders during lecture; it just takes some getting used to but doesnt affect his teaching in any way. Tests are multiple choice complete the statement type problems; very easy.
Professor Maheswaran is very helpful if you have a good attitude and are willing to pay attention and want to learn. This class is not an easy A for someone looking for an easy prerequisite for pharmacy, medicine, nursing, etc. Too many people think that they are automatically going to obtain a position in these majors by just taking the prerequisi
I took his class a few semesters ago and did very well. The prof came and visited us in lab and was excited to engage in discussion with students. I learned more from this class than any other I have taken before or since. If you are not strong in science courses, beware, otherwise he is pretty straight forward and had a huge curve for our class
I absolutely loved Prof Maheswaran! His lectures are directly from the lecture notes and also follow the book quite nicely. Do not cram for his class though; I did well because I kept up on the readings. If you go to lecture and lab, you should have no trouble getting an A...you just have to put in the time for it!
Get used to his accent. Read his lecture notes as if they were the Bible, and don't wait til the last minute to study for his exams. He's not the clearest in his explinations, but the TAs for this class are AMAZING, and TOTALLY helpful. I would strongly recommend going to their review sessions before exams. Work hard, and use Lab to your advantage. His tests are HARD, and he will make you feel like an idiot (he told us straight out we must all be retarded), but you learn a ton, and he's a good guy.
He made everything required to pass his class very clear immediately. Once things clicked in, it was very easy to understand. Sometimes hard to follow but if you listen at the proper level things become obvious.
Dave is really good at what he does, and has dozens of publications in the field of ecology. He is quick to share his opinions on things & tells it how it is. He is nice and a great teacher. He is eager to share knowledge. He is very approachable and excited by the things he discusses.
Good lecturer, awesome classnotes which cover everything you need to study...so you're screwed if you miss class and don't get the notes. Lab is a lot of work but very interesting.
Amazing prof! Very excited about class material and his enthusiasm rubs off on the class. Extremely knowledgeable and presents up-to-date research to emphasize class topics. One of the best prof's I've ever had. Exams were challenging but manageable. Excellent class.
He was very entertaining and the exams were not bad at all. Do not buy the book. I did learn a lot though
This class was way easier than I thought it would be. The printed notes he gives out are all you need; I didn't open the textbook once. He also has a fantastic sweater collection.
I enjoyed Dr. Goldstein's class. The notes he has pre-printed are fantastic and definitely worth the money. They follow his lectures very closely. Don't bother to buy the textbook. His tests are pretty easy and the final was fair. Good professor.
He is a really great professor. He has premade lecture notes that are easy to follow along with plus if you miss a lecture you know exactly what to study. I would highly recommend going to class because missing a couple pop quizzes is the difference between a B and an A. His exams are fair and the final is only partly comprehensive.
I would say that he is a good professor especially when it comes to biology. What I find was most helpful was the lecture notes that he provided(there's a pdf version and booklet version you will have to buy) but taking side notes is also helpful. The exams aren't that hard if you study and get the lessons.
I would say that he is a good professor especially when it comes to biology. What I find was most helpful was the lecture notes that he provided(there's a pdf version and booklet version you will have to buy) but taking side notes is also helpful. The exams aren't that hard if you study and get the lessons.
He's incredibly smart and he knows what he's doing, but you have to be very diligent and hard working to pass the class. The tests are very hard and cover the things he talks about in depth. Buy the lecture notes, it says optional, but it's practically mandatory. Labs and pop quizzes are easy points. Try not to sleep during class, it's very easy.
Very nice professor (though a bit dry during lecture). You will want to attend lecture though as he does have a question or two from it. Tests are HARD!!! You do have to basically memorize the notes but you also have to understand them and be able to tie everything together. Curve is fair. Don't buy book! If you need help... ask! He will help.
Very nice, was helpful when I missed a lot of class due to illness.
like everyone else says, don't buy the book. exams aren't too bad just memorize the course notes and read the questions carefully and you should do well. study for the lab quizzes- they're stupid but it will effect your grade if you don't do well and some of the TAs enjoy asking obscure questions
Its true the book isn't worth getting, I rented the book and regretted it because I never opened it. I relied on the lecture notes which were more helpful.Exams are tricky due to the wording so be alert. I found my bio Ta to be more difficult than him. I won't go into details about her. Besides that I don't regret taking Bio with this professor. ^^
Overall, a great professor. Don't buy the book. He hands out notes and discuss them in detail in class, so make sure you attend all of his lectures or you will miss a few questions on the exam. Some stuff he purposely left out on the notes. His notes are basically the entire exam but you have to study it and memorize it.
Goldstein had VERY clear lectures and explained everything really well w/ powerpoints, him taking notes as we go, & short video demos for complicated concepts. DO NOT buy the textbook. Usually I use my books a lot, but did not at all for this class. Everything you need is in his notes he made for you to follow along during lectures. GREAT!!
If you get this note packet youll be guarantee an A. There is really no need for reading the book or coming to lecture instead of taking the pop quizzes of course. The test are straight from the notes. A lot of memorizing.
Goldstein is a funny old man...his lectures are extremely boring however. I only went for the "pop quizzes" that he announces. Just read the lecture notes and you'll be fine!
Nice teacher. Get his blue book for lecture notes. You don't need to buy the textbook. Only used to look at pictures. Fairly easy test if you studied
A very fair teacher. Study and you will do well. To get an A, just memorize his blue book of notes. For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son (Jesus Christ) that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have eternal life.
Don't get the book-I got a high A and never opened it once. He offers a lecture reader with all his notes before class, has everything you need for exams. Can be boring, but try to pay attention and the class is a breeze.
tests are a little tricky, but just read the notes and you'll be good.
Easy going
Lectures mostly consist of him reading the notes that he gives you. Hard to stay awake.
She taught this class with another professor. Although her lectures aren't incredibly in-depth, she does publish the objectives and answering those gives you an excellent lead on the exams. She is very kind and very understanding of situations that arise outside of class. I would take her again in a heartbeat.
Awesome teacher, goes out of his way to make sure you understand the material. Lectures are very interesting, but fairly technical. Greeted everyone by their first name on the first day! (He had them all memorized!) Great teacher overall :)
This is a difficult class. Don loves teaching, but I'm not entirely sure hes suited to it. There are no practice tests, and really no preparation for exams.
Very clear in lecture. I didn't want to take this class, but I'm glad I did! Clearly, this man put some time into figuring out how people learn best and then does it! The lab was very slow, dull, mundane, and boring, however. Pretty much a slower version of a high school biologe/ecology lab, but not as much fun.
Well organized teacher. If you want a good grade do the optional book problems as he often modifies those for test questions. Extensive knowledge of genetics and even personally knows people that are in the text book (although he did write it). Fun guy, knows your name.
I learned a lot in this Immunology class. Amazing professor. His tests are hard and he does not curve BUT he lets you substitute the quizzes for the lowest test score. You have to work really hard. Averages were around 35/50. I learned a ton though and I loved the class.
The first day of class he warns that you will have to do outstanding work if you want an "A". Very intelligent prof, probably one of the most challenging courses I have taken but I learned an absurd amount. At times his criticism can be intimidating but understand he only does it to insure students understand the material. I def recommend him.
I learned so much from Dr. Jemmerson! I am just wondering how much time the others spent at his weekly help session. He actually has a great sense of humor.
I learned so much from Dr. Jemmerson! I am just wondering how much time the others spent at his weekly help session. He actually has a great sense of humor.
Evolution lectures were split between Bob and another professor. Bob's half was significantly clearer and more exciting. He starts class everyday with funny videos he has on his computer. He tries to fit birds into most topics, as he's an ornithologist. He tests on things he mentions in lecture, but doesn't post in his slides.
Great professor. Loved his lectures.
An accomplished ornithologist/evolutionary biologist who takes undergrads and grads seriously and values their education. Funny, outgoing, personable. Makes difficult material simple.
Exams are easy if you attend class and take decent notes. Don't buy the textbook- it was a complete waste. Lab is pretty boring and the lab quizzes were sometimes difficult.
He's a good teacher. He uses the overhead to write up notes and draw diagrams, which are surprisingly helpful. He enjoys what he teaches and he does it well. He can be abrasive, but overall he is a good guy.
You show up to class and go on the little field trips, then write short reflections about them and you're done. Literally so easy.
Sterner was a great professor. His tests and quizzes are completely reasonable and you can tell he genuinely cares about how his students are doing and if the assignments are fair.
Sterner is great! I learned a lot of biology, and I didn't mind going to class. I would recommend him to people.
This class is incredibly easy! He is so funny! The assignments are very straight forward and easy. You just have to do the work. Everybody in my group really enjoyed his portion of the class!! I would highly recommend Sterner!
Sterner seems to have improved a ton since he first taught this course (when all the bad reviews came in.) He was a decent lecturer and the tests were easy. If you don't like ecology, he wont change your mind but he id definitely a fine teacher. Given the choice between him & Brooker or Kirkpatrick&Seabloom for this class, I made the right choice.
Jocelyn is a good professor. She explains things clearly and is good at communicating what she expects of you. That said, it's a lot of material so you have to studydo the work. Practice tests are very helpful for the real thing!
She's a great professor who really cares about making sure everyone understands. She asks clicker questions to enforce attendance, and is really good about making sure everyone understands the answers. Her tests are long, but she provides practice exams which prepare you enough that you should be able to complete the exams on time.
Jocelyn is a great professor. She wants her students to succeed and is clearly extremely interested in the field that she teaches in. Always has insight and is more than willing to spend time outside of class clarifying and even teaching things not covered in the course. Her exams are brutal, but she's great. The U is lucky to have her.
I think this professor presented class material well. She had exhaustive powerpoint slides that she covered in lecture and posted online. Her tests are a bit on the hard side, but if you do the practice questions, you will see that she asks similar questions on exams.
This class is a mixture of student development with some forensic science. It was an easy A and a great GPA booster like most freshman seminars. She is a very nice lady and seems to know a lot about forensic science.
Prof. Hanna was a great instructor. She knew the subject very well and provided us with a fun and challenging class.
Team taught with Peter Franco, both really great teachers. They tested on general concepts that they emphasized in class. Also, they handed out lecture notes and pp slides every class period. Almost all exam questions were from those handouts.
I wish he taught all of my classes. He is very handsome!
Good class up until the end. He didn't hand back most of our assignments from throughout the semester and didn't even bother telling us when the final paper was due. Overall, I still recommend the class, but expect to be frustrated by not getting assignments back and by having next to no idea how you are doing in the class.
No Comments
Great professor. Seemed very interested in the topic, and was "real" with his students (aka he knew when we became disinterested in a topic and would move on). Lots of information is presented and out of class time will be extremely necessary to do well, but I learned a lot and he did a good job teaching it.
He is a very outgoing professor and he even challenged my course-mate to do push ups in front of the lecture hall! My understanding to the subject increased when he is teaching!
So he's kinda the king of Persia a good mix between Beowolfe and the prince of persia. Always good for an explanation
Cyrus is very helpful. I am currently enrolled in his class and he is in the TA room before class everyday so he can answer questions and work one-on-one with you if you need help. He puts lecture notes (just words) and the lecture slides online so you can print whichever one works better for you before class. His tests are moderately hard.
Good Professor. Cares about students. The exams are difficult and you should definitely read the book to do well on the exams. Exams have several "trick" questions, IMO.
He makes this class extremely easy. Anything he doesn't go over in lecture is never on a quiz or test. He is quite helpful and explains things in a very easy to understand way. Overall a very nice guy and good professor.
Ridiculously easy class. I've slept through most of the lectures and haven't had any problems with the material. Easy midterms, easy tests, easy labs. It's not a lot of complicated work, sometimes it's just busy work. I hardly spend any time on this class and I'm headed towards an A.
I'm going to be honest, I hate biology; always have always will. But Dr.Fall definitely made parts of it understandable. The lectures are a bit dull but informative enough that I didn't open my book once during the semester and got 100% on both midterms. He's helpful if you approach him and willing to describe something you don't understand.
He is a good guy and I learnt a lot in the lecture. He is willing to answer questions but sometimes the lecture is a little dull. And we don't really need the textbook.
Good lectures with lots of information. Power point and lecture notes are online but you still have to go for pop quizzes. Nice guy as well. Don't buy books.
Bruce shows genuine interest in his subject and is helpful in person(though I agree with the "tangents" comment). Shame so many people don't bother keeping up with the textbook readings, the course is simple if you do.
For an intro level class, it's a lot of work; but he's extremely nice and helpful (though likes to go off on tangents in person). It's hard to pull off an A if you're not good at Bio, but possible. Nice guy--would have him again. Don't bother buying the textbook, though. Didn't use it once.
I liked Dr. Fall. He was very nice and easy to talk with. He posts all of his lecture notes online, so that makes it a lot easier to study. Good guy, good class.
Concise lectures, sometimes confusing but she'll totally clear things up if you just ask. Very caring and undertanding.
sweet, understanding, few brief assignments with semi-unclear grading, textbook recommended but can be completed without (somewhat easily)
Dr. May is a great professor, but lectures are pretty bland. However, her study guides prepare you for the exams perfectly, so it is an easier course. There was one group project on which she graded pretty fairly. Overall, I would recommend. Participation is about 10% of the grade. Don't buy the textbook.
Dr. May is a good professor in the sense that she helps you if you need it. However, that is where the compliments end. The lectures are boring, but required. There are clicker questions that make you attend class. Also, her exams are assigned to a 50-minute block, but require probably about 90 minutes of actual work to be thorough (required).
No Comments
He is extremely nice, pretty funny, and very helpful. Knows a ton about science including the historical background, which gives nice perspective to the material. Does go a little to fast sometimes. Exams are definitely hard but not unreasonable. Overall highly recommend df
He is extremely nice, pretty funny, and very helpful. Knows a ton about science including the historical background, which gives nice perspective to the material. Does go a little to fast sometimes. Exams are definitely hard but not unreasonable. Overall highly recommend
He makes sure you know what to study for the exams and spends a lot of time on more difficult material instead of just flying through it.I would recommend going to his review sessions.He tells you what you won't need to know for the exams and tells you exactly what you need to know about certain topics. He is funny which keeps lectures interesting.
Pete is funny! He expects students to know the material very well and focuses more on free-response exams than multiple choice. He co-taught this course, focusing on RNA and development. His lecture notes are extremely helpful and he covers everything in class, emphasizing topics on the exams. Highly recommend! Tough but very fair.
Yosef is one of the smartest professors I have had. He is really helpful and funny.
Interesting class, good professor. He admittedly tries to make this class as painless as possible. I Definitely recommend human genetics for all GCD majors.
Team taught with Peter Merriman. Two outstanding professors! Tests were on general topics covered in class, and both professors provided lecture notes/PP slides to the class every day.
Great professor, explained concepts well, easy exams, attending class will really help grades
I had Pete for genetics lab. He is extremely helpful when you need it but you MUST understand basic genetics going into this class. He will not take time to teach genetics to you that you should already know. I liked this class so much I am TAing for him next semester. P.S. The fly report is EASY!
Good teacher..material really dry and it is really hard to go to class and stay awake. It was really nice since he printed off notes for lectures. I never even opened my book this semester and I should be getting an A this semester. Extra credit problems help a lot:)
This class is actually vary easy and he explains the material quite well. He often has typos on his lecture notes but aside from that he is the best professor I ever had. The people that don't like him seem to either not be paying attention in class and try to teach themselves from the lecture notes. All you need to do is pay attention.
The Lab is new and things are still being ironed out, but Brett makes it possible to do well in it. He is always open to students trying out new things and is good at answering questions.
Dr. Wilmott did a great job teaching 1951 for it being her first time. Don't be afraid to ask questions during and after class. Her sections are a little more difficult than Anna's. Pay attention to the case studies in the text for quizzes. Her exam questions are hard but she makes lots of clarifications and works with students to make it easier.
I had her the first year she co-taught this course and she did pretty solid. Take notes before class starts, material isn't easy to digest the first time. She explains things well but it helps to go in with some idea of what will be taught. Don't memorize structures, memorize processes. Make sure you understand biochemical oxidation and reduction.
Wilmot is a very good at one on one interactions, so I would definitely use office hours to your advantage- she is super nice, and will make sure that you understand what you are finding confusing. Her tests are largely based off of the slides, so don't waste time on the book, but the tests are super detailed so make sure to study a lot!!
A caring professor and is really nice in office hours. Memorize all of her slides as the exams only use the material she gives in her slides.
She teaches the first half of the course. Make sure you don't miss class; she will tell you which materials will be on the exam during lecture. For the most part, you'll just need to regurgitate whatever is on her slides. You won't need the textbook, all exams and quizzes come from her slides. Overall, I really enjoyed her class.
His lectures are slow-paced since he covered more details than needed for the exams. Overall really great professor: informative, professional, consistent with lecture style and materials.
His lectures are based on paper handouts, which can feel very disorganized. His exams(3) are all written. Ironically, he sent us an example exam at the start of the semester, which ended up being our second exam. His lectures are based on the Big picture, so don't dwell on small numbers or details. There is a paper too and participation counts!
Dr. Travisano maybe isn't the most organized but he is a good enough professor. His lectures are actually really funny because of all the random stuff he says and he doesn't just read off the slides. This was his first year teaching this course so he was a bit lost but his tests were super easy. If you love organization don't take him
The lectures are all posted online so it's kind of pointless to go to science days. The quizzes on Tuesday are for extra credit so it's good to go then. Overall the two midterm exams weren't that difficult but the final was fairly difficult. The class itself is quite useless but Glazebrook is entertaining and weird, which makes it enjoyable
3020 is a slightly pointless. If you didn't fully grasp BIOL 2001 (Foundations) then this course is actually beneficial. If you fully understood it, it's annoying. They usually bring down the pass grade and it's easy to pass without much studying (If you have a grasp of 2001). Glazebrook is very enthusiastic and wants you to do well. Good choice.
Jane is very enthusiastic in her lectures. Extra credit is offered every lecture day, presumably because otherwise no one would attend - lecture slides are online and the textbook covered at least 95% of the material. Only offered pass/fail and a little bit of work will usually get you an S.
Jane is so lovely, she makes the class so interesting. I liked her so much but the final exam was kind of hard, so make sure you do the problems that she does in class since she usually repeats them in the exam. Otherwise it's a pass and fail so it was pretty chilled there were group works once a week and presentation with the group like once.
I was in a Biol 3020 section that was taught by both Jane and Dr. David Kirkpatrick. Since she was not teaching alone, it's hard to say how much of the difficulty was due to which professor. But Jane is not an easy grader. You will lose points from her for minor technical errors in essay questions about your opinion on social issues.
Jane is absolutely amazing. She's hilarious, and has stories for just about every bit of material covered. Her class was one of few that I genuinely enjoyed attending 100% of the time. I highly recommend her.
Jane is really funny and shes super energetic, I always enjoyed her lectures. Shes clear when she explains things and her tests are not unexpected if you read her lecture notes posted online and work the problems.
Jane is probably the most enthusiastic prof I've ever seen. This enthusiasm keeps me awake in class because the material can be very boring at times. Her tests are usually divided between multiple choice and problem solving. Study for the problem solving portion and you'll be fine.
Flanders is very passionate about the lectures she gives. Sometimes she gets too excited and speaks a little too fast during lecture - go back and listen to the lecture recordings she posts afterward. Get ready to study really hard to really connect the dots for all material, and you'll do well on the unconventional written exams.
She is helpful, and kind of funny. Not strict though. It's good to take her class
Ron is hilarious.
Ron is phenomenal! AGRO is only bearable because you have the opportunity to have class with this guy!
Ron is AWESOME! Highly recommend him, comes to class excited and has a very child-like personality and spirit. Makes learning dull material fun!
Generally good guy with solid lectures that often include group work in lectures. The lab is pretty cool and he's very helpful if you ask him about something.
Answers e-mails quickly; cares about us students.
Attendence is basically mandatory to get the packets. He's a good teacher and will explain things further if you ask. The problem with this class is the test expectations are very high and there is no cushion for a bad test score. Overall I would still recommend the class.
I took this class last fall, Gretchen was one of the nicest TAs I've had. Always willing to slow down and explain something if we didn't understand it.
Open note, book, and internet tests and quizzes. Easy class. Not a boring professor.
Absolutely the best professor I have had this semester. Loves his subject, very bright but can teach on a level even genetics rookies can understand. Would recommend this professor to anyone. Period.
Professor Bagchi is fantastic. He's passionate about genetics, making it easy to listen to him lecture and he is very knowledgeable. The tests are open book and internet because he knows in life if you were solving a problem these would be available. I highly recommend him and the class. His accent can make him hard to understand, but still great.
Clear, straightforward, helpful lecturer. Explains the material well and is very supportive when you approach him.
This biochem class is really fun if you actually pay attention in class and his lectures. His exams are all based on powerpoints and he even gives you extra notes by him on the powerpoints. This class is used long before and the PP were previously made from other profs but he just adds stuff in. If you study what he says easy A. TA's help a lot!
Dr. Merica is one of my favorite professors I've had at the U. Genuinely loves what she does and manages to be incredibly smart at it but able to easily teach the material at an undergraduate level. Teaches lecture and lab so plenty of time to ask questions. She's funny and very easy to talk to. Lectures are recorded which is helpful in studying.
Dr. Merica is awesome. She teaches the lab portion of this class and part of the lecture and I loved it. I learned so much in one semester. Her tests are fairly easy. Make sure you go to class when she lectures because she expands greatly on her powerpoint slides. You will miss a lot of information if you miss class.
Good professor and knows a great deal about what he teaches, maybe could allow for more discussion rather than straight lecturing.
He's a really good teacher. He really does care about educating his students. I haven't really learned very much about genetics in this class as it is all an overview of the ethics involving genetics, but it has taught me to form my opinions better
I took this class as a lib ed but it ended up being my favorite class this semester
She is super passionate about the human body & how she teaches it. She creates a super fun learning environment which isn't overwhelming even though you're learning a lot. Simplifies the large amount of material covered so you don't feel overwhelmed. VERY clear in expectations and grading as well as what will be on the tests. Work hard for an A.
Dr. Price gave high quality, interesting lectures that cover all the content on her exams. Her approach to physiology was based on an in-depth example from each body system. Pay attention to her non-mammal examples since she likes to ask about them on exams.
Study hard for exams and just keep up week to week for quizzes and you will get an A!
Dr. Price is a boss. She is super cool and SO enthusiastic about the human body. The lab portion of the class is really fun and easy. A good portion of the time is talking about the human body and real-life unusual stories that incorporate the material. Only bad part of the class is if you get stuck with a bad team for the debate!
Dr. Price has amazing lectures! Make sure to complete the study guides she provides before tests because everything she asks on them will be on the test and nothing more. Also be aware that you will have to participate in a group debate in front of the class at some point.
It is really easy to pass her class, however it is very difficult to ace it. Tests are extremely difficult.
Biol 1010 is a great class because it fulfills two requirements and is pretty easy to get a good grade. I studied a low to moderate amount for tests, scored in the low 80's, but got an A- in the class because so much of the grade is based on participation and assignment completion.
Good class to take for generals. Tests are hard, but the midterm and final were less than a third of the grade combined. They don't take attendance in lecture, but you will miss so many points that it will be extremely difficult to pass.
Dr. Price has to be my favorite biology professor in the department. She is very passionate about physiology as well as teaching, this makes her an exceptional professor. She makes very big use of the textbook, and most if not all of the exam is based off book and lecture notes. She is very respectful and kind! I would highly recommend her & 1010.
She's great at making sure the information is clear, but is sometimes a little awkward and graphic.
There are weekly 5 point quizzes, and you get a few drops. As long as you keep up with the lectures they should be easy points, and sometimes you'll get full points just for showing up. Tests are directly from slides, she states what you need to know. Easy assignments. Great class pre-MCAT. She is very personable, so go to office hours!
Dr. Price is pretty average. For a CBS course, it's fairly straightforward and easy; averages for tests run at about a B this semester. The best way to study for her exams are definitely flashcards, like a previous review said. Take it, and just keep up with the material every week and you'll be fine.
I loved this class. The professor really tries to engage the class and is really passionate about the material (especially creatures without backbones). Really helpful during office hours.
Chaplin is a really nice guy who is passionate about what he teaches. Go to class, do the problems, and you'll do fine.
What follows his classes, assuming you are an engineering major, is far more rigorous. He is clear, direct, and willing to help when he notes he is available. If you wait until the end of the semester to ask for it, he's less forgiving. These are fundamentals. Read the book, note lectures and do the homework.
He was very clear about what he wanted and expected.
Very fast pace, but the material he tests are not that hard if you have a decent understanding. Teaches from the book, does lots of examples, and the test questions are often from the homework. Homework can take awhile though. Uses SolidWorks for lab. Class is NOT curved, he failed 40% last year, but feasible to beat that. Overall cool class.
I loved coming to this class, and he made you feel like you were really learning each day.
Outlines for papers were pretty clear, but sometimes the class can get really disorganized and grading can take a while. The content is really interesting and I learned a lot of applicable skills in corporate environmental reporting/business.
Great lecturer, keeps things interesting. Tests are long but the content is fair.
There are only 3 exams 100 pts each the entire semester. However, while the slides are posted online I would still recommend going to class. Majority of the slides are pictures with little wording, so going to class is essential to understand the concepts behind each slide. A study guide and practice exam is provided before each exam.
Professor Carter asks some pretty tough questions on quizzes, but nothing unfair. He presents the material pretty clearly in the lecture recordings and gives good feedback if you ever have questions. The only downside to the online format is that it can get kinda boring.
Things were a bit iffy due to the online switch halfway through. The class was lecture heavy from the beginning, but that became pretty ineffective once the online switch was made. Lectures are definitely long and boring, but all the material from the exams are from them. Really focus on the few homework assignments, they will be on the exam.
He's a really chill professor who is clearly very passionate about what he teaches. The only downside about his lectures was his accent which made him a bit hard to understand. His tests though are mostly straightforward and it's easy to do well if you memorize all the slides.
She taught the Matlab part of the class and was generally very clear in the lectures. I actually understood what she was explaining (unlike her co-professor). While some people were mad that she wanted people to try to figure things out on their own before asking for help, it was a good practice and after showing an attempt, she is willing to help
Daniel's a pretty good teacher, he tried his best to make all the material engaging and showed lots of videos in class. Lab is an easy A if you just do the work, but Daniel's lecture exams were more difficult than need be and if you want to do well on them, you have to attend lecture and take good notes.
She's super nice. Tests are entirely lecture (don't buy the book). There are only 3 midterms and no final (each is cumulative though). That means you shouldn't slack off studying for any midterm because they are hard to bounce back from if you screw it up. Mostly reads off the slides, but sometimes offers extra credit at end of class.
She is really a decent professor. The content of the class is difficult to learn due to the bulk, but she does a good job of conveying material in a logical manner. She really seems to enjoy teaching and will offer good feedback on assignments. This class is only a challenge because of material, the professor is great.
All of his tests are little nit picky things, but easy to cover all of the material. do extra textbook problems and you will basically end up doing the test. Also , get old tests from previous students, not alot of change
The overlap between study guides and the readings was not always there. Trinity is super nice and caring but not tech savvy, and if you had to attend via zoom you lost out on a lot of the experience. Grade is a good mix between study guides, exams, and papers. I don't feel like I learned that much; lots of good lit review though.
Easy grader, you get to leave class early on times. Sometimes, the lab is kinda hard to follow but he is able to come around and explain if you don't understand stuff. You will fail the class if you miss more than three times so you will have to show up to class on time.
Lectures are recorded online, so it is only mandatory to go for discussion (3 days) and exams. Exams are multiple choice. Fair questions, but definitely difficult. Very understanding that students have other responsibilities, and even let me take one of his exams online when I worked the weekend prior to the Monday in-class exam. Not a bad choice.
Lecture is slightly boring, as she reads from the slides. However, she does include what you need to know for the test and what concepts she likes. Tests are straight from the powerpoints. She really likes TrueFalse questions and leans towards False as the right answer. 3 Quizzes 4 Tests, last test is 50% cumulative.
Dr. Vezys was overall a good professor. She did not expect you to memorize all of the minute details of the textbook. Her tests were mostly off her powerpoints which were easy to understand.
Jennifer was very understanding and personable. Her lectures were very engaging and she included a lot of great activities to tie into topics. My only issue was that I felt her lectures didn't fully cover what was going to be on exams. She does allow you to have a notecard which is nice!
This was a fun class - Prof. Powers made classes fun by throwing in games and mixed media, as well as lots of great activities. However, most students struggled with the 3 concurrent semester-long projects assigned. The midterms were also exhausting and highly writing intensive. It felt a little unorganized, but was a good course. I learned a lot.
If you don't do the small assignment throughout this class, the final paper will kick your butt. Everyone got assigned a country and eventually writes a paper on the conservation issues in their respective country. Lots of readings and small research writings that build the base for a good final paper. She lectured a ton, too.
I took this class as a seminar and was expecting a lot of work. It ended up being my favorite class and she was SO passionate about the topic. I stayed after class one day to talk to her and her passion inspired me to love the course even more. She really cares about every student and it was an extremely easy class to pass.
I thought she was a great prof! She definitely knows her stuff, and tries to make it interesting and mix things up during class. I definitely learned a lot in this class. P.S. Re: "questionable wardrobe" comments--what are you, twelve years old?? Go back to middle school!
Rants a lot and gets off topic but obviously loves her profession and is excited about her work and class. Very friendly and brings in a lot of snacks.
Difficult to get an A, focus on the quizzes and you can set yourself up well. If you get below a B, honestly question if you are fit to be an engineer
Akkin was one of the few professors where I've felt like he genuinely cares about us. There were multiple occasions where he understood that our major is hard and that we are busy. He's pushed back homework and exams, as well as changed the curve so that we'd be able to succeed. His exams are very hard, but he is a great guy
Tests and homework are fair. He provides many examples in lecture and is very helpful. Good teaching style.
Prof. Byrd is really knowledgeable in her field, has a lot of experience, and is really energetic about teaching students. You can tell that she's one of those professors that actually knows how to and wants to teach rather than just being at the university for research purposes. My only gripe is there's kind of a lot of busy work, but its not hard
It was clear from day 1 he cared about the students he was teaching. Very down to earth and adjusts the course based on the needs of the class. He even offered an extra credit quiz in case we missed one during class which was super helpful. During Covid he was especially comprisable as made things easier for students rather than harder.
This class is graded on 3 different assignments and 3 exams. The exams are very lecture heavy and rely on the slides he presents on in class as well as the practice questions he asks during lecture. His review sessions for the class are very helpful for the exams!
Lots of information in class, but mostly tests on problem solving so take interest in everything, but can focus your studying for exams. One of the best profs I have had at the U. Definitely don't regret taking his Genetics.
Overall good class. Homework and other assignments besides the exams made up a large portion of the class. Exams were very fair and there were no surprises. She gives you a lot of helpful material in order to do well. Keep up with the readings and especially the lectures and you'll do fine.
Dr. Bushley has got to be one of the nicest professors out there. She was super understanding of the covid situation and always asked for our input on any decision she made. Her tests covered a lot of material but were always fair enough. She also dished out a lot of free points too which was very nice.
Exams like practice exams. Very nice.
Very sweet and willing to help you out if you're struggling with a topic. She gets confused sometimes by problems in class, but she is a good lecturer and simplifies everything. Exams are based solely on lectures, and the online homework is pretty much what the exam questions will be like.
Professor Bushley is very nice! Her lectures are straightforward about the topics discussed and what's cover on the exam. Sometimes she can be confusing when it comes to explaining the math portions of the lectures. All exams are based on lecture materials. Show up to class, do lots of practice problems and review previous exam and you'll do fine.
Jan is very kind and hilarious, but you will never get above a B on anything graded. There are 400-word essays due 2x/wk with ~40pg of reading. I had a great group which made this class my favorite to attend. Lots of work is graded for completion (>50%). This class is a LOT of work but I really enjoyed it! Discussion-based class, no lectures!
Jan comes off as very harsh, but she is very caring once you make an effort to know her. To get on her good side, participate a lot to show you're genuinely trying.
This class was one of the toughest class I've ever taken. You definitely get to learn a lot from different topics of presentations and readings. As you may already know her work load is a lot, but most of if are completion points, only a few are graded. I think the best way to do well in this class is to communicate with you TA !
I loved this class. It was fun and interesting to discuss each ethical issue covered. Lots of reading and writing. Take time to do the best writing you can, turn in a solid rough draft, and be analytical. It's a fun course, but the group project demands a lot of time!
I took this class to meet 15 credits, but I was surprised at how much work this class took. There is a lot of material, especially videos, to watch and they're like 20 minutes long but that's how you find the answers to the quizzes. A lot of weekly quizzes. Like there's a total of 890 points in the class and 50 extra credit points you can earn.
Professor Yang absolutely loves what she does. I took her class online (due to COVID) and her lectures were easy to follow. She would have a quiz on every lecture but its open note and she gives 3 attempts to get the best grade (although they are already easy). Only bad thing is her exams are quite hard. Use the quizzes to study for the exam.
Neil was great. I never really knew what was going to be important or not for quizzes/exams, but overall they went okay. He definitely could get off on tangents, but he was caring and quite nice. He tried his best.
Dr. Olszewki is a really nice guy and you can tell he's really passionate about plants (I am not). His quizzes are not as easy as I expected, as some questions are very specific, but the information is all on his slides. He was incredibly accommodating for the pandemic as well.
As long as you show up to most classes you'll pass. If you miss a scheduled quiz he'll ask for you to reschedule and take the same quiz everyone else took in his office. Just do the work and you'll be able to pass with a C. It's good to have some knowledge of the course before hand. Recommend taking PMB 2002 w/this course as it will help you out.
Good professor. Lecture material can sometimes get pretty dull. Go to class, pay attention and you will be fine. Neil is also very quick to respond to any questions so don't hesitate to ask. If you want to do well in any class... Ask Questions.
Great guy. Passionate about students and about what he does. Helpful in lab, too, and didn't make you feel awful when you didn't know something basic.
No Comments
One of the best professors I've ever had. This is NOT an easy class and there is a lot of work, but I have never taken a more worthwhile course - I learned critical thinking skills that I'll use for the rest of my life. As a bonus, Dana is incredibly funny and really cares about his students and his eukaryotic microbes.
He was very nice and made himself available all the time. He would visit during the lab sessions and try to talk to every student. Tests were hard.
Brittany Eich is just the person who shows up as the professor for NOL, but you won't actually have classes with her. Your guild leader will be in charge of your group's meetings. Brittany is accessible by email if you have questions or need to contact her for any reason, including if you have accommodations.
Dr. Krook-Magnusson had very enjoyable lectures although they sometimes got long. She was great at answering questions and pointing out important points for the exams but the exams were pretty much the whole grade in this course. Dr. Krook-Magnusson was accessible outside of class and was respectful and helpful.
Brett is a good professor. I took ESPM 3605, which is 95% online. One in-person midterm and one in-person final. Weekly assignments include two discussion posts and a homework assignment (based on videos/readings). One term paper (topic of your choosing). Brett gives quick feedback and responds to emails the day of.
The professor and the TA's are very nice and knowledgeable but there is a lot of work. 2 online modules a week that contain a reading, a quiz, and a reflection. There is a final paper and an online final exam and a hands-on project during the middle of the semester. Easy course all in all though.
David is passionate about this subject and it shows! You will go over a lot of content in the course but its mostly surface level. I learned so much valuable information from this class. There is a lot of assignments for this class and it can get annoying, but they are not hard at all and they grade really easy. I spent 4hrs/week on the class.
This class while looking easy upon signing up was AL OT of work. While most of it was easy work it was still a lot to complete. There was 2 Lessons weekley (pre-quiz, reading, post-quiz, reflection) that added up to a lot of work. With that said the class was worth it to take for a grade as long as you can commit to completing all of this.
Never met the guy in person because it's an online class, but he was on top of everything! Weekly email updates, grades a lot of student work (this class is taught by a team of at least 5 instructors) and super accessible by email. Class is an easy A if you follow all directions and stay on the weekly schedule, mostly busy work but manageable.
This class was online and not very difficult. There is a quiz twice a week but it is only 10 questions and it all has to do with what is on the lecture videos. Probably one of my more easiest classes I had this semester. The work doesn't take very long to complete.
I took the class online over the summer. It is really easy work, just can be time consuming with other stuff going on. All the assignments are available at the beginning of the semester so you can work ahead. Make sure you spend time on your DSARI project. As long as you do most of the work for the quizzes and reflections, it is an easy A
He is a very nice professor and willing to work with students via Email. The course is not hard at all that getting an A is very much do-able. You just have to always remember to do the assignments on time, and do them with quality. All reflections are generally graded loosely as long as you follow what they want you to write about.
An easy A, if you are organized and keep up with the all the assignments. The class is more time consuming than hard, and I really wish it was more challenging. I learned a lot of general info about renewable energy, but I was half-assing most of it. He really cares about the students' success but I wish he held us up to higher standards.
Easy class, be ready to do two quizzes a week, not highly demanding hours wise, but you either have to get a bit ahead or you can't just do the whole week sunday night.
The best class I've taken so far. Everything is online, the quizzes are fairly easy and the answers can be looked up online while taking them. The twice weekly reflection/essay prompts are straightforward and not graded harshly whatsoever. The lectures are interesting and I learned so much in this class. I cannot recommend it enough.
David along with the other BBE 2201 instructors are very passionate about what they're teaching and respond quickly to emails to help you succeed. There's quite a bit of easy busy work in the class, but as long as you put in some effort you'll walk away with an A and learning a lot more than you thought! Great way to fulfill your TS LibEd!
She is very caring and has an interesting world view. She can make you think about things in ways completely different than what you had before. The only reason that I gave her a 4 is because the lectures are absurdly dry. She explains things well - she is just kind of monotone and the lack of enthusiasm makes you get bored rly fast.
Dr. Kirkpatrick is very devoted to what she does. If she does not readily have an answer available, she will stop at nothing to find an answer for you. She is very insightful, and she is extremely kind. I highly recommend her.
She is very nice and helpful when you ask specific questions. Otherwise her lectures are hard to listen to. Her feedback can really help to do well in the class.
I had Prof. Kirkpatrick for Bio 2004, it was the first semester she taught the course so there were some problems that will likely be resolved in later semesters. The class was more work than 2 credits, but that's been changed, and if you have to take this class you have to take it anyway regardless of the credit load.
Other comments have heavily stigmatized Kirkpatrick for course difficulty, but I don't think this is fair. If a student would just read (and take notes on) the presentations before class, the lectures would be less droll and actually provide a boost to understanding. I don't think some students figured that out.
Kirkpatrick is there to help if you need it. Lectures straight out of the book, very straightforward that what he talks about in class is fair game to be on the exam. Extra credit pretests that apply to your exam. Good right? Well, his exams are brutally hard. You need to know SPECIFICS. You need to know EXACTLY what happens, WHEN, WHY. TOUGH.
Got our first midterm back, class average was 70%. Did I mention the exam was given to us a week prior? I hope that gives some insight into the unreasonableness of his grading criteria. Q:Describe a hypothesis for this experiment. A:List off and give and give a explanation of 30 words and how they relate to each other within a span of 10 minutes.
Bee is a good teacher, lecture is interesting. Lab is 50% of your grade and requires 3-4 hours of work per week. This should be a 4 credit class, so don't take it expecting it to be a breeze class.
Great at teaching the class, really makes you think critically about the material. Recommend to anyone passionate about animal biology.
I took Animal Behavior and loved it. Professor Bee is an excited, passionate professor and actively engages the class. He is a bit over-concerned with tardiness and attendance, but that is understandable. I loved the material, the book provides great information but it's not neccessary all of the time. Bee is one of the best professors I've had her
Dr.Warfa is a great professor, his lectures are easy to understand, and he explains material pretty well. Not everything is on the lecture slides, so attendance is recommended. Make sure to read the textbook and complete the study guides to pass the tests.
I like Dr. Packer a lot, but this class was useless. I hate the flipped model, and his lectures were super repetitive if you watched the videos (which I stopped doing like a week in). All projects are group projects, which sucks a lot. I'd recommend him if you're into bio + in an advanced class, but I hated this course. He was cool tho. 8/10
Great class
The GOAT! Dr. Packer is such a great professor with so much knowledge its unbelievable. While learning about lions in the Serengeti and watching a random Youtube video one night on Lions hunting, out of nowhere came Craig Packer giving a narrative and description! The guy is well respected in the real world and has even done work with Jane Goodell.
Easy to pass the class if you watch the lecture videos. speed up videos to 2xs speed and take notes. Labs are very easy
it's a "flipped" class and his lectures are sometimes boring, but the class itself is easy to pass. Only 3 exams and some lecture quizzes, no cumulative final.
This class is "flipped" with lecture videos online and then class time for group work and what would usually be homework. Craig's videos were easy to follow but could sometimes be boring, recommend not doing it at night when you're really tired! When he came up to speak during lecture he always had really interesting stories and connections to bio.
Professor Packer rarely teaches during class because of the "flipped classroom." His lectures are posted online, and class time is devoted to discussion, activities, and quizzes (99% of which is handled by Annika Moe). However, his online lectures are very easy to follow; he offers plenty of examples for each concept. Tests are extremely easy.
He's great! Very funny, very clear. The tests are very difficult, so make sure you pay attention. Don't bother with the textbook, you never use it. There are quizzes at the end of lectures most week to encourage attendance.
GREAT Teacher! Super funny. I highly recommend taking any class taught by him.
Packer is great at keeping the class interesting, but it is an hour and a half long, so people fall asleep. He won't tolerate talking during class, he called people out on it on multiple occasions even though the class had 200 students. To study for tests, just go through all the powerpoints. If you pay attention, you'll get an A.
This class is very reasonable as long as you attend the lectures and study off the powerpoints for tests. Tests are detail specific but its all in the lectures. Would recommed this class.
Packer is a weird, but funny. Not a very easy class. Lecture isn't mandatory but is highly recommended for random quizzes at the end of class. I would recommend him to others for his sexual references.
This class is VERY difficult, but Craig presented the material enthusiastically and clearly. His tests are difficult and very detail-oriented, but if you attend lecture regularly and have a mild understanding of basic biology going into the course, you'll be fine. I highly recommend Craig Packer!
This guy is the bomb. You can't ask for much more from a lecturer. He pulls no punches when stating his own views on the material, especially evolution. I'm not especially interested in Biology, but Packer made the material engaging and relevant. Quizzes aren't bad if you stay off Facebook during lecture.
Class was very interesting. He states on the first day that if you don't believe in evolution you should leave since it is the basis of his class. So if you DO believe in evolution this is a great class.
Funny guy. Interesting class. (Unless you're super religious, then this class will make you very uncomfortable). Don't really need to buy the book, just go to lecture and study for tests.
Easy class, pretty fun to go to. People that complain about the tests or the TAs are off in their complaints. I had studied under an hour per week, including lab prep, and did very well. He is a good teacher. Talks about his own research a bit, but at about the same level as other professors.
he keeps class interesting, has reasonable tests, and the class isn't very much work except for studying for the tests. i enjoyed this class and would recommend this professor.
Makes lectures interesting. Not too hard if you pay attention in lecture. Don't really need the textbook.
If you attend lecture and actually pay attention you'll do well. Never studied and got an A on all the tests. Lab is easy, but TA's can vary in quality. He's a cool guy and will insert jokes every once in a while in lecture. As long as you're not an over-sensitive freak and believe in evolution, you'll have no problem.
i really liked his class. he kept lectures interesting. wouldn't skip any lectures because of small quizzes at end. lab was semi-boring. overall, great prof
Interesting teacher, lectures were interesting. Will use jokes to keep you awake, some of the jokes can be quite crude. the class is easy. you have to believe in evolution.
Great Professor. Very Helpful. As long as you read what you need to for the lectures you will do fine... grading system is very easy.
You must attend lectures to do well in this class. They can be boring sometimes though. You learn a lot from this class, but it takes work to get an A. His midterms and finals are difficult but if you study his lecture slides, you should be alright
2 things - GO TO LECTURE, and don't bother with the book. Packer knows his stuff and presents it clearly, however, he likes to focus on little details, leaving you to determine the major concepts to be studied, which WILL be on the test. But again, don't bother with the book, and Packer is very competent and rarely boring.
Considering this is basic bio, I would say Packer does a good job of presenting the material in an interesting way. Study the lecture slides, don't bother with the book. At all. As far as always being gone, this semester he only missed 3 lectures. Tests are hard, but that's so the curve is huge.
All I can say is thank God for calculator games...The book is completely useless, just go to class, try to stay awake, and don't waste your time reading. He tends to spend way too much time on easy concepts while glancing over the hard stuff. Tests are easy and follow the notes closely.
All I can say is thank God for calculator games...The book is completely useless, just go to class, try to stay awake, and don't waste your time reading. He tends to spend way too much time on easy concepts while glancing over the hard stuff. Tests are easy and follow the notes closely.
Well, like the previous poster said, all you need to pass this class is a basic understanding of biology (examples: trees dont talk; humans require oxygen) and the will to show up to class. Packers lectures are interestingthe Tsavo lion bit is really goodand you can leave feeling biologically smart.
The lectures were VERY boring and the exams were really hard, but the professor tried to make class interesting and is very passionate about his work. He was also funny at times. I would recommend him as a teacher.
he is clear and teaches well
Knows what he's talking about. The humor allows the class to go by a little faster.
He's a good man. Down to earth & such.
I had Packer for Biol 1001 and for a CBS freshman seminar several years back. I thought he was great and a very interesting guy. The 1001 class was pretty boring but it's so broad that I don't think anyone could make it interesting!
very knowledegable and made it interesting
The class is difficult in itself if you don't do the readings. Packer's lectures are funny and entertaining at times but he is also gone alot as well.
This professor has wonderful lectors. He is really easy to understand and he understands students. He will keep your attention and you will understand the topic!
No Comments
Great class to take for the BIO with lab liberal education requirement. There was no final exam, just four proctored midterms throughout the semester. The midterms were easy and related directly to the lecture slides. The lab accounted for 33% of your final grade and was easy as well.
I only really interacted with my TA during the online format of BIOL1961, but I did find that Professor Pompei was super helpful for answering my questions when they arose. When I reached out to her, she responded quickly and offered great support to help facilitate my learning.
The class content and lectures were enjoyable, every week there was a he that usually took less than an hour to do. No final exams all multiple choice, mostly easy but there was some hard questions. Yet I recommend the class.
Dr. Schiff's Virology is not easy, but is rewarding. The exams expect that you stay up to date on pre-lecture, in class, and relevant textbook material, and thus is a large time commitment. The exams are also never returned, just so yk. I would highly recommend forming a study group for this class, as that was one of the main reasons I succeeded.
I don't know if she changed her style this year compared to the past but I really liked this class. Only two critiques: her grading of tests is hyper-specific and she doesn't return your tests to you which is absolutely ridiculous and counterproductive to learning. She is great as a mentor
She knows her stuff and expects a lot out her students. She will respect you if you respect her. Be prepared to learn a lot. The final feels overwhelming but I learned a great deal. She is very detail oriented on exams so memorize her slides AND what she adds it them in lecture.
Great lady. She knows her stuff, provides feedback on the assignments, CLEARLY expresses what she expects you to know on the exams. She is not self-important. That's a load of crap. She is very involved with her students even outside of class. However, she doesn't deal with BS. Honestly though, do you pay to learn or chat with friends and go on FB.
I've always loved Biology, and this course just enforced that for me. Dr. Wright is a phenomenal professor--you have to do your work and put in the time necessary, which is a lot, but the payback is high. She loves biology and it's very obvious listening to her in the course. The final project is fantastic--it's creative, fun, and very rewarding.
Robin is awesome! Even though she is a tough professor, she really teaches you to be detail oriented. She also makes sure you understand biology, rather than just being able to recite facts. Even though I took her class last year, her teaching style has stuck with me and continues to help me in my upper division courses.
Robin seems to get a bad rep from students. She does assign a lot of busywork, but she is a very humble, intelligent professor and she is passionate about what she does. If you take BIOL 2002 and are willing to do the work she asks, you can get the grade you want.
Robin is a fantastic instructor. She is extremely supportive of her students and dedicates a considerable amount of time to them in regards to classwork and extracurriculars. She is fair at grading as the classes she teaches and the school she is associated with only want the best people. Those that really aren't that into biology need not apply.
Robin is a dedicated, kind teacher. She provides lots of feedback (and yes, it can be harsh but also informative) to a large number of students. 2002 is incredibly time-consuming, but it's 6 credits. If you're hoping to get a grad degree, which many CBS students are, you might as well learn how to manage your time.
Robin can seem intimidating, but she is one of the most approachable professors at UMN. Most people don't give her a chance. She grades hard, but you learn a lot from it. Highly recommended.
Though I really did not like her while I was taking the class, I realized how helpful her teaching style was afterwards. The class is very time consuming but I learned so, so much. Robin is willing to go out of her way to help you if you're willing to work. Those that say she's a terrible prof probably did not put in the needed effort.
Time management is key. Almost all initial learning is done as homework. There are no "lectures," just group work in class. The work is time consuming and very frustrating. However, if you ask for help she will do ANYTHING to help you. She's a caring person, but her class is very, very aggravating.
I have heard a lot of stuff about her and had a biased opinion on her. However, I love her after taking her class. She knows what she is talking about. She tries her best to help her students succeed and she wants the best for the students. Take her if you are going to take Biol 2002.
This class is the most frustrating and most enjoyable class I have ever taken. Professor Wright holds students to a very high standard, but also provides many opportunities to meet that high standard. If learning is your top priority, you won't find anything better. If you're worried about your perfect GPA, be prepared to work very hard.
You know, I can't agree completely with everyone completely here. 2002 is a new class so it can't be perfect. Yes, it is a lot of work, but you learn a lot of useful life skills. Robin is very enthusiastic about the class and will listen to your questions and give you feedback if you actually go up and ask her.
Robin is a great prof. and really cares about her students!
While the class is definitely challenging, I really feel like I'm learning. I'm working on projects with real-life implications. Professor Wright's enthusiasm and passion for teaching her students is so evident. She clearly cares about her students and wants them to succeed, not just in class but well beyond college.
Professor Wright is an amazing instructor. She really cares about her students and is extremely helpful. The class is a challenge, but I also learned a ton of very useful life skills!
Those who have degraded Dr. Wright's character clearly just aren't into working for their grade and actually learning things for life. Yes, this class is extremely hard, and it is a different way of learning, but Dr. Wright is very passionate about what she does, and she is one of the most dedicated professors I know of.
Robin Wright is a far better educator in a class she cares about. She is passionate about her BIOL2002 class, and one can see that she's trying hard and is helpful. The greatest downfall to Robin's Teaching style is a near random degree of understanding: she will at times accept an appeal over a vocal quibble, and will at others deny a clear fact.
It's a ton of work, but worth it. I think. She's a good teacher, it's just an entirely different method of learning. Which is a tough transition. But good class and teacher.
From Biology 2002 perspective Professor Wright is awesome so far. As long as you're seriously engaged in the class and giving it your best effort she will do what she can to meet your needs and help you excel. She really does want students to do well.
James is very passionate about what he teaches and is always open to help and take questions. This class is hard and lots of R studio as well as GIS but he tries to make it as easy and understandable as possible. The small class size really helps because most people need help at some point. I suggest starting labs early and connect with classmates.
I'm baffled by all of the bad reviews because I believe he is a great professor! The only problem was that he is pretty bad with responding to emails. Otherwise, he offered great feedback on absolutely EVERY assignment, workload was not heavy until dealing with the final project, and he walked through hard assignments step by step with the class.
This course is much less technical than NSCI 3101. It is more focused on big-picture concepts and experimental methods than part one, which the majority of students don't like. Ghose's lectures will prepare you for research or grad school and you will learn how to discuss neuroscience instead of just learning how to regurgitate facts.
Ghose's lectures are reasonably paced and extremely interesting, but it's hard to pick out what you might be tested on. Don't let the idea of a short answer and essay test fool you; he grades pretty harshly and it's difficult to pick out what information he wants from you. Also the class is only out of about 200 points, so be careful.
Prof. Lehman is awesome and very passionate about ecology. My only gripe with him is that his lectures, while fun to listen to, are tangential and difficult to learn from. The textbook was useful in clarifying things, and the lab helps to reinforce lecture content. Exams were take home and open note, but the questions were vague and subjective.
Clarence is great, however I will admit his explanations of difficult concepts could use work for clarity and concision. He truly cares about his students and will definitely take the time out to answer your questions. During Covid, he was very accommodating and made efforts to not make this class too stressful.
Clarence is a great professor and is very knowledgeable about what he teaches. His lectures were very easy to listen to and follow along. Beware that some exam questions are details that he briefly said in lectures.
Dr. Lehman was such an endearing fellow. He always brought forth interesting information into discussion, and was eager to greet you if you saw him outside of class. He was very generous in his provisions of snacks. The book itself was also an interesting read, and I believe that it could be applicable to many majors. Don't waste your time skipping
Took his discussion-based freshman seminar, where we read "The Alchemy of Air" by Thomas Hager. He is a very interesting man and has lots of stories to share during class, as well as treats! It could be boring at times but his personality makes up for it. I can't speak for his other classes but I've heard he teaches a pretty cool Ecology class.
Professor was incredibly inspirational. He is very passionate about his work and teaching. Definitely makes you feel like trying to change the world when you're in class.
I had Clarence for a Freshman Seminar (only 1 or 2 credits, super easy) and he was a very interesting professor. Very easy-going, he often brought chocolates or candy for the students since it was a small class. Sometimes, he gets lost on a tangent, and doesn't seem to organize his lectures very well, but will always get you the information needed
Cerebral lectures in a survey style with a lot of philosophy and science history thrown in. Didn't really use the assigned text. Class felt disorganized since this was Dr. Lehman's first time teaching the course by himself. I didn't feel like I learned a lot about the science of Ecology but Lehman himself is a interesting and accessible instructor.
Lots of memorization straight from the slides so would def recommend studying earlier and using flashcards. Also I found that printing out the lecture notes and annotating along to lecture was very beneficial! The class was hard but I thought Kenneth was still a really great prof and provided resources for students.
Some background: I dropped out of OChem and still took this. Adolph is dry theirs no denying that, but exam questions come straight from the slides. I've scored >90% on both exams. My advice: make 2 note cards for each slide he has and go over them periodically and you'll be fine. He also curves and posts recorded lectures if you miss class.
Only graded on 3 exams, he makes his own curve with the test averages as a B. Incredibly boring lectures, but if you memorize everything on the slides and know info about them it's honestly not that bad. Only 3 exams seems risky but so many people cram for his exams and end up above average, not a bad prof for a generally difficult subject.
Professor Adolph may not have the most interesting lectures, but he explains everything well and you can tell he really loves biochem. Your whole grade is based on three multiple-choice exams, however, if you show up to class, take notes, and review well for the exams, you will be fine. He is also very willing to answer questions outside of class.
Kenneth is a boring lecturer, but explains things in a clear and understandable way. Do not bother buying a textbook, just study everything on his powerpoints and what he writes on the board. Though non-mandatory, lectures are helpful. His lecture notes he posts online are also helpful. An easy A if you give yourself plenty of time to study.
Reading from the book isnt required and all the exam materials are from the resources he gives. Although his lectures are very repetitive and boring, he gives a lot of materials for you to study from. Just attend lectures, take notes, and study what he gives out and youll be fine.
Professor Adolph is a very straight forward instructor! He explains all the concepts in great detail so it is in your best interest to go to lecture, considering the exams are largely based on the details not just the overall concepts. I would definitely recommend his course!
In addition to posting class slides online, Professor Adolph provides very helpful study guides and additional lecture notes on Moodle. Material on exams are taken directly from lectures and powerpoint slides. To get a good grade, you just need to attend the lectures and study (memorize) information from the powerpoints. Highly recommend!
Monotone. Most ppl did not come to lectures - did well. Material is VERY interesting. I loved it. But, 3 exams ask mostly very specific questions. MEMORIZE. You can learn slides and get at least B. With average time A- is not hard to get. No office hours. Not much help. But material is not that hard. All MC's. Final exam has 25% cumulative info.
Mostly monotonous and not too exciting, but you get the message and the information you need. Bring coffee and listen well and you'll do fine on the multiple choice exam.
Don't read the textbook. Material for exam is based entirely on slides, lecture notes, and study guide. Memorized every slide and small details he emphasizes. I got mid 90s on every exam. 2 40 question midterms, 70 question(20q cumulative) final. Didn't attend lecture. Fairly easy. Keys to success memorize everything.
I'm slightly surprised by the feedback I've read on Dr. Adolph. If you go to lecture and listen intently (get over his lack of enthusiasm), you'll find he explains things extremely well. He tests on very specific facts from lecture, so know the slides well and write anything he says twice down. You'll have to work for the A, but not too hard.
People need to stop being babies. This is a biochemistry course. It's hard. It's entirely test-based. But if you actually take the time to ask him questions after class or visit him during office hours, he is VERY clear and VERY helpful. He does care about you IF you show interest in doing better. He provides plenty of study material - study early!
This class is best taken after genetics. He isn't an engaging professor, but he is crystal clear. His slides do NOT offer the detail he looks for on exams. I recommend going to class, recording the lecture, and taking notes on what he SAYS. A bit of a snooze fest, but stay on top your stuff and you'll do fine.
His lectures were extremely organized and clear. Everything was available online including his own lecture notes. He wasn't exciting but he was very clear in his delivery of the information and with regard to what you need to know on an exam and what you don't. NEVER TOUCHED THE BOOK and got an A. But did know every detail from the materials online
Adolph is incredibly boring and will challenge your motivation to show up to class each day. However, his exams are straight forward. His slides, notes, and practice exams have 98% of what you need. I never read the textbook and still came out with an A in the course.
Professor Adolf's lectures are very clear and helpful. His exams are hard, he tests on the very minute details. the exams come completely from the lecture notes. he uses curves but it doesn't help much, but if show up for the lectures and learn the notes inside out you will do fine. I got an A without reading the text at all.
Very clear, consistent teaching style. Although very boring, if you grab a coffee and head to class (along with reading the book and using his supplemental materials) you'll learn all you need to know. He isn't a tricky tester and very straightforward. Put in the work and you'll get a good grade.
Took this summer term... Adolph is boring but clear as day. If you show up, take good notes and use his supplimental materials (notes, slides and study guides), you'll know 90% of the exam content. Read the text for the rest, esp. the boxed stories... He'll pull a few questions from there! Three 50-question, multiple-choice exams; no busy work.
His lecture slides, notes and study guides are very organized and very very helpful. Some people thought he was boring to listen to, he's not an entertainer, but you can tell that he loves what he does. Very helpful and cares about students. I would definitely take another of his classes.
Very easy teacher, 50 multiple choice exams, no mechanisms required.
Naomi is a wonderful prof, her counterpart in this GCD3033 class is not so much though. So if you can get through his lectures and teach yourself you will do wonderful in this course. There is a quiz every day at the end of lecture, but a perk is there is no final. I would definitely take a class with her again if I could get rid of her counterpart
At first, I thought the class was going to be very difficult. Throughout the semester, I found developing efficient study habits was they key to success. Furthermore, I found the book readings to be useless. For me, I found reviewing the lecture slides the night before lecture to be very effective, especially when she has a in-class quiz.
Rob is funny&nice. Grading is clearly outlined, but as a student I can feel lost in the largeness of the class. I don't expect him to give special attention to each person, but when we speak into the mics he barely looks our way. Not in a rude way, just in a "let's get stuff done" way. Very group-work oriented. Overall he made this class worth it.
Brooker is a nice guy and I enjoyed this class. The only complaints I have is that this was basically foundations all over again with the group project. Also, there were a lot of questions on the exams that seemed like they came out of nowhere and were not covered in any of the material we were given. Overall, he is one of the better professors.
Solid well-organized course. You read a chapter each week and complete a quiz and a group problem set, every other week you submit part of your group project. Rob gives a lot of feedback on the progress reports and can be picky, but you're only graded on the final, each update is just to keep you on track. Good if you like to work at your own pace.
Dr. Brooker is very intelligent and a pretty nice person also. However, it felt like this class turned into a reading comprehension course, as Brooker wrote the textbook. If you're looking for a relatively easy A in genetics, take the online version, but if you are truly interested in the subject, you might want to choose another option.
Rob is a solid choice. He knows his stuff (and will drop little "I wrote the textbook"s to remind you). He's pretty nice and helpful, but you need to work for it on the group project as he can be very nit-picky, and cell bio can be tricky. The quizzes are easy and the exams are manageable. He can be a bit judgmental but you'll do well in any case.
Dr. Brooker mentions he wrote the textbook every day, but he does know his stuff. His quizzes are easy, if you watch the lectures and participate in the weekly problem sets. His final was so easy he said he was embarrassed to hand it out.
Rob is one of my favorite professors. You can tell he is very passionate about educating students and wants everyone to succeed. His lectures and tests match up pretty well, which is always helpful for studying. He always tries to keep lectures interesting and jokes around occasionally.
Brooker's online lectures can be a little bland, but his dry humor & knowledge of the subject makes up for it. After all, he literally wrote the textbook used in the course. Students in his online genetics course work on assignments in groups, for which he gives good feedback. Also, he makes himself very accessible outside of class, which is great!
Rob was very easy going and humorous but also very intelligent and holds students to high standards. The class is tough but Rob makes it enjoyable!
Def one of the kinder and more easy going instructors I've had. His teaching is straight forward and helpful
Overall, the course was tougher than expected, given the reviews saying how easy it was. Only 3 exams (no cumulative final!), 1 GIANT group project (for an online class, yep), and weekly HW/quizzes make up your grade. Tests are tough in that its 40 points/free response and 5 points each multiple choice, so little room for error.
I took the class online, and the lectures were video recordings of him lecturing. This class was just tests, weekly quizzes, and then weekly problems and a long term project with a group. Since it was online, it was hard to get group members to do their work in a timely manner. The book isn't necessary, but nice to have for the problems in the back
Good professor. Took this as an online class (Biol 1009), so I didn't see too much of him beyond the lecture videos. However, if you take that online class, the lecture videos are unnecessary. Just read the book and you'll do fine. I'd suggest taking the tests in person rather than remote proctoring as remote proctoring can be kind of shady.
Rob is a great professor. He's very laidback and understanding, he's also very clear about what you need to learn and study. I really enjoyed his portion of the class (Cell Biology) and definitely recommend you take BIOL 2003 with him if you can. Also, you will learn to appreciate his jokes.
Solid professor, solid class. Took the online version. Clear structure, substantive without being overwhelming, no bs. The group assignments are no big deal; don't fret. Rob is really reasonable and easy to work with. Class is not easy, but isn't too challenging if you keep up and go through the lecture slides and listen to his lectures dilligently
Great teacher, easy A. I'm currently taking this class and on one of my labs I forgot an entire 2 questions and still got 10/10. Labs are at home which sucks, but put in effort and he will give you full credit. Also online group meetings and online group homework every week.
He's very knowledgeable and is a great lecturer. Definitely study the lecture and study slides, thats where all of his test material comes from.
If you have taken Found. of Bio in CBS, you will master of genetics with Brooker. The class is set up in the same with group projects and exams. The only difference is that he does NOT lecture in class but posts online video lectures you watch prior to class. There is also a quiz EVERY DAY of lecture, so come prepared. Overall, Brooker was great.
Dr. Brooker is the first science teacher I've had at UMN who has told students he values them. His online lectures require attention, but allow students to work at their own pace. Grading expectations are clear- he goes over test material in weekly problem sets. Dr. Brooker is an amazing professor- you will learn a lot and feel inspired.
Great professor. He wrote the book, and therefore, the tests are based off of it almost verbatim. Makes lectures fun, tells jokes before exams, and even plays music. Fair grader and obviously cares about his students. Definitely would take another class from him.
Great. Plays music. Not that easy but is clear about his expectations. He thinks highly of his students. Super chill.
Brooker is an awesome professor. I had him for BIOL2003 and again for Genetics (BIOL4003). He is very intelligent, and really engages you with the material. Reading the textbook is good since he wrote both textbooks! He's a fun guy, and even plays music before class! I definitely learned a ton!
One of the best professors I have ever had. great sense of humor. Using his study guides will guarantee you an A. I highly recommend him
Brooker covered for a few lectures while the main guy was out of town. As per usual, Brooker made the lectures absurdly informative and entertaining. It is always a pleasure having him teach.
Dr. Brooker is a wonderful teacher who knows what he is talking about. The class is not easy but if you really focus on the study guides it should help!
Very knowledgeable, easy to talk to, tests are hard but fair-be sure to take notes and read the text before each class.
No Comments
Brooker is a hot red-haired David Duchovny who is ready to peak your interest in the world of genetics.
No Comments
No Comments
While the Foundations classes are known to be hard, Kennedy did a good job teaching us and helping us understand the material that we were learning. He was a fun professor and during the 7 weeks of Ecology he taught us I had an A in the class. (things took a turn once we hit cell bio) If you have a choice for a foundations prof pick Kennedy!
We were expected to watch an entire online lecture on our own time which I thought took a lot of time and was asking a lot. Personally, I didn't like this class because I'm not interested in the topic. If you are, it will be better for you. The lab was boring and unenjoyable. With a good TA, it can boost your grade though. Overall, mediocre class.
Kennedy is a great, clear lecturer, slides have good flow. 3 exams are most of your grade, but heavily curved. The book has more detail than you need, just pay attention to lecture and take good notes. Go to lecture for practice problems and group work.
Kennedy gave great lectures that were short and sweet. They contained everything that was expected to be known for the quizzes and exams. He gave feedback that was sometimes confusing for the long term project in terms of what was expected in the long run, but was really easy professor to talk to about those things.
Professor Kennedy was a good professor for this course, especially with it being his second time teaching it. His tests covered material that was covered in his lectures, and there were few to no surprises. He was very helpful
lectures were interesting. things i wish i knew prior to the class: whatever is on the lecture notes is fair game and word for word pasted on the exam, so literally just memorize all the slides and youll do good. Hes oddly rude about missing lectures/lab if you are sick and thinks its an inconveinence to him more than you? low-key passive agressive
I highly recommend taking microbiology twice. Once to fail and another time to finally understand and memorize the materials. Dr. Mohr was way funnier the second time around. You would also appreciate him more as a professor as you notice how much material he adjusted from one semester to the next, reflecting on feedbacks and time constraints.
Dr. Mohr is extremely enthusiastic about Microbiology. His lectures are pretty engaging but have A LOT of information packed into them. You need to goto class since he exclusively provides information in lecture that he doesn't have on his online slides. His exams test ONLY your memorization of the content. KNOW EVERYTHING he has in his slides!!!
Dr. Mohr's lectures are pretty interesting and funny. The lecture slides on canvas are fill in the blank, so make sure to go to every class so that you get all the information. Tests are basically just memorizing all the info on the slides, but it's doable if you start studying early!
Extremely passionate and a great lecturer. Can be a bit intimidating but generally charismatic. Follows the guideline "A C grade is an average amount of work done by the average student" -you'll really have to work for an A/B. However, lectures are well-organized and tests pull directly from them. Study by giving his lectures out loud to yourself!
Mohr is a great guy and a very good professor. Exams are fair based on material presented in lecture. If he cites a textbook page in lecture, you can bet there will be a direct question on the exam based on it. Lab can be a bit tedious- but will often get out well before the posted end time. Do not skip class.
Let's be clear - Microbiology is a tough subject - If you come into this class with the mindset of needing to pass, or needing an extra class to graduate you won't do well. - If you come in understanding that microbiology is complicated, and motivated to learn, you'll do fine. COME TO LECTURE. ASK QUESTIONS. Lab is tough, just put the hours in
Dr. Mohr was an excellent teacher who was very clear in his expectations, but be sure that you have an interest in microbiology before taking. The material in the class is very engaging, and a lot of times the exams will test you on very minute details. Lab can also be a lot of work: two 9-page lab reports, five lab quizzes, and notebook.
Mohr is a great professor but a tough grader. You can tell he really likes what he teaches. I wouldn't recommend this class unless you already have an interest in microbio, because it's a lot of work with not a lot of payoff if it's not your thing.
Dr. Mohr's class was challenging and heavy on memorization for tests, but he is enthusiastic about teaching and his class was very interesting! I didn't care for the textbook, but some liked it.
Lab is super fun. This class is your typical college course, intense and test heavy. I enjoyed it but if you don't memorize every slide from lectures, you won't do well on the exams. It's engaging material if you have an interest in microbiology. You'll spend a lot of time on this class and for lab, be prepared. Study heavily for the tests
Professor Mohr was a very charismatic professor who really enjoyed his lectures and had fun giving them. While his tests and lab course were very challenging, it was a very interesting class that was worth the effort, in my opinion.
He's really nice, and you can tell he enjoys teaching. The class requires a lot of work, but the material isn't difficult to understand. What makes the class difficult is the amount of information you have to know. Memorize the slides and you'll be fine
I thoroughly enjoyed having Dr. Mohr as a professor for Microbio. Though his tests are as difficult as everyone says, ie memorize everything on his slides, he is more than fair at grading. Making notecards is a great way to study for his tests. Lab was fun! Lab quizzes require intense studying, don't write them off as a "quiz". Overall good class.
Dr. Mohr is a great professor! He is very knowledgeable and definitely has a passion for teaching. He will make you work your hardest for that grade, but he knows who works for it and who slacks. If you show that you're genuinely interested and work hard, you'll be in good shape. Be warned though, you absolutely will not pass if you skip.
Dr. Mohr is an excellent teacher! He's clear in lecture and on what he expects you to know. Class requires memorization and understanding concepts. Exam format: multiple choices, fill in the blank, drawings and essays. No credit if you can't spell! Pre-requisites not absolutely necessary but helpful. Requires lots of hard work to get an A.
The hardest, challenging, but most interesting class that I have ever taken. Dr. Mohr is crystal clear and engaging. Exams are tough, spelling counts, and no curve. Lab complements lectures. Between the two, there is no break in this class - quiz, exam, or lab report every week. If you put in time, you will learn a lot and an A is doable.
He was a great professor. Everything he tests on are from the slides and lectures, so attendance is crucial. It's pretty easy after the first two tests to figure out what he's looking for, so analyze his corrections carefully. Lots of details, but most of the material is really interesting. Very helpful if you need it, but DON'T ask about grades!!!
Everything he tests on he covered in lecture; the hard part is just studying & memorizing all the material. Mohr is very intelligent & passionate about micb. If you want an easy A you will be disappointed. If you truly want to learn a lot, be challenged, & become knowledgeable about microbes and their real world application I highly recommend Mohr.
Simply stated, he expects you to know everything covered in lecture. Take VERY detailed notes on his slides and memorize your notes. The textbook is not really needed, although I found it helpful in clarifying some of the lectures. I learned a tremendous amount in his class, and I would highly recommend Dr. Mohr.
Dr. Mohr is a fantastic professor! He is passionate about microbiology and likes to go on tangents. His jokes are corny but funny. He goes into thorough detail that students need to keep up with to do well on the tests. Notecards help, but you need to dig deeper for his tests. Lab is super fun too and a good grade booster! FAVORITE class but hard!
Lab is fun and will boost your grade quite a bit. The lecture exams are really difficult. You really do need to pretty much memorize every word he says. That said, you can do well if you study hard. Mohr himself is a nice guy if you make an effort to talk to him, but he can be a little intimidating and seem unapproachable at first.
Figure out a good way to memorize and regurgitate the lecture slides on the test and you will get a good grade. No need to read the book other than a few diagrams. If you have taken foundations the lab is a walk through.
Mohr knows what he is talking about and is very prepared for lectures. His test are very hard, and stress memorization of topics covered in class. The text book is only needed to look at diagrams discussed in lecture. Mohr comes off very rude when answering questions and is a little odd, but you can learn a lot from the course.
He is very very specific on what questions he asks on the tests. There is no need to buy the textbook because everything comes from his lec notes. But look at tables in the book if he mentions it. He makes dumb jokes and is rude at times. Also, he doesn't curve the class. If you can remember everything from his lecture notes, you'll get an A!
I like him a lot! He is well prepared and definitely knows what he is talking about. I find him very easy to understand and clear about the topic we are discussing. He grades his exams pretty hard, because he is picky. But overall, I think it helps me in the long run. I find this class very easy and helpful in my career. don't take him if ur whiny
Easily my favorite class I've taken. He's extremely enthusiastic and willing to help. The tests are hard but all information is given on his slides so if you study, you will do well. Lab is fun, too.
A great teacher. Willing to look more into any topic that he doesn't know about. Very friendly and willing to answer questions.
His tests are hard, but I have learned a lot in this class. You have to go to class and take notes. Test 2 is hard, but 1 and 3 have been reasonable. Lab is not hard. The lecture is 60% and lab is 40% of your grade. If you attend lecture and study you should be able to get atleast a B. If you need help ask and he is very willing.
He's excited about everything he has to teach you, and his lectures are open to questions. He does well to facilitate active participation lectures, his slides are avialble on-line but some of the information is removed so you come to class. He also walks through the lab sections and helps out. Tests are based on slides, yet challenging.
Pretty hard class, but his tests were right out of the notes and he was very willing to help when I talked to him out of class.
He really enjoys teaching; always a plus. Uses lots of examples, sometimes you randomly have to name bacteria on exams. Otherwise exams are very fair. He's helpful, knows his stuff.
A great professor who knows his stuff and is willing to talk with any student about course material or career advice. I would take a class with him again.
Dr. Langlois is a super sweet guy and is very accommodating outside of class and about having to miss things. However, like someone else said, he does end lectures early after speaking at 600wpm. Have the lecture slides up and just take notes on what he verbally says instead of trying to take notes on the content on the slides as well.
Dr. Langlois clearly cares about immunology and enjoys lecturing. He does not require a textbook and the tests are 100% based on the lectures. So if you pay attention and study the slides you will do well. He wants students to succeed and is willing to answer related questions, which made the course engaging! 10/10 would recommend!
The textbook is useless and the majority of important information is right on the posted slides. Lectures are read off the slides. Ryan is very approachable, responds to emails within a few hours. It is obvious what is going to be on the exams. All exams/quizzes are multiple choice and mostly straightforward.
The class was consistent with assignments and there was good guidance for the final project all semester. You have examples to look at which are very helpful. Receiving grades back was pretty slow.
Melissa is definitely the most caring professor I've had. She teaches her classes well, my only complaint is the speed at which she teaches. It's hard to take all of the notes AND hear her explanations. There is a decent amount of homework for this course. WATCH THE REVIEW VIDS FOR THE EXAMS! She lets you retake one exam in a group at the end.
Melissa Palmer is a great professor. She really cares about the material and her students. The one thing I will say is her tests, on proctorio... are difficult and you kind of have to know everything.. like everything.
Melissa is very kind and obviously cares about her student. I really only have two minor complaints. First, we had to pay for TopHat, but only used it three or so times. Second, she sometimes doesn't mention assignments until a few days before they're due, and just posts them on Canvas. Other than those minor things, a great professor :)
Prof. Palmer is great! She's really caring and will do her best to make things work for her students. I personally don't like her lecture style because I need to see descriptions of what happens written out, and she relies more on describing what happens vocally while looking at an image. Tests are pretty tricky but she is a solid professor!
She is such an awesome professor! The class was fairly easy, as long as you go to class and take notes. She usually tells you what you will need to know for the exams. Doing the practice exams is probably the best way to study for exams, as they are very similar to the actual exam. Always willing to answer your questions, replies quickly to emails
I really enjoyed this class! There was a lot of material to go through in lecture, but Melissa was really good at making it understandable and not too daunting. Tests weren't too bad and were very similar to her practice exams. If you go to class and study for exams, the class won't be a problem.
Tough to rate Dr. Palmer. Her tests are very similar to practice tests, but the material that will actually be on there is hidden in powerpoints that have no words. TopHat questions are used, so attendance counts. Easy worksheets, but google usage is essentially required. Book is unnecessary. Shouldn't be TOO hard of a course.
Super easy and she is super hot. Interesting use of case studies. Lectures were basic overviews of topics. Read through the book and review slides the day before = A's on all tests. She is upbeat and really doesn't expect anyone to know anything about biology, lots of review.
I took the class over the summer , that may have been her only time teaching this class, but I enjoyed it and she was quite clear on topics and what she expected.
very easy A if you attend lecture and listen. she's AWESOME!!!!! best professor I've had at the U!!
BEST prof at the U! easy A if you go to lecture, and she does give 20 points extra credit.
This was her first time teaching an intro biology class, and it was pretty obvious. Even so, she was very clear while explaining things, and if you went to lecture and read the assigned chapters, it wasn't hard to walk away from the class with an A
She is really nice and always willing to answer questions, but she is sometimes hard to reach by email. She really loves her job! Just go to class and ask questions and do the hw.
Melissa is a wonderful teacher. Human Biology was interesting, and the lecture and labs were designed well. Go class and study the lecture outlines she posts online. Tests are difficult, but manageable. Debate and debate journals were a great part of the course. There are many components to your grade, and she offers extra credit.
Dr. Palmer was an awesome professor! The tests were fairly difficult but can be made easy if you study the outlines she puts online. She's very nice and truly enjoys teaching. Labs are interesting, you get to do quite a few dissections. Quite a bit of busy work but all of it is easy but time consuming. I'd definitely recommend this class to people
Dr. P rocks! she is so nice and very helpful if you ask her questions. She is very understanding if something goes wrong with a project (as ours did). I sit at a table right next to her everyday and I love chatting with her. good class especially for people who don't love biology
Melissa was so awesome!! Even if you get behind or do poorly on an exam, she's willing to meet with you whenever is convenient for you to go through what you missed and help you get some extra points back. She really relates to her students if you take the time to just talk to her. She's a lot of fun to listen to and clearly loves the topics!
A very good teacher who actually knows and cares about what she teaches, but very disorganized, and doesn't return emails. She's very helpful if you talk to her in person. The class was a useful group discussion style, and I never once used the textbook. She is indeed hot; I mistook her for a student on the first day.
She's extremely bright, and a good teacher as well. Lectures can be a little confusing if you don't understand all her technical vocab, but it is very do-able. The exams are okay if you just study the lecture outlines.
Melissa is a great professor. She keeps the material current and fresh by interweaving videos and debate topics, which proved to be a very useful tool when retaining information. She is out to make her students succeed, and is willing to help whenever possible. Overall, she is a teacher I recommend for any CLA major.
Interesting class and you can tell she is ALL about zoology. Gives out tons of bonus points.
Dr. Palmer rocks. Take Zoology with her. The class and lab ARE a lot of work/memorization, but the material is interesting and Dr. Palmer is very helpful.
Great Professor! Powerpoint lectures, but she essentially provides you with all of the information you need to know. It is an easy class as long as you put in the effort to learn the material, and though they are powerpoints she covers a lot! Anyone interested in how the body works would have a great time in the class, and she is very helpful.
Agreed with everyone who said she was hot! cause she is. also , she taught really well. her power points are filled with info especially if you keep up with them
Dr. Palmer is fantastic! She goes quickly through the course material, so if you are not engaged, you will miss information. Her tests are difficult, but there is usually a nice curve, so it evens out. Also, don't buy the book unless she tells you to. All study information can be found in her power points which she posts online! Take her class!
I really enjoyed genetics with Dr Simon. There are quizzes every day, so make sure you don't fall behind with the lecture/reading schedule. The LTP was a little annoying, but as long as you follow Dr Simon's comments you'll get a good grade. He's also a pretty funny guy and tells cheesy riddles during class.
His feedback for the semester-long project was at times confusing, but helpful. His lectures were basically reading off of slides that we had already seen since we had to do the notes before coming to class to pass the quizzes at the start of class anyway. Simon is really nice though and easy to talk to. The class was basically Foundations 3 though
Not a bad professor. Just wish there was more communication between him and the students. The tests were fair, but I felt like since everyone was doing well and they needed a distribution, they graded extremely harsh on the final project and final. Interesting stuff to learn. Fine class.
Prof. Simon's clarity in teaching is stellar. However, he is old school. Difficult at times. But at the end of the day his class is awesome.
She's a funny and caring professor. Her exams are a bit more on the harder side since it's a lot of application but they're manageable. Do the study guides they SAVED me. Study a week before the exams and not the day before like me and you wont have to panic tryna cram everything. I only read the textbook when I couldn't understand something.
out of all the lecturers, she is the second to most hardest (barnett being #1), however it's clear that she cares about your learning. she repeats herself a lot so you can fully grasp the content but it does feel excessive at times. her lab ta, hannah thompson, is the BEST! weekly quizzes, discussions, and labs, the lowest 3 for each get dropped.
She's very passionate about physiology and explains things in a way that make sense. Lectures were very easy to follow and understand. The exams are weighted very heavily, so try not to bomb and exams. Lots of material is covered, but be sure to understand the learning objectives, as those are what the exams are based on. Draw diagrams out to help.
Olsen teaches the second half of the semester and I personally found her lectures to be easier for me to understand. This class is hard however so make sure you manage your time well to study for exams as they are worth 80% of your grades. There is an extra credit opportunity. Skip the textbook, and make sure to watch the pre-lecture videos.
This class is a ton of work - pre-lecture videos, weekly quizzes and lab quizzes and 4 exams (not including final). It's fast-paced and material is challenging, but Dr. Olson is super clear about the content and what she expects students to know, so I felt like I was prepared well and was set up to succeed. Best prof in this course.
Heavy lecture and materials
This class requires so much time and work. Labs were a waste of time, not necessary in my opinion. Lots of course material so get ready to study a lot.. Olson is the best of professors. Use her study guide packet, it really helps with the exam.
PHSL 3051 is a HARD class. To take it means to commit to a lot more hours a week than a 4 credit class should have. that being said all the professors in the class want you to learn the material so if you need to know this material it is so worth it. Just be willing to work!! for it.
best professor, take her you won't regret it. But she talks really fast and so that makes it a little bit hard to catch up with her.
Dr. Olson is very nice and understanding, but also competent in her field. If you have questions, she will answer them the best she can. Other than that, her study guides give a clear indication of what will be on the tests, so study from that and you should be good
Dalay is really enthusiastic about her topic, and tries to make it interesting and accessible. She really wants everyone to do well, and goes above and beyond to make sure that happens.
Great prof
Great professor!!
Her pre-recorded lecture videos were useful. She knows how to teach the course content. Makes it easy to learn. The quizzes and exams were mostly based on the study questions which you should practice over and over again until you can answer all of them correctly.
I don't know what these other people are talking about, Gibson was an amazing professor! I took Bio 1009 with another prof & had to drop the class because it was so hard. With Gibson, she was so organized, it made class really easy to follow. She posts her lectures beforehand, so it's easy to follow along! She really hard tries to help students!
This was not an easy class, but I worked hard and got an A. I think Sue was a great teacher. She had all her power points o modle, and after every lecture, moodle quizzes that were up to you to take or not. Those quizzes really helped me!! they let me triky details I had missed in the book. She had many practice test, and the questions were on test
Definitely a class that you need to study every day for and will take up a lot of your time. He is a great professor, approachable and super funny in lecture. He has his own course packet which is where he pulls everything from for exams. Tough exams and a lot of memorization but with lots of time, you can be successful
Professor Siliciano teaches the class in a very particular way, spending a lot of time on specific cases. While this doesn't make the class particularly difficult, because he is very good at teaching the content, we did not go over some major concepts that are relevant to the MCAT and the DAT.
DO NOT BUY the textbook for this class. All test information is taken directly from the course packet. Exams are detailed but no trick questions. Dr. Siliciano also does a review session before each test to answer clarifying questions.
Prof Siliciano is a super nice, funny guy. It actually seems like he cares about his students & he loves his subject. His course packet is where it's at and he'll tell you what you do and don't need to know for the exams. Get ready to draw, and the multi choice are usually pretty specific and hard. He does review sessions that are helpful. Good guy
This was a pretty tough class, but I really enjoyed it overall. He made the concepts really clear, and was also clear about what was expected on exams. I had to study a lot to do well, but that's because there is a lot of complicated material. Would take a class from him again and I feel like I learned a lot!
If you're planning on taking biochemistry take Dr. Siliciano's class if you're able to. He is so clear and makes a super difficult subject easy to grasp. He also tries to keep lectures funny and interesting which always makes going to class easier. Even though class attendance is non mandatory, I really suggest going to as many as you can.
Very enthusiastic, it was obvious that he cared about teaching and, more importantly, that his students were learning. He always tried to be engaging and entertaining, which I appreciated. He always knew what topics he wanted to get through (often a lot) and he gave demonstrations or anecdotes to aid learning. A bit unorganized but overall good guy
Great prof to take BioChem from! Lectures are entertaining and clear-cut. Other sections aren't as easyinteresting. The tests come straight off of his slides.
He really tries to make the lectures fun and interesting. Tests are pretty fair, taken from the course manual. Fun class.
I took him along with three other lecturers for BIOC 4331 and he was amazing. GO TO OFFICE HOURS! He is very helpful during office hours and it is clear that he loves the subject. He is also very easy to talk to and cares about his students. One of my favorite professors here at the U.
Professor Siliciano is amazing. He is very interested in learning with his students as well as teaching them as much as he can. Attendance at this class is mandatory considering it is only one day a week. Easy points come from participation, a presentation, and simple response papers. Professor S is very helpful and extremely friendly.
Siliciano definitely made chemistry (a subject I previously hated) seem interesting in a biological context. It was one of those classes where I got to the final and was like, "Woah, I learned so much!" He's funny and likes for the class to participate. He thinks biochem is "cool."
One of the best professors I've had this year. Really good teacher, very friendly, very interesting. No textbook for this class and the tests came straight from his powerpoints. Definitely planning on taking another class from him!
Great professor - very friendly and helpful!
Paul really knows how to make biochemistry interesting! Although he doesn't have office hours, you can tell he really wants his students to do well. Although I plan on majoring in Biochemistry, I'll probably end up taking his other non-major biochem class just because he was that good! I definitely recommend him.
Best chemistry lectures I've ever attended; most difficult tests I've ever taken in 3 years of college. Very helpful outside of class. Lots of good resources given on class website. Best advice: know everything and be able to interpolate, not just remember.
I'm currently one third done with the Human Health and Diseases course. He does a great job explaining why the biochem is relevant to the diseases. The tests are challenging, but definitely approachable! It's a very interesting course!
Great guy - really nice and cares about students. Lots of people do poorly in this class, but it must be due to lack of studying because the class is not that hard.
He was very personable, and worked really hard to ensure that we understood the material. You definitly have to work, but the baseline information you take from this class will help you with every biology class thereafter, so it is as important as they say it is to master early. Very tough tests, study really hard and memorize those pathways.
Very knowledgeable professor. He requires you to know a large amount of information, but most of it is easily memorized. He co-taught this course with another professor, focusing on biochemistry and DNA. He has a good sense of humor and puts forth his best effort to improve student performance. His lecture notes make the book worthless.
prof. silicano was a good teacher to have for this class...the packet he hands out in the beginning is very helpful and it's all you really need..the textbook was worthless, did not use it for the last 2-3 tests...not an easy class but silicano tries to make it manageble...would have had an easy A if i did not slack off for first test...take Silic
Very helpful and easy to approach with questions. Take his class!
Jay is a great instructor and knows his stuff. This course was tough as a non-science major. If you show up, you will get it. Study EVERY SINGLE THING HE SENDS OUT because you will be tested on it. It is VERY heavy for a 1000-level course... The content is more of a 3000-4000 level.
Not as easy as I thought it was going to be, but definitely manageable. He grades some of the reports a little bit harder than I think he should for this course specifically (a science class for non STEM majors to fulfill a bio lib ed req) but in my experience if you talk to him about what you're confused about he is fair and respectful
This class was 8 hours a week for only A term. You went on field trips every time. Jay is a quirky old man. He was fun when you got to know him, but it was hard to listen to him for 4 hours while in nature. He grades hard on the group projects and you have a quiz every class which you need to know your species. He is willing to help if you ask
Jay is a nice guy and reasonable teacher, bad reviews on here are likely from students who wanted an easy A science class and realized they had to work. The field quizzes are easy, spend 1 hour studying and you'll be fine, reports are more complicated but ask when things are unclear and you'll do fine, he grades these a little harsh for the level.
He was a great guy who wanted to help every student if they were struggling. You have to prepare for the following days powerpoint lecture so you could stay on top of things, but he was sure to tell you exactly what you had to do and when. Every class you have to submit your participation, and they were easy midterms
Jay is a very dedicated professor. He tries to interact with students during lectures and wants us to learn rather than just copying down what he says. Overall great person and very funny!
Great class, great proffessor. Tests have strait forward, questions. As long as you read the book, you'll do fine.
In my class, he got off topic a bit, but he's like 70 and cracks the cutesy old man jokes. He's really nice, and is very helpful if you ask. I liked him a lot!
Jay is interesting, funny, and helpful. Go to class, he will tell you everything you need to know. Take advantage of "RoadMaps" on the moodle, extremely helpful. Tests are somewhat difficult but fair. Only complaint is the class time is devoted to a lot of group work and sometimes felt tedious.
Great Teacher!
I found Jay to be a great teacher. I was not interested in biology but I thought his class was very fun. There is a lot of homework in this class but it is a very easy A. The lab was very fun--we were able to go canoeing when the weather was nice. I strongly suggest taking this class--Jay Hatch is awesome!
Very respected guy that knows everything but doesn't know how to teach it back. His test were hard with typos and stupid wording that gets you the wrong answer even if u know the answer. Almost every other quiz a question was wrong. His test is based on homework but sadly the average is 75-80 on them so you get lower than that on the test also.
I found Tiffins to be an approachable professor who is good at answering questions. His feedback is intended to improve your performance. In BIOL2002 you are expect to teach yourself. Lecture is there to hit the highlights and fix any misunderstandings, not the teach you the material. Some people might not like that, but hey its college.
Good teacher but lectures can be dull. Was good about e-mail communication and responding to student questions.
I found this course to be very challenging, but Ann made the content interesting & manageable. She tells you exactly what you need to do to pass. I found it incredibly helpful to keep up with hand-written notes from the textbook. I appreciated how Ann was able to be flexible with students and assignments. She is there to help students succeed!
Professor Rougvie is extremely knowledgeable and fair, just be aware that tests are often very specific. Familiarize yourself with experimental procedures and vocabulary and you should do well.
Ann is a wonderful professor who is genuinely passionate about biology and genetics! She also cares a lot about her students, and I found her office hours useful. There is rarely any homework. Sometimes she goes too in depth about topics that are never going to be covered on exams, but they may be useful if you are studying anything related to bio.
This is a difficult course because Professor Rougvie requires us not only just memorize developmental conceptions but also apply them. She explained class material very clearly and was very willing to help you with any unclear conceptions. It is better to form a study group to prevent any misconceptions.
No Comments
Really enjoyed her developmental biology class. The class was taught different than most science classes, using experimental knowledge to explore how things were discovered. It made me extremely interested in developmental biology and am pursuing a directed research project with Ann next semester.
He's a great professor. I really enjoyed his teaching style. I thought the exam for his section was fair. In cell biology you just can't get over the fact that you'll be bombarded with so much material. Plan ahead and be intentional about how you spend your time. Memorization is definitely key! Highlight: he came to class on 10/31 dressed as batman
Directed Research with Dr. Katagiri was great. He explains concepts well, and is there to help students succeed.
Note: I was in a remote section Her lectures/slides are crucial for studying for the exam, they're laid out very well and relatively easy to follow along. But it's still an incredible amount of information and biochem is still hard af, but you can tell she puts a lot of effort into them as her lectures feel very polished and timed.
I love Dr. Schottel!. She is understanding of the workload she gives and allowed us to have a notecard for the second exam. She is super helpful when it comes to asking questions and doesn't make you feel stupid for not knowing basic things. Her lectures ARE a little fast and content heavy though, but her lecture slides are AMAZING to review.
This is a very difficult class, but Prof Schottel is helpful and good at answering questions. Her lectures are dry and very detailed, and for exams you're expected to know pretty much everything in them, so start studying early!
Janet is very nice and genuinely excited about the material she teaches. I felt that she did a good job of engaging during lecture (prior to COVID) with in-class discussion questions. Tests are difficult and very specific - even sometimes with notes it was hard to find the answers. Assignments and quizzes are basically free points so do them.
Schottel is an excellent lecturer, which wasn't even hindered by switching to online. She is very kind and helpful to talk to. Her tests are not so kind though, but that's the nature of the subject matter and not her fault.
She is a wonderful professor that is passionate and excited about biochemistry. The class itself is challenging (x10 due to COVID), but Janet provides clear expectations of what you need to know. The problem sets we do have are helpful in accessing your understanding of the material. Her lectures are fast, but she stays after to answer questions.
Yes Biochem is a tough class and yes Schottel sprints through her lectures. But she is very easy to talk to if you have any questions, and genuinely wants her students to be successful in her class. Her tests were very fair, which I definitely don't say about many CBS professors' exams. She is super nice and also let us use notecards on our exams.
Sorry, but one of the worst biochem professors I've had a class with. She goes through her slides too fast, and memorize EVERYTHING on her slides. She will test you on the smallest things, DO NOT glance over something as say "oh, she won't test us on that", because that's how you get a 50% on her test, no exaggeration. Midterm avgs are about 65%.
Janet Schottel is an excellent teacher with dynamic lectures and effective use of clicker questions. Her exams are difficult and alot of material is covered. Excellent value for your tuition dollars!
This was a very difficult class, but overall Janet was a good prof. Nearly all of the exam material is in her lecture notes, which she posts on Webvista, and she is more than happy to answer questions and help students find other studying tools.
Prof. Schottel does a better job than most professors of trying to keep you engaged during class even when the subject matter is dull. If you study the notes, clarify concepts with the textbook, and GO TO CLASS, you will do just fine.
Schottel had very helpful review sessions before every exam. Also, I recommend printing out slides for her lectures or you will be completely lost.
Okay, so maybe her lectures aren't the most interesting, but she is EXTREMELY organized. It is so nice knowing exactly where you stand (she posts your estimated grade) and you get your tests back like 2 hours after you take them. Hard class, but she does a good job. She's very knowledgable.
I thinks Prof. Schottel is a great teacher. You don't need to open your book, her slides are great tools to study from. I think she really cares about her students. The class is not easy, but she is there to help you as much as she can.
She puts a lot of work into making sure we're learning as much as possible.
