He is just awful. His lecture is randomly oriented, he is alway off the topic, have no idea what he was talking about half of the time. Learn nothing from his class, and his book does not make a lot of sense.
Really bad Professor. Taking his course is just wasting of time. He is very mean, always off-topic and you can learn nothing is his course.
Cryptic--I don't know what he's talking about half the time. Creepy--he stares at the girls. Crufty--says it all. Cranky--he's mean, mean, mean if he doesn't like you. Hold your breath and try to make it to the end of the semester.
You might as well save your money, buy the book, and teach yourself how to program in the languages used (scheme and python) because that's all you'll do if you take this class. Every lecture consists of Carlis making stupid jokes and telling us to "talk to each other" while he expects us to decipher code in less than 10 seconds. Worst class ever.
Really not a good professor to take CSCI 1901 from. He makes everything way harder than it needs to be. Avoid at any cost. He doesn't explain anything, and if you don't get something, you're pretty much out of luck. He just shows it to you, and expects you to suddenly get it.
Miserable professor, that's all there can be said.
i hate this professor. he is just sitting throughout the lecture and projecting a paper he write and don't give time to understand the code. he don't know how to teach. dont take any class with this professor.
this professor is useless, lectures not clear, teaching using papers, old style teaching. i prefer not to take any class with this professor
Someone else said it. All you do is "talk to each other." Useless lectures that don't really teach you anything. All of my learning was in the lab with the TA's. They were good, but managed to make assignments and labs near impossible to complete in a timely manner. This class uses a worthless language that no one else uses. Useless, useless, etc.
Carlis is a disgrace to EECE. He's is very unintelligible, always off-topic, and is still competing for social status with students. 96% of each of his classes are consumed by his attempts at humor which are very unoriginal. Don't go to class, just study the book and program frequently... TAs are very good though, they should replace Carloser
Very unclear. Doesn't know what he's supposed to teach. Unclear grading criteria. One of the worst classes at the University of Minnesota.
Horrible. One of the worst teachers at the University of Minnesota. Disgrace. He uses horrible metaphores/examples for "teaching" methods of programming.
I'm sure he's a good researcher, but he can't be bothered to make the material approachable for people who don't already know what he's talking about. The class felt more like it was supposed to be a review rather than new material. Assignments were graded very slowly. He seemed a bit full of himself which didn't make him all that approachable.
He mainly taught concepts in class and that was the material on the quizzes. Unfortunately the quizzes were way too long and he only gave us 25 minutes to do them. The assignments on the other hand required a lot of knowledge about specifics of the java syntax which we never learned about, also assignments were vague. This was a terrible course
The class average on quizzes so far is 77 and 68, and they're both after a curve!!! I couldn't communicate with his quizzes, they were waaaay too long and too wordy, I felt like it was a history class and not a computer science class. Too bad I didn't follow the advices of people on this website!
Lectures were a complete waste of time. He didn't even lecture, instead he spent a majority of class time asking students to teach the class for him. If by some off chance he is still teaching at this school and you happen to be in his class..You have one of two options: 1) Get the hell out of his class or 2) Give him the bird flu....
No Comments
Bad people skills. Should not laugh at students when they have questions about the material, as he has in lecture.
Terrible professor. Can barely understand what he's saying. Does not know how to explain. Relied on the book the entire class, self-studied and did well. Don't take him.
GARBAGE. You can barely understand his lectures because of his accent, and even if you can he puts you to sleep. 6 pop quizzes, but at least 4 are dropped. Notoriously hard programming projects. Had to read the textbook to learn the material, but you have to go through the slides too. The average on the first midterm was a 69.
Lectures were worthless. Homeworks and labs were hard. Test were really hard. Average for the final was 27%. At least there was a curve. Do not recommend this professor.
Don't expect to learn anything from lectures. Just read the book and skip lectures all together. Lab are death but you can get references and sometimes even full answers online.
Pen-Chung Yew's lecture was very dry, and his accent made it difficult to follow. Essentially just reading off of slides. Most of the class skipped nearly all of the lectures. Read the textbook thoroughly and you'll be fine on the assignments and tests. Labs are tough, so expect to spend a huge portion of your semester working on them.
Let me start by saying that I got an A- so what I'm about to say is not the biased opinion of someone who did poorly and is upset. The truth is he's the worst teach I've ever had. I stopped going to lectures after second week. Read every page of every chapter and did all problems thoroughly. Tests are pretty easy if you do that.
The only good thing about this class was that the curve is generous and the professor said that if you are in the top 75% you should get at least a C. Lectures were somehow more confusing than the textbook. He says tests are based on his lecture slides, but they aren't. I probably would have enjoyed the class with someone else.
No need to attend lectures. Read the book, work through all practice problems, and you'll do above average. I tried giving lectures a chance, but no one is exaggerating by saying that they are totally pointless to attend. The course material is very dense; expect to spend a majority of your study time on this class, especially if you have Yew.
It's actually shocking that the University lets this man teach this class. Lectures are extremely pointless as he will never teach you any of the core concepts that you are expected to know. Reads off slides copied from the book authors in minimal detail. Assignments are also completely unoriginal, he copies those too. Tests extremely difficult.
Lectures are completely useless. You cannot understand him 90% of the time, and when you do he is merely reading off the slides. The labs are crushing (but they can all be found online). His OPEN BOOK midterm averages are F's. They are ridiculously hard. DO NOT TAKE WITH THIS PROFESSOR IF YOU ACTUALLY WANT TO LEARN SOMETHING!!
His Lecture are not helpful at all. In other words, nothing on the test is on the lecture. If you are interested in computer science, DO NOT pick his class as his class will definitely stifle your passion. You would receie almost no feedback from the professor.
Hard to understand, lectures are long, boring, and uninformative. His explanations make the material harder to understand.
Don't go to class is useless. The labs are hard. Read the book and hope the curve helps a lot
Awful professor - read directly from slides that he didn't create - often misinformed students during class. Directs questions to class forums or TAs.
He even cannot make everything clear in class and jump something hard to understand but extremely important. His lecture is more boring and useless to than reading textbook. So, Avoid him anyway, research or class.
I stopped going to his lectures quickly. He just reads someone else's lecture slides. The homework is reasonable, but I had to rely solely on the book to do it. The tests are somewhat based off old tests from other profs, but while the old ones are quite similar, his will be pretty crazy in a few ways, and I hated him by the end due to his tests
He was probably the hardest teacher to understand by far! He isn't clear at all and will sometimes mess up problems he's doing on the board. His tests are rediculous and sometimes include material we havn't learned. DONT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HIM!!!
Most useless teacher I've ever had. The book was more effective than he was and he was horrible at office hours as well. I would never take another class with him, nor would I recommend him to anyone. He is not good at teaching, the end.
This class is a waste of time. Don't expect to learn anything technical or engineering from him. He can stand up and talk for hours about nonsense things that don't add any real value to professional development. Grades are not based on assignments or exams, but on rather he likes you or not. Beware of his tests, there's no right or wrong answer.
Everytime I go to this class (which is not often) I regret it. Mats will literally take an hour and a half and talk about absolutely nothing. Exams are recycled, probably found online somewhere, definately not written by him, which makes them unexpectedly difficult. Look out for very obscure programming problems. Assigns a ton of labs.
Lectures not worth attending except for the extra credit given for attendance on randomly chosen days. You're better off reading the book which is actually well written. Programming project descriptions are often unclear or self-contradictory and subject to change. You will lose a lot of points on the projects for minute errors.
He gives out extra credits for attendance. For a reason.
Never prepare for course, I learn nothing from this class, a lot of homework that is helpless.
Has a lot of typo in his slides and website. Never prepare his class at all.
He was terribly boring during lecture. He would follow the book page by page and never say anything outside of that. And his questions during class were much too difficult to think through on the spot. Lecture was of little value. Homework was very difficult. And my understanding of the subject probably decreased during course of the semester.
Never lets his students to graduate on time. Forces them to work on theory and old Russian mathematics, even if they don't want to. Bad Advisor. Beware.
Banerjee teaches at a ridiculously fast pace, covering the whiteboard with proofs and then quickly erases them for more. This makes it difficult for students to actually learn/apply any of the concepts.
sadistic assignments. Spent 60+ hours on one of them, and got a B. Started cutting other classes to finish his second assignment. Dropped the class. He and TAs spent most of the time chalk-boarding proofs. Retook class with prof more suited to my learning style. Got A-, as well as extreme passion for algorithms (will take adv alg in spring).
Expects you to come into the class by week two already knowing the material he covers throughout the entire course.
I wish I could enter 0 in helpfulness. Worst teacher I have ever had. He does not care how well you do, and grades do not follow any kind of rational criteria. He quickly writes some code in front of you and expects you to have understood everything. Very passive aggressive. Lowered my hw assignment grades, penalizing for reaching for his help.
By far the worst professor I've ever encountered. His class is easy enough but he was worthless. If you actually care about learning the material take a different professor for the love of god. I hope you like videogames because thats how he teaches everything. He also posts homework (60% of your grade) with several errors that he takes days to fix
Funny, but impossible to keep up with. He basically just codes in front of you without any explanation and then expects you to know everything that he is doing. Then in labs suddenly you're expected to create an entire program by yourself. He's likable, but terrible and judging his students understanding of the concepts.
Makes you feel stupid in class. Take his class if you have experience programming wih Java or C++ etc. Would not recommend him if you never done any programming in your class before. Well, at least the TAs are helpful and you learn more in lab than in his lecture. Says his exams are very easy but its basically 95% you googling how to do it
This guy is a total jerk, like half of the class dropped out and he didnt give a rip. He says everything is stupidly simple and makes you feel like an idiot if you dont understand right away. Avoid this loser at all costs!!
I was hoping to go into CS major but this class made me rethink everything. Jensen is one of the most condescending teachers I've ever had. He would make you feel bad about not getting his "easy" concepts. "this is so easy" "couldn't have been more simpler" which explains why half of the class dropped out and the other half is failing.
Took the course with this professor hoping he would get me into compsci more. Did the opposite. Worst decision of my life, I'm dropping CSCI next semester and its mostly because of him, not the content. He's condescending, puts "optional" reading material on quizzes, and generally just makes people feel bad if they don't get "easy" concepts.
Hate this class. Im a good student and it makes me cry every day. He always states how simple everything were doing is which makes me feel horrible. Im worried about my future grade in this class. Im regretting ever starting it. If you have no knowledge of computer programming and no interest in it besides covering part of your major. DONT.
This class was a lot harder than it initially seemed like it would be. Take careful notes - there are no notes from in-class activities posted online.
Gary is a pretty lousy professor. His lectures are boring, and explains simple concepts in such a complex way that you'll likely get lost if you don't look elsewhere. Homeworks are tedious and don't help to reinforce the material.
not considerate about students. Doesn't assume he is teaching an introductory course.
This was my first C++ class and I know, had Computer Science not been my major, would be my last. Just read the text book, and look up lectures on Youtube, there are many more higher quality lectures there that better explain the material. Professor Meyer is not a very big help.
Gary is not very helpful and I noticed a vast drop in attendance of the lectures within the first three weeks of class. Many students, myself included, napped through most lectures before skipping them entirely. Had it not been for the textbook the lab portion (actual coding) would have been very very difficult. TA's taught more than professor.
Read the textbook. Lecture only helps if you actually have a basic understanding of the concepts that he is discussing and even then it is difficult to follow him. This is an introductory level course and most of the people in it aren't even computer science majors so you think he'd explain better, but he doesn't. Don't expect too much from him.
Very difficult class, average rating on the midterms was about 15%. He is not very helpful and knows the class is near impossible unless you devote all of your time to it. A lot of the stuff in homework's and lab was never covered in lecture or the text book. I was only able to figure out what the heck was going on by going to his office hours.
Beyond difficult. Expect 30+ hour labs, homework about every week, and truly impossible midterms. The curve is heavy and Kyle is a nice enough guy, but his lectures are confusing and he expects a lot of prior knowledge on the subject. The only way to do well and keep up in this class is to devote your entire schedule to it.
He is funny, but often extremely off-topic. The content covered in class is generally not as important as knowing which topics were covered in class. Be prepared to do plenty of reading on your own to understand the course content.
Haiyi has managed to take a useful subject about thoughtful design and turn it into a series of meaningless assignments and video lectures that end up not teaching anything of value. The course is sloppily structured and has clearly been taken from another professor with no modifications, and Haiyi's teaching only makes the entire class worse.
Her class is easy based on the fact that you can get nothing out from it. She is so lazy to give out any final review material for review. The class is not organized enough to help you understand stuff. Yet she even have a hard time understand what you need. To be blunt, if class attendance is not mandatory, I will never come to her class.
Lazy. Materials are very outdated, feedback is nonexistent throughout the semester, and grading is very delayed. Lecture is 100% reading from a slide deck. Projects and homework have almost no coding and generally involve long write ups that feel like busy work. In my opinion, this class is offering anything relevant on today's job market.
Not a good professor. Lectures are hard to follow and tons of projects. Should be writing intensive.
This class is apparently about goats and Nepal history and not about AI data and theoretical proofs. The University of Minnesota should really do a background check on professors next time so this doesn't happen. The most stupidest thing ever.
Really not sure how he even became a professor at the U. He is incapable of even explaining the most basic of thing and he keeps on talking about his life in Nepal even though it is totally irrelevant in class. The test and homework don't even relate to class resulting in most people failing class. There isn't even a curve. Do not take!
He didn't understand the course guidelines till the last week. Has a full time job besides teaching which makes him spread very thin. Isn't very clear when teaching, debugging his own example code on the fly very often If you don't have any prior programming experience good luck(For an intro course) Does listen to feedback quite well quite well tho
His class was insanely difficult for an intro to programming. I had coding experience prior to this class, yet I still thought it was really hard. Lectures were pretty horrible as he didnt give us helpful examples to use on homework. Homework took 15-20 hours a week, and I am not exaggerating. Wouldnt recommend.
He expects you to spend 15 hours per week on a homework assignment and it is extremely difficult. Homework is 30 % of your grade and there are 2 midterms with 12 % each that is way harder than the review and he does not curve.
This man has really terrible lectures. They consist of showing us code quickly to prove that the stuff he thinks hes teaching us works. If it doesn't, he debugs it as if we have any idea of what is going on. This class is not an intro as the title suggests, but something designed for people with previous coding experience.
One of the worst professors at the U! The course was taught in a terrible way, there was no structure. The assignments were tough, you'll definitely have a hard time submitting them. Midway he realized this and starting giving over 66% extra credits in assignments. I got A, but I learnt nothing! Do yourself a favor and skip this guy.
One of the worst professors in the CS department. He comes off as a rude person. He ruined machine learning. The course structure is terrible. Assignments were very difficult, be prepared to spend at least 20 hours per week to get them done on time. The exams are easy and he gives extra credits. But that does not help.
Well, Thanksgiving has passed, and we have a single homework assignment graded so far. Seriously, nearly 3 months of class and less than 10% of our overall grade in the grade book. Frustrating to say the least!
Run, don't waste ur tuition.
Squashes ur gpa like the Squash from Plants vs. Zombies
He defines everything. The assignment requirement is not clear and he will give you bad grades for not meeting his ciriteria which he will never tell you. He said: 'I'm the prof. You got bad grades and are not happy with it, take it. I won't change anything for you.'
His tests are always about memory, no code related things. We need to watch tons of boring and useless recorded lectures. The lectures were recorded in 2016 . He does not provide expectations regarding grading related things and impatient when communicate. If you don't want to listen to crap all the way through a lecture, avoid him.
Hard to follow. A little too odd for me.
What a trainwreck of a class. I'm surprised this guy is qualified to teach. Even the students in the class were doing a better job of responding to questions on the Canvas Discussions tab in a prompt fashion. Feels like I put 20x as much time into this class trying to understand the topics as he did preparing and teaching the material.
This dude is the worst professor I have ever had in my entire life. He is extremely unprepared for class, he forgets to put out lecture slides even without assignments due within 2 days, and releases exam dates just before the exam. AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS.
I think whats said has been said. Whatever you do, Dont take this guy. Made my semester miserable
Worst class experience I've ever had. Assignments are confusing. You'll be lucky to get even a single lecture video a week. If you complain, he'll say it's YOUR fault that you aren't attending the completely optional "discussion sections" he hosts where there is no predetermined topic and YOU are expected to lead the discussion, not him. Awful.
The worst professor ever met. Not caring about his students at all.
I have two main issues with the class/professor. 1. We were supposed to have two one-hour lectures a week and instead are lucky to get a a single 20 minute lecture per week. 2. The grading feels pretty random. Possibly TA dependent. Likely will end up the worst professor I have ever had in the comp sci program.
By far the worst class I've ever taken. You won't learn much and you won't have enough guidance for assignments while him and his TA's expect near perfect results. Take this class with him if you'd want to gamble with your grades as it's heavily dependent on which TA you get.
By far the oddest course I have taken at a university. There was no sign of a prof for the first week of classes. We essentially have to beg for content as there is no regular lectures. If you want to learn anything from this course you would have read the humongous text book. I have never experienced anything similar in any other course.
This class has been an absolute disaster. He is clearly not prepared to teach an online class and quite frankly I have a hard time believing he's any better in person.
HW is vague but yet the grading is very meticulous. It's not so difficult as much as it is confusing/aimless. Everything seems rushed and I'm just left scratching my head with no guidance on where to go. He only puts out about one lecture every week and it usually just repeats the textbook.
Really poor professor. Didn't even show up first week, then seemingly scrambled to put something together the next. Barely teaches anything, then gives out homework with almost no guidance or expectations, resulting in a 60% average on it. Almost no homework given so if you fail only one you might fail the entire class. I am learning nothing.
Lectures were rushed and unclear. Park is clearly very intelligent but has difficulty communicating ideas, often interrupting himself with shifts to new topics. I gave up watching lectures because they provided so little learning value or help towards the homework. Pulled off an A in this class only from using textbooks and other resources.
There's nothing difficult about this class, but the homework is so boring and confusing with this specific format, word count, and prompt questions. I just couldn't understand what he wants from me.
Barry Is a tough grader
I think he is a very poor lecturer. He jumps incoherently from example to example, without making clear connections among them, nor to the textbook material. Yet, he forces you to go to lecture through quizzes. I'm on track for an A/A-, and I've never had such a high grade while understanding so little.
This guy is extremely boring to listen to. be prepared to sleep in class. The only way you learn something is from lab, in which the TA's are very helpful! Don't bother going to class, it won't help. Overall, not a bad course, just keep up with the topics covered in lab, and you can score an easy B!
Confusing and unhelpful lectures, with homework that often requires lots of extra researching outside of what is discussed in lectures or the textbook. As of this semester the quizzes are take-home which is the only reason I have a good grade in the class. Projects are not set up clearly and extra learning of the libraries, code, etc. required.
As a senior, it was the first time I felt like I really wasted my tuition money. He is a nice enough guy and seems to care about the students, but the course content and projects were just a mess of busy and required group work with terrible requirements. His instruction is not par. I recommend choosing a different course if he is your only option.
Of the lowest quality. Lectures consist of him rambling semi-off topic for 45 min at a time, realizing hes ignored the slides, and skipping way ahead to make up for lost time. HWs have tons of busy work. TAs often took a month to return grades and were disorganized, poor explainers. Only redeeming part is a good textbook. Prepare for frustration.
Clearly, a very ingenious man, although teaching is perhaps best left behind him. Speaks quietly and has difficulty hearing students so questions often go unanswered. Often is confused when the class doesn't immediately grasp concepts. Exams are cumulative all semester, so you are expected to memorize a LOT of unrelated content.
A brilliant man, but not a great teacher at all . If you know the subject in prior , you pass exams. His notes are more or less a abstracted high level points rather answering how and why. Expect significant time of self study on material and homework . May be a Gilbert Strang MIT courseware or RGB publication youtube channel helps !
ta cannot answer course material related questions and grade unfairly, always makes mistakes. He unfortunately allows it and does not care. Fortunately he does contract grading on final and free us.
Saad is insanely knowledgeable in his field. Unfortunately he teaches as if his students are as well versed as he is. His lectures are extremely disorganized and slides are lacking in detail. Assumes that you perfectly understand the material from previous lectures. Does a poor job of showing how new material relates to old. Avoid if possible!
Nice guy, but.. terrible professor. Can't even explain the most intuitive aspects of the material in a proper way. You'll learn more by reading yourself for 20 minutes than sitting in his class for an hour.
Don't choose his class!!!He makes class very messy. It seems no logic in his class, 2033 is a easy class, but when your professor is not helpful, it is time-consuming to learn it by yourselves. He never reply your email but I have to admitted his TA are very nice, they are helpful! I hate this professor!!!!!!!!!
prof. saad is perhaps one of the worst professors at teaching that I have had and I have had a number. He isn't clear when he explains, he is usually over the heads of the people that haven't had the material before. my suggestion is unless you know this stuff don't take him you will get lost. plus has no time or patience to answer questions.
He's a brilliant man, but perhaps the worst professor I've ever seen. He has no clue where the students are mentally, and quite frankly seems unconcerned.
You can tell that he is really smart, but he really wasn't that great a teacher.
Class isn't the worst but he's such an awful person to try and deal with, needs to learn people skills/being a better person in general.
If I had a penny for every ounce of suffering I've endured in his class, I'd be able to pay off my students loans and still have enough left over to buy a casket for my GPA
Little compassion for students. He ended up throwing out 3 sets of homework questions because he finally figured out they were "poorly written" after most of the class failed to answer them correctly. Then he said he would give us extra credit based off the points we did get for them. He didn't uphold his commitment. Ridiculous standards. AVOID.
This class was more like a vanity project for him than anything else. It's based off of his book that YOU must buy. His theories are somewhat controversial and not widely accepted in psychology, neuroscience, and especially not in psychiatry. He is a computer scientist, NOT a neuroscientist--yet he tries to sell it as computational neuroscience.
Interesting material, impossible professor. Tests are incredibly difficult to pass even if you attend lectures, participate, go to office hours, and do all the required assignments. He doesn't believe that he is ever wrong, so he will take points off of everything you do and will not give them back even if you prove him wrong. Save your GPA!!!!
Do not be fooled by the good reviews. Arguably one of the worst courses and professors I have had. While I'm sure he has put a ton of work in, Dr. Redish has a masters degree in Computer Science. You may get a quiz 100% right in your mind because he goes over all quiz answers, but he'll give you 50%. You have to say exactly what he says on tests.
This is teacher is very agnorant and rude. Who makes you buy their poorly written book? This professor does and it's based on his own ideas, which don't make sense. The test aren't even related to the book and very vague. Avoid taking this class. Will definitely be donating his book to the goodwill.
I can confidently say this has been the most frustrating course of my undergraduate career. Grading is as ambiguous as possible (as in, no feedback given when only giving 50% on essay questions). This is a huge problem since essays/short answers make up literally 90% of the grade in total. To top it off, he can be quite rude. Avoid.
Questions are so ambiguous. Gives little feedback to your answers and gives you 0's with no explanation. Lecture slides only have graphics so you're pretty much screwed if you miss what he says in class. Studying for his short answer exams is a nightmare. Would never take this class again- If you care about your GPA I would avoid this class.
Some of the most interesting subject matter I learned throughout my neuroscience career was from this class. Redish is a genius, but not well liked among colleagues and students alike. He's a little arrogant and can be very tough on students. Don't expect him to err on the side of kindness or help you unless you explicitly ask.
Makes you buy his book which is not well written and only helpful for quizzes. Very tough grader, his essays are ambiguous and he grades however he wants, no clear guidelines. Doesn't regrade though so no point in bringing his inconsistencies up to him. Rude and has a huge ego. Constantly says stuff like, "nope, that's wrong". Not approachable
He teaches neuroscience in his perspective and tested us on specific theories that he believed in. Exams are graded tough, and the class dynamic is uncomfortable since the class is heavily based on his book and theories. I would not recommend this class or this professor.
Attendance is not required. But if you want to pass, dont skip a class. He has homework every before and after lectures. Not clear at all! Worst class that i ever took in my entire undergraduate career. Super tough grader. The textbook is his own book. Bonus: It has a picture of him too! I've donate it to goodwill... Good luck!
He is a computer science undergraduate major, went to graduate school for economics, and then randomly decided to teach a Neuroscience class where he spends each class period proving the history and basis of Neuroscience wrong. He feeds us his theories, and we are to literally regurgitate them onto tests, exactly the way he stated it, no way else.
Rude and condescending.
He made us buy his book for our textbook, he wrote poems that start off every chapter that have nothing to do with neuroscience. There are a quizzes every lecture before AND after class. His explanations are extremely unclear and the way he forms his questions are even worse. Barely talks about neuroscience at all. Not recommended
Redish is arrogant and rude, he is extremely talented at making his students feel inadequate. I would highly recommend anyone considering taking this course to skip it; it was not what I expected at all. Subject matter is somewhat interesting, but not when your professor calls randomly in a class of 100.
Long lectures(2.5-3) where he doesnt really teach C at all, just explores examples and other bs. There are 4 labs that make up your grade w/ the most vague write-ups ive ever seen and no examples, and dont bother asking for help, he doesnt respond or gives you poor/misleading help. If U dont know C very well, good luck youll need it :)
There's no prerequisite, but it's still overwhelming because I don't have enough background knowledge or a strong programming mindset. Langanki tells us common practices in programming, not just theories. But his instructions on labs and final questions are vague. Misunderstanding cost me big. My plan to boost GPA ends up dragging it down.
Not a very good teacher. You must know C programming before going in because he is not going to teach you. He will lecture is not related to what you need to know to pass the class. I would recommend taking with a different professor.
You will fail his classes if you have a weak programming background. He will not teach you any programming and all his labs are based on c programming. You will not learn anything in class so it is very tempting to skip. I would recommend taking his classes outside of the U.
Schrater appears to be really confused about fundamental issues in the material. He was either unprepared, or clearly unknowledgeable. In addition, he didn't hold office hours often enough, and the one hour he was in his office was split between two courses. He's very enthusiastic but appears to be uncommitted to good pedagogy.
A contender for the worst CS professor. His slides change notation often. He himself seems unsure about some of the concepts. Throughout the semester I kept wondering how he managed to get assigned to the course! I mean he messes up even simple classifiers while trying to explain. My advice, avoid any course by him.
"If you didn't get any feedback, that means it's okay. Here's the description of the paper I want turned in in three days. Don't expect any feedback! Unless I hate it." Absolutely the worst experience I've had at the U, and I've had a lot of bad experiences. I don't like writing reviews before the class is done, but seriously. Never take his class.
Terrible professor. Homeworks are poorly explained and buggy, he changes deadlines multiple times, he doesn't respond to email, and he blows off his office hours. Consistently starts and ends class ~5-10 minutes late. Take Andrew Ng's Machine Learning class online for free and save yourself the headaches.
Indicate thing complicated and never finishes all the lectures before assignment
It The assignment projects are super boring, hard and confusing. It is hard to motivate yourself
I do not like this teacher at all. His projects are way too hard.
Bad lecturer. Disaster just repeat the slides.
Assignments are not graded humanely and you will be given a straight 0 due to your assignment being submitted in the wrong place. This back costs you 10% of your overall grade directly.
Hands down the worst professor + worst class I have ever had at the university. His lectures are entirely unhelpful for homeworks and tests. He never goes through any examples and the homework assignments are extremely difficult. Only take this class if you are willing to teach yourself the entire course. 0/10 reccomend.
Do not take CSCI 5551 with him. The lectures are disrupted every 15 seconds by a poor joke or an overly specific question that has no use to most students. In 8 weeks of the course, we've learnt 5 weeks worth of material. Assignments are hours-long, tedious algebra problems (no partial credit) that are busy work rather than teaching us.
The class relies too heavily on lectures and missing a few could ruin your grade. Homework is often very complicated some of the hardest ones require a whole week to finish. There are no materials posted online besides the textbook.
One person didnt take the exam and he made the his section to wait for that one person to release the exam grade.
Test heavy (60% of the grade), 95% required for an A. Tests are extremely hard due to time constraint and having to solve very creative problems that differ from labs. No practice tests provided, nor any opportunity to prepare for tests. Refuses to curve the grades even with very low averages. Overall not a good experience.
A small mistake in homework can bring your overall grade down a lot
Firstly, the final exam is totally unexpected. The main content of the class is not included. It's obvious that he didn't prepare well for the exam. Secondly, he doesn't have curve for his courses. He thought that it's fair for everyone. However, it's unfair that other professors have curve, but you don't.
midterm + final are 60% of the grade. Class average like 65% on both. Do some math and you hit the ground running -21% if you are an average test taker.
Good luck knowing what your grade is in the class. Homework is ridiculous and you don't learn anything. Anyone who says this class was easy is probably a graduate student. He is trying to assign two homeworks over the last two weeks with the same due date. Avoid this guy.
Just don't take his class. You will learn nothing from this class and the grading is very tough. He calculates the final grade based on his weird formula, not based on canvas which will make your grade down. If somebody gets an A in this course, I really believe that person should be a professor.
Very very unfair when compared to last semester. This class did a 180 on its grading criteria. TA's did not even take exams, which we are taking. Average on exams are 63%. Midterms and Final both are 60% of the grade, whereas online sem there were NO exams. Prof is decent but the way course is conducted is poor. There is no way to prepare for exams
He's a decent lecturer but there is so many other things he could have done to make the class better. Slides, practice exams, recorded lectures (especially for people who get sick with covid,etc), a lot of people complained they put in alot time into studying for exams but they were so badly written that they couldn't show what they actually knew.
In the class, there were tons of mistakes in the class. Everything was wrong. Everytimes he modified the concepts by the student. That being said, you are required to study the correct concept and what's the correct concept of that. He didn't prepare for the class.
Professor procrastinated throughout the semester, had no clear grading methods, has complicated writeups, and apparently paying attention in class, understanding every concept, and spending more than 20 hours every week outside of class doing coursework wasn't enough to get a good grade. First time I am being critical of a professor in 3 yrs.
I got no time to write this review because i gotta fix a report write a problem set and a project report all in one week because of this prof's lack of planning and procrastination
Professor McCamant is clearly very knowledgeable about a wide range of topics, and lectures were always very interesting. The rest of the class was an honest disaster: no syllabus, inconsistent exercise sets, exams on material not relating to lectures at all, and supposed hands-on assignments that never ended up coming to fruition.
Biweekly homework isn't bad, + two exams worth 45% of your total grade. He is very smart, don't get me wrong. But he is NOT a good lecturer. His lectures are monotone and so freaking boring. This does not work well with the fact that the course is extremely difficult. Probably the hardest class I took, and having McCamant as a professor was oof.
Always behind on posting assignments and projects. Really irresponsible. Lecture slides aren't even his, he uses someone else's. Now flexible or adaptable at all. He lectures on useless conceptual stuff, but none of the hws, labs, or exams are on them. He uses a separate website for the course (instead of Canvas), never posts grades until finals.
McCamant is the WORST prof I've ever had. His lectures are so confusing, he expects everyone to be on his level when this is a 2000 level class. He is so unclear about everything and won't give straight answers, it is march 23rd and we have only done 1 project, 1 problem set, and 1 test and he won't tell us when the rest are. READ THE TEXTBOOK
No way Jose. I will never take his class again.
Made students' life miserable.
I don't think he understand the concept of teaching.
Nope. No teaching and no learning in the class. I learned most of the materials through YouTube and other resources. He unfortunately doesn't teach but fills lectures reading the slides. You're supposed to teach and we're here to learn. Incredibly difficult midterms and home works will make your life miserable as if material is not already hard.
WORST CLASS EVER. nothing comes out of lectures. He just reads from numerous useless slides without explaining them. solutions for hw and labs are all over internet, so it's like a competition to cheat, because they are so hard you don't have any other option. avg of midterm is so low there is no point to study for it.
he makes the materials incredible hard, the average of the first mid-term is 47. and lectures are very useless, he basically read out the slices with little or no explanations. A normal student need to spend more then 10 hours a week on this course to pass. This is the worst class I've ever taken in csci department.
Useless lectures, IMPOSSIBLE homework and Labs. He teaches from slides which is copied directly from the book and reading them surprisingly won't help you at all! I skipped going to lecture after the first midterm but I did all the practice problems in the book.
Seemingly easy topics become difficult to understand!
Nothing learned. Hard exam.
Terrible class!
He is a terrible lecturer. Going to his class is totally a waste of time. His lecture is long and boring. He barely asks a question or evokes a discussion in class. His exams are extremely heavy, which he never explains later. Even the top student get 60/100. You can learn more things by looking at the alphabet than going to his class.
Worst lecturer I have ever seen. He is old schooled and does very hard closed-book exams. Don't ever take his class!
He is a terrible lecturer for CSCI 2011. The homework and exam problems are too difficult. He has to curve every time. There is just no meaning to test so hard since nothing on the paper is what we have learned. Never take his CSCI 2011 section!
This professor cannot create projects to save his life. He has absolutely no frame of reference for how difficult things are for undergraduates are to do and seems entirely oblivious to the fact that students have classes other than his. He was genuinely surprised when students couldn't complete a project he estimated at 60 hours within a month.
I think we started the year with around 80 students. It ended with 56. The second project took about 80-100 hours to complete and there are no grade lines. We spent an entire class period going over 1 student's code since almost no one completed project 2 just to show us how it should have functioned.
Not only is the work load for this course completely unreasonable but he is very condescending. One time I asked a question and he responded that I should know the answer already. After everyone failed project two he implied we wouldn't make it in industry and told us we should start doing leet-code to get better.
This professor has such hard grading. His tests on his programming assignments look for errors that we weren't informed of. He released his first assignment during the summer, before class even started and had it due a week into school. He makes you code in C for a class that it is more important to learn the content for. Not impressed.
Prof Qian gives class programming projects and withholds or omits many of the criteria until his automated tests find "errors" that no one was aware existed. For example, the first project was so difficult and time constrained that the mean for the project was 41.7 out of 100. His lectures are not well structured and omit much needed material.
Never reply emails and questions. Bullshit solutions provided. Never explain why points were taken.
Awful professor. Makes 5801 contain no coding! I have literally written more than 100 pages for this class, and it isn't even writing intensive!
Lectures are dry and not informational. Kevin didnt introduce basic concepts. He always asked who has taken 4041. Schedules are not clear. I got the grade of Assignment 3 just before the due of Assignment 7. Our group wrote more than 100 pages without useful feedback. Grades are not reported to MyU after the due of the university.
Wendt is clearly passionate about software engineering, but sucks at teaching. His lectures are dry, vague, and cover tons of material. He teaches like you're dying of a disease and the only thing that will cure it is a good requirements document. Slides are unhelpful/very sparse. Always brags about working for Wells Fargo. eyeroll
Wendt has very dry lectures that are uninformative and aren't structured at all. It's clear from the way he lectures that he did not prepare himself for the class. You're graded on a class-long group project, self-reflections, a single mid-term, and a final exam. His lectures are explaining 2+24, but his assignments are asking for derivatives.
Unorganized. Writing papers without coding
Basic concepts are not taught in lectures, which is a problem considering this is supposed to be an intro course. Exams are far too difficult, causing averages to be low (20%), so scoring a few points below average results in dropping an entire letter grade. Homework assignments are worded poorly and are also too tough for an intro course.
Kevin is strict but make no sense of not preparing for class material. TA is not responsive enough. When going to lab, you TA is useless because they cannot fix most of the bugs. Also, even if you attend the class, you will have at least 3 absence because they lose the attendant sheet you turn in. Ridiculous class without any proper management.
He's a rude person. Unprepared. Very bad project description.
He makes students frustrated in a way that is not productive... Vague assignments, unprepared, irresponsible... He says he will take feedback, but he only takes them and never improve. Really hard person to work with.
Professor Wendt is that kind of professor that imagine students as supermen, CSCI3081W is a big classes and have approximately 300 people taking the same class, and the OH is so not enough for so many students to get their question answered. even under this cases, can you imagine how ambiguous his assignment is? I really frustrated by this class.
Don't take him if you can help it. Lectures are confusing, and if you fall behind, the work necessary to catch up is very difficult. Many people in the intro class have extensive previous coding experience, and thus the grades are usually on the far right side of the curve. You can still do well, but be prepared to work much harder.
What is the point of making homework and exam so tough and complicated when Kevin does a poor job of lecturing. His lecture is terrible and distracted. At the beginning of semester he promised that he will teach the class so much stuff, but at the end all the of knowledge are a mess. Kevin is a very typical inexperienced teacher and please avoi
Not ready for primetime. Nice guy who does put in effort to teach the class. However, h/w is unclear & he's frequently distracted during office hours (that are completely swamped), undergrad OH are as well. His enthusiasm doesn't make up for the poor administration of the class. If you're a CS major you'll do fine, if not he's probably not for you.
Spends lecture coding in front of you. Talks/types way too fast and fails to explain the basics. Supposed to read the textook ahead of time, which is the only way to learn anything. He is knowledgable but he cannot properly transfer that into a intro level course. HW is 35% of your grade and impossible unless you go to every office hour. Run away.
The professor make this class so hard for non-CS student. The lecture is very confusing, and the lecture covers very little stuff, while the homework and exam ask you a lot of hard question. He also like you to work on some unnecessary complicated logic. Overall, he makes my interest in computer science disappear.
Actually he must be the worst teacher I have ever met in UMN. His lecture never cover the basis knowledge and it is hard to understand what he talked about if you didn't learn programming before. Just don't take his class! He is so mean in homework and don't allow any tiny similarities in assignment. JUST SKIP HIM!!!!!!!!!
He is an assistant professor, and he is the most terrible teacher I ever met. He didn't talk much about how the language works, but directly giving a bunch of code which made no sense for students who didn't have programming experience before. Be careful to choose his class if it's the first time you trying to learn a language.
Maybe the worst instructor i have met in the U. Even many native students complaint about him. Talked too fast and his lecture had no focused points; that's why less and less students attended his lecture. This class was tough, but KEVIN could make it tougher! TA were more helpful and better than him! If u wanna pass, skip him!
It is too hard for me to get a good grade and he teaches so fast
Somewhat disorganized and hardly intelligible lectures; Constant ambiguities with conflicting interpretations but condescending if you ask; Slow-responding TA; Unreasonable harsh grading and heavy problem weights on small problems - one minor mistake for 10% off one assignment, despite an otherwise reasonable high bar for letter grade cutoffs
He's a nice guy and seems like he cares about students, but that's where the positives end. Lectures are useless; course material revolves around obsolete technologies that haven't been relevant since like 1996; tests/hw/projects are a bunch of busywork. Take this class with Chandra or Weissman or literally anyone else. I want my money back.
Horrible prof. Was disrespectful and would call students out in class if they rubbed him the wrong way, such as asking what he thought were "too many" questions during exams or sending emails he thought were dumb. Lectures meandered and were hard to follow. Exams were impossible, huge parts were straight up memorization. Avoid for any class
No Comments
Be prepared to read everything from the textbooks because the homework assignments are not doable with the unorganized lectures on pieces of paper, which are hard to read. I stopped attempting to email after receiving a rude response. The class is not difficult if you are willing to stick it out but the content wasn't as interesting as I hoped.
The worst professors I've ever had. She is old, has an accent and scribbles on papers all lecture. Not sure why She doesn't engage with the class and no-one pays attention. You learn on your own (TA's are helpful). She is VERY rude so be prepared to feel dumb/stupid when you ask a question. Clearly she is tenured otherwise, she wouldn't have a job.
The professor has a horrible attitude toward those who do not understand the content. Rude comments are often left on assignments without explaining why it is wrong. Her handwriting is illegible 75% of the time. She gets frustrated with clarifying questions, and the grading is NEVER consistent. But the TAs are nice, and they help out quite a bit.
Somewhat disorganized. Class is boring. Professor is pretty rude.
Examples are given in class, but not how to completely solve them. The examples that we go through are always incomplete. It may be trivial for the professor to solve at the point he leaves off, but for students who are not familiar with the topic, it can take a long amount of time.
Boley uses no slides, is a very boring lecturer, and clearly doesn't know how to teach in an online environment. Class is extremely difficult with him teaching it. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
He was a terrible prof. Refused to give answers or any comments on homework, after the whole class, I still don't know whether I have done right on my homework. Just don't understand what is the meaning of this class.
I have no idea what's going on, I hate this
Lectures were boring, and didn't cover much material. I went to him for help regarding course material and he came off aggressive. I would not take any more of his classes, or recommend anyone else take them.
Boley was by far the worst professor I've ever had. He has managed to spend 45 minutes of a 75 minute lecture on a very simple thing such as matrix multiplication. He also cut out three large topics because he'd spend so much time on simple things. Penalty methods, numerical integration, ODE. Take this class in the math department to cover more.
Really smart guy, but the way of teaching doesn't work for students. Hard homework assignments and medium level exam. Hard to understand assignments. Just because of this, I dropped the class. Never recommended.
I already have a Bachelor's from another university, so I've taken 160+ credits, and he is the worst professor I've ever had. If I gave an incoherent lecture like his as an assignment, I would get a D. Your time is better spent skipping class and teaching yourself the material from the book. That's what you're going to have to do eventually anyway.
Very obviously smart, but NOT a good teacher. His lectures are confusing and I spend half of the time on my homework trying to figure out what he's even asking. Tests are mostly difficult because the way he words the questions; it is never clear what he's actually asking. Makes the material seem 5x harder than it actually is. Would NOT recommend.
He is an intelligent guy who knows the course material he's teaching. However, he is NOT good at relaying this information to mere mortals. Work is challenging, but is graded fairly, meaning if you show effort you can usually get some partial credit. Exams are fairly challenging, but not impossible. Wouldn't recommend for a lower-division course.
mumbles, cant finish sentences
Kathryn was a nightmare professor to have during the pandemic. The class grade heavily relies on multiple choice 8 pt quiz questions that are extremely hard. Does not give out full credit on HOMEWORK and does not note why points were taken off. Very frustrating class! Avoid if possible!
Highly recommend (Easy A). Generous while assignments are challenging. Both lectures and assignments are unorganized, and sometimes inconsistent in using variables when referring to the same function. (Not good at teaching) (Personally, I would not recommend his lecture again, when you want to learn something) Better to learn yourself online.
Gopalan Nadathur is an extremely tough grader and a horrible lecturer. Grading is abysmally harsh the TAs are no help. Solution sketches for the homeworks were vague writeups of the problems with no steps provided. Occasionally, the Professor would refuse to explain random problems. Take this professor if you want anxiety and depression for $2,082
He looks very smart, but the lessons he teaches are too bad. Sometimes I wonder how he became a professor. Maybe his academic ability is good, but his teaching ability is 0.
Absolutely worst professor, no contest. I'm begging you not to take this professor you will seriously regret it. Take anybody else, but him. I both took this class with him for 2041 and 4011. The classes were hw heavy meaning if you don't pass each hw with at least a 50%, you fail. Lectures are terrible, long, and mandatory. Just don't please.
Gopalan is by far the most condescending professor in the whole CSCI department. He goes on about wanting to have a good relationship with all his students but he talks down to everyone as if they are less than him. You are better off not interacting with Gopalan at all. Take any other professor and you will be fine.
The class material is interesting and professor is well prepare for evrry class hes teaching. The downside is the homework is way too hard and beyond the scope of what was taught on the class. good luck !
I have never in my life had a professor this poor at teaching than him. There is a pandemic going on and he is making everything very difficult. He gives more lectures than if classes were in person, is extremely rude to students, and the homeworks rarely cover what that he has talked about in class. Avoid this man like covid-19
I'd just like to mention for others that associate with the DRC that he did not accept my Flex DRC accommodations. Now, I'm disabled and I've gotten through to my fourth year of college with a decent GPA, but I have no idea what is going on in this course, it might just be me. I really hope I can drop it. Please think twice about your choice.
this class contains a lot of interesting material & valuable information. the only downside is that gopalan has absolutely no idea how to teach any of it. he has terrible communication skills & loves to flaunt that your grade rests in his hands. he refused to tell the class his grading standards and provided no actual help. the TAs fr ran the class
Gopalan Nadathur is the worst prof I've had at the U to date. Really arrogant and unpleasant person in my opinion. Lectures are honestly hard to stay focused on because of how strong his accent is. The homeworks take a long time, and one of the tests after Covid was super unfair. Does not take student feedback seriously. Avoid this prof at all cost
Man I could write a damn dissertation on how awful of an experience this class was. Lectures? Horrible. Wrote code in illegible writing. Was mean to anyone who asked a question. Homeworks? Way more complex than anything he showed in class. I spent 15+ hours on each hw and averaged 60% Grading? Super unclear. You are set up to fail. STAY AWAY!
Terrible with student interactions. Doesn't treat students with respect when disagrees with their point of view or opinion.
avoid at all costs
Somehow obfuscates easy material to the point that you'll learn nothing in an 80 min lecture, feel like you understand everything, and then still get slapped with a bad grade and ridiculously minimal feedback on GitHub 2 weeks later. Insanely boring, pretentious, and overly difficult - the worst combination a professor can embody
Absolutely terrible professor. Those who can't do, teach? Well this guy can't teach either. Feedback means nothing to Prof Nadathur so the only thing you can do is not take his class. Heavy accent, unfair grading scale, terrible lectures, and a condescending teacher are just a few things you're in for. As are very unlikely
Halfway through the semester we had to switch to online instruction due to Coronavirus, he handled it terribly, assigned more work to teach us less, and was extremely rude and condescending to anyone who didn't understand the material, his lectures were near impossible to understand in person or online, and he has no sympathy for anyone struggling.
During the switch to alternative instruction, Gopalan has taken more time to teach us less, raised the difficulty of testing, and made the students feel like it's their own fault if they are struggling. Condescending, unsympathetic, and with such low regard for the quality of his teaching, I absolutely would not recommend him to anybody ever.
Wow, I cant believe this is a required class. Ive never spent this much time learning nothing. Tests and homeworks are ridiculously long and hard and the grading is brutal. The most frustrating class taught by the worst prof in the worst programming language (ocaml). Just, wow.
Probably the worst professor I've had so far, boring and almost indecipherable lectures, no textbook, response to questions is most often "the question is wrong". If you do not understand or have difficulty with tests, HW, anything, it is your fault for not trying, and he will fail you. The embodiement of He who can does; he who cannot, teaches.
Instead of being more understanding given that we are currently in a global pandemic, he instead uses the online format to go 40 minutes over the allotted time for a given lecture. He's very condescending; the other posts are not lying. Generally, just avoid him if you can.
Terrible teacher with unclear lectures, condescending to people who ask questions he doesn't like, tests are impossible and the workload is quite high with frequent tricky coding assignments. He has a thick accent, too, which I don't care about but it does genuinely make it hard to understand him and pay attention sometimes. You won't get an A
Didn't think he'd be that bad after reading reviews. Boy was I wrong
The professor doesn't give answers to the midterm practices. The professor's office hours are basically useless, you're better off just going to a TA. The homework for this class is insane compared to when other professors were teaching this class. The midterms themselves are insane in time and material. Lectures are boring and hard to read. AVOID.
Class was bad enough before the sh*tshow of Covid-19, and he wasn't remotely accommodating, so don't expect understanding of unusual circumstances. The class introduces a really fascinating approach to programming, but as others has said, is ruined by his borderline indecipherable lectures and unnecessarily difficult assignments(45% of your grade)
Worst and hardest that I have ever taken! Taught very easy stuff in lectures and give very hard test! Don't expect to get solutions to given homework, labs, or practice exams. He will never post it at all! Regret to take his class but got no choice.
Worst CS class I've ever taken at the U, it's a shame that its required for a CS degree.
Hw and labs must pass some prewritten tests that don't work well. You can get instant feedback on the labs and resubmit, you can't do this for the hw, which is graded heavier. So get ready for mediocre hw grades despite spending lots of time on the poorly written problems. Lab attendence is mandatory and TAs can be condescending, like the professor
Made the material incredibly, incredibly confusing and verbose even though it didn't need to be. Several times throughout the semester I was completely lost and spent hours on end trying to decipher his lecture slides, before finally reading OCaml documentation online and instantly understanding the material.
One of the worst computer science classes at the U of M because of his teaching. Condescending, doesn't give enough or any examples especially for what was on assignments/labs. The assignments worth half of your grade contained material not found on the web that he never went over in class. Good luck with Ocaml
As other's have said, he comes off very condescending when people ask questions. Towards the end of the semester his lectures were extremely confusing but nobody was willing to ask questions anymore. His tests were far too long and filled with difficult questions. Assignments were difficult and getting help was hard as office hours were always full
This is the worst class I've taken in computer science, and it had the potential to be great. This prof was condescending, presented the material in the most boring way, and made the material as confusing as it could possibly be. I was hopelessly lost several times and definitely learned the bulk of the content from my peers, not from class.
Made assignments unnecessarily hard and asks extremely tough test questions. Even worse with so few resources for this class. If you have to take him, as in for graduation purposes you just can't take 2041 in any other semester, make sure your other classes aren't too hard. He singlehandedly made this past semester horrible for me.
Super hard teacher, didn't make sense and made you feel incompetent when asking for help. No textbook available for this class.
Slides are too long to read and doesnt show enough examples for us to fully understand. As there is no textbook, understanding and scoring is the toughest part in this class .
He is the worst Computer Science professor I've seen in the U. The exams of his class are extremely tough. In our first exam, we got an class average about 70 and I thought that he would make the second exam easier. However, It turned out our class average for second exam is 60. I have no confident in this course at all. So many people dropped it.
He does not use a textbook, so if you don't understand something, theres not a concrete place to find it. Is very condescending when questions are asked that he doesn't seem to think are reasonable. Takes attendance during lab which effects total grade. Hard hw that is much more complex than what he teaches in class.
He's not the best, but he's definitely down there as one of the worst CSCI professors I've taken at the U. I took CSCI 2041 and his homework and labs are very ambiguous and you can't really receive any type of help for the questions they give you.
Seeing his friendly nature in class, I went to his office hours- where, surprisingly he was very condescending. He assigns homework a week before it's due but actually covers the material until the last day. Not a bad teacher, but his teaching doesn't fit all learning styles, including mine. A concrete textbook should be developed for the class.
Tough grader and tests are really tough.
- For the final AI project, each student is expected to contribute 50 hours (with all the other hw, in-class assignments, and exam studying). This is ridiculous. It's not a 5-credit class, it's a 4-credit class - Exam 2 is 2 days after thanksgiving. We can't enjoy our break from all the work he gives - He doesn't give sample exams to help study
The TAs didn't know how to help with the assigned homeworks because they were so tough. Office hours consistently had 10+ students because the professor did not teach subjects well. First midterm average was 48%, second one was 55%, and the final was 70%
She sucks. Each homework was graded with entirely different criteria that we didn't know ahead of time. Doesn't release anything from lectures online but her lectures are so boring it's hard to force yourself to go. If you can take this class from ANYONE else, do it! Tests were much more difficult than the material discussed
This is the least professional professor I've ever had. She LOST the grades for an exam after returning them all to students then only required a picture of the front page of the exam as proof of their grade. Then, without any prior warning, she says all exams have to be returned to her. Honestly never had a class like this before. Do not recommend
Horrible course structure. You won't learn anything in this class. She goes over slides that barely cover anything meaning there is no point in showing up to class. Exams are heavily homework based (we never even got the solutions) and assignments are based on nothing you might understand by going to lectures and asking questions. yea avoid.
She is very lecture heavy, the presentations of which are hundreds of slides long with no useful information. The few assignments we were given asked us to use concepts not covered in class.
Plainly terrible.
Grades nine total assignments for the semester. Unclear lectures where she rambles about nothing, then rushes the last 15 minutes of lecture and goes past the end of class. Impossible to know what's important and what's not when your three homework assignments finally come. Terrible slides on Canvas don't help.
Lectures were a mess. Projects were meant for a 4000 level class. HW was only thing doable. Labs were ok, part of final was on stuff barely touched on in lecture. Whole class was completely disorganized. The TAs could hardly ever help bc they took other 2021 class and didn't talk about 3/4 of material Zhai talked about in this class. Take Kauffman!
Labs are okay but projects, midterms, and homework are out of the blue. Not organized, does not teach concepts well.
So bad. Flies through lectures without explanation of complex topics. Writes chicken scratch on slides so you can't even tell what it says unless you're really paying attention. Half the time you probably won't even know what she's saying because she mumbles every 3rd word out like she's challenged. Absolute garbage teacher. HARD HOMEWORK AND LABS.
avoid
Taught out of the textbook but still wasn't able to teach anything in lecture. Test averages were on occasion below 30%. Felt like I didn't learn a single thing in the class.
Lectures had nothing to do with what you needed to learn. Labs were incredibly hard, and the exams were excruciating. The average for the final was 33%. I had to study for 50 hours for one midterm and got 10% above average: not a good sign. Now that I am done, I am glad it was a weed-out course. It made me grow as an individual.
What I did to pass with C: skipped lectures halfway (Carnegie mellon has orig lectures w/ book); all homework, half of lab3, no lab 4, changed copied code for lab 5 for 50%, slightly below avg for test 1, half of avg for test 2, met avg for final. If you can, avoid; else, good luck; There was a movement to get her fired halfway through semester.
Avoid at all costs
Uses presentations from another college and only reads from the slides without really explaining anything. Labs are doable, homework is somewhat difficult, and tests are impossible. Her tests were so difficult the TAs weren't able to answer our questions about it a lot of the time. Also, she said calculus was "3rd grade math", so....
Completely unprepared for class; class average for the final was 34%. You hardly learn anything with her and you're always in the dark with grades with lade grading and no idea on the curve. People are only able to pass the course because of the curve. Most of us are praying for just a C-
I believe she does care about her students doing well, but the tests are insanely difficult (class avg of 35% on midterm 2) and there are little to no practice problems to help study. Reading the textbook will help more than anything else. Some questions on tests are hardly connected to lecture material. Avoid taking her if you can.
Avoid at all costs.
I'm sure that she's great at her research, but she can't teach at all, lectures are useless. Homework and labs are hard but doable. Her tests are insanely difficult, average scores were as low as 32%. Even if you know the content perfectly, she doesn't give enough time to finish the tests, you're lucky to finish more than half the questions.
Classes are not organized. Assignments are not released on time. No proper communication. Worst experience ever. Please avoid at all cost!
She is pretty bad. Like really bad. Like really really bad. Inexplicably bad
The hardest class with the worst teacher I have ever had in my 4 years at UoM. -Does not speak clearly at all -Writes illegibly on the whiteboard, the marker would have no ink and she would carry on without even replacing it. -No preparation for the labs which will stress you out alot -Just makes you hate Computer Science
Easily the worst class I have taken at the U in 3 years here. She is the epitome of a professor who cares more about her research than teaching. There was little to no communication between her and the students regarding upcoming material, the syllabus was changed numerous times throughout the semester, and she takes no responsibility for any of it
She had the TAs make and grade all the assignments. Also she gave assignments that most people who had graduated with a computer science degree didn't know how to do. Also nothing was graded till the last day of class. When asked for help, she will say "I haven't looked at the assignment. Ask the TA"
I understand that this is one of the most challenging courses taught in CompSci due to the dense content, but professor Zhai did not make it any easier for her students to learn. Lectures were tedious as she read off of pre-made slides. Assumed that we all knew that material on the first day of class. Exams are extremely difficult! READ THE BOOK!!!
Professor Zhai knows the material. However, actually instructing it is another matter. As others have noted, she simply reads from slides, and usually at a hurried pace. And most annoyingly, she repeatedly uses dry erase markers that don't work and are illegible from even the front row. The homework and lab instructions can be quite vague.
Wasn't helpful in class, frequently didn't answer students questions (both by not looking at the class when she asked "Questions?" and by telling students to try something really challenging on their own when a yes or no answer would have sufficed), slide shows made little sense and were generally had mistakes, her explanations weren't clear. UGH
A disaster! What else I can say
Clearly uses Power Point slides prepared by the authors of the textbook and just reads them to you. No original examples. Just rams her way through all of the material at the same pace, no matter the relative difficulty. Laziest teacher I've ever seen in my life.
Lectures unclear and confusing. From the first day of class she immediately began with material way over everyone's head and it never got any better. Expects students to know way more than just what the prerequisite courses teach.
Lectures are unprepared and confusing. Lazily and inappropriately applies active learning. Homeworks and quizzes are not well matched to the course material. Worst professor in CS at Minnesota.
Not clear in specifying what she wants for assignments. Have redone the assignments 2-3 times because of this. Confuses simple concepts while speaking, complex subjects not clear. Changes her mind frequently. Many errors on test that need clarification while taking the test. Do not take a class from her.
Relies on PowerPoint for all lectures. Lecture examples are always very easy, homework and quiz questions always very hard. Does not give answers to homeworks for studying. Cares more about her schedule than students' understanding. Do not take a class with her!
No Comments
Really tough grader and you will be able to count on both hands how many questions you are graded on.
It should be illegal to make 1 test worth 50% of the grade. Also, he made the largest HW assignment due during spring break. He ruined Machine Learning for me, but he seems like a nice guy.
Professor Rui is awful. I got 92% overall. But I got A-. To get an A in this course you have to score more than 94%!!!!. His grading is really poor. Without no where he will deduct your marks in HWs. He is also awful in communication. I emailed him several times but he never replied. I would recommend to avoid this professor.
Prof. Kuang really struggles to find an appropriate model (ironic) for teaching. Homework is overly work intensive to the point he has to constantly extend due dates. Concepts are cool, but he just throws equations at you, hopes it sticks. I would give an "OK" rating if it weren't for the part where he gave the longest homework over spring break.
Mistakes, mistakes, and mistakes! Tries to explain most of the concept from the mathmetical perspective (which is not bad). However, while going through the theoretical derivations, makes mistakes after mistakes! This turns the perspective non-comprehensible and attending the classes sometimes feels like a waste of time in the end.
His teaching is very boring and confusing. I am an international student and my email ID shows it clearly. I sent him an email and asked a question about a homework and he didn't answer. I send a similar question with an email I made with an American name and he answered me.
Lectures are not helpful in learning the material at all. He is difficult to understand due to his accent and mainly he just writes things on the board that are completely new to everyone and he expects everyone to already know how to do it. Quizzes every other Friday. They are annoying but not that hard and have an extra credit question. Weekly HW
Lectures are so boring. He is very unclear and reads right off the powerpoint. You will be more successful if you skip class and read the book and do the practice problems on your own. High recommend you get an alternative professor.
Small homework assignments weekly; quiz every other. 1 full sheet cheat sheet for the quizzes, but it usually won't help. Quizzes $ HW are hard. I looked up every question online & still couldn't get 100%'s on them. His accent is heavy & he reads directly off slides but doesn't explain or have any real world examples really. I DO NOT recommend.
Many students dropped out of class. Poor explanation of concepts and does not care whether students are with him during the explanation. Rude when some questions are intricate and threatens the student whether he attends every class.
Uses power point for class. Power point slides are congested, with lots of typos. Copy pastes material from book (as is). Explains book content as is, it is better to read the book, than attending his class. Uncertain course plan, first said there is project. Later, removed project without announcing in class. Does not answer questions clearly.
Favonia's lectures were basically just watching him code and trying to take in what he was doing with little explanation. His homework was often very unclear and almost every office hour was online.
Favonia was the most condescending professor I have known. He directly attacks students by saying things like - you are stupid, you do not understand things or stuff like that. He really lacks compassion, and does not put an effort to understand student's situations. It is very likely because of his difficulty communicating properly, but it sucks.
Favonia's class was poorly taught: unclear lectures, over emphasis on homework, and a convoluted grading system. The majority of lecture was spent answering questions because the initial explanation was so lacking. The only saving grace was that 2041 isn't actually that difficult of a class , even if OCaml is pointless to learn. Take someone else.
Actually, I think this is the first semester he starting teaching as professor. He has problem in the way he communicate, explain, lecture to students in class. I know he has been trying his best, but the students don't deserve to go to class and don't understand anything. Homeworks are all the way hard if you just read the notes,
Trying to reinvent the wheel with needlessly complicated syllabus. Inductive proofs for some reason when we spent an entire semester on those in 2011?????? You'll learn more from not going
Worst professor i've had in college thus far. During the lectures he sort of explains the content we must learn but he assumes you already know a bunch of other stuff therefore the material your learning doesn't make sense. He doesnt follow what he states in the syllabus, has the worst grading scale i've seen and no resources to learn outside class
No Textbook - You cannot learn anything that you fail to understand from the lecture Dumb Grade System - GPA min (HW, avg(HW, Test)), so if you dont do the homework you will fail You will learn more out of class than in the lecture.
Absolutely awful. By far the worst professor I have ever had. Needlessly complicated syllabus, refuses to use university tools, and refuses to work with students. I've had bad professors before but at least they tried. There is a petition to remove him from the university going around, and I very much hope that it passes.
Im so confused I dont even know what question to ask - (A poor soul sitting in the back of the class)
Terrible lecturer, confuses everyone. Best word to encapsulate this course is confusion.
AVOID!!
I got ghosted by him for half the semester for an assignment regrade. He said he would get it done but it appears he forgot about it even with reminders! Exams were tough, but he gave out a lot of partial credit. Lectures were generally a big mess.
Lectures were confusing and poorly organized. Best days were when guest lecturer taught! Very condescending professor who expects you to understand complex material right away. Exams are extremely difficult. Unreasonable amount of work for this class. Take ANY other professor if possible!!
Avoid this professor if you can. Lectures are chaotic and unorganized. Assignment instructions are confusing. Also he is not kind to students with disabilities.
don't understand what he teaches in class. I hope he can improve his lectures and make it more organized so students can understand what he says. Also posting hw on Fridays and send emails on Saturdays and holidays. I don't recommend this professor for now.
Completely unprepared for every lecture. Behind schedule by over a month. Writes over his own notes so everything becomes a mess within minutes. Doesn't explain what anything he is doing is used for. Does not respond to any emails. Basically, if you do not catch him in class you will not hear from him. Acts like he is above everyone and is snarky.
His lectures are enjoyable but they dont excuse his lack of organization and how poorly structured his class is. Never covered all the topics he promised but delayed assignments by months that were on much older topics. Avoid his class if you can
This class was a disaster. Deadlines were delayed months and the last third of the semester was never taught. The professor would be late in posting notes and assignments but would send snide emails about students who asked why the notes weren't up. A nightmare. Would not recommend this professor under any circumstances.
I have never had a professor so unprepared for a class. He didn't have a description nor a rubric for the project that is worth 20% of the grade. All we got was some examples from past years. Almost all his lectures were ripped directly from the book material with him adding very little. Save yourself a headache and take DB with Shana.
25% of students withdrew from this class. What else can I say.
Don't need to say what already has been said, just gonna add my yiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiikes here and move on. Do not take this guy's course. It's not worth hedging your grade on two midterms worth 60% total, where you have no idea what's going to be on them.
Teaching one thing, but test on another thing. You can get B even if you think you are well prepared and did well in assignments. Learned little from the class. The worst course I have ever taken.
He is a professor here solely for his research. He puts little to no effort in to teaching. His slides are straight from the book website and adds very little extra information. Be prepared to read the textbook thoroughly and know many definitions for tests. His definition of "non-cumulative" is also questionable.
Terrible lecturer who seems uninterested in the course. Doesn't bother making his own slides, just uses the one from the textbook website. Odd ideas on teaching, like refusing to post practice exams more than 24 hrs before a test. Relatively disorganized - no syllabus, no late policy, sa
Not Good.
1. He does not know what he is teaching. He is not even interested in teaching it. He starts his class by telling his days at Berkeley and how he knows a lot of famous people. Useless professor and guide. Dont take his course ever.
Absolutely terrible professor!Every CS students hates him, nobody suggest this professor. He answer the call in class, keeping going out for trip, stupid PHD TA will teach you instead. Very bad feedback, cut off your final. We suited him after final, let's fight for all CS students!!!!! It is the time to kick him out of this university!!!
Terrible professor. When lecturing, it's as if he's looking at the slides for the first time. Lectures typically don't pertain to the homework at all, he goes off on tangents about his research and career. He changed our final from 2 hours to 1 hour during the final. Do not take his course if you want to learn anything useful.
Very bad teacher. Seems like he only cares about his research and doesn't care about teaching. He cut the final exam time down to 1 hour, while in the syllabus and schedule it said 2 hours, never announced it through the forum or e-mail. So if you want to keep your GPA high and learn about databases, DO NOT take his class
He was not very clear on any of his lectures. Always went on useless tangents and examples. His slide useage seemed to be from a different professor and it was like he was reading them for the first time. Was not interesting in lecture and does not give reviews or clear answers on what the exams will be about. not a good professor I do NOT suggest!
Horrible teacher! Taking this class made me change my mind about doing a database emphasis. 100% agreed with all previous feedbacks. The semester is over and we still don't have grade for the second midterm (from March)... Just read all reviews and do not take his class
His class is messy and ridiculous, he is always talking something useless, such as the history of database, some famous people he know, there is no specific SQL practice in class. His TA is very lazy, it seems that the TA's hobby is to cancel office hour, the feedback is damn bad, you won't get your homework back unless tomorrow has an exam.
Bad lecture and TA, he makes the course very messy. What's more, there is no relationship between his lecture and homeworks, so his lecture is not helpful to your homeworks. You had better spend much time in studying by yourself
Has a bad habit of just reading from his lecture slides. Every time I had a question, he and one of the TAs both acted like Microsoft tech support, i.e. about as useful as talking to wallpaper.
Very unprepared for class, seemed to be seeing the slides for the 1st time during class. I had no problems with the grading or anything. The class just did not seem well planned out.
Although I got 100% in almost all the assignment, and I got A in all midterm exams but he put the final exam with unbalanced way and he didn't grade the project 10 days after the end of the semester.He usually comes to the lectures 5-15 minutes late. He completely depends on the textbook and its slides although they contain errors.
DONT' TAKE HIS COURSES. YOUR GPA WILL BE RUINED. TOTAL RANDOM GRADES. NO FEEDBACK ON ASSIGMENTS/PROJECTS.ONCE AGIAN, DON'T TAKE HIS COURSES.
Test Heavy, not recommended
His lectures are tough to understand. I rarely understand linear algebra through his lectures. I have to find TAs to help me understand. Also, the textbook he chooses is hard to understand as well. If you have to choose his course, try your best to make your cheat sheets as complex as possible.
Never answered questions in a helpful way, I learned more in my discussion than in lecture
Carl is by far the worst professor i have ever had. His lectures are very theorem heavy, and its better to just not go and self study. he does not make lecture videos free and instead asks for 400 dollars (100 follars for every credit) to get lecture videos the day of or get them 10 days later for free.
His instruction is hard to understand and he only goes through proofs during the whole lecture. We mainly learn it by reading the textbook ourselves or finding the TAs. Also, he provides no make-up quizzes.
Wow, what a terrible class. Lectures are absolute nonsense that no one can understand, what a waste of time. I stopped going. Prepare to teach yourself the material.
DO NOT take his class. His lectures are too theoretical and most people cannot understand what he is talking about. He will never use numerical examples. Most people giving good ratings here are Carl's fanboys. DO NOT listen to them! PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT take this class. YOU will be miserable.
Lectures are so theoretical. He never goes through example problems in lectures, so it is so much work to do the weekly homework. He might be smart, but not great at teaching at all. If you have an option to avoid him, please do that.
I don't mind tough home works and assignments, but man, Carl is definitely up there for top 2 worst CS lecturers. Maybe he's fine for other classes where you already know some of the general concept, but good luck trying to learn anything from his lecture
He only lectured on theory and did not go over examples using real numbers so lectures were confusing and not helpful. Otherwise the class was relatively easy by using the textbook and internet. If you don't want to teach yourself the material, I would suggest taking this class with another professor.
I'm a student who've learned Lin. Alg. in a college before. It wasn't easy, but I attentive in class and passed with an A. So I join Carl's class, same topic, what could go wrong? BIG problems: ALL theory, NO numeric examples; uses the time instead to reiterate the last lecture. You're taught almost nothing. From me with an avg 3.6 GPA, beware.
The lectures are through UNITE so there's absolutely no interaction between Carl and his students. Worst class I've ever taken. He expects us to follow along but everything is so abstract.
Ironically for a class called Linear Algebra, his lectures are so circular and abstract that you finish the video wondering what the whole point was. He expects you to do most of the learning from the textbook which is usual, but his lectures do not supplement the info from the textbook, sometimes it just makes it more confusing.
Lectures are very abstract and very difficult to learn from him. Just avoid him at all costs. You'll thank me later. Also, an A is 95% or above.
Had him last semester for 4041 totally awful experience. Havent learned anything due to his lectures being super abstract, confusing and extremely difficult to follow along as he doesnt provide concrete examples. Hes not clear with whats sections the lecture covers so youll always end up confused. Avoids his classes
A lot of people are saying it's because the class was online, but I'm convinced he just hit tenure and just doesn't care anymore. Lectures were absolutely awful and unfortunately the textbook isn't great either. Homeworks are incredibly confusing and uninspired since they're ripped straight out of the textbook. Tests are nod terrible, but do study
I've heard better about in person, but online this class was useless. It was so disorganized the discussions weren't helpful, most of the time lecture was unhelpful for the assignments as well as the tests.
I took his class during pandemic, so I am not sure how he deals with the lecture in-person. His midterm was doable and the final was crazy. None of the problems were not straightforward, so you should not expect that you can get some ideas from the homework. Thanks Abdul Bari. You don't take any money, but you taught me very well.
For students who don't have a strong background in algorithms, you will most likely be lost in his course. The lecture is dry and really focuses on deep materials with heavy mathematic. He is easy with testing, but I don't expect to get much knowledge from his way of teaching.
The other reviews on this page seem to show that he's pretty good in person, but DO NOT take an ONLINE course with him. Pre-recorded lectures instead of using zoom and disorganized/unclear presentation of the material make it a bad experience. I do not feel I have learned much from taking this course. Stick to in-person only or AVOID HIM.
DO NOT TAKE HIS ONLINE CLASS!!! I don't know where his confidence comes from but he does a terrible job in online classes. He is a very old-schooled and stubborn professor.
Nothing learned from the class
Never choose him for the online class. Nothing learned from the class
The lectures are completely useless and abstract. Grade is based on weekly quizzes, two questions and twenty points each, lowest two quizzes dropped, and a final exam. Grade is on an absolute scale and 95% is needed for an A (average of 19/20 on all the quizzes). Final is like 40% of your grade. Material is relatively easy but the lectures are bad.
Lectures were hard to follow and did not help with quizzes. Just read the textbook. Discussion was the only time I felt like I learned. Grade was based entirely on weekly quizzes and the final. Each quiz was unpredictable and stressful. Practice problems from the textbook were nearly useless without a key. Was often condescending towards questions.
No homework, just weekly quizzes. Terrible lecturer if you aren't into Discrete Mathematics. Goes into way too abstract topics because this stuff really is too simple for him. Just study off the book and watch Youtube and you'll be fine. Final is graded a bit harder, but same level of difficulty as the quizzes.
I don't understand anything if I go to class, in fact, I understand more by studying myself.
Perhaps the most useless lectures I've ever attended. The material Carl lectured on had nothing to do with what was on the quizzes. Additionally, no one ever knew what the quizzes would be on since they were cumulative from the start of the semester. Having the grade solely based on 11 quizzes and the final was rather absurd and frustrating.
A very boring class. Skipped all the useful chapters and left all the math and proof. Need to do work to survive quizzes and the final. Part of the final is super easy but need to study super hard to get A or A-.
I don't know why he is so highly rated. I found his style boring, unclear, and off the tangent all the time. Linear Algebra is simply not his thing. Take this class if you want an easy A; if you want to learn anything about Linear Algebra, don't (go with Prof Saad or Park instead).
Taking the class with Carl you are almost guaranteed to pass based on how he structures things if you put in the work and do practice problems. Although I prefer a professor who actually teaches the material. I hope to god none of this material comes back because I doubt I learned a thing from his lectures. Not sure why I bothered going to lecture.
Taken three classes with Carl because I know I'll pass, but I frankly had to teach myself from the book. His lectures are not modular and span across essential and unessential materials (proofs), he drones on and on with no visuals. His style is old fashioned where he makes you take notes with no ref. powerpoint. His classes r always painful for me
Sturtivant is a waste of life oxygen thief who has no business being anywhere near students. He is disrespectful and derogatory towards undergrads and his grading is unfair at best.
A very bad professor!!! The test is very hard and the knowledge he taught was very easy!!!
The class is not difficult at all but the prof make getting A difficult. The prof and his TA graded the assignments by extreme subjective attitude and the grading scale is violated with the one he posted before. Tricky exams and the standard answer is different from the knowledge he taught in the lecture. NOT recommended
Although he looks friendly, he is a man of neither politeness nor patience. Many people get A in this course, not because he teaches well Mainly because he will put all the content on the website in advance. When you email him, you will find how impolite he is.
The most rude and unrespectable professor I've had in my 4 college years. He has a nature of condescending the students who are struggling, and they deserve to be treat horriblely, and thus they shall be dropping the course.
Good Professor, but a very rude person.
The only good point is that he has the practice exam (which is only one third of the real one). Otherwise, too bad to describe!
He's just not worst professor but not better anyway.
The test is ridiculous unrelated to what he taught in class. Better study your projects to understand the exams.
He tries to get everything in just one small semester that make the workload becomes ridiculously heavy. His way of giving point to some of his favored students will make you understand what is the inequality of this class. Good luck if you're those students next semester!
He has nothing more than just copying the textbook's content. Better read the textbook than listening to him. Very disrespectful when students suggest him some way that he could improve his teaching method. A hard class, be prepared!
Most of his lectures are just a copy version from textbook and does not have any of his creations.
Avoid this professor, the book teaches you the topics better, the professor notes and writing on the board are unreadable
Avoid this professor at all costs! The lectures are not helpful as he talks super fast and goes on random tangents. The assignments and exams do not follow the textbook as he writes the questions himself. All his uploaded notes and lectures are indecipherable TLDR: If you want to hate your life for a semester and tank your GPA, take Cole Wyeth.
I have never seen such a bad teacher, his lectures are useless, but he will make the quiz very difficult even if you read and understand the textbook material carefully. As a new teacher who just graduated, shouldn't he put himself in the students' shoes. Stay away from this teacher and hope he doesn't teach this class again!
He didnt teach anything in class dont expect to learn anything from his lecture. Even you study hard his quizzes are way harder than you expected. You only have quiz and final exam. If you want to fail this class take it with him.
Homeworks have very low weightage, most of the grade is based on the mid term and final exam. Exams are long & time consuming. I did not learn much from the course, neither did I find the lectures interesting. This seems like a GIS course, I do not understand why they are listing it in CSCI. I would avoid this course and the instructor.
Professor wrote the textbook, but hardly uses it. Lectures cover many topics, but hardly give you real definitions or approaches for how to solve any problems. Tests and assignments are written with no effort. I learned little, this wasted my time. The only thing that made this course difficult was the lack of a real professor (not a researcher).
Don't even know where to begin on this class. Most frustrating professor to deal with, and his lectures are all snooze fests from start to finish, the slides being the exact same as the textbook. An unserious class that took way more effort than needed, and ironic that a database management systems class is unorganized.
The most disorganized overly-organized class. Homework amount was disproportionate for only 3 credits. Boring course.
Unorganized, unprofessional, and extremely boring are the 3 most accurate words to describe this course. There were always numerous errors in the exams, homework, and even solutions, that if you don't catch them on your own or are not aware of the announcements, you're screwed! And if that's not crazy enough, midterm and final is 30% each!
The most disorganized class I have ever taken. There are 5 TAs and a professor yet he has the students check his homework assignments ahead of time to make sure there aren't errors in it? The material is fairly easy and pretty applicable, just made difficult by poor lectures and organization. I do not go to lectures because they are dry and slow.
Extremely disorganized. The TA's don't know what they are doing. There are so many typos on the exams, homeworks and labs. Grading criteria is very vague. 30% of our grade is a single exam....?!?! The homework's are so unnecessarily long. For our exam, we were interrupted like 6 times for TA's and professor's to clarify mistakes. Don't take him.
Great researcher, pretty bad at teaching and managing a class. Ambiguous, wishy-washy question writing on assignments and exams, a super wide coverage of course content but not big in depth. Sadly the TA did not help this semester and was also guilty of pulling out some random substantiation for a claim when convenient.
An extremely rude individual who just looks down upon other people and professions. Is quite outdated in his knowledge of the subject and latest industry practices. Should be more humble.
Lectures are mostly pointless and boring. Getting a good grade on the exams is what your grade is based on because the class in on a curve and everyone gets A's on the homeworks. The exams cover topics he glossed over in lecture and is long. I spent days preparing for the exams and still did not get a good grade. Tests cover so much material.
Exams are unnecessarily long. No calculator allowed on exam but large calculations are required. Homeworks are on the easy side however the entire class is graded on a curve and everyone does well on the homeworks... so your entire grade is dependent on your test results. Lectures are really boring, most of the class stopped attending
Exams far too long and worth too much of your grade @ 60%. Boring powerpoint lectures. Life is short, avoid this class. Self study the topics instead and take another class.
Projects are hardly worth the effort required, and don't contribute to learning the material like the labs do. They are overly complicated, not even in difficulty, just way too many things to do, and the instructions are like reading a book with vague suggestions and expectations. Overall bad time.
Lectures are him just talking, going on tangents, and writing code on paper. He doesn't get the concept that some students aren't just kids who live on campus, so he makes his am students come in on a day they don't have class to test at 630-830 pm. Also gives a lot of push back to students who need to use the disability resource center for exams.
Points taken off from the midterm on the last day of class are not visible, so regrades have to be done in the next semester. He said he was embarrassed to show his exams to other profs because they were "so easy", but the average score was 60% on the last midterm. The other prof curved the grades while he didn't.
Really mid professor. Classes is difficult since both exams are around 50-60% of the grade. There are 2 exams but the class is set up where each exam is it's own category. So both exams are not in 1 exam category but instead each are it's own 20-25% category. Had all labs finished and good scores on projects and was not able to pass.
This was the worst professor I have ever had. He would ramble about random stuff for all of the lectures (not available online), complain about how he had too many students, and projects were so difficult and the TAs were not helpful and were just a small portion of the grade. You have to write code on midterms by hand. I did not learn anything.
No grading criteria in the syllabus so you don't know what you're getting yourself into. Midterm averages were around 70% and there is still no curve. IDK how I got an A but if there is any other prof teaching this go for them!! I heard James Moen's class only had 3 projects and 2 midterms -- both of which way easier & they still learned more
I found instructions on projects and labs to be very vague. Exams are hand written. Questions had very little to do with understanding the concept and I found them to be tricky instead. Exams would be much easier if he had given access to an IDE. I can't think of any real life advantage of being able to recall and write code from memory on a paper.
About half the class is failing and he doesn't care at all. Doesn't explain well in lectures and he dosent prepare you for his tests.
Awful Professor. Doesnt care about his students and grades only by tests. Lectures are mediocre at best, for some reason he doesn't use computers and only writes code on paper or whiteboard.
The worst computer science professor that I have had. The project took like forever, and somewhat only worth 20% of the total grades. Moreover, he will report anyone at the slightest hint of cheating even if you didn't. Also, he does not report people immediately, he wait until the end of the semester to do so. Letting people helping you is cheatin
The structure of this course is horrible. The 5 projects assigned, that take you numerous days to complete, are each worth 4% of your grade. While the three Midterms that you are allowed to take in 50 minutes are each worth 20% of your grade. Lots of people complained about this, and Dovolis didn't change class. Does not go in-depth with lectures
He reported like a third of the class for cheating, when I'm certain 70% of them didn't actually cheat. And those who did cheat seriously were punished as much as those who either cheated mildly. Projects aren't worth enough of the grade. They take up 80% of the time in this class but are only worth 20% of the grade. Super boring lecture as well.
You'll definitely need to stay on top of the material in this class, as there's almost always a project or exam coming up. Aside from misleading / strangely-worded questions on exams, be careful not to make mistakes or you may be accused of cheating with no way of convincing the professor otherwise. Unfortunately a common problem across the years.
Never have I been scared of a professor so much. I hated his exams so much. I studied about 60-70 hours for each midterm. His questions are very badly worded. Heavily depends on TAs. TA's prepare projects and exams from base and grade it. He isn't empathetic to peoples condition and reports people at the slightest hint of cheating,even if you didnt
The projects, lectures, and homework don't line up at all. Exams are also very different from the stuff in the textbooks and homework.
If you have a chance of taking a different professor, please do. Dovolis is not "horrible", but he is definitely not a professor I would take again. His tests are random and his practice problems have little to do with them. Projects and labs are the only thing I like about this class. Lectures are hard to follow considering he messes up a lot. No.
Tried Dovolis again and it was the same crap again. Lectures were decent but the grading criteria was badly weighted and the class was very disorganized. Even though he's a nice guy, he is just not a good teacher. He will not properly prepare you for 4061 which you will take next. Take it with Kauffman or wait a semester. Not worth the pain.
No. Just no. Don't do it. Wait another semester and get a better teacher or take 1913. The grading criteria is whack. One 50 minute midterm full of random trick questions worth more than 5 projects combined which take like 15-20 hours each. Could go on and on, but this should be enough to convince you not to take this professor.
Absolutely TERRIBLE. Cannot give a good midterm to save his life; midterm will never look like any homework you receive before. Doesn't help you prepare for midterms properly at all. Doesn't use technology at all; you have to go to lectures or else you will not get good notes, and even then, he backtracks so much you get so confused. 0/10
Lecture quality is hit or miss depending on the topic. Assignments and projects in this course were actually much better at teaching and testing the material, but Dovolis wasn't involved much with those. The grading of the course was particularly egregious: A project taking 20 hrs work is worth less than 3 1hr labs or a 3hr written assignment.
Quite bad at explaining things. Constantly rewinds to correct himself- usually a student who noticed. It was often hard for me to put lecture material in context, with respect to projects. Lecture notes just became todo lists for what youtube videos to watch. Also pretty arrogant.
Took class with him twice. Don't do that. I wanted to like him. Kept lectures engaging. Never taught what was on the test. He sought to set the average at the pass-fail border with no curve. So, everyone below the average, assumedly half, received no credit for the class. Mosey through the labs and projects. Focus your real attention on the tests.
Dovolis acts like a great professor when he lectures. Although he is arrogant, he does present materials clearly. That being said, it feels as if he has no control of what is going on in the class. He does not go over all of the materials that will be on an exam, yet he jokes about not having to read the text book. DO NOT TAKE A COURSE WITH HIM!
Be prepared to fail an exam or get a low enough grade to question what the heck you are doing wrong. The projects and labs are easily doable if you put enough time in, heck you can even get A's on every assignment. If you arent great at taking exams, you better go ask his current TAs how and what to study, because the exams are 70% of your grade.
if you see his name, do not take his class. Chris is literally the worst professor i have ever met in my life. Lazy, arrogant, not helpful, not responsible. I learn most things in this class from TAs. He should retire.
Should have read review before taking the class. 1) posted a lot of example but never go over them in lecture. 2) arrogant for sure. 3) lectures go off topic a lot. This is what I hated the most: grade exam in a ridiculous way. Regrades are not possible. One whole project one trick question on the 50 minutes exam? TA really helps but not him.
Regardless of the professor you take for 1933, you'll have to put your "time in" to grade well. No problem there. However, what's frustrating about Dovolis is his laziness/integrity/arrogance. He says an item will be graded a certain way on the exam only to have the TA grade it differently. Afterwards he shrugs his shoulders and replies "oh well."
I was really excited to take this course, however I am unfortunately writing this as I had one of the worst experiences taking a college class. Professor Dovolis's "out to fail you" attitude after the first midterm really resonated in both lecture and in grading. You know something is wrong with the guy when his goal is to fail most of the class.
I would give him a zero if I could. He is unprofessional and lazy when it comes to teaching. His tests are extremely difficult and are meant to trick you. I would not mind tricky test's, as long as you teach the material well, which he certainly did not. I just wish he would retire so students can actually learn from a better teacher.
If you're planning to take Dovolis for Java, PLEASE switch the class while you're in time. The class was very poorly organized, there are only 2 midterms in total that WILL make or break your grade, both are very very specific and the grading is terrible. You will be thrown into a lab assuming you know java immediately. Do not recommend.
Dovolis is beautiful as human being, a complete failure as a professor. Please learn Java this summer if your reading this before the class. This class is full of Java students that will mess up the curve and make you look bad. It also doesn't help that dovolis is a complete loser when it comes to teaching. Read and practice before you start class!
There are only two tests that pretty much determine your grade and they're ridiculously tricky and specific. He literally just shows up for lecture and wrote the tests. He also doesn't post answer keys for the practice exams he posts. I emailed him and asked him for one and he responded that "posting them would be a disservice". Lazy and unhelpful
I heard that dovolis used to be an amazing professor. I guess somewhere down the line he just lost the passion to teach. The TAs were responsible for the whole class. The only thing he did was lecture and write tests. You could see in the way he lectures that he does not want to teach anymore, which explains why he has become a horrible professor.
If you have not known Java for at least 3 years, you are screwed. It's kind of the universities fault for not testing out students who already know java and data structures since they were 9 years old. Anyway, if you do not know java, do not worry or change your major when you get a C or below. His tests are ridiculously tricky and confusing. Luck!
Worst professor I've ever had. Homework and lab assignments do not reflect the course. 10% of our grade was based on 15 possible points. That alone should be an indication of the low level of the preparedness of Dovolis. His lectures are hard to follow, and will discuss the homework topics AFTER they've already been due for a week. AVOID HIM!
Dovolis makes it difficult to score an A in 1933 unless you have previous programming experience. With concerted effort, it's possible to earn 100% of the possible points in the lab and assignments. However, that's worth only 50% of the course. The remaining part of your grade is earned from exams, which are very difficult without experience.
this guy was just terrible. lectures never helped in lab or homework assignments. his midterms were poorly written and 50 mins wasnt enough time to do a good job on them. the only thing that helped me in this class was reading the book and having a capable lab partner.
He does not write all of his homework assignments, and he has his TA's grade EVERYTHING! I honestly don't know what he even does as a professor.. because he only has a couple office hours! I don't think he's a very hard-working professor for this course, I've had professors that put in way more effort. I don't learn from him I learn from TA's.
His lectures are fine, but his tests are very different. Like everyone said, he explains the concepts long after the assignment is done. He doesn't curve the tests although his TAs said he would. I had 89.6 and I eventually ended up getting a B, I cant complain cause I didnt go over 90 anyway. Take his class as S/N that way your grades would be ok.
The prof is very unorganized and doesn't explain clearly in the class on time. He explained the stuff required for the lab after we submitted the lab. The tests weren't hard, but the things he taught in the class doesn't cover the test well. You need a solid study group to do well. He doesn't curve any of his tests. Overall He's OK.
Chris is a poor lecturer who rambles over whatever topics he feels are relevant, then tests and assigns work on different material. It was not uncommon to have labs on material he had either ignored entirely or delayed until after the lab section met. Tests were equally scatterbrained, with intentionally obtuse questions. AVOID!
Seemed like a nice teacher, but I didn't think he was that great a teacher, and he wasn't very convincing when trying to explain the importance of learning scheme.
Everything about this course is a mess, every lecture is basically him reading word by word from the textbook(except he misses the main point 50% of the time). Homework and test often include content that was barely touched on or mentioned at all. Never gets answer from piazza, and wrong homework solution was posted(1 day before exam)
Poor slides, overpacked & confusing. Thick accent, hard to understand. TAs poorly informed. Grading incredibly late (3+ weeks). Exams had topics that were hardly touched on with no examples. Very painful class to take. People stopped showing to class because of how useless they were. Expectations are high though content is poorly presented.
Worst lectures I have ever had. Homeworks were fair but one of the lab assignments was just difficult and weird. Grading was incredibly slow and the class felt disorganized.
Chang Ge's lectures are incredible, he might've found the cure to insomnia! I've never seen so few people paying attention in a lecture before, and that's just the 20 people that actually bother to show up of the 120 of us. Overall, his course has been super disorganized and miserable. I've never been more excited for a class to be over.
THEY NEVER RESPONSE TO ANY PIAZZA QUESTIONS. There is NO point in Piazza for this class. Aswell as the fact that they take FOREVER to grade what only is about 8 assignments the ENTIRETY of the semester. half the assignments he doesn't even grade until after the semester ends.
This is one of the worst teachers ive had in my entire time in CS.. I can't fathom but say that this professor officially made me hate SQL, and databases. SQL and databases are known to be an "easier" topic to learn in CS compared to other topics, lectures where u learn nothing, and horrible grading system. Please never take a course with this prof
Professor is very disorganized and hard to understand in lecture due to a very thick accent. Grades were always several weeks (even months) late and there were very few assignments. 25% final. Bad response time and help from TAs on piazza. No clarification on grading. Frequently incorrect solutions provided to homeworks.
Very bad at answering questions. Bad lectures as well.
Shana is the most condescending and least accommodating prof Ive ever had. She starts out every class complaining about stuff like people using Zoom and the work ethic of the students as a whole. She never has a good attitude, every announcement is sent out with a tone as if we did something wrong. I would avoid her at all costs.
Class content isn't bad, but Shana is very rude to students to the point where I wasn't comfortable asking questions because she would throw a fit. Also, she would ramble on about pretty simple concepts which would make me more confused than before. TAs in this class at least grade pretty easy, but Shana won't if she grades your work. Avoid her.
Very passive-aggressive and cynical. Treat students better.
she talked about quantum stuff in a Python class, my brain get fairly fried. Lectures does not help much as I was learning by myself at 80% of the time, but lectures are still mandatory. Classroom too crowded and too small with a ton of students.
Shana or someone she knows reports all negative reviews on this page to get them removed. I know a decent number of people who have left her mediocre or negative reviews and all of them have been deleted. I found her to be rude and disorganized in my class. Do not trust the 4.5 on this site, this review will likely be removed in the next day.
Allan responds negatively to feedback. Coursework is not relevant to industry.
worst professor i EVER had! he talks a lot during lecture but say nothing useful. i learned everything in this class on my own, final project has little to no instructions. he blamed it on him having a things going on in his personal life(which is fair)but doesn't excuse the fact that he wasted everyones time. 92.99 and refused to curve to 93 bsffr
This guy will suck the joy you have left for computer science. His lectures make you think you're having a stroke because that's how bad they are. The homework assignments were difficult, but the midterms were not that bad. Overall, if you can avoid this class, do so for your own mental health.
He is not well prepared for the amount of workload that he is giving to students. The class is fast-paced compared to other 2041 classes and homework-heavy. The final project was a mess. The TAs couldn't help with it and he wasn't uploading the instructions on time. He had to drop the final 20% of our grade because of all the complaints.
for this sem, its still the same with whatever comments ur reading; except that this time, he decided to give a 20% final proj with unclear instructions and that none of the TA knew how to solve. his slides r bad for 2041. its just codes without much explanation. for the exams, idk what im doing. i just memorized the ans of the mock paper he gave
His lectures are boring and unclear. HW and final project follow this theme as well. The Final Project doesn't have any structure. The writeup for the final project is scattered between 20 canvas pages and the TAs don't understand it thus getting help is impossible. Avoid him if you would like to keep your sanity and pass with a good grade.
Joosten is very kind and is a very intelligent professor. That being said his class is VERY difficult. The final project (which other sections do not have) is one extremely poorly setup, two way beyond the scope of a lower division course, three most TA's don't know how to help with the project.
A terrible professor that just wants to sabotage your semester. There isn't much else to add here, since everyone else has said what I'd already say. Unless you're into hurting yourself, do me a favor and steer clear if you see "Joosten" as the professor for any class you want to take. I bet he'd even make a deadly project for a gym class.
absolutely awful, the projects are unbearable and make you want to question all of your life choices. the grading is unreasonbale and not clear, the homeworks are doable but way to complicated. if you're going to take this buy gallons of lube.
His teaching style must change if he is to continue. Still dont understand how the university has done nothing after the initial wave of negative reviews of his. He is confusing, does not have a relatable, standard sense of communication, meaning he is just plain wrong with any of his convictions about a course. Needs to be fired!
Avoid this professor at all costs, especially if you value your grades and your mental health. He's nice but he's made one of the easiest courses in CS so hard, and it's so unfair knowing no one else has dealt with this. He's made a final project that's 5000-level coursework 20% of our grade, and has barely provided any guidance and time to do it.
While Sebastiaan is a nice guy one on one, the final project has been impossible to understand and is making many people fail and drop out of the course. I personally have gotten all As in my undergraduate career, and in this class I anticipate getting a C. If your grade, understanding, and mental health are important to you: AVOID THIS PROFESSOR.
The best thing you can do in this class is not to take it altogether (if he's teaching). Its structure hinders TA's from providing assistance, and the project is overly complex for a 2xxx-level course. Seeking help from the professor adds to the confusion. The best part is this wasn't an issue in past 2041 courses, so dodge this bullet of a class.
Goes through concepts at lightning speed, TA's are clueless, professor was understanding however. This should be a graduate-level course. Everything derailed right about now when we had to do the final project. I wish we were given documentation for the final project or it was explained better. We were thrown into the sea with no swimming skills.
This class was okay until the final project began and has since become the worst class experience I have ever had. The information is incredibly messy and disorganized. Even emailing the professor has been in vain, as it seems he doesn't entirely know what is going on either.
The professor was okay until the final project was released to work on. There has been little to no guidance on a project that is significantly different from the rest of the content in the course. The explanations, when there are any, tend to not help in understanding of what is supposed to be done for the project.
Whatever you do, avoid this professor at all costs. He has no clue how to teach and just goes through topics at breakneck speed. Also, the final project is nearly impossible to do because the TAs have no clue what is going on, and the professor doesn't know how to explain anything at all. For your mental health, please take another professor.
I do not think he is a good explainer, and also not good at connecting with and helping students. The first part of the course you can get through if you pay attention to the textbook since lectures are useless for that part, and it is fairly easy. For the final project, there is really not any resources. It is very difficult. Would not recommend.
Not very good at explaining concepts at all. I feel like he expects his students to get exactly what he is talking about right away even though he explains things so abstractly. His write ups for homeworks/projects/labs are always confusing. Usually takes a few read overs to even understand what the objective is. Lectures are confusing/boring.
From the beginning of the semester, it is only getting worse. Homework becomes more challenging and confusing. The final project is a complete mess. One and only one thing this class will give you is a depression.
Terrible! Never take him! He does not know how to explain any concepts, and expects you to know everything. The final project for his class is way too hard for a 2000 level class.
For many of us new to functional programming, it's hard to follow him when he doesn't start explaining from the most primary building blocks, refuses to go through code in greater detail, and expresses his thoughts in a confusing way. His homework are often too hard/vague for the amount of time, esp the final project that even TAs dont quite get.
Joosten is a nice guy, lectures are basically useless even though they are required for a grade. Along with this the homeworks and final project have very little information. He basically tells you to do something while giving you 0 starting point and not even explaining how you would even think about starting.
This professor has made what should've been one of more easier classes in the major, into a massive struggle just to pass the WEEKLY HW's, much less the exams. His lectures are VERY unclear, and the TAs can barely keep up as well. I was unfortunately forced to take him since he was the only one teaching. Don't take him if you have the option to.
Just please don't take him for the sake of your mental health. CSCI 2041 is meant to be the easiest class in computer science and he makes it the hardest class ever with every homework as big as full projects. And he doesn't know how to teach at all (thinks everyone knows everything).
Pretty bad. Second time having him. Lectures are a messy and the final project was unbelievably confusing. TA's didn't even know what to do.
I would strongly urge you to avoid this professor. The lectures are boring and unorganized, the exams are difficult and have no correlation to the course content, and the average exam score is always around 20/30. Do yourself a favor and not take this professor's 2041 to save your gpa.
He is a nice guy, but very disorganized. Get ready to spend a lot of time outside the class with TAs. I found lectures not helpful at all for homework and midterms. Homeworks: not returned in a timely manner, no solutions posted which made it hard to prepare for the midterm Midterms: 50 minutes, not enough space, too many questions No extra credit.
First he is a great guy, but please do not take him. He has unclear direction on many of the homeworks that even TA's could not explain to me. His lectures are useless compared to the discussion sections. Even for a discrete course the questions are extremeley difficult. Only really good thing is the practice exam is similar to the exam.
Very mid. Honestly try to take someone else if you can. Lectures are super boring and useless, YouTube will teach you more.
This guy has ruined my summa cum laude gpa. Plz don't take him! He's is terrible in teaching.
Hes nice though but not worth the stress. He just finds someone else's slides and reads them I think because there is always mistakes on slides and he just says oops. He confuses me more than I need to be. I had to just watch random people on Youtube and Khan Aca. AVOID if you can.
Just terrible! Avoid this guy
Professor Joosten is a nice guy. However, the majority of the class including myself taught ourselves the material through a youtube playlist from a different professor at another school. His lectures were useless but his tests weren't unpredictable. His tests were almost identical to the practice exams he gave. However, the material is difficult.
If you happen to be a mathematics major taking this CSCI course, I'm sure you will be fine, if not good luck. Sebastiaan is too smart to teach this class. He makes everything much more complicated than it has to be, and teaches a lot outside of the typical discrete math curriculum. If it were up to me, he should just go back to Dartmouth.
Quite possibly the worst class/professor in the Computer Science department, maybe even the school. He teaches as if he is speaking to robots who can remember infinite theorems in incomprehensible notations. There is no instruction on problem solving, nor do most of the TA's provide good insight on this.
If you don't have to, don't.
The average score on the first exam was 69%. This exam was worth 25% of the total grade and there was no curve because the professor "does not believe in curves".
The class with Joosten is simply miserable. I really cannot advise anyone else hard enough to STAY AWAY.
The guy simply cannot teach. Take the class with anyone else. The entirety of your grade is based on exams for which you will be ill prepared, and then to make it even better, Joosten is against curves!
this man can not teach. good luck!
Sebastiaan makes his course demoralizing. He sets the bar so high and never checks to see if maybe he's moving too quickly or if he should provide more examples to solidify learning. By the time you think you begin to have a basic grasp of any one topic, you'll be whisked away to another. Even the most passionate CS students will suffer.
The only way to understand the material is by having a good TA
Good luck with this one. He clicks through his slides and expects you to just know the material.
Just not a good teacher
Sebastiaan Joosten can make addition seem complicated. He finds the simplest concepts such as BigO Notation and explains them using the most complex definitions without explaining examples or what it actually means. Avoid him at all costs and I pray for this man to get fired. He is a great man but he should stick to research not teaching.
It really is unfortunate that Joosten is so bad at teaching, because he does seem to be a decent guy. You will likely be able to follow the first two lecture slides, and then after that he will completely lose you. The homework is basically impossible to do on your own. It's amazing how you can be more confused after lecture than you were before.
Sebastiaan is a great guy and all, but this guy can not teach. Luckily this course is not too difficult so I am able to get by, however, I spend lots of time reading the book since I do not understand anything he teaches in this class. Please save yourself the pain and do not take any courses with him teaching. I hope he gets fired.
I have never once understood what this man is trying to explain. He seems like a great guy and is very smart but he does not know how to teach. At all. The subject matter could be interesting but he makes it so confusing it's terrible. Don't take this class with him.
It shows that he's a very passionate guy about his field but his teaching methods made me want to pull my hair out.
Genuinely the worst teacher I've ever had. He also refuses to curve and has very ambitious expectations for problems you are expected to complete. Just avoid taking him at all costs.
Ruined my semester. He doesn't teach, he screenshots the textbook and reads it to us, never going through hw problems or potential test questions and showing us how he assesses us. Thus lecture is useless. I have taught myself everything through Youtube. Grading is inconsistent across the TA's. This class should NOT be as hard as he has made it.
While obviously an amazing computer scientist and mathematician, Professor Joosten is simply out of touch with mere mortal students, and what should be an enjoyable relatively straightforward course has become the bane of the existence of many prospective programmers' technical GPAs. Shrugs off D+ midterm class average with no curve offered.
At this point, if your only option for this class is to take with Joosten, do not take the class. Just wait for another semester. It is seriously not worth the pain and GPA hit that you would inevitably get by taking this class with him. He is terrible at teaching the concepts and will not curve. You will give maximal effort and still get a C.
Please save yourself and do not take 2011 or any class with him.
Joosten really does have no redeeming qualities as a teacher. He cannot teach- lectures are so bad its laughable. These terrible lectures lead homeworks to be very difficult and exams the same. A possible solution to counteract his own incompetence in teaching would be to curve, but Joosten refuses to do this.
Professor Joosten does not know how to teach. He also said does not believe in curves for dumb reasons. DO NOT take 2011 with him.
awful class. Joosten is against curves for silly reasons. He also has no conception of how to actually TEACH.
Jootsten you seem like a decent bloke but man is your class awful. First off your lectures are almost entirely pointless. It seems as if he takes the exact words from the textbook and puts in a slideshow and calls it a day. Secondly the lad has the audacity to make tests 75% of our grade even though he teaches niche in class. Not a proper lad!!!!
Complete incompetence as an instructor. You will have to teach yourself EVERYTHING. The lectures are so useless.
This class is nothing short of torture. Homework assigned after lecture basically amounts to flopping around for hours at a time, because you will know next to nothing useful about the material after Joostens lectures. Some problems are many many steps, and Joosten demonstrates none of it.
Joosten puts walls of text copy and pasted from the book on the slides and then goes through them at light speed. he assigns homework after every lecture that I have to teach my self because he cant teach. It's clear that he's a smart man but he is the worst teacher I have ever had.
The lectures in this class are comically bad. Every class he copies and pastes huge chunks of information/proofs from the book that nobody in the class will be able to follow and absolutely not be able to understand. As an added bonus, the class moves at an extreme pace with homework after each lecture (which you probably won't be able to do).
Professor Joosten seems to think that since he understands the concepts he's teaching, they have to be easy to understand and he won't have to spend much time explaining them at all. His lectures go at light speed brushing over essential topics that he won't bother to explain, then assigns homework every lecture so that you have to teach yourself.
Awful at teaching, awful course structure, and words questions on exams in an extremely confusing way. Avoid at all costs.
Tests are worth 75 percent and he "teaches" you by showing parts of the textbook and racing through it all. Everyone in the class is extremely lost and he went the whole semester ignoring raised hands and continued to keep rapidly going through examples. Would prefer to teach myself and just read the textbooks since that's all he teaches. dont take
One of the worst professors I've ever had. Basically just uses everything from the book with no original material with the possible exception of the exams. Everything is fast-paced with no in-depth explanation. He blasts through the examples without checking if the class even understands what is going on. Also, tests are 75% of the grade!
Joosten seems like a decent and intelligent guy, but the class is simply awful. You learn essentially nothing from his lectures and will have no idea how to do any of the homework afterwards. His 2011 makes me miss Calc 2 and physics.
Sebastiaan does not take the time to make sure any students are actually learning the material and uses slides that are straight from the textbook. He knows what he is talking about but could not explain it for the life of him. The homework and examples he gives are nothing like the tests and even the TAs for this class knows you will struggle.
Do not take the class with him. He is awful at actually teaching the material in a comprehensible way- basically copy pastes very dense chunks of information(straight from the textbook) that are going to be extremely hard to decipher.
His lecture's make you more confused about the topic then when you entered the classroom and his exams do not line up with the material given in class. I would avoid him at all cost even if you know the material already he makes you write in his own style so regardless of if you already know C++ it will be difficult.
Lectures did not line up with assignments assigned making course very confusing. Restricted methods and only wanted us to use his specific style.
Avoid at all costs. Please take any other professor available. I considered going to normandale and I've always hated that school. I wouldn't mind having an illiterate person teach the course and It wouldn't make a difference.
csci 1113 is literally the worse class ever please do not take this class. take csci 1133 instead. the amount of time i have cried because of this class. homework is due on friday so say goodbye to any social life. most TAs are full of themselves and make you feel very stupid.
I took a previous and this class was HELL
CSCI 1113 may as well be a 3000-level class as far as Wrenn is concerned. Rather than teaching an intro class how to code, makes jokes about the pitfalls of windows 98's memory kernel. Gives freshman linear algebra-solving algorithm assignments for weekly projects. This class almost made me submit a transfer application to the Carlson School. AVOID
If you do not know how to code DO NOT take this class. He is too advanced of a prof to be teaching an intro class. Most the students know how to code, he doesn't go over stuff for beginners. His TA's are cocky and rude, make you feel stupid for asking questions or not knowing how to do the assignments you're given. The tests and homework are hard.
If you have other options, please do not take this class, you will regret it if you do. Worst professor I've ever seen! ! !
Professor would rarely respond to emails and sometimes would flat out ignore them, or respond with one-word responses. Personally, I had requested multiple regrades on his homework (within the deadline) where he would either say he was trying to solve it and never resolved the issue. I am currently still attempting to fix this after months. AVOID!!
Tim genuinely cares about csci, but he isn't a good professor for intro classes. He spends a lot of time rambling about nothing and assumes that you understand something perfectly after one example. Labs help the most but homework gets crazy hard later in the semester. Definitely look for another professor and save yourself a lot of stress.
[Part 2] From the first lecture, instead of teaching, Wrenn just word vomits vocabulary and terms that are much too advanced for an introductory class. Get ready to learn about his history and experience in the coding industry. Wrenn is a brilliant programmer, but unfortunately that doesn't translate at all during lectures. "Is that clear?"
If you can avoid this professor, do it at all costs. Doesn't matter who the other professor is. If you have to take it with Wrenn, try to take the course at a different (community) college and get your credits transferred. CSCI 1113 is labeled as an introductory course, but it is not. There's a world limit. I will be leaving more reviews. [Part 1].
Ouch. I think I heard prof wrenn talk more about his mask policy than his outdated knowledge. Although both took up more than half of the class period. If you're someone who enjoys a nice headache at 11 am then mr. wrenn is your guy. If you enjoy living your life sane then cut off a limb to find a new prof. I pray for those who still have to finish
Lectures in a condescending manner. Expects background coding knowledge despite it being an intro-level course. Tests and homework directions often had errors/were not clear. Likes to flex all of his outdated industry experience. Absolutely brutal grader on tests and hw. It pains me to think that any of my tuition money may go towards his salary.
Tim is the worst prof. I have ever had, his class is unstructured and his TA's are even more clueless than the confused students in Tim's class. His grading is harsh, homework's are undoable with the insufficiency of information parsed in lectures. I owe more to YouTube than I do Wrenn.
Unclear directions for homework. Stupid tests. TA's sometimes don't know how to do the lab assignments or are unhelpful (due to training, or lack thereof, from Tim). Prepare to only run simulations. Push off CSCI 1113 to have a different prof.
Lectures are entirely unhelpful. If you are unfortunate enough to get this professor you'll have to learn everything through the weekly labs but they won't help you with the stupid conceptual questions (and written code) on the tests. Only bonus is that there wasn't a final.
Extremely difficult class, not because of the content but because of the grading style. exams setup is terrible and grading is overly picky on homework and exams plus no curve guarantees a bad grade. what could be a fun, enjoyable class, turns into a nightmare and a headache.
Nothing is specific enough grades programs based on output and if you miss a single space you lose points. great when the TA that wrote the auto-grader forgot a space one time and so your program is wrong. questions are vague and TA's are unhelpful. Will constantly repeat am I clear and won't shut up about programming on punch cards.
Terrible professor. I really felt that quizzes and exams didn't accurately reflect how well I knew the content. I never felt like Timothy was prepared to give a lecture.
I probably learned more on my own than from lectures in this class. The professor spends half the time glossing over complicated subjects, and the other half talking about his "40 years" of experience. It also seems like the teacher gets his ego hurt whenever a student comments on an error in his code. Probably better off finding a new prof.
You want to know what this class is like for someone who has never taken a Comp sci class before with professor wrenn? Its like tossing a baby into the ocean and asking it swim to antartica with no previous teaching to swim. The TAs in the class are amazing but cant say the same for the instructor.
This class is NOT an intro class despite the course name. Our exams and reviews had absolutely zero correlation with each other and the exams were insanely difficult. The projects and labs are extremely hard as well and directions usually vague. This class seriously cost me my mental health so if you dont have to take it, dont.
Now this was a mess. The class started out slow but later picked up and Professor Wrenn did not slow down. When we reached more advanced concepts, he failed to explain anything and lectures were a joke. Homework is a large part of your grade, which he ensures is at a maximum difficulty. He also talked condescending and was difficult to learn from.
The start of this class was nice and what I expected from an INTRO class. As the weeks progressed, it starts to pile on and on. His lectures get boring and long. He doesnt seem motivated to teach and hasnt updated his slides in ages. Youre better off learning c++ from the Cherno on YouTube.
I'll preface this by saying I've done very well in this class (sitting at a high A). That said, this class is so poorly organized it feels like Wrenn doesn't even try. Project specifications are horrible and incomplete (expects things that aren't on the writeup, etc.) and groupwork with strangers online sucks. Wish there was a better prof.
Yeah this class is really bad. There is absolutely no structure to this class, the due dates are sporadic and documentation is terribly unclear. Lectures aren't helpful with the project. Rubric is extremely vague and you must search through the ocean of piazza to find what they actually want you to do. This class was bad for my mental health.
Posting this before registration for spring 2021: this class was ABSOLUTELY the WORST class I have ever taken. TERRIBLY DISORGANIZED. 3081 is known to be bad, but online ABSOLUTELY SUCKS. If you can push it off, push it off. All the grading, everything is EXTREMELY unclear. Tim does not know how to teach online. It made me want to quit CSCI.
I don't honestly know him very personally, but I knew C++ well going into this class and it was hell. Everything is extremely disorganized, project is boring and tedious and spec is changed <24 hr before deadline, mandatory homework subscription, mandatory in-class assignments, mandatory lab attendance. Lectures were unengaging. Big waste of time.
Tim Wren is the worst prof I've ever had. He's super inaccessible because he "has a life too" and won't make accommodations for anyone but expects you to be extremely flexible with him. Quizzes/labs/projects always have typos and unclear instructions, and he gets defensive when you correct his blatantly wrong information in lectures.
Please do not take his CSCI3081W. He always changes the grading rubrics when the labs and projects due. So, diligence does not improve your course performance because finally some critical things will be changed. His lectures sevrely lags behind the labs and project. The project and grading rubrics are very chaotic.
An all around terrible prof. Gives mediocre lectures, and if asked any question about the content will just repeat what's on the slide, even if it's not really applicable. He's incredibly unpleasant in lecture, going to class feels like being verbally abused for 50 minutes. He also tends to go on long tangents about himself in class. Avoid.
Thought it was ok to make homework 4 due 2 days before homework 3. Terrible lecturer.
Far too unorganized and in-class lectures are dry. Homework requires a subscription. It feels like he doesn't know how he wants to teach the class so I have no idea what is expected. It seems he's more interested in trying to impress than to teach.
This class is C++ from 20 years ago with lots of mistakes sprinkled in. The professor yells at people who have their phones out and has given a lot of poor-style and wrong information so far. He also brags about himself constantly. This would be a "meh" class if I took it in high school. The homework uses an overpriced online subscription.
Not the worst professor at the U, but please avoid taking any classes with him. One time for our discission he took the questions off the internet, changed the numbers, but forgot to make it actually solvable, so the whole class spent 30-40 minutes working on a problem with no solution. A complete waste of time.
Avoid taking any classes taught by him. He steals his slides from off the internet which are basically just blocks of text that he reads off to the class. The lecture is not engaging and brags about himself the whole time. He does not care about how much anyone is learning and communication about homework and test material is inaccurate.
I learned more about his opinions than whatever this class was supposed to be about. What a joke. Tim doesn't care about you and gets annoyed that he has to grade your work. Find another professor who wants to be there.
Brags a lot. Also, makes people wondering how much the instructor care about the course when the course schedule was poste two weeks after the class started. Posting projects a week after he promised to post which leave students a week to prepare both the midterm and project. Only lowers your GPA.
Just AVOID taking with him AT ALL costs! Take his class only if you plan lowering your GPA. He'll belittle and make you want to switch major the first week of class. Going to class is a waste of time because he's always behind schedule and complains about his life majority of the class period. Does not engage with students that reinforces learning.
everything is self taught. very rude when you go to her office hours. you can go to tutor and do everything to pass the class but her instruction are so unclear that you will fail. I don't recommend this professor at all.
she is unprofessional, the lab instructions are unclear and also prepare to learn everything on your own. SHE IS A HARD GRADER.
The lectures were infrequent, extremely vague, and lacked clarification. You will learn primarily by reading your textbook or looking up what to do on google. I felt she did not care for her students as she would often leave class and not return until it ended. When asked questions she did not fully listen and would provide unclear answers.
She's a nice person but her teaching style was not it. Nothing made sense to me when she was explaining it and it didn't help that she was the only professor teaching the class for lab and grading it. Most difficult class I've taken ever and I think it 100% has to do with her teaching.
Had her for my python lab at Augsburg. Though she is a nice person, the directions she gives for the assignments are unclear and are of no help. The feedback she also gives is unclear. She makes this class a lot more difficult than it should be. I would not recommend you take any of her classes especially if you are taking python or java.
awful professor doesn't help students and takes forever to respond to emails
Worst class I've ever taken at the U. Do you like to know what you're being graded on before you submit an assignment? Well too bad! You won't find out the rubric until after your project is graded. Prof. Larson does seem to care about her students, and there a couple valuable things you learn in this class, but the organization is just horrible
Horribly disorganized class. Professor did not respect me. Terrible projects full of bugs with little assistance. We were basically expected to understand C++ even though there was no prerequisite for it. Take this class with as few other classes as possible; you'll pull a ton of all-nighters.
Something wasn't managed properly. Unclear grading standards, poor organization, very delayed grading feedback. Larson is very approachable and responsive to concerns, though, and course content was interesting, though challenging.
She manages the worst version of 4041 you could take. Your grade is 75% exams which is unforgiving and the exams are very long. She doesn't post any resources online and really is all around not a helpful professor. Do your best to take it with anyone else.
Professor Jensen lacks the ability to make students understand the material she is teaching. It is clear that SHE understands it but she often go through topics extremely fast and it never really feels like I understand something completely before we move on. On top of this, she never seems prepared coming to class. She is often late.
She refused to upload notes online and was surprised that the midterm average was 60%. Homework heavy but tests make up 75% of your grade. It feels like she doesn't want students to succeed. Tests are long and hard and she won't provide review material or any exam guidelines. I don't think she cares about students feedback or their success.
Bare minimum effort professor, late to class, only material is the textbook. Sad because algorithms is such an important class for computer science and this professor seems like they would rather do other things than teach the class and help their students succeed.
Really tough class that killed my passion for computer science. Kate made this class way harder than it needed to be. Take someone else if you have the chance otherwise, you'll be struggling throughout the semester.
If you take her - all semester you are going to struggle with homework, reading, grading, searching for the information, and self-teaching. TA's never on a same page with professor, so do not even hope for a good score on that. Exams are long and concepts heavy, class average is 60, but good luck even get to that.
This class felt unnecessary... as a CSCI class. Overall, the teaching/lecturing was utter garbage. Don't want to attack any personalities, but this class really needs to get better for the students. The prof. seemed like she really didn't care about the students' education with how lazy it all seemed. My advice to future students: GO ELSEWHERE!
These positive reviews seem fake with how misleading they are. Every single negative review is perfectly accurate. She gives you useless lectures from FALL2020 while telling you to go to TAs for questions about hw/quiz content. Hard to reach by email & office hours are only for course questions. You learn basically nothing from her lectures.
listed as zoom class @ registration but she just gives you lecture youtube videos she made in FALL2020. tells u not to email her for Q's about course content and directs you to TA's. hard to reach by email, OH's minimal. Very harsh grader on HW, tests. lectures ok. course content was neat, prof just did bare minimum to conduct class. TAs were good
IF YOU GET LESS THAN A 50 PERCENT ON THE FINAL YOU FAIL NO MATTER YOUR GRADE. Very hard to contact by email, office hours are not even used to teach material such as homework or practice problems. Learned more from TAs and student tutors than from 50-minute lectures. Lectures are from fall semester so who knows what she does with her time? AVOID!
I took this class during the pandemic, and our lectures were prerecorded YouTube videos she made in the fall. When I signed up for the course, it was not listed as an asynch course until she sent an email the first day of class saying such. The class overall was very vague, and most of my learning came from textbook readings and other resources.
Horrendous. Just horrendous. She seems to get off on making the work as tricky and time-consuming as possible. It's like her mission is to ruin her students' mental health. Avoid her like the plague.
Read the book, this class could've been so much easier than it was. She makes things difficult for no reason what so ever. Hard final too.
CSCI 4041 is extremely difficult with Kate. She announced to the entire class that she wanted us to be losing sleep over the homework and that due to the severe stress we should consider taking a walk in the woods..... Attending class and reading the book are NECESSARY!!! Homeworks will take you the full 2 weeks she allows, lots of frustration. RUN
Weekly quizzes account for the majority of your grade. The course itself is easy, but she's just the worst. A really terrible professor. Avoid at all costs.
Lied to us about giving easy final exams and end up giving a hard test.
assignments due at the beginning of class and if you walk in 2 mins late your assignment is worth 0. Kinda annoying since she had to cancel class because she was stuck in traffic. "We all have things to do and being on time is one of them" - Kate.
Each of three take-home exams will cost you 12 hours on that. And it is too heavy to be a midterm, although she said you can spend more time to figure it out. But that should base on you have only one course the whole semester. Anyway, don't take her class, Otherwise, you will regret like me.
If you make too perfect to your take-home exams, she will think you cheated. To be honest, the take-home exams are quite difficult, and she will give you two more programming assignments for extra credit, which greatly increased your workload!
Not goodIf you take this class, you would have same attitude to this professor with me.
I really doubt her attitude to be a professor. She is the worst professor I have ever seen. Always talk to students with a condescending tone that makes me uncomfortable. The class is a easy one and quizes are easy. Be aware do not write your take-home exam too perfect even you have learned advanced classes. She will be happy to turn you into cheat
Always late to class, lectures are not interactive or interesting. The topic is interesting and if you are interested in learning about it, take a different professor.
One of the most boring professors. Don't take a class with her if you are interested in learning. Test questions are so poorly worded. Writing assignments are docked points for 1-2 grammatical errors or spelling mistakes. Would rather spend her time critiquing your work than teaching the class.
Midterm test questions were worded like trick questions. Lectures are so boring, half the class is playing on their phone or falling asleep. Take a different professor for a more engaging learning experience.
This man would not care if I died in his lecture right in front him. Also quite condescending.
I still don't understand why this professor has such a high rating. While it is a 5000-level course with many tasks and difficulties, the class pace is absurdly fast, and many concepts remain unclear. The professor uses a framework or library that he has never used before, which almost forces students to self-study without proper guidance.
It appears that this professor is not here to fully explain things to us. Because of his demeanor, I think many students in this class are reluctant to ask questions because they feel that they will be belittled or made fun of. He is quite harsh, and I don't appreciate how you automatically get a 0 whether you submit something at 6:01 or 12:01.
Daniel is very disorganized when it comes to his lecture slides. It is hard to go back and reuse his lecture slides when you need help with the homework. When it comes to the quizzes, Daniel doesn't curve the quiz score even when the class average is 65%. I hated going into office hours for help with anything because of the attitude of TAs and him
Daniel is by far the worst prof I've ever had. He never finishes lectures, he explains the material in an unclear manner, he never grades things on time, and he NEVER gets projects or quizzes out in a timely manner. We were expected to have four projects to complete in three weeks respectively. We got the third one two weeks to the end of the term
Fun fact, half of the piazza post were made three days before the deadline. And he insisted that he curved because he didnt want it to lower people's grade. If he doesn't want that, he could make it easier. I started hw3 early and shared almost the same grade with people who started three days before deadline. My time worths nothing to him.
I hope I checked his record at Harvard via RMP earlier. My research experience with him is a total failure, suddenly he wants code and suddenly he wants math without clear goals. I did several REU with other professors, nothing like this. He has good publications with established researchers, but definitely not a very good mentor at this moment.
Very very boring lectures. If it wasn't for graded in class activities I would never attend. He will frequently only get through 1/3 of the slides for the day and barely explain the ones he gets through. Basically all learning in this class will be done outside of lecture through zyBooks readings and homework assignments. Do not take with Challou
how does he still have a job
this class is insanely hard for a lower division cs class. the TAs are helpful but it's hard to do well when all the material you learn comes from Dan. I had a TA explain something to me in office hours and it made a lot more sense than Dan did in class. I am shocked how bad someone can be at explaining something they were hired to teach
Just bad. You will teach yourself most of the time. Just exhausting class.
Worst teacher I have ever witnessed. Lectures are useless babbling and if you do not have prior experience in internet programming you will be lost on HW and have to self teach ALL of the material.
Do not take any class with Challou. His lectures are the worst I have ever seen. He will yap the entire class period without saying one thing useful or informative for the tests or homework. His version of teaching is throwing links to websites which may or may not be relevant and saying absolutely nothing of use himself. AVOID!
I'm taking 4131 with him and 2081 to raise my gpa. I have to say the TAs definitely carry. Especially in 2081 where students are learning the foundations. I got an A in 1933 and struggle in 2081 because of the way dan teaches. he makes the most straight forward concepts super confusing i don't know how other students are learning this stuff
that exam was so hard. literally trick questions and who names their functions mystery()
Challou is astonishingly bad. I can't remember a time in any other CS class when I have been asked to do more with less actual information given in teaching. Programming assignments are quite large, so don't take this with Challou if you are taking other project heavy classes (although I would suggest taking with someone else no matter what).
Challou is the worst professor I have had in 3 years at UMN. Avoid any class this man is teaching.
Incredibly bad lecturer. Homeworks seem to be too large for how much they count for your grade, for how well the material is actually taught, and for a 3 credit class. I would recommend waiting for another teacher.
I'm retaking this course because I failed it last semester. Dan is not the best lecturer but the TAs are soooo helpful in understanding everything. They literally carry the class and it's the same TAs from last semester so I'm so thankful.
Professor Challou's lectures are so unhelpful; he rambles on about stuff that doesn't matter. Everything I learned came from the zybooks and the TAs (they were really helpful). He makes the labs and homework insanely difficult and convoluted. I would not recommend him as a professor at all.
The class is a lot of work for something not for CS majors. He is also not very good at explaining concepts. I suggest skipping lectures and going to a TA for a summary of each lecture. One TA literally carried the course and explained all the concepts clearly in 1/10 the time it would've taken Dan in lecture. Good person tho if you talk to him.
Dan has no clue what he's talking about, but he's too arrogant to admit it. Take another professor.
Dan HATES being corrected. He makes egregious mistakes when grading and then gets verbally angry when questioned, though he does usually give in eventually. He is also horrible at answering questions; he usually says "try it on your own." or copy pastes the slides/homework ignoring the question that was asked.
He doesn't know what he's talking about and his lectures are a waste of time. His exams are too long to be finished in the given time frame and honestly I think he's racist..
Way more work than I expected. Given volume of work wish the exams weren't weighted so heavily.
Challou's lectures are slow, unfocused, and overall useless. He gives lecture assignments that are incredibly vague and poorly written. The overall focus of the class is so awful. He just genuinely cannot teach. Above all else, it feels like the TA's know more Java than he does. I would advise to avoid him but there is often no choice.
I usually don't review profs but I felt the need to warn students away from CSCI4131 with this prof. I think if the class had labs the HWs would make more sense but since it doesn't students are dependent on Office hours and those usually don't get to everyone in the queue. If you need to take this class, do it with another prof.
1. Superfluous DAILY in-class assignments solely to waste our time. 2. Mandatory zybooks that do not respect the study styles of all students. points 1-2: basically forcing students to "do stuff" for grade, because its busy work. 3. So many assignments: a. instructions are 14-15 pages, when could be compacted to 3 4. refers himself as doctor (phd)
Dan is the worst professor I've ever taken at the university. If he's teaching any course, stay far away from him and that's a warning.
Lectures werent very insightful or helpful. Dont make careless mistakes, because he doesnt care if you understand material or not, if you make a mistake he will gladly punish you for it. The class overall wasnt that organized, but that may be because it was a summer course. 1133 was not tough but with this professor it wasnt enjoyable.
Dan challou is very brash with students. In CSCI3081W, a freakin-gosh-darn-crud of a class, he struggled to coordinate with his co-professor and consistently misinformed students when questions about the semester-long project came up. The only reason to go to class is the bi-weekly quizzes.
Class is useless but mandatory, he love to wasting time doing unnecessary things. Without explanation just write code on the whiteboard , then post the code on canvas later. His homework instruction and lecture slides are disordered. He would post 20+ websites in one of his pdf. Basically a class you are learning on your own. 30 hours/week for 3
Toughest class I've had to take so far, he does not give clear requirements on the project. TAs tried their best to help, but since the class is mostly on the project TAs couldn't be of much help since everyone's approach to the project differs. Requires at least 30 hours a week for the project. Goodluck!
Dan is somewhat reasonable and nice as a person, but the way this class was run was subpar at best. They try to give you an understanding about what industry is like, but it's wildly inaccurate, because industry is unpredictable. The department has been struggling with this class for years, and it looks like they still haven't quite got it right.
Absolutely do not take this class with this professor. Professor barely understood the project on a level deeper than "follow what the design docs say" and lectures were mostly useless. Grading requirements were confusing and grades weren't released in a timely manner, making regrades extremely rushed. Extremely disorganized.
I have never seen a professor put so little effort into understanding something worth more than 60% of their students' grade. The project was brand new, and it did seem like it was being written by Wendt as we were working on it, but still, he didn't even put in a minimal amount of effort.
Has no knowledge of the code he lectures on and never comes prepared for class. His lectures are either useless or confusing: he seems obsessed with pithy software design lingo without any substantive discussion of the definitions and applications. Most egregious, has completely unclear grading standards. I didn't learn anything from this class.
The project was poorly prepared and the design docs were unclear, full of errors, and changed multiple times per week, sometimes mere days before due dates. TA's were not familiarized with the project and were unable to get the provided code to compile. Answered most of my questions with "ask a TA at office hours."
Truly the worst class I've had to take in the department. Classes are disorganized, and everything revolves around an awful project the professors refuse to get rid of. Challou was rude and not understanding of the material when asked simple questions. Work was due every week and was draining.
Absolute mess of a class and professor by far worst class I've taken. Barely learn anything about development only takeaway is testing is a thing and iterations is a word, throw everything else away. Terrible at answering questions, spends way too much time on basic stuff, and no feedback on project till last week so can't fix anything at all.
I'm a person who doesn't like to rate a professor. HOWEVER, I SHOULD RATE THIS PROFESSOR. This is the worst class ever I took (I'm a junior). He never clarifies anything about the project even if this class is a project-base. He just read the provided requirement. If you have two sections for 3081, PLEASE GO ANOTHER SECTION.
Challou's lectures were mostly a waste of time. He failed to convey any relevant information until the day before project iterations were due. I learned little about program design. My main complaint is how unclear the grading was. There were times when we would turn in something worth 20% of our grade but had little idea of how it would be graded.
Poor to no communications with TAs. Says a lot in class but contains very little information. Can't give clear lab and project requirements. Have major changes and errors in the middle of project. You won't learn much suffering in his class.
Makes fun of students for asking questions, wastes time during class, not helpful. Unclear grading criteria. Nothing works even though theyve had the same project for years.
Poorly communicates with T.A.s. The course itself is very ambiguous in how you may go about programming, and he does not help in specifying anything. Many program requirements were maintained horribly - very tedious work without much learning involved, and many errors in the project brief led to lots of unnecessary extra work.
I had a very negative experience with Prof. Challou. Participation is 5% of your entire grade and it is determined by in-class excercises. There is a policy of missing up to three in-class excercises, but beyond that you will lose the entire 5% participation grade. He posts links to w3 schools to "teach" so there is no point in listening to him.
It's an easy class if you take the time to do the homework and actually check to make sure that your solution works. I only went to the lectures because he'd randomly have pop quizzes. The tests were easy if you took the time to understand what was going on in the class but as with the homework, there was usually some ambiguity with questions.
He is a totally terrible instructor. His assignment is really hard. He usually teach the knowledge existing in assignment one day before due date. His office hours is also not helpful at all, because he never help you solve your problem.
In class exercises worth points make lectures mandatory. Dan is a very dry lecturer, and did not really help at all. Bulk of learning will be done during lab and homework. Homework is graded pretty harshly, so make sure you follow constraints. Dan is not a friendly man and is very condescending with most questions. Readings are also helpful.
Please listen! DO NOT TAKE THIS DUDE IF YOU DONT WANT TO RETAKE THIS CLASS. His lecture is absolute useless . Grading is harsh and horribly strict. It is really painful to be in his class, homework is not an issue but he is too bad at teaching and you won't learn enough, so you probably don't know how to do it. Note: DO NOT TAKE FOR GOD SAKE.
i do not like what he taught in lecture.
Terrible professor. Very condescending, and forces you to come to awful lectures with pop quizzes. Very unorganized and often has mistakes in his work and on the tests. All in all, one of the worst professors I've ever had.
midterms and finals are 65% of the total grade
These three hour lectures could not have been any more boring, the way he talks and explains things. Which really he doesn't do. Instead of explaining a concept and reviewing it using powerpoint slides, he likes to just write his own code on the chalk board which is very hard to see.
He is not helpful in any way. Attendance holds some percent in total grade so you have to attend the classes. His lectures are really boring. Deadlines are considered very important here so try not to miss any. Iterations are very important as well as they hold 35% of the total course so take that seriously and Good Luck :)
Teaches straight from the textbook. I felt very belittled when going to his office hours. Smart guy, bad teacher. Seek help from the TAs and grad TAs instead; they're amazing and are patient! Tests are long and you've gotta cruise through.
I've had Challou twice and didn't care for him either time. I never had trouble passing his courses, but I couldn't stand his style. He gives pop quizzes in order to get you to come to his long-winded and often useless lectures. Tests are open booknote. I also found him extremely condescending during lecture. no me gusta
He reads directly off his power-points, which are taken directly from the book, and it feels like he takes 30 minutes to stammer through a single slide. When he isn't reading off the slides, he's talking about his personal life. Oh, but of course you have to show up for class because of the pop quizzesexercises. Easy class, worthless professor.
While the homework and tests are the same no matter what professor you get (which are very long anyway), his lectures are long winded and barely get anywhere. If you read the book (which is a really good book and easy to read) you should be fine, you could even consider skipping lectures if he didn't give out pop quizzes. Overall: not helpful.
His lecture slides were completely full of text and he'd quickly babble on about the context and move onto the next slide before you could even read his slides. His lectures were not helpful or coherent. His writing assignments were absurd. We had to write 5 page single spaced paper on test automation graded horrendously by the TAs.
For an introductory C++ course, all homeworks and tests were graded very harshly. There was hardly any curve, and despite spending obscene amounts of time on homeworks, my grade was very low. Professor Challau is hardly any help, with confusing lectures and hardly any help at office hours. Luckily, he did, at the end, post homeworks in class.
I'm dumbfounded as to how the U allowed her to teach this class - Her worthless lectures consisted entirely of reading snippets of the textbook in ppt. On the rare occasion she tried to work through a problem on the board, she stumbled, demonstrating her weak grasp of the material. Often failed to answer straightforward questions from students.
The problem with this class was that both the text and slides did not offer any kind of real world examples and rather presented the content as written without context. normally this is where a good teacher would be able to take over and help make sense of things. However, Catherine does not do this. She reads the slides as written. Feedback is bad
Appalling! Lectures were extremely ambiguous and failed to inform a deep enough understanding for homework and tests. He skips discussing relevant material because he thinks it is common knowledge. The last test was open note/internet, yet the class average was a 48/100. The TAs helped me pass this course and taught me more than the professor did.
Absolutely abysmal professor. Doesn't go to the effort to make his lectures remotely understandable, put very little effort into the creation of homework assignments sometimes leading to confusion, and made no attempt to make his lecture recordings valuable (often walked away from the computer and couldn't hear well or see what he was gesturing at)
The most awful professor I have interacted with at the U. I am a senior with 145 credit hours and 3.6GPA, when I tell you the worst prof on campus, I truly mean it. I would not wish him on my worst enemies. Sucks soooo freaking bad. Just give up. dont try to get a good grade in his class. It is impossible.
Kevin is definitely the worst professor I have had in the biochemistry department. His expectations are very unclear, and his exam questions are on extremely obscure topics - some of which are not explicitly discussed in class. Overall, a very disappointing professor and class. The good news is that the TAs are AMAZING. Go to their office hour
Never been in a more boring class. You have to learn everything from outside info. Terrible style. Designs arbitrary answer keys that test random info. No original slides (everything from other lecturers at other schools found on Google). Nothing is transferrable or lab-applicable without major outside training.
Lectures are unclear with page numbers for the textbook normally wrong, example problems that often have an incorrect answer, and are at a level way above undergraduates abilities. Pointless to go to class because you will have to "learn"(and by learn I mean memorize equations) on your own, but he takes attendance. Hope you like derivations!
Totally unengaging. Lectures are a waste of your time and his. The notes are pretty good, though, and you'll do well provided you take the time to sit down and memorize EVERYTHING in them.
He is uninteractive and extacly knows how to bore you for the whole period of the class, for the whole length of the semester. All he does read his uninviting notes to the classes with amazing boring tone. But, exam are not that hard as long as you do all the examples he gives in his notes.
No equations are given on the test, which is ridiculous considering how detailed they are. Organization is not present in any of his lectures and he is by far the least engaging professor I have ever had in four years at this university. You'll quickly realize that lectures are a waste of everybody's time including his own.
Along with Dr. Matsuo, probably the worst professor I have ever had in my entire college career. Unlike many of my peers, I actually did WELL in this class. That being said, I owe none of my success to Dr. Mayo's teaching skills (or lack thereof). Rely on the textbook, my friends, because otherwise you have no hope.
Didn't seem to put in any effort whatsoever.
One of the worst professors I have ever had in my college career. I recommend avoiding him at all costs. I am a Biochem major, and I am RE-TAKING this class. He offers no lecture notes to make up for his scrambled, incoherent lectures. He does not post exam keys, so I still have no idea WHY I got things wrong. A horrible professor all around. Sigh.
I don't like him at all. I had to rely most of the time from the most confusing text book ever. He gave us some problem on the test that he never touched on before and said we should know it from 10 years ago. His tests aren't as horrible but you have to read the text most of the time.
Not THAT bad. He's not very clear, but his tests come almost directly from his notes. Use the textbook to clarify the details of the things he talks about, but as said, his tests come directly from the notes and are pretty straight forward for the most part. So, take good notes and you're good to go. Dry humor makes for not too boring lecture.
Completely uninterested in students. Won't help if there is an illness or, in my case, an interview for medical school that interferes with his precious class. His lectures are completely unhelpful. Most of the lecture involves writing random words on the board. Exams are very difficult and test inane facts (what certain acronyms stand for, etc)
Teaching is a low priority for him. It appears that he couldn't care less about the students.
He is a sweet guy and tries to be funny, but when it comes down to it.. he is an awful teacher. He tries really hard but it's really hard to follow him. His exams don't make any sense as well as his quizes. I would recommend a different teacher because if you ask him to help you he doesn't even know where to start.
Really nice guy, and funny but when it comes to the lectures I'm bored out of my mind. I think it was his first time teaching BIOL 1009, but he was not clear at all about the material, it was basically a self-study class, which sucked because biology isn't the easiest subject to comprehend.
Seems like a nice guy but is so scatterbrained and disorganized. His tests are ultra specific and questions are difficult to understand.
hard to follow and monotone
this class sucks, he is very unorganized and scatterbrained. Although, he is funny to laugh at because he always makes fun of himself
FRUSTRATING lady. Tests are vaguely or incorrectly worded, and she has straight up laughed when a student asked her a question. Often she is grammatically incorrect on the exams and the correct answer will change depending on how you interpret the question.
Runs CBS department I have never been more disrespected & belittled by a professor IN MY LIFE! Petitioning classes took over 5+ months often sending me belittling emails saying 'MY ACADEMIC PURSUITS ARE NOT IMPORTANT OR A PRIORITY"! No one should EVER say this too a student seriously FIRE HER! U of M students don't know how bad the teachers are
Taking a class with Prof Wick was not my favorite thing. She's confusing, not a good at explaining or at developing worthwhile assignments. She tested us more on grammar and syntax than on biology - I found myself doubting my own answers due to her poor ability to create questions. However, really easy class if you already know your basic biology.
Professor Wick is certainly a difficult grader. Her quizzes seemed to have the intention of having students fail. She would contradict the textbook and she never returned anything. Please avoid her if possible.
Does not grade anything on time. Contradicts the book, yet does not provide lectures stating her opinions. Very disorganized and rude towards her students. Full of knowledge, but does not express it. Makes assumptions that students should know material, even though it was never specified. Just a super hard instructor to work with
Susan Wick may be the worst teacher I have ever heard of. Most days you would swear you are sitting in on a fourth grade science class. Her lectures are completely worthless, and the only reason you will attend is because there is 15 quizzes randomly spaced throughout the semester. You will never have to take notes and she sidesteps questions.
GAHHH!!! BORING!!!! so boring that people stopped going. take it pass/fail if you can. lectures were completely unhelpful and taken from the texts, but not much of which was on the painful tests. demonstrations in class were too easy and irrelevant. She killed any interest that I might have had of Biology.
No Comments
UGH!!!!! Her lectures are mind numbing. They are pointless because all the information is in the reading and the book explains it much better than she does! The tests are tricky so beware!
Her teaching style is dull, and her tests are horrible. As an engineering student, I understand a specific level of difficulty. I found her tests to be not a test of the material learned, but a test of how well you can understand what she is trying to ask. The lab for this class is probably what helped me pass, it was way to easy.
The class is really hard. She teaches like it is an upper division course. The tests are hard and lecture is so boring many students stop attending.
Pointless to come to class, because you end up falling asleep everytime. The exams are extremely hard and this is coming form a not so dumb person. Avoid Bio 1001 and avoid her class.
She is a bad lecturer. I do not go anymore.
Boring teacher.... studied plant biology.... weird
No Comments
No Comments
Dr. Brambl is hands down the worst lecturer I've ever had. This is the first negative review I've written in my 3 years at the U of M. You can earn a grade in his class by cramming old tests and attending class. Don't bother learning the material, he doesn't grade on it.
Class was made overly hard for non microbiology majors. I went to EVERY lecture and lab, but going to most lectures were pointless to go to since he went at a fast pace and made u feel stupid if you had a question. I worked really hard to get an A (a lot harder than for the O chem class I was taking). I wouldn't have learned anything w/o the lab
this professor makes class so hard! for a 2xxx level class for non-microbiology majors, i don't think students need to learn in such great detail. he even has frown wrinkles from being so serious! if you ask him a question, he'll just give you the "you are SO stupid" look.
Unaccessable teacher..interesting class
makes you feel like an idiot when you ask a question
Very degrading of his students - be prepared to have your self esteem shot down at least once.
He is hard to follow in lecture, and frequently goes off topic and it is hard to keep up with what's important to know and what's not. His tests are fairly easy, just read his power points and really understand the diagrams and you should be fine! Not worth attending lecture. (About a fifth of my class did)
Very hard to follow and understand. He has a terrible stuttering problem and the link quizzes are pointless. He also uses information not in the U of M textbook for the class.
Confusing, useless study guides, unnecessary link quizzes; such awful professor, do avoid.
Avoid at all cost
I am so confused about this teacher but i still have to say to the person below me that it is not a Chinese teacher but a japanese teacher, you can know that we you add note in slide. Anyway, as an international student, don't choose this one!!! you will have a hard time to understand everything.
He had a heavy Chinese accent, and was extremely difficult to understand. His power points and lectures were disorganized and difficult to follow. The homework were easy, but a waste of my time. If you have him as a professor, I recommend you don't attend his lectures, and use what he talks about in the power point as a guide to the textbook.
He was absolutely the worst instructor I have ever had; poorly organized,perpetually confused, assigns useless link quizzes, and he does not care even one bit if understand the material.
Prof Fan is extremely confusing. He seems nice enough, but he goes off topic and doesn't cover much material. His test questions don't seem horribly difficult, but I would suggest avoiding him if possible. He definitely made me lose interest in biology.
Really bad teacher. I feel bad saying that because he's a decent guy but AWFUL teacher. Sorry dude. This class could have been pretty interesting if it were taught well. Huge bummer.
Cant follow a word he says
The worst teacher I have ever had. Class isn't even worth attending. Makes absolute no sense and when you ask questions he confuses you even more. You have online link quizzes that are absolutely worthless as well
Terrible professor should not be allowed to teach at all. Class is very confusing and not worth attending.
Terrible...
I would avoid his class if you can. There are 12 Link Quizzes that are easy but they are used in discussion during the next lecture. In which he calls on random names and if you don't answer you lose a point. There's no additional credit if you are called on. Goes of topic all the time and is hard to follow even though he knows his biology.
The guy knows biology, but can't teach to save his life. Random, inconsistent and expects knowledge of powerpoint slides he skips over. Avoid if at all possible
His lectures are very confusing. He tends to spend immense time talking about nothing and then only having 3 or 4 slides covering the actual material that you need to know. He ends up spending so much time on meaningless material that the lectures are pointless. On a positive note, most of his test questions for this class were fairly easy.
Terrible teacher, avoid at all costs.
Goes off on irrelevant tangents and is very difficult to follow. Taking notes is almost impossible at the speed he moves through important slides.
Doesnt make anything clear
Professor Fan is far from comprehensible. The problem with his teaching style is that he often switches things around, doesn't make sense, and comes in looking unprepared. Two of the three days he is introducing high school level biology, and Friday is made up of presentation from students that requires mandatory attendance. Do not recommend.
His heredity and human society class was terrible. It was supposed to be based on bioethics but he only discussed the very basics of biology, and much of it, was incoprehensible and questionable. It was an easy class, but not worth it if you want to learn anything.
Worst professor ive ever had, sad to say. Nothing is clear. Expects you to know WAY to much for a intro class. He puts all the work on the TA and i felt bad for her, cause she seemed confused as well. The ethics wasnt even integrated into the biology.Lectures were boring and your will be lucky if you take anything away from them.
Prof Fan made topics that I have covered before, and understood, confusing. In what was supposed to be an intro genetics course, he flew through material like we were experts. He made simple topics confusing, and tougher concepts incomprehensible.His tests were a horrible measure of understanding (averages were 15/40). I DO NOT recommend David Fan!
This class indeed is a waste of time. The TA is of no help, either. I strongly dislike David's teaching style because he seems to talk in circles and he even admitted that he talks around a subject or a question. Therefore the tests are so hard but papers and presentations are easy. One of the worst professors ever.
Dr. Fan's class is an absolute waste of time. The lectures are IMPOSSIBLE to follow. He skips from slide to slide without giving proper time for students to write things down. The notes he posts online are very hard to follow. Going to lecture itself is pointless because his style of teaching. DO NOT TAKE A CLASS FROM THIS PROFESSOR
this class was a joke. it sounded interesting in the course guide, but nothing meshed and even our TA didn't know what was going on half the time. Professor Fan was very scatterbrained and unclear, and failed to successfully integrate the ethics portion into the course. Don't take this class unless you absolutely have to.
His lectures are erratic, off the wall, and hard to understad. He stutters an enormous amount and isn't clear, and rambles on and on about non-related things. The tests are hard, the papers are okay and the projects are easy.
Said not to use the book as a study guide, but you definitely need it because he pulls questions right out of it! Very misleading when it comes to what you should study!
Reads straight from the slides and mumbles from them too; Went for help outside of class- did not help at all for tests. Test questions are difficult to understand what is wanted and grading of answers on tests are RIDICULOUS!
This class is not helpful.there are 5 midterms and 1 final.the exams are coming from the lecture notes.if you can remeber all the materia from the notes,you may good for this class.she reads the slide, not like teaching.
Terrible prof. I was accepted to med school on the condition that I pass all my classes during my final semester, and then i failed this course and had my acceptance revoked.
No Comments
Anyone who thinks the lab portion of this class is useful clearly is lagging in their education. Complete waste of time.
He is your typical professor who wants to be treated like he is the most important person around. Anger explains him. He is very disrespectful to the students. He also does NOT grade on a curve, you are graded based on how many points you have divided by the total possible. I got a B+ in this class and it is one of very few I have got, the rest A
This is the worst class ever. One would assume as a major elective a professor would be understanding that most people are seniors and adjust the curve accordingly-nope not Jemmerson. if you dont need this class DO not take him. He will make your life hell
If you like your professor to come with anger management issues and a complete lack of respect towards students then Ron Jemmerson is your man! Immunology may be difficult but conquering the subject matter is a cakewalk compared to dealing with his personality. His temperamental outbursts detracted from the course, AVOID HIM IF POSSIBLE.
He is an extremely smart man but a good teacher he is not. His lectures are unclear and if you ask a question, or answer one of his wrong you had better watch out. Also he does not follow the book with his lectures at all so you skip around a lot. This makes studying a bit harder than it has to be. If you can take this class from someone else do
His tests are far too difficult because he expects you to answer a seemingly simple question with every detail that has ever been written on a topic. His lectures almost useless, if you must take him focus your attention on the book. If you don't have to take him, for the love of God STAY AWAY!
Her lectures were very boring and a lot of the times there was an emphasis on something that didn't even show up on the tests. And the tests are ridiculously too hard because she intentionally tries to trick you on every question. I used to considered myself a good test taker. I would not recommend her at all. Find any other professor if possible!
Terrible professor. Tests are very hard. You will fall asleep in class every time.
Horrible teacher, drones on about random things and it's hard to tell the important things from the unimportant, take the class from someone else.
Complete waste of my time. Felt like a repeat of tenth grade biology. She was an awful teacher. I'm actually sitting in her office right now during her OFFICE HOURS as she answers e-mails. I just want to get my old test back and study it in prep for my final (in two days) but she can't make time out of the two hours a week that she has office hours
She is a horrible teacher. She talks at you, but doesn't actually explain many things. I went to her for help and she basically thought I was an idiot because I didn't know the material...I am there to LEARN for a reason!
This professor absolutely sucks. Never take her class. Every single day I regret taking her Biology 1009 class. I'm a Science major and have an F in her class. DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT take her Bio 1009 class.
Florence Gleason is a horrible teacher. She is someone who I feel is good at research but should not be in the classroom. Her lectures at completely pointless. She rambles on about things that are completely irrelevant to the class itself. Many of the things she talks about consist of chemistry and NOT biology topics. Stay away. Stay far, far away
Terrible Professor. Here lectures are extremely boring and her online homework isn't very helpful. I would recommend avoiding her at all costs.
Her lectures are scattered and boring. When I asked her a question about a quiz question she said I read into it too much and made me feel stupid... Avoid her as a professor... She is horrible
Probably the worst professor imaginable. Her annoying, monitone voice could put anyone to sleep and her lectures are mostly just pictures. Tests are difficult and she likes trick questions. VERY boring professor and lectures. I wouldn't recommend her at all.
Horrible professor - probably the worst I've ever had. If you can avoid taking a class with her, please do.
Proffesor is Awful! She does not actually teach she just stands at the front of the class and lectures on things that are irrelevant and boring. Half the class is wasted by her laughing at her own jokes (bring crickets) and her pauses - it takes her 10 minutes to get through a sentence. Dont bother asking questions she'll make you feel like an idio
Is very unorganized, confusing and does not make it clear what information we are supposed to remember. She is very quiet and hard to hear, makes class even more boring.
She explains stuff that's not in the book, so if you're busy writing down her scattered notes and miss it, it's gone forever. She has some power point notes that she'll put online, but she has the overhead she'll be writing all over it randomly and making it really messy and hard to understand. She explains things really poorly and is boring.
She has no regard for students. If you ask a question she will say I bet he knows and point to somone and laugh. She is funny at the begining of the semester but becomes a witch later on. She writes quizzes that are tricky and her tests don't reflect the material learned in class. Shes better off back in the plant bio departmetn where she belongs.
Agree 100%
Not only is Matsuo hard to understand because he lacks quality English language skills, but he also fails to teach you anything that he'll be testing you on. He is impossibly confusing during lecture, and spends most of his time deriving equations, when he told us that we didn't need to know how to derive equations. He's married to Prof. Walters.
She doens't give you much in lectures and even less as study material. When you go into the test you could easily get an A or easly get an F. It's all luck. There isn't a way to study hard to make sure you get an A. Lecuteres and tests don't match at all .
Seems nice and friendly but the course objectives are unclear, he never responds to emailed questions, has unrealistic expectations, grades exceptionally strictly, the list goes on. Those taking this class won't have a choice, but just be warned.
If you really want to learn something about immunology, do yourself a favor and do not take it with him! His class notes (which you have to buy from bookstore) are absolutely useless and his exams are so long that you will definitly run out of time.
She is smart but absolutely horrible at teaching. She went way too deep into material that other classes didn't. You'll cry if you take her class.
Boring, doesn't know what he's talking about or how to write tests.
He brought down the spirit of the entire class...like seriously. And he does not know how to write tests.
Brooker takes the first half of the course and blows your mind. This guy comes in the second half and completely ruins the experience. not recommended at all.
A brilliant woman, a terrible professor. She uses powerpoint slides prepared by the textbook manufacturer, so the information given in lecture is EXHAUSTIVE. She has a complete inability to emphasize important topics over unimportant ones, so her exams are impossible to prepare for. Her use of clickers is frustrating and unnecessary. Awful course..
Lectures are slow and boring. She uses a clicker to enforce attendance. Her tests are unnecessarily long. In most classes you can finish a test with time to check your answers, but hers you'll be lucky to finish at all.
No Comments
Her lectures are impossilbe to follow, even though she gives you lecture notes but doesn't follow them. Her tests are either way to long or way to hard and even when i did every possible form of studying...i still did horribly on her tests. if you think you can learn genetic mechanims on your own then take the class with her
Very boring. Period.
This guy should not be teaching. He admitted that he learned the material himself 20 years ago, and I got the distinct impression that he spent a few minutes reviewing before each lecture. He doesn't seem to like teaching and doesn't have much respect for students. Also, don't question him. He doesn't like that.
didn't like him at all. doesn't write his own tests which are impossible! everyone had conflicts with him.
This guy sucks. Just needed my bio credit and missed it by a point. Bruce wouldn't work with me at all on this, even though I performed spectacularly on midterms and labs. If you don' want to be bogged down with a bunch of useless biology homework, look elsewhere for your bio credit. Pretty sure he's just upset about teaching bio to CLA students...
OMG. I would rather take 4 semesters of a foreign language all over again than have another class with Bruce Fall. Extremely mean if you have questions. His TA's are worthless and never show up to TA hours. His tests have a class average of about 70%..
PMB 2022 was the worst class Ive ever taken. I was originally excited to take the class but her inability to write intelligible English sentences was prohibitive of any learning. Her TAs didnt understand her study guides and on her fill in the blank problems there was no part of speech, within the English language, that would satisfied the blank
This is the worst professor I have had by far. Her lectures jump all over the place and are difficult to follow. She grades unfairly on in class assignments that should be easy points (no one got above a 70% on one of the assignments). Avoid having her as a professor if you can.
Lectures are absolutely useless, slides are useless, have an amazing ability to make an interesting subjects so boring and gives exam that is twice harder than study guides.
Her lectures are dry, unfocused and very confusing. It is close to impossible to study for the exams later on from her powerpoints because they don't make any sense. She is very boring and makes an already difficult topic even harder by confusing simple things. Her lectures are monotonous and the concepts are smashed together in single sentences.
lectures are very unorganized and confusing,and don't cover the exams.
no comment
Dr. May is extremely hard to follow in lecture, and she contradicts herself often. Everything I learned in this class came from the book and my TA. If you have any interest in ecology or animal behavior, take those requirements. If not, then use the book and your TA and ignore Dr. May and you'll be fine.
D NOT take this class. I took it thinking it would be interesting but I was horribly mistaken. I'm sure it could be, but NOT with this professor. She usually uses half of the lecture to go over the previous lecture so if you do learn, you only learn about half the time. She's not clear most of the time and tests don't reflect well.
Her lectures are just rambling- impossible to understand and apply the material from them. You are better off reading the textbook on your own
Out of four years the worst teacher Ive encountered. Misleading syllabus that has zero alignment with canvas page resulting in false due dates and project descriptions. The most technologically challenged teacher. A sparse outline and two or three slides used for every class. No example problems ever covered. Buy the textbook and dont enroll.
Not a good public speaker so hard to follow. Even if you go to lecture and read the tests are hard and long. She is somewhat helpful if you go to her office hours
I had a strong interest in genetics before I took his course. After I took his course I have lost all interest. He bounced back and forth between topics and went on tangents about things that were meaningless. I even recorded all his lectures and took notes every class period and I was still completely lost in this class. Give this guy some ritalin
He tells off-color and political jokes. He insists on teaching a statistics freeware program called R. His grading policy is incomprehensible, and I didn't learn anything in his class! I am graduating without understanding stats because I took his Biometry class instead of normal stats. Don't be fooled!
Terrible teacher, fairly easy class. Poor test writer and virtually no feedback.
If you study hard, you're fine. His Neural Eng. is bad. There's no clear guidance on hw and you have to figure it out using some magic matlab code. Lectures are entertaining, rocket pace and irrelevant to what's in hw. I am GPA 3.8 up student and I still struggled. Exams are hard but grading isn't harsh. Ave is always 80ish. No curve.
Nice enough guy, and it's clear he knows his way around Matlab and neural engineering. However, he is AWFUL at presenting material in a coherent manner. Lectures were made up on the fly. Homework and tests contain an embarrassing number of typos and errors. Doesn't return homework or exams so you have no idea of how you're doing. I could go on &on
Absolutely useless! This professor is does not have any right to hold that status. Throughout the majority of the class we, the students, had to teach him what we were suppose to be learning. If there's any way to avoid this teacher....DO IT!! You might as well teach it all to yourself out of the book because that's all you'll do during the clas
the content itself isn't difficult but his explanations are confusing and unclear. I really recommend not choosing him.
content itself isn't difficult but he makes it seem extremely confusing and hard. DO NOT choose this prof.
Terrible at getting things graded on time. I submitted midterm 1 for remark and its finals break and it still hasn't gotten done... I talked to him last week of school and he said he would look at it before the end of the end of the week and um still hasn't been updated...
Disorganized, class felt like a waste of time every week. Also very bad at getting assignments graded on time. It's almost two weeks past the grade deadline and he has yet to submit them.
Super nice guy, but disorganized curriculum. Had no idea what was going on more than half the time. Our teaching assistant was also terrible and just acted like we knew what to do on day one. No orientation at all; mass confusion and non-uniform grading across sections. TAKE THE ONLINE QUIZZES BEFORE THE DUE DATE.
This was by and large my worst professor ever. You will never know what is going on at ALL, and every bit of understanding will come from reading/other students. Make sure you take the online quizzes, I sure didn't know they existed.
Disorganized, often comes to class unprepared. Very bad at getting assignments back to students in a timely manner and explaining assignment expectations, which can make it difficult to understand his expectations.
worst proffessor i ever had during my entire 4 year experience at the U of MN. doesnt explain material, and doesnt seem to know what he is talking about. he was not very helpfull when i asked questions after class. instead of answering my questions he avoided them and started talking about an entirely different topic. class average was a 55%.
he is the nicest guy you will ever meet, but the WORST professor. his lectures don't make any sense. it's just better to read the book instead even though he told me his exams are from the lecture. well it was impossible to pay attention because you can follow what he's saying so stick with reading the book and you should do ok. just ok.
This is one of the worst educators I have ever experienced in life, and hopefully will ever experience at the Main U. His lectures are dry, boring, and he keeps it at a level that is hard to understand, although, I did not much biology when I joined the class (why I took it) I would say take the class if wanted, but choose another professor.
He goes through the material too fast and he isn't very helpful.
He never responded to any of my emails. I was frustrated, because I really needed his help. He never observed his office hours. I got the feeling that he thought students weren't worth his time. I hear that he is a big research professor, but that doesn't help me when I'm trying to learn basic stuff.
He is an awful professor!!!!! Very arrogant, doesn't understand you when you try and question something he says in class about the material. Very unhelpful and does not present anything clearly in class.
The professor did not seem to take this class seriously and would not respond to emails addressed to him regarding this class. In addition, he submitted grades about two months late and would not respond to emails inquiring on the missing grades and never sent out any emails to inform people on what was happing. Poor communication.
Each week we had reading to do and they seemed to keep getting longer each wee. The material was information that would have been known by graduate students not freshman. We had to write a proposal and he said he would email us back revisions so we could fix it, he never did and I emailed him twice with no response. He has not been responsible.
I really hated this class. Youre forced to participate for part of your grade and I felt like the exams were insanely difficult compared to the material from lecture. Extra credit points given weekly, but theyre hard to obtain as well. Passing grade was brought down to a 75% at the end which gave me a passing grade. Toughest exams Ive taken.
Lectures seemed unorganized and rambling at times. Flanders perception of you is important.
She was not very coherent during lectures and was also very difficult to hear even sitting relatively near the front.
Peter's lectures don't contain any information that is on his tests, rather he gives out a couple readings per lecture that are 15 pages long to read. These are what he tests you on. Labs also have nothing to do with the class. Overall, Peter dodges any questions or emails that you send him so don't expect to much help from him
Honestly the worst class I have ever had. He doesn't actually teaching you materials, just gives you articles to read. Will not acknowledge the fact that you asked a question and only wants to brag about his research. Took well over 3 weeks to grade a 1 page paper. He should stick to research instead of teaching because I'm not learning.
This class was terrible. Everything said in lecture does not relate to what is on the exams. He rarely acknowledges when you need help. He tends to walk around your questions and get off topic. Lab does not correlate with lecture and this class is so stressful for me. I would not recommend to someone.
Lousy professor. Hater of Agriculture. Lots of busy work. Tests are difficult since you don't learn anything in classes. Labs are relatively easy if you get a good TA. Peter was suspended for a time because he got so low of student reviews. If you absolutely must take this class really try hard to take it with someone else.
Does some teaching, seems pointless to go to class although to get the lecture notes you have to go. Being able to get any points on the 5 exams is difficult since the grader nit-picks everything. Each test should be worth more than only 28 points since they ask you so many questions and details. get previous semesters tests!
Preposterously disorganized
She is a horrible professor. She does not know what she is talking about and cannot answer your questions. She is very proud of Foundations and will not hear any negative feedback. The test and quiz questions are VERY unclear and she cannot clarify them.
Do NOT take Foundations with this teacher, she is extremely unhelpful and you might as well stay home and read the textbook instead of wasting six hours a week listening to her read off of a slide.
Foundations is a great course - don't ruin it for yourself by taking it with this teacher. Her lectures are very unclear and dry, her exam and quiz questions are often misworded and vague (she has had to drop questions frequently due to complaints), and she's simply not experienced enough for this important a class.
This guy is a horrible teacher. He sounds like he doesn't know what he's talking about most of the time. He is extremely unhelpful. Seriously, I can't emphasize this enough, do not take his class. You will not do well, unless this is your only class and you love biology.
Easily the worst professor imaginable. Lectures are painful, his powerpoints are in comic sans and jump from one subject - to another - and back to the first. The test questions are barely understandable, considering he doesn't test the actual concepts, at all. TAKE BIOL 1001 AND GET OUT NOW.
Made the class harder than it should have been. Bored me to the point of sleeping.
Super hard to understand. So boring. Bad professor. Don't take General bio
Super hard to understand. So boring. Bad professor
No clarity, large words noone understands, no explanation, not funny, pple sleep in class or just leave sometimes 10 mins into class, powerpoints are jumbled, no order, moves way to fast, does not relate material to anything outside of class, has no communication skills, tests are soo hard, youd have to be a proffessor to actually understand
He is not a good professor at all. This is a course recommended for engineering students, because it tough and challenging. Such a course has a very boring and sad professor. He just goes through slides, his language is not clear. He does not explain, just reads of the powerpoint. Atleast 50% of his class is sleeping. NOT RECOMMENDED .
worst professor i've ever had. you won't learn anything in class but you go to do kahoots for points. no idea how i secured an A but get ready to memorize like crazy. also, dont bother learning the amino acids because they're only worth 4 points out of all 4 exams and not worth the hours spent memorizing them. super frustrating guy to deal with
Horrible teacher. TA's do a better job teaching than he does.
Bad professor. Patronizing of students. Terrible pedagogy. Zips through content. Assumes knowledge. Better off reading the textbook. Enough said.
I hope Dr. Armitage retires soon to spare the rest of U of M students his terrible teaching skills. He seems like a smart guy but his teaching makes the material so difficult to understand. Some of the information I already knew I became even more confused on after he attempted to cover it. He speeds over power points and does not explain material.
Terrible professor. Rude and condescending towards the students. Rarely prepared for class. Replaced by the department halfway through semester due to student protests.
Don't expect to learn anything from him. He expects you know things beyond the scope of the prerequisites. He's very condescending if you try to ask questions. You'll have to basically teach yourself everything for the class. Even though class isn't mandatory there are pop quizzes. Avoid him at all costs.
Dr. Armitage is no doubt incredibly knowledgeable when it comes to Biochemistry, but it hurts the students because he does not know how to teach it to people that don't have previous experience and he can be condescending. Attendance is not taken down but there are pop quizzes throughout the course. The book is clearer than the lecture, study it.
Not getting how people think she's easy. Skips slides, her notes are extremely disorganized. Tests have multiple answers to questions, gives quizzes each Monday. Overall, she doesn't go in depth at all and expects you to master the material with poor instruction. We don't get exams back so there's no way to help us improve. Avoid!
Michele Price has been a devastating force to many physiology students this semester. She talks so fast! She also skips through slides way to quickly. As she teaches entirely by slides, this is a major problem. There is very little resources to help students do well on tests (just slides). In addition, she wastes so much time on group discussion.
She's a control freak, always talking like she's teaching elementary school. There are tons of project in this course. 30-60pg reading each week but she barely talks about useful knowledge.
While Professor Price is obviously knowledgeable, she presented information in ways that did not resonate with me. Additionally meeting her in office hours was a joke, her "study suggestions" were unhelpful and involved making 500+ flashcards per exam. While I loved the material in the class she's the worst teacher I've had in 3 years at the U.
I found this course to be a lot more challenging than expected. I had to put a lot more work into this class than my Electrical Engineering classes. The exams are not easy and he doesn't curve.
I don't know what I had today is a Physics, Material Science, or an Engineering Safety exam. Where're the materials covered in the lecture?
This professor doesn't test you on what he teaches in class. The exams consist of 90% material not taught by the "instructor". Reading the book did not even help with the exams because the tests did not follow a logical structure. The assignments are easy because they are based on stuff learned in the lectures.
He is the worst professor ever! Not helpful, not care for students. This class suppose just to be easy to help student understand basic engineering safety knowledge, but he was making it hard and never curve. You can't learn anything but ruin your GPA in his class. Do not recommend at all.
Overarching issue in her taking herself too seriously, often treating students as if they're high schoolers rather than adults. Creates an illusion of being open to course feedback, only to deflect blame onto you. Amazing skill of overcomplicating simple concepts. She has an inflated ego that could fill the entire classroom if she desired.
I cannot stress how much I hated this class. She doesnt give good feedback, lectures are boring, tests are hard.
She is definitely the worst lecturer I've ever met. She refused to give solutions to any exam or homework, the criteria for score is super unclear, and she only use A/B/C/D to grade students. Expectations are super unclear and contents of lab is boring. I studied so hard, but it makes no difference since score is arbitrary.
One of the worst professors I've had at the U. She clearly likes the topic she teaches but she is very rude, she will take any opportunity to put a student down. Her tests are ridiculous, they ask for the most random and specific details and are way too long. She is no help outside of class and she makes everything unnecessarily hard and confusing.
In all of my college and high school experience I have never had such a frustrating time with a teacherprofessor. Dr. Bastiaans was horrible and no help. She wasn't even knowledgable of the subject material and called you out and made you look stupid in front of the class of 200. She spent most lectures trying to defend her teaching method. BAAAD!
Worst professor yet. She's unclear and her lectures and handouts do not help. What she lectures on doesn't have that much to do with her exams.
So far my least favorite professor. She's unclear and unknowledgeable. What she covers in lecture doesn't correlate well to the exams. She offers poor resources in comparison to the lecturer who teaches the first half of BIOL 1009.
She does not grade anything, doesn't give feedback, and refuses to make rubrics. shares our personal essays with other students without consent. She brings guest speakers that talk about traumatic things without warning us ahead of time. Assignment descriptions do not make any sense. She does not talk about our assignments in class. unaccessible.
She takes points off papers and assignments and is very vague about why she did . It is difficult to understand her and despite having many grammatical errors in her own power points, she will take almost a whole letter grade off if your "sentences are too long". The class was interesting, just not taught well. Choose a different class if you can
Stay away from him. Could not ever understand him and his grading criteria for exams was awful. Info wasn't hard but exam questions would be worth 3 pts for one word, or he would ask one thing and the opposite for the next thing so you could lose 8 pts in one go. So it was v easy to lose lots of points. The hw was easy enough but unrelated to exam
Very awkward professor, asked several questions during office hours to which she responded by simply staring at me until I asked the question again. Also cancelled office hours often, typically at the last minute
One of the worst professors I've had at this school. He seems oblivious to how boring his lectures are and he over complicates simple concepts. He's had to remove one question from every test he gave out this year because they were worded poorly or we hadn't learned it yet. The final project is worth 20 points and there's no rubric and no guidance
Wang is a nice guy but a horrible prof. He is somehow able to complicate very easy concepts, his lectures could be brutal, and he tested random facts we never discussed. The class is easy, but you'll be too focused on signals and transport to ever study for it. The final project had vague guidelines and felt like it was graded arbitrarily.
Has a tendency to give "figure it out" answers to questions; if we had time to "figure it out," why are we paying you, Trinity? You will run into numerous scenarios where she gives unclear instructions and blames you for poor outcomes. Should probably stick to research and be kept away from students.
she literally cannot even answer questions people have its like she only knows the lecture material and cannot deviate outside of it shes super fast paced and her voice is annoying
The quizzes in this class were super easy but the exams were very difficult. The only things that contribute to your grade are exams and quizzes and Vaiva often got off-topic and would then be running extremely behind on the lecture material so I never felt prepared for exams her half of the class. Hard class if you struggle to memorize things.
Comes in, sits down, and reads off of slides straight from her computer. A terrible lecturer and also unhelpful in person. All exam material comes from the power point slides but they are unclear. Immunology should be an interesting topic but she makes it mind-numblingly boring and puts little effort into teaching relevant or new material.
People told me you just memorize the slides and you are good for the exam. Nope. First of all, all she does is read of the powerpoint and elaborates a TINY bit. The slides are confusing, not clear, and all over the place. Very disorganized. Exams are VERY specific, making them impossible. Oh yea, and no curve. AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.
Genuinely a bad teacher in lectures. Helpful in office hours, but if you have a job/extracurriculars/etc that interfere with you going to office hours you will be miserable like I am. I believe that a teachers lectures should contain everything needed to complete the HW. That is simply not the case for Johnson.
Disappointed in this class. Inconsistent grading and a boring simplification of what should be an interesting and stimulating class.
Awful. I learned more in Prof. Akkin's once a week discussion than in all 3 weekly lectures with Yang. He never explained what he was doing, never explained concepts and just jumped straight into complex examples without even saying what we were doing. Everyone I talked w/ thought the same. Constantly wrong and being corrected by the class.
the worst
Quizzes and tests had many trick questions. He will blame the student instead of his poorly-worded question. Though he is a nice guy, the class was unreasonably hard for an elective!!
This professor comes across as friendly. But, don't be fooled by it. She chuckles a lot but that is because she seems nervous and confused all the time. I learn more from books than from her classes. She kinda confuses me sometimes and also says things that are factually wrong according to the textbook at least. She needs to listen more too.
Bushley is extremely confused and can be confusing. She is probably the most frantic and indecisive person I have met. She hears but does not listen. When asked to be patient, pay attention and listen, she gets defensive and plays the victim card. I might lose interest in biology and genetics if I spent another semester in her class.
Dr. Bushley means well. Unfortunately that's all the nice things I can say about her. Her lectures are confusing and it is clear she hasn't taught before. Her lectures contain multiple errors and at time she gets confused herself. On the practice exams, there were errors that weren't corrected. Tests aren't easy too. Avoid at all costs.
Avoid this instructor if you can. If you have to take it with Brian, get ready to study on your own. The book explains everything much better than him. Terrible lecturer and not responsive in emails.
The class is OK, but the teacher is terrible. He goes on tangents, and he doesn't know how to use zoom and canvas correctly. Textbook he assigned is useless, most information is from slides and my own search. Very heavy on group projects and exams are tough.
Incredible grading inconsistency. 9 person course, outwardly insults you for being a non-nsci student. No respect for COVID, made us drive/commute to campus to pick up materials and risk infection, withheld our grade till we returned her materials. Demands webcam on at all time (against UMN policy). WRITE/READ INTENSE. Very rude. 0/10 but smart.
This class was incredibly difficult due to the lack of direction and explanation in grading criteria. Jan was a tough grader that didn't provide nearly enough prep and was passive aggressive to questions (she even posted emails from students on canvas). The TA's are amazing and can save your grade, but I would still avoid this class if possible.
As an ethics course, not very ethical. The TA's were great and many of the discussions were interesting. Dubinsky did not conduct the class well. She would choose one assignment out of many by dice roll, and roll another one to multiply how much more she'd weigh the grade by. Dropped from an A to a C+ with one sick day - two-sentence task missed.
This is a professor who you cannot be opinionated with-as much as she encourages it she will dock you points if she doesn't agree with your point. She relies so much on her TA's while she doesn't do anything. She assigns on average over 30 pages of reading for each class and they don't relate in discussions. She is polite but disrespectful to ideas
Jan is smart- obviously. She is knowledgeable about neuroscience and twice as passionate about it. That being said, she is a horrible professor. She asks far too much from her students, expecting them to write SO much only to get graded on so little. This class is very tough. The most writing I've done for a class. But it is doable. Good luck.
This was the worst. Janet has no clear guidelines in grading. Spend over 5 hours a week reading and writing and still struggle to pass! Please do not take. I'm a smart student who gets good grades and works hard. Tell friends to avoid! Will learn 0 nsci/psych info. Petition nsci board to complete minor with other class. Horrible, boring lectures!
Took this class to finish off the NSCI minor after loving the first two courses, and hated it. Janet taught the course like a general ethics class instead of a neuroscience specific one. Super sweet lady, but really unclear. The majority of the points come from a group project, and if you get assigned a topicgroup you don't like, you're screwed.
Where do they find these people? Boring. Tests and quizzes do not test comprehension of subject but memorization of useless info. Memorize even the most useless info and you should be ok.
worst teacher EVER!!!
he cares more about curing yeast infection than teaching his course
Fran is one of the worst professors I have interacted with at the U. On top of the NOL classes being a snooze-fest, both Fran and Brittany lie that they actually care about their students. This couldn't be farther from the truth. Any time I actually needed something from either of them, I was made to feel stupid or got a cop-out answer from them.
Brittany, along with Fran, is an awful professor. The class she teaches is boring and is really not valuable at all, and she lies about caring for their students. Any time I actually needed help from her or Fran I was made to feel stupid for asking or got a lengthy cop-out answer from one of or both of them. Shame this class is required in CBS.
He always has errors for the discussion part and there are lots of stuff need to study for the exam
Absolute hot mess. This was his first time teaching, and boy did it show. Tried to be goofy and immature (to endear himself to his students?) but it really just makes him look incompetent. Too much emphasis on group work, with out of control free-loading in the course. Frequent guest speakers that are absolutely pointless and add nothing to class.
Love the class but the teacher supported line 3 so i had to withdraw
Talked a lot more about how ecology is not the same thing as environmentalism than actual ecology concepts. The class wasn't that hard if you could demonstrate that you understood his political opinions and put equations in your assignments. I did enjoy the discussion of tension-cohesion theory and how it determines global patterns of plant height.
Alex Eilts expects you to have his same understanding he's cultivated over a decade from researching and studying ecology on exams despite having failed to teach you anything over a 2.5 week period. So it's impossible to succeed under his reign. I would also like to question the legitimacy of his teaching license...
Professor Alex is impossible. His slides are pictures of landscapes with no words, so its very hard to get any solid content from his lectures. His tests are so riddled with grammatical issues that half the time, you have to spend 10 minutes just trying to understand what the question is asking. Quizzes are based on his opinions, not the book.
There is no way to study for his exams. They are just a measure of if you think the same way as him, and are not written in a way to fairly test you on the material.
Alex's teaching style is horrible. He explains concepts briefly, then goes tangents about specific examples that provide 0 benefit to learning the actual concepts. If you continue to struggle with something or have multiple questions, he will only get irritated with you instead of providing further assistance. I could go on for ages; don't take him
Bad
Not good
Good luck getting your final course grade in a timely manner... Someone needs to inform this person that she is actually contractually obligated to give students grades for their work, it's not optional. You can't just leave grades blank past the end of semester grading deadline and nonchalantly tell students "deal with it" - WHY IS SHE TEACHING?
This class is a mess. Requiring students to complete a group research project entirely online is crazy. Deadlines are all over the place. If you don't get a good group, you're pretty screwed. This class caused me more anxiety than any of my other classes this semester.
We have never personally met, but I have tried to email her 4 times now over 6 weeks & have received no response- very frustrating coming from a Professor. My TA (who runs the class) emailed Kirkpatrick on my behalf and I have still not received a response. I am not the only student with the problem either. Aside from her, the class was awesome.
This class is a mess, though was ultimately very educational and informative. You work in a research lab the entire semester, and must commit HOURS a week outside of class in the lab. A ton of work for a 3 credit class. Quizzes, projects, group assignments, individual assignments all due at random times throughout the week... very frustrating.
Bad professor. Monotone voice puts you to sleep. She also has difficulty explaining simple concepts making them more difficult than they really are.
The most unorganized class I have ever experienced. This week I had 12 assignmentsexamsproject due in 5 days with due dates everyday (including over the weekend). Late posting material, doesn't give you enough time, constantly making mistakes. Students should have the expectation teachers have EVERYTHING prepared before the semester, seriously
Incredibly monotone voice that is difficult to pay attention to for one hour. Doesn't teach just shows slides. Makes easy principals hard to understand because she assumes we know all the jargon of developmental biology.
Disorganized, uninteresting, late to lectures but sometimes unintentionally funny. Still not worth it, don't take his class if you don't have to.
He was late basically every single day and left his tardiness for his poor TA to improvise and deal with. No joke, we watched Blue Planet every class period and he gave us elementary worksheets to complete during each episode then had the audacity to add Blue Planet trivia to exams. Plenty of other credit options, utilize them.
Has typos and mistakes in slides, but spelling counts on exams 80% of your grade is a paper and 3 horribly written exams Called 2 different assignments extra credit for weeks, and then changed his mind Basically just reads off of slides and rambles, exams are about whether you memorized his slides word for word, not whether you understand it
He's a nice guy but.... That's about it. His grading standards aren't clear, he reads off his lecture slides which are impossible to follow, and you are never prepared for the exams. It's clear that he is very scatterbrained and it shows in your own grades. If you end up stuck in the class, make sure to talk to him because like I said, he's nice.
Very unorganized, uninspired lecturer. Very smart, nice guy, and highly respected in his field, but not a good teacher. Copy down lecture slides before class so you can flip back and forth through the information with him, because he is all over the place!
Disorganized, doesn't justify how he assigns the grades that he assigns. Showed up for class most of the time...
Lectures disorganized, too much information, babbles on. Arrives late and goes overtime. The saving grace of the class is Dr. Andrew Simons who coteaches the class.
He likes to refer to himself as a "guide on the side". I guess in a sense he is guiding me to insanity, but other than that he can go to hell. Lecture videos teach absolute dumbed down basics but homework is ridiculously hard. The TA's do everything (BFFR). Thinks he is quirky for liking musicals. He's the only professor so good luck Charlie.
As a student who has almost no knowledge of programming, this class is torture. The homework in this class is impossible and his lecture videos only touch on the absolute basics. He is helpful if you ask questions, but other than that, this class is just insanely difficult. Make absolute use of the office hours and always ask questions. Good luck.
This class is unbelievably difficult. You'll do more work for this class than a 4 credit and its only 2. The problems given as homework are far beyond what any intro course should ask of its students. If you could avoid this class as a BME major I would in a heartbeat. Barocas is a nice guy but his expectations for students are beyond unreasonable.
David isn't a great lecturer. He expects you know that information before lecture sessions, so his lecture isn't doing a lot of explaining or deconstruction. It's rather just a "review" or "going over" what you were supposed to read before hand. For that reason, he will go extremely fast during lectures.
Holy boring lectures. I love biology but would absolutely zone out every time he was talking. Test questions tended to be unfair. Asked about super specific details that no one would ever think would be important to memorize.
Very dry and super boring class. Monotone lectures. This class might seem easy at first because it's pass fail but 80% is actually difficult with this professor. Study hard for the tests and do a lot more than the study guide to do well on the exams. Barely used the textbook
This class is so difficult for no good reason. The material is presented in an extremely lecture heavy, and unhelpful way. Extra credit "pre-tests" help, but an 80% to pass this class is something that you actually have to work for. Kirkpatrick does not explain the material in an effective manner and students are constantly confused.
The lectures are painfully boring and frankly hard to follow even if you can stay awake. It's a pass/fail class, although you need 80% to pass and I'm sure the average for the tests are well below that. Mondays are lectures, Wednesdays are society days. They are boring, but at least you get easy points for participating.
Absolutely awful. This class is designed so that people fail, and the material is so agonizingly boring and technical that no one is motivated to learn. Lectures are long. It's a pass/fail class and you have to get 80% to "pass" which is ridiculous when the test averages are 70%. I really wish this course wasn't required.
I wish I would've checked here before taking a class with him. I truly believe he wants people to fail. His lectures are boring and he doesn't try to help you understand what is going on, he just says what's going on. Lectures are long and technical. Tests are awful and the 'review' and study guide are jokes and don't help at all.
I ignored the bad reviews on this site and took Genetics with him anyway. TERRIBLE DECISION. By far the worst professor I've had in my four years here. Take this class with anyone other than him.
Pros: Extra credit, posts practice tests Cons: pop-quizzes, extra credit comes in the form of a quiz at the beginning of almost every class, lectures straight out of the book, doesn't post PDFs in a timely manner, far too worried about cheating to the point of annoyance, exam questions not proportional to amount of time spent in lecture
If you ask for my honest feedback - AVOID HIM LIKE THE PLAGUE. Everyone who took Genetics taught by Brooker loved it. Kirkpatrick is much too worried about how he will look on paper, i.e., the average, etc. His most popular refrain through out the class is, "we covered this in a previous lecture...". The most AWFUL prof I have ever had at the U.
What an abismal professor. The practice tests don't help, because none of the topics on the practice test are on the exam. The man cannot pronounce the word "because". Listening to him speak for 50 minutes is enough to make you want to kill yourself. Take this class with a different professor, or don't take it at all.
Writing this years later, blatantly messed up grades for the whole class. Brought it up to him, he said I should of put more effort in during the semester. Screen shotted everything before canvas portal was taken down. He changed my grade, never got a response though on the mess up.
He has an accessible presentation and does have deep knowledge of the topic, the potential is there for a great professor, but he has a great pitfall. He takes every opportunity to shame anyone with different beliefs than him while puffing up himself and those who think like him. This is a biology class, not your blog or your platform.
His tests were impossible. I am a very good student, and I got a C in this class. Do not have Melody Lee as a TA because she is an extremely hard grader and I heard most of them were very easy. I would take Horticulture if you need a bio credit for generals. my roommate took it and got an A-
LAME!!!!! That's about it.
I hated this class. Because he is a world famous person who studies lions, he was NEVER at lecture because he was literally in Africa. So we constantly had different prof's.
you need to focus if you want to pass boring and really bad lectures took it for lib ed and i regret it
Dr. Schiff is condescending and not very empathetic. She is unwilling to make accommodations and the feedback is often very harsh (when it does not need to be).
Worst professor EVER! She is very rude and unhelpful. I never met a professor who actually wanted you to fail. Her class is useless. I spent more time trying to learn her style than focusing on the material. She is unclear about what you should study for the exam. Her exams are a complete mess. Too many format requirements!
Very condescending and unwilling to make accommodations for COVID. Tests are very long and memorization heavy. The textbook is very dense and lecture is useless since Dr. Schiff basically quotes out of the book. I had to watch the textbook author's lectures on YouTube to teach myself the material. Don't take this class unless you absolutely have to
Very unclear grading, she says that it is very easy to know what we will be tested on, but is actually very unclear. Condescending and inconsiderate. LONG tests with all sorts of different formats. Office hours are unhelpful. Textbook is difficult to read, but is your best bet to pass this class. Useless lectures, but mandatory for iclicker points
Get ready to feel incompetent because Dr. Schiff does rambles on about her accomplishments while making you feel dumb. I have never gotten a C in my life, but this class really made it impossible to do well without selling your soul to the textbook. Not accommodating during COVID-19, honestly don't waste your time on this class.
Pick a different class if you can, Schiff is not forgiving in her grading and has you running in circles to get even the simplest answers out of her. Very long tests, written, multiple choice, matching, fill in the blank, you name it! Not nice and often very rude. Not a good way to end senior year, especially during COVID-19.
If you value your time and effort, do NOT take this class. I was basically self-teaching for the entire semester and the Schiff was not helpful. Scary lady who 'claims' to be an introvert. Exams are long and super specific, syllabus and assignments are confusing and unclear. Seriously take another class if you can. Please save yourself!
Not a fun class. Lectures are unhelpful but mandatory. Very unclear grading, syllabus is a mess. Tells you not to learn the material by virus type, but then somehow expects you to know material that way. Very specific details on test. Tells you she is looking for one thing, and deducts points for another. Chastised students to be funny, but wasn't
Worst class I've ever taken! Leslie was super unaccommodating and hypocritical! Office hours are unhelpful, and she is very full of herself. During COVID-19 turned 8-10 person group project into an individual project. Confusing textbook. You're better off learning the material yourself, but you are forced to attend class for iclicker points. :(
Definitely the hardest class I've taken at the U. She expects so much and grades very harshly (partial credit is rare). Class is whirlwind 2x speed lectures with lots of extraneous info. Clearly cares, but doesn't know how to communicate well with students. Very condescending. Didn't really change the course to accommodate for COVID-19.
She does not allow you to take notes during class, but gets angry and condescending if you ask her to repeat anything. She also cannot figure out Canvas, then blames the students when they are confused. She is rude, uncaring, and actively works against you. I am not sure why she teaches if she obviously hates her job so much
She has got to be one of the worst professors I have ever had. She will teach you nothing in the 75 min she has and will expect you learn it all on your own. Extremely rude and condescending even when approached in the nicest way about questions. Grading is unfair and often sloppy inaccurate feedback. I would avoid taking her class at all costs.
Requires you to go to class by making clicker questions worth your grade. Then doesn't teach in class, powerpoints are not worth your time, textbook is your only hope. Once referenced the entire internet as a source in addition to the 5 extra articles, textbook, and her powerpoints. Just go by the textbook and treat lectures as popquizzes
She's a micromanager with severe personality defects. She'll have a fit if you want to take notes while she's talking, but then tells you "you need to write if you want to learn". Contradictory in almost every behavioral aspect. I can already tell this class is going to be a nightmare, not for the information, but just trying to manage her moods.
Worst teacher on the planet. She failed me twice for Virology. Best part; she told me ahead of time that she would fail me because I wouldn't pony up 200 bucks for some fancy laser-printed poster during our poster project. Rude, thoughtless, self-important, and expects you to hang on her every word.Save yourself the $2,000 and take it elsewhere.
This professor is horrible. Thinks she rules the world, spends half the lecture time talking about how great she is and what she is accomplishing. takes forever to return homework and tests. Thinks her knowledge overides the book and that if there is a difference, she is right.
Robin Wright is probably one of the sweetest old women ever; however, she is quite possibly the worst professor ever. She never shuts up and is extremely annoying. She does not teach whatsoever. Everything is group work and she never tells you if your group is on the right track. No one bothers me as much as her. Do NOT take her class.
She gave us the questions to the test before we took it, but her grading method sucks. She would take points off for not including information that she didn't ask us for.
This class was split with Decker teaching ecology and Wright teaching cell biology. Decker had everything that Wright did not. She lacked organization, lectures felt pointless, never knew what would be on quizzes and exams, and had to put in so much time outside of class. If you don't understand the basics of cell biology, you are screwed.
She is a nice person. But her teaching style is boring and uninteresting. Came into the class looking forward to learn biology. She made me hate it. Not organized. Exams take entire weekends and even more to finish. At the end of those take home exams, you don't really learn much. If the class averages 40% what does that tell you about the school?
Awful, Awful, Awful..... and Awful.
Where to begin... I signed up for BIOL2002 with Wright and Decker without knowing anything about either of them. That was my mistake, but the real awfulness of the class was Wright and Decker's mistake. They never actually did any teaching, so you end up reading the text cover to cover. Tests are downright cruel and grading is excruciatingly slow.
Horrible teacher, horrible person. Not only is her teaching garbage, but everything about her is as well. She try's to tell you how to learn, and preaches nonsense, worthless study tactics (even puts questions about it on her exams). Biggest joke class I've ever had, and learned nothing. She's a worthless professor, the U needs to get rid of her.
I pray that you don't have her as a professor. Her lectures are pointless. She expects you to read the textbook, and know everything. Lecture is about "testing your knowledge" but she never reveals if you're right or wrong. When I tried to ask her for help with figuring out what to study for the exams, she said "I don't believe in giving answers."
She is the WORST professor that I have ever had. She is not clear about what she wants you to study for the exams, and if you try asking, she does not give you a clear answer. Please don't take this class. Her grading system is messed up, and if you try and ask her why you got a question wrong, she dances around the right answer rather than helping
Awful teacher...
I seriously worked very hard for this class. Biology is very interesting. I spent hours and hours on each test but I was always right about the avg. I do have to say that the tests were not a measure what you learn in class. They measure of how well I could Google. If you really want to learn biology, take the class with another professor.
I put forth a tremendous amount of effort. I love biology and always have. I spent hours and hours on each test and my grades reflected it. However, I did the whole class on my own. The tests were not a measure of what Robin taught me. They were a measure of how well I could Google. If you really want to learn, find another professor.
Don't take any class with her at all costs. She was not interested in attending her own class. Probably because she realizes it is useless. If you are expecting to be taught anything you need to reevaluate your expectations. Robin is not interested in teaching biology. She likes to use her authority to feel important and special.
I have never before considered filing an academic complaint against any instructor, but I need to do this for the good of future CBS students. When 3/150 people in a class get credit for an essay-style question, there is something seriously wrong with the instructor (who was absent for at least 50% of the time, getting "awards" for this class).
It sickens me that Robin is allowed in a position of authority. She LOVES to toot her own horn for winning an a award for BIOL2002, but this class format is the biggest load of garbage I've yet encountered in academia. Take-home exams are primarily meaningless, time-consuming busy work. I'm learning nothing in class. Awful teacher. Hard grader.
Awful teacher
Wow, what a terrible professor. Can't teach a lick. She spends her time in class plodding through unhelpful material. Assigns only busy work, no work that is helpful in learning or the least bit interesting or enlightening. Will not actually grade any work, simply assigns a score to it without any information as to why you lost the points.
Before going through Bio 2002 with Robin Wright, I really enjoyed biology and found it interesting. She is by far the worst professor I have ever encountered. Her lectures are essentially nonexistent and when they are present, they rarely relate to the material. Her grading is very harsh, even with all the extra credit. AVOID HER AT ALL COSTS
In my only meeting, with her, happanstance as it was, and not related to a specific class, I found her absolutely classless, and worse, condescending. My GPA is a 4.0 through the hard sciences. Yet, she questioned everything as if she knew it all. She does not, and rather, has a lot to learn: about students, communicating, life: Just ick!
The rudest, most superficial professor ever! She is an air head and is a wannabe know-it-all. She doesn't know jacksh** about teaching and grades very unfairly and subjectively. One of the unattractive sides of CBS. I have zero respect for this loathsome woman!
Robin Wright was one of the worst professors I have ever had. She would give useless lectures, then make her tests impossibly hard. She would say that she wanted to help, but really did not give any helpful information. She also had major favorites and still has not responded to a request sent months ago about a project regrade she had promised.
One of the worst professors I had in my life. No lectures, high use of textbooks and independent learning class. Avoid this class if taught by her.
Take the other section of this class if at all possible. The class is still not good, but if you really want to major in biology just get through it because the rest of your classes will not be this awful.
She made me change majors because of her inability to teach.
This course takes over your life, if you can avoid it do it. Robin is a ridiculously hard grader, expecting us to know as much as her. The class is completely self taught, you read the text and take a quiz on it(and the quizzes can be tricky). Bio was my major, now because of Robing and this class it isn't.
I loved Biology before I took this class. However, this class made me HATE biology. My high school AP teacher did a better job of explaining the same concepts and I remember learning more from my AP course than I ever did in this class. If you can avoid this class, do it.
By far the worst professor ever. Everything is learned from the book with no going over the text in class. She confuses herself with her own material and cant teach pertinent information. This class is the biggest waste of time and is all on your own. Not only is the class unnecessarily confusing, but its pointless. Stay away from robin.
Do not take this class if you are depressed it will work you down to a point where you simply don't care anymore. Everyone should have to work hard not saying people should be getting easy A's. My problem stems from there not being any assistance for this course and that with no lecture is horrible. You teach yourself. Robin has favorties too.
This is a horrible class. She refuses to lecture, and then gives off the wall assignments that no one is prepared to do. I feel like this is a complete waste of my time. Don't take this class if you don't want to kill yourself.
This has got to be one of the worst profs ever! Not only is she as an asst. dean not helpful, but her powerpoints have got to be the most pointless. Doesn't listen to others' opinion and always thinks she's right. Good luck trying to talk to her.
worst teacher ever
Wow, the University of Washington sure pulled the wool over our eyes when they dumped this lady on us. Maybe we can pawn her off to UW-Madison
I'm going to have to go with the majority on this one. Robin is not only a terible teacher but I would seriously call into question her integrity as a human being as well. No regaurd for students, lots of pointless work(not even graded), and if she was so good looking I would have switched sections
i agree with the comments made. she's a horrible teacher that gives out way too many assignments that don't relate to the course. Her lectures are bad and have nothing to do with the readings in the book. Horrible!
Send her back to Washington, because she is screwing things up in Minnesota
HORRIBLE PROFESSOR, expect a lot of in class quizzes that aren't graded, worthless busy work, and lots of reference to sex. Expects us to know way more than we usually do and considers herself to be the queen of all biology. Unless you want to kick your own ass for a semester, don't take Biol1002W
This professor doesn't understand that students aren't experts in the course. He will just keep talking about topics so meta that no one understands, and when someone points out that he's being confusing he will take it personally. Project expectations are extremely unclear and not discussed. Writes questions wrong and expects correct answer.
Any feedback that you get back (which will be late by the way) won't be of any help to you. This class is required for our degree program and yet I couldn't tell you 1 new thing I learned this semester. He doesn't present the material in a way that benefits the students and has high expectations but doesn't hold himself to the same standard.
James is my least favorite professor I have had in my entire college career. He isn't very approachable and isn't willing to make any exceptions or work with you at all if you have stuff going on outside of school. If you miss a deadline, you're out of luck because he won't accept it. He took a subject I was excited about and made me hate it.
assignments are due at random dates with no consistency whatsoever. Assignments usually ask to tie in skills you learned 3 weeks ago. In his other class, the consistency was even worse often having assignments pushed back a week or two a day before the original due date. In FW5603 (5cr) He posted 4 hrs worth of lectures for the whole semester.
Does not respond to emails... you really have to work for this class!
This professor is extremely frustrating. Expect no real feedback or assistance and disrespectful responses to any of your emails. We're only being tested on questions that WE have created from readings. He strokes his own ego in every lecture as well. No real teaching, grading, or meaningful interactions at all. We've complained to the department.
This was the worst class I have taken in my academic career. His expectations are insanely high while the standards he puts on his students and unrealistic deadlines are made even more frustrating by how disrespectful he is when you email him about questions. He gives you very little in forms of knowledge and teaching and then expects excellence.
Professor Forester doesn't respond to emails, so you can expect no real help and no instruction. If you are already good at GIS or Rstudio you might be able to do an assignment in less than 20 hours. A one credit course should not be nearly so time consuming and difficult like this one is.
James does not respond to emails and is not easy to access for help on assignments. The assignments are just thrown at you with little to no instruction or any help. If you are super good at Rstudio and GIS then you'll probably be fine. There is definitely too much work for a 1 credit class.
Worked for hours each week on assignments for this one credit class. Much more like a 3 credit class with the workload. James is rude and snippy and makes the assignments really hard, even though it is supposed to be an introduction to the concepts. This class is rigged against you, unless you already know the material.
Ridiculous standards with little to no guidance for an undergrad class. He does care, but does a poor job showing it. There were so many projects, memorization, and upgraded requirements that nothing was retained. A useless class for requirements of the major. I learned more about field work in other outlets. This class is a ridiculous requirement.
Very pointless class! Didn't learn anything, and required readings were barely covered. There are barely any instructions for projects, yet they are graded harshly. Don't bother emailing him as he won't respond. Gave us 3 days to complete an entire project and scientific paper, on top of finishing 3 other papers at the same time. Do NOT recommend!
Class is quite difficult and tedious. It will take a lot of time to review material and study for quizzes. I highly suggest getting ahead in the course to have a better grasp of the concepts. Out of all the neuroscience courses I have taken, this was the most challenging. It is difficult to speak to him as he can be condescending .. good luck.
Ghose is straight up not a good professor. He was rude to students who asked questions, and was never clear or concise in his answers or in his (old and reused) lectures. He puts almost no effort into running this course or helping students, he only wants to feed his ego and feel smart.
information and the class itself is SO MESSY. making everything 1000x more difficult. he uses old lecture recordings where hell be pointing at something and you cant tell where hes pointing to, so you dont know what hes talking about. notes provided are super unhelpful. his lectures are jumbled and messy as well
Ghose's exams and quizzes as stated before are quite tedious. He is an extremely vague grader on exams. Weekly quizzes started off pretty tough, but as the semester went on, they were slightly better. The class content was interesting but I really did not care for the way that the class was set up, especially the low quality lectures.
The structure of this class needs to be seriously reconsidered. There is no study guides, practice exams, video lectures are hard to follow, quizzes and exams are very tedious. I was told by many previous students that this was an irritating class but I underestimated the extra workload needed just to try to teach myself everything.
Dr. Ghose tries to be helpful but ultimately falls short. Weekly quizzes arent related to lecture content (which are watched outside of class). His grading criteria is vague and he expects so much from students yet puts in so little work himself. He says that hell accept different answers on exams but only wants what he thinks is right.
Ghose doesn't even lecture. Students are expected to watch his pre-recorded lectures BEFORE class. Class time is then spent 'discussing' these lectures, yet the discussions are usually just Ghose asking irrelevant questions about the lecture; learned almost nothing in lecture. Weekly quizzes are horribly ambiguous, test questions are equally bad.
avoid this class if you have a busy semester. not recommended, this lecturer is terrible. gets off track so much and is not direct whatsoever.
There are only three exams count to the final grade, so if you messed up one you are over. Exams full of details from the lecture and slides, even information on the picture . If you do not have a super strong brain, choose other professors who have quizzes or papers to carry you grade.
The is a really boring class and he is really monotone in lectures. Cut off was an 85 for an A and if you got even 1 point below you get a B. Not a bad class but better to take it with someone else if you want a more fair grading scale.
Reads directly off of slides, doesn't interact with class at all. Has no office hours, no TAs, the syllabus on the moodle site is not updated, there is basically no way to get information from him at all. Tests on minescule details so you have to memorize all lecture slides. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
Doesn't interact with the class No office hours No TA's Very little/no resources
one of the worst professors I've had. The fact that less than half the class shows up for lectures shows just how bad he is at teaching the material. He puts a lot of resources on moodle to study but his tests ask questions on the most irrelevant details. I did not learn anything because I had to focus on memorizing slides instead of learning
Everything you need to learn for this class is in the textbook and on powerpoint slides he posts online. -No need to go to class and sit through boring lectures. Memorize everything on every powerpoint slide even if it seems insignificant. This is what he tests on. I learned nothing in this class even though I never missed a lecture.
Learn to love your textbook. He is super boring, with a voice that lulls you into a trance. The only excitement all semester was when he would occasionally get angry at random students in class and stare them down in silence. INTENSE! If you read your book word for word before the test you will rock out this class.
Seems like a nice guy, but if good lectures are crucial to your grade - do not take any classes with this guy. His lectures are pretty lame.
I strongly detested taking this class, as I found the class setup EXTREMELY impractical. Most of your grade is based on daily quizzes (no "exams", but Wednesday quizzes feel like a mini exam), as well as group work. My group and I average about 75% on quizzes, and we study hard for those. Transitions between chapters are abrupt, feel lost at times.
More interested in teaching about learning techniques than actually covering course material. He teaches you very little about genetics and instead makes the class all about teamwork and group projects. Grading standards are unclear and your grade will be determined by how good your group is rather than your own work. Avoid if at all possible.
Taking this class online is horrific. The group work (there's a lot) is completely online and its setup is very confusing. Being that the class is purely online, the way that the group work, which about half of the entire grade, is set up is almost nonsensical. Also, not clear at all with the grading.
HORRIBLE set up of class (particularly the group work). Probably one of the worst sets up I've ever seen. Very very, not clear with grading criteria. Otherwise nice seeming guy.
Professor Mohr was very passionate about Microbiology but you have to memorize every thing on each slide or you'll do terrible on the exams. He wouldn't send a classmate the lecture notes when she was sick because "It wouldn't be fair to the rest of the class". If you aren't in lab your grade is based soley on exams.
Tests are so specific they can basically be considered trivia questions- honestly didn't learn a thing about microbio. Only have exams in the lecture that determine your entire grade. Doesn't curve the class in any way. Long and unengaging lectures. Doesn't accommodate to students very well.
Dr. Mohr is passionate about Microbiology. Dr. Mohr is clearly not passionate about helping his students succeed and clearly takes pride in his C averages. Impossible to know what he wants filled in the blank regardless of how well you know the material, unless you read minds, which I unfortunately do not. Unwilling to provide feedback. Avoid.
Seems nice during lecture. Knowledgable, but unapproachable. Tends to be disrespectful 1 on 1. Can be abrasive and demeaning. Memorize every word that comes out of his mouth. Difficult grader. Open ended questions, so he can justify taking away points unequally between students.
Not only is this course extremely time consuming, unfortunately this professor does little to help students succeed. In addition, if he decides he doesn't like you he is unwilling to help. I heard him tell a girl in my class that she was a bad student and he told another student that they should consider a career that doesn't involve microbiology.
simply take another a micro class in another department, do not take him. you need to dedicate all of you time to this class and will still likely not get an A. Unless it's the only class your'e taking, you most likely will not have enough time to study to do as well as you can. material is not hard, just time consuming to MEMORIZE. thats all
Terrible experience. I came into this class loving microbiology only to come it hating it. The way that he teaches can only be described as idiotic, completely memorization-based and absolutely nothing that would require thinking. So if you can memorize word-for-word what he says in class, you can pass. But will you learn anything? No, not really.
Probably the worst professor I have ever had in my entire life.
Disrespectful
Terrible. Lecturers are read straight off of power point and the power points them self are often unclear and poorly constructed. Test questions are vague and often not covered in class, making them difficult to study for since the text is not used. Avoid this class and professor, you can learn more on your own and pick a better taught elective.
Honestly hated this class and how she taught it I would not recommend. Lots of busy work and the professor doesn't even respond to emails. She also doesn't grade a single thing, everything is graded by her TA's and some of them suck. For the final you have to write a 30 page paper! Not worth it, don't take this class with her.
Be prepared to be very frustrated. Most emails go unanswered and assignment guidelines are unclear busywork. She helps sometimes but you have to see her in person to get help-- which usually means long lines before and after class. She also makes you buy an expensive polling software which only she seems to use (only for attendance).
She is one of the most unorganized professors I've ever had. We spend the whole class watching animal planet, and then she expects us to know very specific material. Also you waste all your time talking about protists and barely get to mammals. And don't bother sending an email to her. You will never hear from her.
Extremely unorganized. We are more than 4 weeks behind in lecture and she gives the same lecture every day. Going to class is a waste of time. Annotate the textbook chapters and you'll be fine, but I would not recommend her as a professor.
This is one of the most ridiculously confusing professor that I had in college. You gone like her and appreciate the class until you take her first exam. Then you either drop the class or keep it hoping it's gone get better. but trust me, by the end of the semester you'll be regretting taking her class. Don't listen to the comments posted by other
I don't think I learned anything directly from this professor. The class is set up so that 1 day you go over the "key topics", which are extremely summarized and won't help much. The other is dedicated to a quiz and group time. Everything I learned was either from video lectures in canvas (from a different prof), or reading/studying on my own.
She clearly knows what she is talking about but doesn't know how to convey it and seems to be trying so hard to cover all the things she wants to say that it comes out really jumbled. SUPER disorganized and if you don't have background knowledge on what is going on you will be totally lost. Waste of time to go to lectures, read the book inste
Sue likes to read word for word from the book and write paragraphs up on the powerpoint screen and call that note taking. You have quizzes at random so you need to go to lectures. It took a lot to concentrate with her droning on and on but it is interesting stuff, just tough to pay attention.
His exam are really hard; class avg. was B-; he doesn't have office hrs; the tutors were not that helpful. So if you want an A form a study group asap.
Worst prof. at this university. If you want an A in Biochem, take it with Dr. Roon.
WORST prof at this University. Very unclear and sometimes contradicts himself, he has unattainable standards, Lacks credibility to teach, exams were extremely difficult, and his notes are filled with mistakes, never uses the text, has no office hours, and definitely not helpful.
Nice guy, makes weird sex jokes which are uncomfortable, but overall, just a bad teacher- hard to get a hold of, tests and difficult unrelated Microsoft Office assignments makes up too much of the grade. Don't take Nature in the City. In class quizzes are easy, but make up little of the grade, midterms come without warning and you will fail.
Terrible teacher. Does not know when to stop speaking and is not able to teach course subjects without getting off task. To pass the course all you need to do is look through your text book and look through the slides online.
Hated Jay's teaching style. Expected a bio lecture, but instead of lecturing to us we sat at round tables and he wandered around the room. He would give us group questions and expect us to answer them when he hadn't even explained the topic yet. Tests were awful. What he said in lecture would be different from book so you didn't know what was right
I am absolutely certain Jay Hatch is the worst teacher I have ever had. Condescending towards students, refuses to answer questions clearly, and has no teaching ability. Expects students to surpass his expertise in a few days through useless memorization. Cannot treat students as peers or adults. Doesn't deserve even a 0 rating. AVOID.
I took this class because I needed to for my major, but I wish there would have been another option. Jay could never manage to stay on task during lectures, and would blame the class for being behind. But, it was his fault because he never stopped talking about random things. Also, the test in this class were so hard because we not learned anything
To tell you guys the truth, Hatch is the worse teacher that ever that walk the planet because, he talks about irrelevent stuff or**** that does not have anything to to do with the biology lessons that we learn the days that are we there and to me we are suppose to learn new things and go through many slides. He goes through couple of slides. Bad!!
Jay Hatch is a fun teacher, but he honestly wastes way too much time in class talking about irrelevant subjects. The course isn't easy at all, so if others tell you that, don't believe so. The course might seem easy at first, but his exams are way too hard and he doesn't have curved grading system, so what you get is what you get.
Dr. Tiffin is one of the most passive aggressive and difficult professors at the University. He purposefully makes test questions unclear, and is not willing to cooperate with students. Surface level, he seems like a relaxed guy, but trust gopher grades on this one, there is a clear reason why he ranked the lowest. He is not a good professor.
Doesn't seem like he always knows what he's trying to do, to be honest. Mistakes are common and often, and it's nice that he gives points back for them, but makes it difficult. Isn't always clear during lectures, and even when you're trying to ask clarifying questions, he isn't too helpful still. Be ready to study hard if you want to pass.
I feel like this whole class at the U is a mess, but Tiffin certainly didn't make it any easier. His lectures are confusing, nothing on his slides, but also can't follow what he's talking about. Tests are hard with lots of typos and the wording of questions is confusing, it's really a guessing game. Quizzes are on things that haven't been taught.
He's one of those guys who is out of this world, knows a lot but cannot convey well. He is a very tough grader, he sometimes never says why points were deducted. His slides are missing information and his questions are very vague. IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A MISERABLE SEMESTER, LOOK NO FURTHER THAN THIS GUY!!!
Okay guy. Terrible professor. Promises to give credit back on poorly written quiz questions each week, but then changes his mind later and never gives credit - probably 10 points have gone this way over the semester. One of those professors where everything makes sense to him, yet has no sense of how to convey that information to others. Avoid.
Tiffin is awful. Lectures are entirely useless and exams and problem set questions are indecipherable. The worst professor I've had in the Biology department ever.
One of the worst teachers I have ever encountered on U of M campus. His lectures don't follow a clear train of thought and his test questions are completely random and almost impossible to decipher. DO NOT TAKE any class he teaches!
Very difficult class. She is very knowledgeable. I went to her office hours and she asked me to drop the class. She did not offer studying techniques or other help. It was very discouraging.
This is the hardest class ever, studying did not work at all. She has insufficient notes which she heavily uses for tests. Got screwed in this class.
Tests were very hard. Most of the exams in this class had averages of about a B from the other lecturer, but his were about C-D range. He had many trick questions on exams. His lectures were great but did not prepare you for the difficulty of the exam.
Not great. Grading criteria is confusing. You get points off for things that were never mentioned in the assignment instructions. i.e. "make a graph and submit it" and you get 1/10 because you were also supposed to write a 10 page paper or something. Impossible to do well on the tests unless you're a mind reader. Do not recommend.
This man is honestly awful.. it's an online class so I had to email questions and his responses were vague and confusing. Couldn't explain anything in a way that was clear to a person who hasn't used R before. I relied on the wonderful 3 TA's all semester for help. If you have to take this, I highly recommend bing ai (so does he).
Dr. Katagiri is clearly excited about the content but the lectures are incredibly difficult to understand and the content within them is not very helpful. Tests are difficult and it is very hard to understand what from the lectures will be on them. Do not take this class with Dr. Katagiri if you are able to avoid it.
Fumiaki is clearly competent and excited about stats but I don't think he should be teaching it. My confidence for stats was already low but it is even lower after taking his course. The homework and exams feel designed to make you feel stupid, and the course material does not prepare you for any of it. I didn't have a life when taking this class
Worst professor I have ever had. Does not explain when to use statistical tests. Lectures are long and very confusing, exams are hard. Take a different class!!
Hard to follow, I feel so hopeless watching his lecture videos, then Google what he's teaching and find out I could have explained it in 5 seconds. Also note that late submissions on Homework are allowed! They waited until halfway through the class to tell us, jipping me out of a lot of points.
Ridiculous that he's still a professor! Assignments almost always are impossible to complete because they are not based on the material in the textbook or anything he covers in the lectures. Don't take this class if Katagiri is the professor.
Fumiaki is the worst instructor I have had from kindergarten through college. The other reviews are accurate. This class equals extreme confusion multiplied by terrible suffering. Please never take this course from this professor.
I was really excited to take this class because I actually enjoy statistics. Unfortunately I didn't get anything out of this class because all he does is ramble off different tests without clearly explaining differences or when to use each. It's clear he doesn't understand much of the questions we have either, so really hope you get a good TA.
Dr. Schottel is a kind person but honestly a terrible teacher. She goes so fast it's almost impossible to keep up with her in lecture. Her exams are incredibly hard. Her class is all about memorization. This class has been way too much for three credits. One of the worst classes I have taken so far. Biochem is tough, but she makes it far worse.
Dr. Schottel has very dry lectures and even though there are in-class worksheets, they aren't that interactive and they don't prepare you that well for exams. It was hard to pay attention during lecture because it is so dry and the exams are SUPER detailed, so heads up.
Dr. Schottel is caring, but her class was horrible for me. Lectures are dry, reading off PowerPoints, there are very few points in this course, and exam questions are painfully detailed. Our final exam average was 69%. This class had a huge curve and I feel I have not learned much sadly. Not recommended.
This is a very challenging class in general. Howver, I would not reccomend Janet as a professor specifically because viewing pictures from google on a slide show is not an effective method for me to connect my knowledge. The third exam of this course requires complete memorization of all cycles, their intermediates, enzymes and function. IMPOSSIBLE
She is such a bad biochem prof. Takes points off for every little thing and attendenace is mandatory
If you have the option, avoid Dr. Schottel for biochem. Clearly she knows a lot and is passionate about the subject, but her lectures are dry and confusing. Slide shows are very hard to follow and are meaningless unless you actually go to lecture. I taught myself what I learned in this class but problem sets and in class problems were useful.
As a pass/fail course (80% pass), this class was tough. The material is easy, however, there is an incredible amount of busy work and group work. There is also required attendance and weekly quizzes for extra credit, so it is necessary to sit through Schottel's excruciatingly long and boring lectures.
Worst prof I have ever had, you can get a good grade but you will need to memorize alot of useless information and most of it is so esoteric, you will forget it in a month/ Terrible, avoid her if you can
She flies through her slide show (that's only pictures) spouting off vital information that will appear on the test, and then proceeds to choose the most random information from her lectures to put on her insanely hard tests.
Agree wother reviews. Prof includes a billion complex details, whips through them quickly and quietly, then adds a comical, "ok?" to the end of her sentences while the class, glass-eyed, remains in an overloaded stupor. Wish this was either less detail-inclusive class or a 2 semester course. She's nice, but not good at simplifying in the least.
I think she's been teaching for so long she has forgotten what it's like to NOT know this material. She packs seemingly thousands of minute details into her lectures at a very fast pace and assumes you'll absorb it instantaneously. Often found myself trying to figure out which large-named thing she was talking about. Clicker q's were good though.
She talks way too fast and way to quietly. Her microphone is supposed to reach the entire audience, but it never does so effectively. Her tests are a nightmare.
It's not worth going to class if you're going to read the book. She goes through the lectures at light speed. Unhelpful in every way, one of the single worst professors I've ever had.
Probably one of the worst professors I ever had. Completely inconsistent, makes simple things way more complicated than necessary, and boring... I did well in the course, but that is no thanks to Janet... If you take a course with her, you will absolutely regret it.
It was a struggle
Do whatever it takes to avoid class with her, exams are extremely hard and questions can be random. She expects you to know things beforehand.
Can only miss 2 labs and on the third, you fail the class. Lecture attendance doesn't matter as much, but you will lose a lot of iclickr points. Exam material is not from the book as much as the lecture videos.
He doesn't have lectures in the classes. He doesn't teach things in the classes. This is more like a self-study course. We need to read book and watch videos before class. In the class, he gives us some questions and we need to figure out as groups. These questions will be graded and directly influence your total grade. NEVER take his class again.
Not gonna lie this class was not enjoyable and the assignments are confusing
It's a flipped classroom so going to "lecture" is basically pointless. The in-class activities, quizzes, and test questions are very confusing and since it is a huge class with only 3 people (1 professor and 2 TA's) helping out, they cannot answer any of your questions unless you email them.
If you need to take a Biology for your generals you should take the in-class version of Biol 1001. You still have weekly group lab work, and it's really difficult to try and get your group to coordinate times to work together. Other than that, the tests are very difficult, and you will be reading A TON for the lack of lecture online class.
Her lectures are not informative at all, and when students ask for clarification or help on classwork, she only poses a set of rhetorical questions that are of no help to anyone. The questions she writes for the exams are always riddled with errors, which she corrects several days after the exam is released.
Dr. Schuchardt clearly cares but is really difficult to learn from. You (pay full tuition) to learn everything on your own with no help then take a quiz first thing on Monday. Also, exams are super unnecessarily difficult--being take home exams that require you to write literally 4-6,000 words over 4 days to get full credit, which took forever.
Terrible professor
Dr. Schuchardt has good intentions and wants to share her knowledge with her students but she doesn't know how to communicate properly. She expects students to know little details about random processes which would normally make sense but this class is very content-heavy and covers loads of material so it is essentially to memorize everything.
