Funny way to impart education
He is a hard teacher, but he can be really funny at times... he can be somewhat unclear though.
Fun professor that loves computer science. Riedl knows his stuff and presents well. He is sometimes unclear on grading criteria and gives vague requirements. Talk a lot and be friendly if you want to ensure a good grade. See him in person because he is very slow with email.
very good teacher. very knowledgeable on the subject he taught. could have made the grading a little bit easier, and the final project was no joke.
Course material is a bit dated. Lectures can be hard to follow, but are straight from the textbook (which he co-authored). Factor in lots of time for homework, especially the final assignment! Homework is all programming, but exams are mostly theory and will catch you out if you haven't brushed up on algorithms and analysis.
Karypis is a pretty good lecturer--a bit hard to understand at times, but usually clear. However, he assigns crushing amounts of homework. His programming assignments take 30+ hours of work and they are individual, not group assignments. His class was the most work-intensive I have ever taken, EVER. Do not take if you have other stuff to do.
Karypis is a friendly guy -- respectful towards students. Homeworks were generally easy - a couple programming assignments were TOO long IMO. Most annoying thing was it took FOREVER to get results. We're talking about weeks of waiting for test/homework grades -- and even final grades were posted several days after the official UofM deadline.
He a good professor who knows his materials but can be hard to undertstand at time. Must keep up in reading to understand the concept. Good professor to take class from as you will be make to think and you will know the meaning of studying from this professor.
No Comments
Not too difficult of a class. Not much work. Class was just work time. Only pain was the daily quizzes of the videos online that had nothing to do with the class.
The professor is friendly and approachable but the course structure is pretty bad. Basically, you are expected to learn the materials yourself by watching coursera videos and quizzed on it every lecture. Also, it's pretty obvious that the instructors have minimal experience with Android so don't expect much with developing apps.
Course teaches about building app strategies. A lot of afterclass videos to watch. Do NEED good group to be successful. Project needs A LOT documentation. Expect writings. Presentation and paper weighs most. Very time consuming course ( 5 credits). Concepts are not hard. Recommend this prof if app is really your thing. You learn a lot. Easy test.
Loren was an awesome, very clear, very understanding professor, who really tried to instill in everyone the same passion for computer science as he clearly has.
This instructor gets his points across pretty well, but the lab exercises, while easy, don't give you any experience. This makes the assignments quite difficult to complete. Expect to spend a fair amount of time on each one.
For people who had never delt with OO programming the class might be somewhat challenging. The assignments are fairly challenging, expect to spend approx 10 hours on each assn. Tests are pretty good, all of the concepts are on sample tests or have been well covered in lecture. The lab is cake, just copy and paste code.Eclipse IDE is nice to work on
Expects a lot from students, in the forms of quizzes and projects. Offers a lot of help and is informative toward subject.
An okay professor that expects a little too much of his students right off the bat. His teaching style is alright but the projects are a fair amount of work. His pace is quick.
The class is easy at the beginning, but gets tougher along the way. The professors seemed to explain stuff like they were easy, but sometimes they weren't. Make use of the TA office hours for HW, but you have to understand the concepts on your own. Pros: there is a lot of extra credit. Cons: Strict grading and you have to solve problems their way.
He is a good teacher for the most part. I feel like his attitude towards students has changed from what people have previously posted. The class started off very easy but ended up getting very difficult. Keep up with lecture in your homework!
He definitely knows what he is talking about. He explains things pretty clearly. The only problem was the he is kind of a jerk to students to have a "dumb" question, or one that he deems stupid. He can be a real jerk sometimes, but he is good at teaching aside from that major drawback.
Class covers a lot of different material. Depending on your background it may be extremeley easy, hard, or in the middle (in my case). Reading the book is essential for most. The tests and hwk are somewhat hard, but there is a lot of opportunity for extra credit. He also has lots of office hours and encourages visits. Overall very good prof.
Professor Yew can best be described as fine. Lectures just consist of him reading off his slideshow, with little added content. The homework and labs were pretty easy if you looked at his lecture notes and the textbook to guide you. Midterms were mostly made up of really easy problems with a few unexpected questions sprinkled in. Easy B, Hard A
The class wasn't that difficult, you just have to teach yourself everything. Lectures are just PowerPoint presentations. Exams were based off problems from the textbook and the Verilog programming assignments were straightforward and didn't require prior knowledge of Verilog. This class has some overlap with the topics introduced in CSCI2021.
I honestly didnt think he was that bad, and he certainly didnt have such a heavy accent. However Youll likely have to teach a lot of material to yourself. Be sure to understand the homeworks. If youre on the CSCI section of this course learn Verilog before since the EE/CompE students have learned it before. lass is curved so unclear grading
Prof. Yew is not the most accessible or understandable professor you'll have - but he knows his stuff. You'll need to do the reading to do well in this class, but midterms and quizzes have no surprises. Labs are tough but rewarding, if you get started early they're not a problem. Grades initially are awful, but the curve is very generous.
Fair instructor for this course. He expects people to put in the work as expressed in the 1st class. You must read the book! do all practice problems! be ready for lecture with material read! otherwise you'll be playing catchup the entire semester. Goes onto next material before testing. His teaching style is with power points.
Not as bad as other people are saying, especially for 2021. Yes the lectures and labs aren't original, but other professors won't be any different for such a universal course. Labs and tests are hard and require quite a significant amount of time, but the class is curved at the end. Textbook is absolutely required, huge help.
AMAZING professor. Easy to understand. Labs are pretty easy with exception of the Architecture Lab. Don't go the lectures--they're a waste of time if the class is too early in the morning for you.
The course was led by the textbook we used so the old slides and some of the labs were provided by the authors of the textbook. Overall, he doesn't want to "spoon feed" his student but rather they learn by themselves. The questions I had were answered well by him and the very helpful TA Andy
I never have trouble understanding professors' accents, but this was a real challenge and he mumbles! When asked questions during lecture, he doesn't understand what's being asked so most people just gave up. Tests cover WAY more than he ever did in lecture or readings. BAD prof but he's a big deal at the U so don't badmouth him to other profs.
Had Tian for Operating Systems and it was definitely the easiest computer science course of my entire career at the university. TAs were awful and late with everything, but really not the professor's fault. Strong and hard to understand accent, but when you can understand it, he's an enthusiastic guy with a passion for what he does. Not bad at all.
He's very enthusiastic about his subject and is fun to interact with in class. Sometimes he can be hard to understand because of his accent.
Not a bad teacher. Takes the time to explain examples very well in class. Class examples however are very simple compared to homework problems. As far as homework goes it's hard, requires Matlab which isn't taught in class, and you can only figure out about half of it from lectures and the book. Test are easier, fairer, and so is final grading.
Good lecturer, but exam is not well designed. This is a machine learning course not a calculus course, but he put most questions at asking you to derive maximum likelihood estimator and 0 question about testing students' abilities of understanding and explaining machine learning concepts.
this class was unlike any csci class iv seen. you know the material. you have done very well on the homework. you read the book and go to office hours and still some how get 50% on midterm and final. TAs would cut most points off for techincalities like descriptions of algorithms. avrage of the class was 65% which is a c+ . try to avoid.
I found his slides (pretty much taken out of the book) less confusing than his lectures (he rambled and was clearly not prepared). Problem sets were unreasonably long, and the tests were poorly written (basically boiled down to whether you had algorithm X written on your cheat sheet). Take algorithms with Carl and save yourself the headache.
I've had Baylor in the past (I believe he's no longer at the U) and enjoyed him both times. He's an engaging lecturer, even if things are rather all over the place. You do end up teaching yourself a bit, but the posted slides help greatly. The assignments were reasonable and so was the grading. He's unorganized and quite passive aggressive, however
Baylor isn't the best professor when it comes to making sure students understand the subject matter. Many students like him because he is a funny, easy going guy, but I wish he took a more structured approach to his lectures and way of teaching the material.
Students enjoy Wetzel because he is highly informal and tells a lot of jokes, but I wish that he took a more systematic approach to the material. I found that I had to teach essentially had to teach myself a lot of the time because the lessons were so loose.
Pretty fun and interesting projects. Class is nice if you are new to CSCI and programming, but if are aren't new, it can be a very long and tedious process, but only quizzes and labs require attendance
Decent teacher but not great at explaining concepts to beginners-instead of reinforcing concepts in various ways, he makes people feel bad for not understanding. Class is graded ridiculously harshly, penalized for small mistakes. Blames bad test grades on student inability and procrastination, when he should be looking at grading policy & himself.
I felt as if I had learned a lot, passing lab each week, even though I was failing both the quizzes and exams. Exams were impossible and you don't get credit for doing the correct work. If you don't get it exactly as they have specified you will get 13% (lol) , so yeah I failed the class and have to take it again. Overall a really horrible class.
Jensen is nice, but this class can be pretty stressful because so much of your grade is based on weekly quizzes that can pull material from labs, exercises, or readings. The readings are mostly worthless (you're better off just learning by doing), but he occasionally uses material from them to deflate quiz grades. The core material isn't that hard.
Lectures are optional, labs are mandatory (you can miss/fail two though). Homework assignments are somewhat trivial if you attend lectures and do the pre-reads (online, no physical textbook). Mid terms are simple and somewhat easy if you utilize the allowed-to-use one sheet of paper you can bring into the exams.
He's got a fun sense of humor and describes concepts very well from using simple examples, analogies, and historical connections to simplify and explain complex concepts.
Makes lectures fun and interesting. Very sarcastic so if he calls you out on something don't take it personally. Available to answer questions during office hours but will not help with homework assignments. TAs have a lot of different hours to help with homework and other questions. Tests can be tough but they are doable if you study.
He is a clear instructor, but reading textbook prior to class can boost your understanding exponentially. His lecture is hilarious and enjoyable. His labs are mandatory, and they are good chances to review materials. If you skipped, you will struggle a lot unless you are a genius. However, he does not discuss homework with you. You need to go TAs.
I didn't have any prior programming experience, and I found that this class really helped me learn a lot. At the beginning, it felt like everyone else in the class had a lot more programming experience, but I was quickly caught up to speed with everyone else. The homework is really tough, but the tests were manageable.
I enjoyed the content of the course and his pedagogy. He was often a bit of a jokester, however sometimes it was at the expense of embarrassing students (e.g. when one kid said he had completed an assignment the day after it was assigned and he basically said the kid had no life which led to the entire class laughing to his embarrassment).
This course can be extremely difficult if you have no background in computer programming. At first, the class seems like a breeze, but it got really hard really fast. Labs are 4 hours long and usually require an additional 2-4 hours outside of class. Jensen is a good teacher in lecture, but the labs are much harder than the material he teaches.
Not the most exciting person to listen to but I mean it could have been worse. He knows his stuff and is passionate about what he does.
Pretty clear lecturer. Lectures were boring, but not confusing. Clearly defines expectations for class. I would attribute my barely-passing grade to not attending class often enough. Tests were difficult though, especially the final. They focused on theory and proofs. Doable but challenging class. And I think I would recommend Gary for this class.
Very passionate, very helpful to students, interesting research. He has the makings of a great professor but is new at it and so currently (Fall 2015) his lectures aren't very coherent and substantive often.
Professor Dasuki is helpful and easy, but not very clear (he mumbles a lot.) He deserves the chili peppers - he's a solid 7/10 (would be 8/10 if 5'10" and 10/10 if 6'2".)
Class attendance recorded via simple daily quizzes on assigned lecture videos were the majority of the grade. The mobile app project the class revolves around was very doable even without android experience. Do the work and you'll get an A.
you do need to be really good at 3D math to survive. got 99/100 for 2033 and still was frustrated and lost half the time. lecture pace is fast, don't be surprised if you are lost. he gave many hints for assignments, so it's possible to finish them. tests are a bit rough. overall the content is interesting, but I feel like I didn't learn much.
I had him his first semester teaching and overall I think he did a pretty decent job. The beginning was really tough because he seemed to expect us to know a lot more than we did but it got better as the class went on. Homeworks can be pretty tough but the labs help out a lot if you learn how to do them.
I took CSCI 1933 in the summer in part because I heard mixed things about Dovolis. Polzin isn't the best professor out there but he more or less teaches you enough for the material you need to work on. He's not exactly affable (that might've just been due to online teaching), but what he lacks in personality he makes up for in brevity and clarity.
Retakes are much harder than the original exams like why? It doesn't make any sense and it just confuses people I know it's a technical/problem solving course but still, sorry but the retakes really affected my grade & even with studying the materials and lectures he posted, he decides to confuse people on the retake for no reason what's the point
Prof Knights was able to explain the difficult content of the class fairly well. Fair warning though, the homework assignments can be really long and intensive if you're not a CSCI major. I think Prof Knights would have been better during a normal (non virtual) semester. He was not very accommodating and often came off as rude.
Dan is an awesome professor. His lectures and quick and most of the time you won't understand what he's talking about until you read the book. But if you ask questions he is more than willing to help you out. TA's were terrible, so double check all of the grading and if you have questions, go directly to Dan. Do all practice problems.
Not sure why Travis has such bad reviews. Sure he's a little disorganized and the class got off to a slow start, but he's a really genuine guy and seems to really care about the class and the subject matter. Grading really hasn't been that tough either, it's not a super hard class so far. His lectures are short and the textbook is awful though.
Lectures are near useless for the homeworks because of the high level of abstraction and math, rather than teaching students how to apply it, project is insanely difficult with high expectations, students are expected to already have mastered deep learning frameworks to even start. Park is obviously intelligent but often comes off as condescending.
Prof Park provided great lectures and assignments. The materials are well organized. Two things may be improved: 1. The slides are not very efficient. TOO many visualizations sometimes made us lose track of the key idea. 2. The expectation of the project is ridiculously high. You are required to beat a paper published in the last 3 years.....
Park is rather quiet when lecturing, although he does a decent job. There is optional homework, and 3 mandatory projects (1 is dropped). There are 7 quizzes and 3 midterms, each of which ask fair questions as long as you pay attention. The final is also fair, and a cheat sheet is allowed on each test. Gotta practice and use the textbook, though.
2011 was harder than it should've been. I found myself bored in lecture and relied on the book for better understanding & practice. Homeworks were graded a bit harsh and at times were incredibly hard for no reason. TAs couldn't help much on the homeworks due to him not having the answer keys. Exams were open note & not too difficult of problems.
I wholeheartedly agree with the previous reviewer. It's unfortunate because there is a lot of very interesting material but it's integrated in the most uncreative way possible for a course such as this one. Exams and essays are also not trivial and there is a substantial amount of busy work. Take advantage of extra credit if you want an A.
Professor Barry gave boring lectures that were hard to follow and honestly you're probably better off just reading the book and not attending lectures. Homework was graded very harshly but the weekly quizzes were pretty easy. The first half of this class was hard and annoying but it gets better.
I liked this class. I think you'll dislike it if you don't enjoy reading, writing, or history. Barry picked good topics and the class was well-structured. I agree with the other commenter. I watched Barry on 2x speed and I would struggle with staying attentive if it were in person. There was lots of opportunity for gimme points and extra credit.
Prof. Barry is the reason that that 2x speed button was invented. Decent lectures, but very (very) slow. This wasn't a big deal because i could just speed up the video, but I'm not sure I'd want to take an in person class with him. The content of the course is pretty boring, but that's not really the fault of the professor. Lots of busy work.
This professor has been given some very interesting and varied content for this class. The method of engaging with the content, however, is exhausingly boring. Discussing ethical and philosophical ideas with classmates has been reduced to a text crawl of soundbytes thanks to overuse of a platform called menti. Be prepared for some boring lectures.
Barry is a nice person but he grades harshly. He gave about an 80% avg grade in my course which is a B-. He seems to think that these are good grades but I think a lot of people were surprised and frustrated. If you want an easy A don't take him. Also, the course content was eh.
Professor is quite fair. He drops one midterm, one hw, and two in class exercises, which is great. Hw is rather hard and time consuming but you need to know how to do it for the tests. Lectures are pretty dull, and I hated in class exercises. Stopped attending and started just teaching myself. But i did review lectures online Take him if you can
Not a bad instructor, but I found his lectures to become stale throughout the semester. He often puts an example on the board and waits a minute or two for the class to complete it, even if it is something he had just introduced. I found this to become very annoying and eventually lost all focus in class. Other than that, his exams are very fair.
Dr. Barry is honestly not great at presenting material. His lectures can seem disorganized and confusing. But he's good at answering questions and his home works and exams are reasonable. Get ready to take notes though. He tests on material not in the books, but doesn't post notes online.
Homeworks are once a week. The exams are mostly based on the homework problems, so study those. As for the professor, he isnt bad at what he does, he follows his schedule and teaches through examples for each section. Requires you come to class at least once a week to "participate" in a in class assignment. You can miss class as long as you study.
CLEAR PPT! His lecture are dull/long reading directly off PPT but require attendance. (Hard to stay focused) Heavy load project assignments. Helpful at teaching writing assignments. Pretty FAIR exams. Not hard to get a good grade but depending on your team. (Chosen by TAs). Very approachable and friendly. Course itself is related to industry a lot.
Analysis of Numerical Algorithms is a tough class in general. He provides some guidance but the class is geared for those with a previous in-depth understanding.
No Comments
Didnt really enjoy the class, he was rather boring. One thing he's good at is posting notes and such on the class web site.
Took 4211 & 5221 with him, and the materials are okay as long as you read the things and do it. Exams & homework are tricky, but pretty flexible about the assignments I suppose.
I don't know what he is talking about. I was thinking that he was going to explain some useful stuff. He is intended to explain his area not the basics of the course. I really don't like his lessons. By the way, the assignments are so tough and I spent most of my time to his assignment knowing that I will never use them again
I liked the course after taking it. He did a lot of Matlab examples in class and that really helped as I used it for all my homeworks. His exams were quite difficult and most people in the class often ran out of time. Average-above average instructional abilities.
Tough class for most but Jon is a good guy. His lectures are a little scatterbrained and he could use some slide reorganization. Exams are HARD but not worth as much as projects, make sure you get good groups for those and take advantage of ability to switch them if necessary. Quizzes and labs are easy. You get a lot of drops.
Grading was generous but the class was by far the hardest I've had to take in the major. The group projects were quite long and difficult and stressful to debug. The material is hard as Unix feels very unintuitive, and Jon's lectures did alright at breaking things down but were fairly minimal and expected us to fill in the gaps.
Hard class. Not a bad professor by any means but I personally really disliked the format that he taught in (i.e. having prerecorded lectures before the synchronous time) and it ruined the class for me. Look for good group members, however, don't give a group member all the control of the projects. I feel like I didn't learn as much as a result.
Tough class with tough material and a ton of work. I usually fell asleep in his lectures because they were kind of boring and he dimmed the lights, so I stopped going and was able to teach myself everything. Make sure you get good group members for your projects
Dr. Redish is very knowledgable! His concepts are very difficult in the class, but he constantly is asking students if they have questions or understand the material. Plus, he really encourages students hours. Overall, it's a difficult class and he is a tough grader, but all the exams and homeworks are open note making them much easier!
He's a pretty good lecturer but with the class being 2.5 hrs long its kind of hard to pay attention completely. grade is made up of 3 labs and 1 final which can be pretty easy if you have decent coding background otherwise youre in for a wild ride. He's willing to help but takes a while to respond to emails (he warns you of this). Otherwise 6/10
Definitely helped to already know C going into this. The projects weren't too difficult but could be time consuming. Final was hard because it was completely theory based and no coding. Going to lectures helped because that is where he explained all the theory stuff you needed for the final.
It's a really easy class if you know C, perl, or shell scripting. If not, you go super slow. The final was pretty challenging as it wasn't coding questions, but more how the languages work like character vs pointer array stuff. Advantages of disadvantages of interpreted and compiled code, etc. He also doesn't respond to emails very fast, if at all.
Overall good lecturer- is funny and odd, but in a good way. Occasionally I couldn't help but feel mathematically outclassed, but the most important topics were often explained in thorough detail. Show up for class, pay attention, and his homeworks are doable. We had no actual examinations He only wants his students to learn, grading reflects that.
Pretty good. The class was based on interesting coding assignments and relatively easy open-book tests. His lectures were a bit boring though, and so I didn't go to many. Still did fine in the class. You're supposed to find a partner for the coding assignments, but sometimes it can be tough to find a good one. They were easy enough to do alone.
My impression is that Chandra's 4061 offering is easier than the others (Weissman, Tripathi etc.). Some students had overall grades above 100% due to extra credit. The labs weren't as bad as I expected, and the exams were surprisingly simple. Chandra's lectures were clear, but sometimes so general that I felt like I wasn't actually learning much.
His lectures are fairly slow and boring, he's not a bad professor by any means and explained things well and pretty intuitively but I preferred reading the textbook for this class, which he co-wrote. The book was quite helpful and fairly easy to read. He also had us use slido for in-class participation and I didn't find it worthwhile.
Kumar is a great professor, but this course is terrible. It is not hard but lots of ambiguity. Besides, there are too much things you need to remember. It is an English and statistic course instead of a csci course. Lecture is interesting but sometimes is useless. Think well before you take this course.
This course is so difficult to deal with. There are so many assignments and It takes so much time. I would not take this course if I knew that.
Lectures can be dry and unrelated to actual material, but the class wasn't too hard to do by yourself. The tests can be somewhat hard if you aren't prepared.
Honestly she is very and passionate about computer science. She tries to make the class as hard as possible for you while making it seem like what she is doing isn't that difficult. Makes and introductory class to comp. sci harder than it needs to be, and nearly scares kids away because of so. Sign up for the other professor, she nearly ruined it
She is OBSESSED with pokemon. It was funny at first, then it just got weird. The class overall is easy. If you attend most lectures and read the textbook, you'll be fine.
Lana is very nice and very helpful. Her lectures are interesting and informative. The class is based around a semester long group project where you work together to design and create an app. A good amount of reading is required. She often has pop quizzes after a reading, so make sure you remember the names of the terms in what you read.
It is clear that Sattar cares about teaching, he does a good job making sure his lectures are engaging! My only complaint is that sometimes he can get easily side tracked. His teaching can sometimes be all over the place, which makes it hard to follow (especially as someone who was new to coding).
Junaed is a nice enough guy, though the lectures are often slow and mostly pointless. You will likely end up teaching yourself most course content, which is not difficult since everything is introductory and easily found online. In his office hours, however, Professor Sattar is very helpful and easily reached outside of class.
Respected
lectures were boring but IMPORTANT! The exams are based off the lecture notes so take good notes. only 3-4 questions on exam. Also go to office hours early for projects and homework because there is not a lot of TA's.
He gave little to no resources. Nothing was uploaded online besides a few lecture codes. Lectures sometimes messy. Exams were reasonable, but given the amt of content & no assistance, it felt like we went in blind. You're fine if you're good at coding. Grading was slow, unorganized, and a bit harsh. Moen is nice, caring, & helpful outside lectures.
Moen only assigned three homework assignments across the entire semester, which was not ideal, as you were graded on that, two midterms, and a final, so good luck if you messed one thing up. However, his lectures are entertaining. He doesn't seem well prepared for class, but made it work somehow. Not super in-depth info wise.
It's a boring class and I feel like I haven't learned anything. Class isn't difficult, very few assignments. Seems like he puts in very little work.
Moen is alright. He dumbs down every lecture so that pretty much everyone understands, but that's about it. Just scratches the surface of every topic, nothing more. As always, the grading takes forever and 95% for an A leaves very little margin for error.
Beware of getting caught in the purgatory that is Moen courses. He's an incredibly funny guy, but when it comes to your actual learning, don't expect to feel challenged or engaged. Moen is the perfect intro lecturer. Easy-going and articulate. However, in harder courses, he doesn't care for engaging students with expanding the deeper concepts.
Like a dude said before, the good thing: he doesn't care, and the bad thing: he doesn't care. A tough grader, If you have chance,choos another prof,or you will need 95% to get an A Grading TA also doesn't care either, and his policy is "talk to grading TA, not me" Lecture shows his caring, but even in pandamic, 95% rule doesn't change
Lectures are easy to understand w/ excellent examples. Homeworks aren't difficult. Difficulty usually stem from lack of clarity on assignments. JM is nice, willing to explain things, but does the bare minimum. Lazy, imo. Mgmt of TAs was pretty bad this semester. Had no idea how we did on first two HW's before first exam. Slow grading and feedback.
Moen seems like a decent guy but his class was just chaotic. With no textbook and only his scattered (and often incorrect) scribbles on the board, prep for exams was close to impossible. He covered tons of material that wasnt in the scope of the course and then tested on the material that was in the scope but not really a focus of lecture.
The good: Moen doesn't care The bad: Moen doesn't care. He lectures well other than him making a mistake every 10 minutes. His grading system is awful and an A is a 95%. What makes his grading system even worse is that his keys are consistently wrong and you have to battle hard for points back. Lowkey funny but also lowkey shouldn't have a job
Moen would often end lecture early by 10-15 minutes. This may or may not be good depending on what you want to take away from this course. If you are looking to learn Algorithms and Data Structures in depth, consider taking different professor. There was little to no work week to week and the lectures were typically straightforward but boring.
I took CSCI2041 (functional programming with closure) with professor Moen. His lectures were generally good, and he has an interesting sense of humor. Grading was done entirely by TAs, so you don't know what you're going to get there. Because the course had no textbook, lectures were important (and posted online), and tests were open-note.
Moen is one of my favorite CSCI professors. Homework is fairly easy and doable, and relevant for preparation for exams. As long as you attend & pay attention in lecture and take good notes, you'll be good for the exam since they are open notes. He provides many examples, step-by-step to make sure that everyone understands. Would take again!
Moen is an overall great guy. 4041 lectures can become sort of long and we did a lot of review so the beginning of class was fairly easy. Beware he doesn't communicate with the TA's real well so don't expect to get your hw back real quick. Overall the class has some interesting concepts and moen does a good job presenting them.
Really good instructor, sometimes pretty funny. Labs and homework are workable, and tests are about the basic. You can get a good grade if you know the materials well.
Prof Moen is a funny guy. I want to like him, but I have to say, he did not prepare the students well for the exams, partly because he didn't write them until the last minute. Labs were SUPER easy. He was ok at explaining things. The class was easy for me because coding comes easy to me. I felt bad for other students who struggled.
Professor McCamant is really disorganized, but he takes student feedback seriously and made fair tests and homework assignments in my opinion. The lectures can be really dry though, and I could not for the life of me stay awake in lecture both before and after Covid. Regardless, I got an A by reading the book and asking for help when needed.
McCamant knows his stuff, there's no question there. His lectures are a tad dry, but so is computer architecture! He genuinely wants to see those that work hard pass the class, but he also doesn't cut corners, which I respect. My biggest peeve was slow grading and unclear homework dates. Often things in the lab wouldn't work, but I blame the TAs.
He seems like a fine prof but 2021 is the worst class ever. An adviser said no one should take 2021 at the U if they can help it because it is "unnecessarily difficult". I'm certainly not the smartest student, but I'm not the worst either and I had to drop the course because it was far too much work for just 4 credits.
This class is serious. Lots of reading. Challenging Homework. Hard exams. I have never been so stressed, or kept my eye on the drop date so closely. I was just asked what my favorite course so far has been, I answered "5271". Syllibi, past assignments and reading lists are easily found online to get an idea of what to expect.
Pretty boring lecture but personally the class isn't hard if you put the time in. Beware of his final being 25% content he covers on one slide or less. Just print off every slide if possible for the final. Not a hard class to slide by though imo
Hard class, hard homework
We had a hacking assignment (tough), written homework (medium difficulty), and group research project (tough) going on at the same time. The homeworks are brutal and the exam was tough too. The class is not curved even though the exam average was 50%. Interesting class, but prepare to spend all your time on it.
Homework is brutal, and he sets high expectations for the course project material. Loads of readings (1-2 papers or textbook chapters per lecture), but you can get away with skimming them. Beware, though just learning the material isn't enough deep understanding is a must.
Too much homework, Super hard test.
entertaining guy, really rough HW and tests
Gives clear grading criteria from the start and curves the tests. Questions on the first mid term were much more difficult then homework.
The prof seemed to go for depth over breadth on material. Keep that in mind. Grounds very abstract topics easily and works in examples on proofs in lecture. Lecture is worth a listen imo. Homework is graded harshly. Exams are VERY difficult i.e, double-digit number of proofs in 1-2 hours. Do many proofs, many times, or you will struggle to pass.
He is actually quite knowledgable with what he has in his mind and his logic is fast but the stuff we have to learn in 2011 just made me sick of the whole thing. I bet he's better teaching other courses than this one.
He means well, but the course has been confusing. It's hard to make sense of what is needed for each assignment
Good lectures, teaches you a lot about SWE, but the subject is inherently vague and difficult, and the structure of the class does not help with it either. Need to do a lot to get an A, and never miss anything they hide somewhere in some "optional" document. 40 pages of writing half a semester never given much instructions on the assignment itself
CSCI 3081W was a project based course and the majority of the work was towards that. It is hard to rate Kevin as a professor as the lectures were more discussions about this project rather than learning material. However, he seemed like a caring guy overall. He would throw new requirements at us last minute though. Horrible course, okay professor.
The first 1/2 of the semester was just a crash course in C++ which was great until the workload tripled at the end of October after releasing the final project. Poorly structured course, vague project requirements, unhelpful lectures. He was really nice about helping me out when I got behind though. You have to be proactive in his class to succeed.
Lecture is not mandatory, but necessary to succeed. Slides are posted online, but most information presented is not on the slides. Rubrics are very clear and specific, follow them to the letter
Kevin was a great teacher - I learned the concepts really well and truly enjoyed his teaching style. That being said, I took this class F'15 in his first semester and it showed. The second test was almost impossible in the time allotted because he tested it on TA's who had tried it once before. Made an open accusation of cheating against the class.
Lectures were often confusing, but he does a good job of offering help outside of lecture. Homework assignments themselves weren't too difficult, but often poorly worded, which often led to confusion. Tests were difficult and problems often included complicated logic.
Kevin was a decent lecturer, however, many times he would speak of topics that had yet to be covered in lecture. He is a tough grader, the weekly homework assignments are tough, and the labs are tough but effective for learning. The tests, particularly the second test and the final, are very difficult but he does curve them.
I had no previous coding experience. I honestly think he's a pretty good teacher. Cares about his students, he set aside a whole class to hear concerns regarding a hard test. Btw, students were complaining about the test being two sided because it was "hard to flip the page to read what was on the other side". Just to give some perspective.
Prof. Tripathi was a fair professor. His lectures were very dry at times (i.e. death by PowerPoint), however, his class delivered on teaching material to students which is ultimately what I paid $$$ for, overall, I learned a lot. Be sure you comfortable with C programming. On a personal level, he's meh. Condescending towards students.
His lectures are extremely boring. The projects are (for the most part) easy to do and the bulk of your grade is based on that.
His lectures are deadly boring, but grading is mostly centered around labs (not exams), and you learn a lot by doing them. He's also incredibly generous about extensions.
If you're not a pure CS major, this course and instructor are very challenging. He wants to help and wants everyone to succeed. Homework assignments are extremely challenging.
No Comments
Kind of a pretty boring online lecture where she writes on a notepad. This is an intro to AI class, but feels like it was made in the 1650s. Get this class if you want an easier low stress class, but don't expect to be engaged or blown away. Most poeple are going to need more time on exams.
For the most part she was ok, but I did learn more from the textbook. The writing section of the class was more towards the first half of the semester, with the latter half focused on the final project and a paper. Not too bad of a class, I understand why people do have complaints though.
Good professor for the most part. There is a lot of content that is not brought up in lectures at all (only in textbook). Many students (myself included) found midterms to not have enough time for completion (like an HW assignment with an exam's time). The content was relatively interesting, though. Some grading was fairly harsh.
This course was a repeat of csci discrete math. With feedback, Gini's not the best. She took points away on final project w/o explaining why. Avg on project was 78% (no curve). She only graded the writing btw (when there were more to the project)! Sucks when your team put in a lot only to receive a harsh grade because writing isn't your best asset!
Reputed American mathematician who doesnt know how to teach a lower level python class.
Professor Gini can be difficult to understand at times (especially when she doesn't use the lapel mic), but she is passionate about her class and is willing to help you if there's something you're having trouble with. She's a lenient grader, and gives you tons of feedback in the form of in-class assignments that are essentially free points.
Professor Gini showed up to all the lab sections during the first week to make sure students were 'fitting in'. this of course is unusual and earned her much of my respect. lectures are too slow and exams are a bit hard but the grading is very kind. mistakes are often made in lectures but she posts class notes (correct code) which are very helpful.
Dan is a nice guy that cares about his students, but doesn't give the greatest lectures. Lectures are monotone and extremely theory- and math-heavy, and applications are left to the (long) homework assignments. Prepare to read the textbook after going to lecture. That said, the grading is fairly easy on homework and tests if you put in the effort.
Really smart guy, and he kept lectures enjoyable - even if some of the material wasn't always conveyed the best. Homework significantly more difficult than the tests, which were fairly easy, and pop quizzes are attendance checks.
He's a bit confusing in lecture, but the tests are fair. If you do the homework you'll have no problem with the testquiz material.
Great guy, great class. Would take again
Dr. Boley knows the material well, and the subject is pretty interesting. Just pay attention in class and everything should go well. His tests are very fair.
I took an entry level course in CSci with him but he's clearly accustomed to teaching upper echelon courses. He used terminology with which the class was not familiar. He had no set lesson plan for the class and as a result he often glazed over important topics or just forgot them making the lectures seem disjointed. Exams were easy though.
Was forced to take this class after transfering here - this class is absolutely worthless by the way, a typical 'freshman filter' course. Dr. Boley is a smart guy, if not very eloquently spoken.
I'm taking her class right now. I never wear seatbelt while driving to the U because I wanted to die before making it to her class. She does everything on her whiteboard so you need to be in the class if u wanna learn anything. Anyways, have a good semester. I know I won't. Tests are like 85% and homeworks are straight out of the textbook.
Overall an okay experience. Pros: adjusted the grading scale/structure when most of us were not doing well. Kind, light-hearted, gives a 5-minute break during lecture. Cons: Big focus on textbook. Only 1 example (or 2) per topic walked through in lecture. Inconsistent syntax quirks. Weekly assignments are difficult, and to get 30/30 is unrealistic.
Solid professor. No notes or slides posted from lecture, writes everything out on board. Weekly programming assignments in Python and written math assignments. Quizzes every other week in discussion worth 60% of the grade in total. The class is dif
Kathryn Jensen is a good lecturer, but her lectures aren't enough to make 2011 better. Her TAs are almost always only available during class time, and for some reason the TAs aren't even allowed to help students on their homework.
Professor Gopalan is pretty average and quite generous with passing people (class avg. was around 80%, but 55% was passing). HW is challenging, but usually very relevant to lectures. Exams are hard, but he provides a comprehensive mock exam. Difficulty of the course is really related to how well you pick up functional programming concepts.
Honestly I think he's a bit underrated here; his lectures can be a bit boring and at too high of a level sometimes, but I feel like he's a pretty average professor; does what he needs to do, explains principles well enough. Most of the learning takes place on your own when working on the HW, but that should be expected for pretty much any CS class.
Gop certainly cares about the subject and his students, but does a questionable job at connecting his understanding to the students. The content covered is difficult in its own right, but he doesn't communicate the core concepts concisely, and passes over nuances. Don't take the labs or homework for granted, they are essential in learning material
No Comments
Classes are not super interesting and sometimes can be boring. You have to go to lectures for in class exercises but you can miss a few of them. Homework can be hard and very time-consuming. Programming homework has almost no partial credit - you either get 30% for submitting something or 100% for passing all tests. Quizzes are not too hard.
Labs were always given just 10 hours before they were due, whereas in other sections, labs would generally be given a week before they were due. With this time-crunch style lab model, the grade you receive for your labs reflects not one's true understanding of the course content, but more so one's ability to pick up content quickly and immediately.
Other than the first test being unreasonably difficult, I think this class was okay. I didn't enjoy it but my grade isn't terrible. Prof. Exley taught the material well but he often didn't cover what we actually were tested on in detail. Sometimes the quiz would come up and I would be so lost despite attending all lectures. Okay Professor.
I attended a grand total of 1 lecture, and the textbook was good enough to learn all of the content from otherwise. The grading in this class makes it very easy, just do the homework and show up to the labs to pass, the quizzes/bookwork are worth almost nothing in your final grade.
Very poor performance with making sure the assignments have been written clearly and correctly. Will often post lectures late. The lectures that are provided online are hard to learn from. Basically have to attend class to learn. Could teach better. Is often clearly caffeinated. Nice person though
Likely won't pass the course if you don't attend lecture. HOWEVER, if you DO attend, you will likely do well in the course. Willing to be that the vast majority of students who complain about her did not spend time in her lectures or were not actually listening. If she is your only option, you will be fine, just get ready to work.
VERY accommodating for deadlines on projects bc those were INSANELY hard. she's always willing to help. her lectures were hard to listen to. the labs and HW are doable. Hard to get help on class topics from anyone besides the teacher bc it differs in detail compared to other 2021 classes. It's not a terrible class but youre in for a wild ride.
Her classes are mostly research oriented and not very helpful. She never replies to emails and expects students to reach the TA instead. Her slides were mostly copy-paste of slides from other professors in various universities. It looked like she put very little effort and plan to teach a class.
The programming assignment and project is extremely tough and there is no smooth transition from simple assignment to big project
Very difficult class. If you pay attention at every lecture and ask for help when you get confused it is managable. If you get behind you will be in trouble. This is an intense class and it is likely the material, not her that cause problems.
Prof Zhai's lectures could be a lot better if she didn't stutter as much and spoke with more confidence. Often times there are inconsistencies between sentences, and one has to pay hard attention to grasp the message. However, she is extremely helpful in office hours. So do go to them.
Ravi is tough, but he's not one of those profs who considers teaching to be a secondary responsibility. He's good at explaining most of the material. But his is the hardest 2011 section. Tutors often can't answer his HW probs. Even his TA's sometimes can't. He focused on proofs, but skipped graphs and trees (what you actually use in CS).
Janardan is a good lecturer. Not particularly inspirational, but he manages to present material in a way that that is clear and doesn't put one to sleep, even in 2.5 hour night lecture. Most all necessary material is covered in lecture, so if you take good notes, you should be fine. Beware, homework and test grading leaves you at the mercy of TAs.
Easy homework and fair curve if the ave quiz grade is low. Can drop at least two quizzes.
Pretty good. Hard to hear in a large room.
Class is easy with lots of opportunities to redo stuff. Lectures are boring and often cover material that will not be tested on. Favonia is awkward but caring and funny
This class is very easy. He gave two redo attempts for each homework and you could replace midterm grades with the final, so I didn't have to take the final. He clearly has some work to do surrounding interaction with students. He never said anything rude to me but had to send out apologies throughout the semester for comments during lecture.
Favonia is my fav prof yet since Nathan Taylor. Multiple chances to redo HW thus opportunities to truly learn material, midterm & final grade weights are very fair. Labs are really useful. Lectures could be more helpful, TA's were pretty unhelpful. He's kinda funny too. Favonia definitely cares that you learn the material and you will.
Will gladly tell you that you are wrong, but won't provide any explanation as to why. Nice guy, below average instructor.
The only problem he has was difficulty communicating and explaining. The homework is quite interesting and the midterms are not too hard. Most students have trouble understanding the grading method, hope it be will improve.
Took it in the Fall 2021 semester, I gotta say that the grading was a little weird. The professor was very nice and explained things if you asked. The grading at the end seemed rushed and it was like they just put a score on everything. Not much instruction on what the project was supposed to be like, just some examples. Got lucky and did good tho.
He's obviously a very intelligent and experienced guy, but I didn't really get anything out of this class. I think this is more due to the class material than him personally though. This class was called "Practice of DB Systems", but besides a few weeks on SQL and indexes, it was just useless theory. They really need to redesign this course.
This was a fast-paced class where we had to read two to three papers before each class. I liked that we were able to ask questions about the papers prior to class and then he answers during class. Overall, responsive and knowledgeable. You WILL work in this class.
No Comments
I loved the class, and the online videos greatly improved my grade, which helped considering my focus and memory struggles. I recommend taking his class but be ready for hard work. Unfortunately, he's strict; when a family issue arose, he didn't consider it a valid reason for an extension, even when I offered to give him documentation.
Now I wouldn't say that Kolb is the best professor out there, but he is also not a bad one. Class is structured very similarly to the rest of the courses required before this one. Lectures are hard to understand because they cover so much in a short time. If you relied on TA office hours, good luck getting help, there are too many students.
I respect the fact that he only had 7 assignments throughout the semester and a midterm and final that really were not super hard. The deal is this is a really important class with core concepts of CS as a whole, and he's just too theoretical and proofy for things that dont have to be that deep, like man relax, youre at the U not oxford.
I can tell that Carl is really knowledgeable and smart, but I struggled in class due to the nature of how theoretical the lectures were. In addition, the quizzes took WEEKS to grade. It wasn't until the last three weeks of the semester that quizzes 5-10 were graded (the number might be wrong--but roughly around there).
Carl is unlike other profs. Very lightweight class (no assignments) only graded on weekly quizzes and final exam. Lectures are pretty dense, but most of the material is fluff or far too in depth to show up on the quiz. Quizzes are pretty easy. If you follow lectures and do practice problems once in awhile, you'll get an A. Grade lines are 90/75/60
Carl's lectures are incredibly dense and hard to follow, but his weekly quizzes are very reasonable. If even half of what he says sticks, you'll do just fine. Read the textbook and do the practice questions and you might even be able to skip lecture.
Easy to pass, hard to get an A. Most of the grade is hw and sometimes are very difficult. Go to his office hours! He's happy to help. Tests are a bit easier than hws, since he believes that you do the most learning on the hw. He's teaches more theoretical-- if you love theory, definitely take his class! But as a person who doesn't, it's pain.
All of the homework is straight from the book. He gives a pdf of the book so you don't need to buy it. If you read the book, you don't need to watch the lectures. He's not a good lecturer and is hard to follow. But, he is very organized and fairly flexible. He's pretty kind and has a cool personality.
Very book heavy. He's not a good lecturer and is hard to follow. He is very organized and fairly flexible. He's pretty kind and has a cool personality.
Your grade is basically the final and homework. Be VERY thorough with homework. For online, I wrote 10+ pages in proofs every two weeks. Proof-heavy class, very little actual code. If you don't know basic discrete math proofs, and some linear algebra (matrix multiplication) you will have a tough time. You will learn concepts, not implementation.
Lectures were dry, very theory/concept based. Assignments from the textbook with no actual coding assignments, lectures/textbook used pseudocode, disgusting. Assignment every other week worth 8%, mistakes are costly. Grades are in 5% increments starting at 95 for an A, 90 for A- etc. He's very knowledgeable and kind, but I hated his way of teaching
He is a great lecturer; however this class is mostly a repeat of 4041. If you want to learn something new, just read whatever seems interesting in Cormen.
Your opinion of Sturtivant will likely be related solely to the subjects he teaches. Homework is optional but necessary for me at least to survive the weekly tests. Discussion was helpful as well in understanding the topics. He writes only on the board and is a bit of a droner, but knows a lot and cares about the courses.
Dr. Sturtivant knows the concepts he teaches very well. However, his teaching style is VERY abstract and theoretical. So, I often found myself reviewing my class notes and implementing stuff practically in an attempt to learn by myself. The assignments were fun, but the midterm and final were both quite difficult, unlike what he says about them.
Smart man, bad lectures (Not worth going if you haven't read ahead in the book). Grading/Criteria is done by undergrad TAs, which I personally was not a big fan of. The book is dry asf. Quizzes were relatively tough, but you get 2 drops which is pretty cool. Would recommend different professor if you wanted lectures to make sense.
Carl is a genius and does care about each of his students. With that said though, he teaches his classes at a very high level at a really fast speed. If this is going to be your hardest class of the semester, he is fine but otherwise I would take it with the other prof, bc I heard he breaks it down more for you + you're graded on more things!
A lot of what he says in class I found to be quite useless. If anything, I simply went over the book rather than go to class as the professor doesnt do any actual useful examples. He deals mainly with the theoretical, which isnt always necessarily helpful. My TA was simply not good. He'd hand us a worksheet and then tell us to figure it out ourself
11 undroppable quizes worth 5% of grade each and a final. Mess up a single addition on a quiz and there goes a whole 2% on your grade
2011 sucked because of the book. 2033 was amazing because of the book. The lectures are very theoretical but also interesting. Would've rated higher if the book for 2011 wasn't complete crap.
He's a little boring so I started only showing up for the quizzes about 2 weeks in and learned through YouTube (TheTrevTutor). Missed a true A by like half a question on the final. Take that as you will
The grade is entirely based on quizzes and the final: 55% of grade is 11 quizzes; drop two lowest. 37% of the grade is the final, and you get the remaining 8% for free. Carl's lectures can be dull and uninteresting--he doesn't teach with examples, so it's a whole lot of proofs and theory. However, his last lecture answered a question on the final.
I took Discrete Math (2011) from Prof. Sturtivant and loved his teaching style. However, after taking CSCI 5421 from him, I think he describes some processes much too abstractly. We spent two 2.5 hour lectures on some encryption concepts (with no examples) which I had previously learned from a twenty minute YouTube video (with examples).
I see that he's very highly rated by a lot of people. However,I didn't feel he was a good teacher at all. He teaches by explaining things by words and not by examples. I got an A in the course but that was because I read the book on my own. The exams are easy,but the cut off for A is 95 so the margin for error is also very less.
Carl's 2011 is the most difficult discrete structures class offered at the UMN. Take another professor if you want an easier version. High grade scale for the class, weekly quizzes, zero hw, zero extra credit, no midterms, and a final. It's helpful to take calc 2 and calc based statistics before taking this class (not required).
Learned so much from Carl's class, but I don't feel the same way as the other students here. He is extremely knowledgeable and articulate, but he speaks too much of his lecture when more demonstrative board use would be helpful. Complex material, and most of my learning came from the book. Get ready to be evaluated constantly (weekly quizzes).
My least favorite part of the class was the final. There is an unfair weight of 40% and even if you did well on the rest of the class, if you suck on the final it will hurt you. However, Sturtivant is an excellent professor. The thing is, if you go to lecture, you had to tunnel tunnel vision and pay utmost attention or you'll get lost immediately.
Fair teacher. Great guy when you get to know him.
The grade system doesn't make sense. You can pass the course w/o any effort if you do S/N, since HW answers can be easily searched online and HW are 65% of total grade where 60% is pass line. Making 95% as A, which is impossible. British accent, tone is so flat, make me sleepy within 5 mins after class starts
Very easy to understand and not a difficult class overall. However, he has a grading policy where if you fail one of his weekly 6 point quizzes you fail the class.
I loved his accent, british profs are sweet. I think he is just too smart. The average student has trouble following him sometimes. He was helpful and a fair professor. Definitely a good guy.
No Comments
Took Algorithms in the summer w/ Carl when it had a 3 hour lecture; I stopped absorbing any info. about halfway through, so his lectures didn't do much for me. Homework was tough but fair, the final was reasonable. Going to take Adv. Algorithms with him.
The lectures were very hard to pay attention to. I can tell Keefe is an expert in his field, but he would spend large chunks of class talking about things we wouldn't be tested on. Projects were interesting and not too challenging, and Keefe was very willing to stay after class or spend class time helping out with them.
He is okay. I find him hard to understand sometimes because he speaks a bit fast for some reason and shakes his head.
Kauffman is a great lecturer, doesn't have the best personality tho. Lectures are clear enough for you to understand material the first time. Projects will suck up majority of your time but they're good prep for exams. provides lots of resources n extra credit opportunities if ur confident enough to speak in lecture.
At first, I was very excited to take this class, as I had only heard great things about Kauffman. However, he kinda fell apart this semester. There were only 2 projects instead of the promised 3, he stopped releasing homework/lab solutions, and he didnt post tests for the 2nd project until the day before it was due!
Honestly think Kauffman gets an undeserved god-like rep on here. He's definitely a nice guy but as a prof he goes so fast and there's too much work in the class. Projects, tests, labs, and engagement points are a lot to manage all at once esp online and it's easy to get so bogged down finishing everything that you don't do well on anything.
Everybody loves Kauffman, but for me he was just average. He called on random people in front of the whole class and asked follow up questions that you might not know the answer to, so I felt kinda stupid. fair projects and tests. lots of ways to get completion points. idk he just didn't live up to the hype, but he's still better than other profs.
Don't get the textbook, absolute waste of money. Lectures are very useful and valuable so make sure you actually show up for them. Projects 1 and 3 are ridiculously long so make sure you start early. Exams are open note and you can expect a couple of questions to be based on the projects.
Prof Chiang was a good instructor and the course had reasonable expectations. He gave practice exams that helped prepare you for the actual exam. But he's not super understanding, especially regarding mental health, so get a note or register with the DRC if you think you'll need accommodations (even if it's just for extensions or a makeup quiz)
Quiz every week, on lecture and textbook materials. Prof is not accessible outside of class. Have to go to TAs, only some of them are helpful. HWs are HARD but applicable to what we learn. Get ready to read and spend hours on HWs. He doesn't make the slides so sometimes it seems like he doesn't know what he's talking about. Helpful examples though.
He goes on wacky tangents and I kinda struggle to pay attention a lot of the time because I already know a lot of the stuff he is teaching. He's alright, just really not for me
No slides, but awful handwriting notes were provided. Just reading textbooks.
Very helpful TA. He even gave us extra time during the exam.
He is a caring person, however, the class is generally unorganized. The class webpage is somewhat cluttered. Assignments and exams are lengthy to a fault.
Projects are given a ton of time and you should visit office hours for them. Lack of homework/quizzes to understand some of the topics especially later into the course with the finals. DOES NOT CURVE so make sure to get all possible points in labs and projects. Practice midterms has no answer key. Manually draws out lectures so make sure to go.
This guy's lectures are pretty dry, but it's nothing that isn't doable with the textbook. Office hours are very helpful with this class so go early and often. There's a considerable difficulty spike in the second half of the semester so don't become complacent with this course. Fantastic guy, really cares about his students. Projects are massive.
CSCI3061 - Really nice guy that cares about what he's teaching. Lectures had no virtual option which made attendance essentially mandatory, but the content was taught well in them. Midterms were challenging, but the TAs and Prof. Dovolis were understanding and offered points back on various assignments. Would recommend.
Although there are aspects about Dovolis which were a little annoying (such as not posting notes online), he is making an effort to improve this course. Projects could be long but were never impossible and exams never felt too difficult as long as you studied well and took your time. Extra credit is weird with Dovolis, but it definitely helped.
Only posts lectures if he misses lecture. Checks attendance randomly and not during the same weeks. Few notes online. Handwrites code during lecture. Will sometimes give solutions to projects/labs during lecture. Grades are updated on Canvas at the discretion of his TA who will do it maybe once. Midterms are a bit difficult but fine with studying .
If you stay up to date on what's going on and how to approach what he's talking about, you'll be fine. If not (like me) make sure you do that whether it's going to office hours or watching videos on youtube.
He isn't the best professor, but he's also not the worst. It would be better if he used lecture slides, also on some more strange topics his lectures get sorta hard to follow. He explains in sort of a circular way where you won't know the foundations of something, but he'll teach you some weird property of it before the basics.
Prof. Dovolis is just below average. Projects are challenging, but doable. Labs are a lot of weekly work, but helpful. Test's are hard, but straightfoward. Only real issue is the absence of lecture notes, which would make him a solid prof.
If you want to do extremely hard projects and watch very boring lectures, then take him. However, his class is great for students who are looking for a job in computer science since his class prepares you well for technical interviews. The exams are hard and you get 1.5 hours to complete.
While dovolis didnt really teach all that much, most of the topics are easily found online. The exams are for the most part like the practice or sample exams and are worth a lot (20% each) So make sure to do well on them. Projects take a pretty long time, so make sure to start them early. Class wasnt too bad, should be an easy pass
He responds to email very quickly, which is nice. Clearly passionate about CS but not a great lecturer. Writes down too much code!! Everyone complains about the projects but theyre not that bad. Just get started early and youll be fine, you get two weeks to complete them and you can ask TAs questions if you get stuck.
I was annoyed by how he pushed all responsibility onto an army of TAs, and the tests were often oddly worded. The lectures and readings are fine, but the labs and projects are where you really learn. I ended up skipping a fair few readings and ended out fine. Projects are designed to be done as a group, making individual attempts much much harder.
Dovolis is a cool prof, and his lectures were clear and easy for me. The main issue is the exams and projects. Even though I was fluent in the material, the projects took a ton of time, and the exams were too hard. Like they were designed to make you lose points for no reason.
Lectures are okay. He does a decent job with explaining things, it's just presented a little messy sometimes. Exams are 60% of your grade and I found that to be kind of weird as it doesn't involve much coding. There are a few projects done throughout the course that you can do with a partner, if you do it by yourself it's definitely a lot of work.
The grading in this class made absolutely no sense. Tests are worth 60% of your grade and projects are only worth 25% when you spend most of the time in the class working on projects. Dovolis is an incredibly mediocre lecturer and does most of his work writing on a piece of paper. Overall the class was fine but it could be annoying at times.
This class was annoying. Large lecture where all graded aspects of the course are done by TAs. Very poorly written project and lab write-ups that faculty. Totally off-base expectations of the time you will spend on projects and labs. You will need to ask questions to understand what is expected of you, but will not always get an answer.
While Chris is clearly passionate about his students, his ability to teach clearly and concisely greatly detracted from that fact. He rambles about material not on the exams and I didn't truly learn any material until I looked online. This class is poorly structured, but you might have an easier time if you have a lot of previous Java/coding exp.
Chris gets a bad rap. His lectures are clear. GO TO LECTURE. His tests are a regurgitation of the lecture. He does have some quirks that he empties in lectures, as does every professor. If you start the labs and projects early the class is very manageable. If you don't understand a topic, ask for help b/c things build on each other very quickly.
Took 1933 during the fall. Bombed the first exam cuz I didnt know time complexity but came back swinging. Really time complexity is big in that class. Exams are 70% of the grade, and five projects worth 20% all together. Went to only five lectures total, u can learn urself tbh. Exams are weirdly worded and projects r way too much time.
Overall, he's a fine teacher. He is a pretty entertaining lecturer, but what is on the test does not really match what he would stress in class. I think he thinks he talks about topics a lot, so he puts them on the exam, when in reality he barely talked about them. Study the topics sheets! and go on the internet to get a more in depth knowledge
Okay I tell you what - when it comes to 2021, Dovolis isn't the worst choice by far. Given how ridiculously hard the course is, he is doing an okay job. His lectures are useless but the overall work load is also less when compared to other teachers. And he is very lenient when it comes to the final grade for the class. So,it is okay to take him.
Professor Dovolis is a very likable person and teacher. He usually started off class by asking for feedback on recent labs or tests. However, even though he connected well with the students, he lacked in a few areas. His tests were hard, long, and worded poorly. A lot of the grade was based on these tests and this caused a lot of stress overall.
Dovolis gets a lot of hate, but this class wasn't as bad as I was expecting it to be. He has some good TAs and clearly cares a lot about this class. However, this class is really disorganized. Due dates and midterm dates shifted, he was unable to cover all the material in time. The class is midterm heavy and there are trick questions.
I had Dovolis for both 1933H and 2021, and he is definitely a professor that makes you work for your grade. 100% you need to read the textbook on your own time (and make sure you understand it) if you want to pass his tests, as he tends to include material not discussed in lecture. He is a really nice guy though and cares about his students.
Quizzes were pretty randomly timed. He would vaguely say when they wold be, and he managed to go off topic quite often in class. The TA's chosen were pretty awful as well, but Chris was okay, if he could stay on topic.
A lot of students got screwed, because he was a tough grader. He is a great teacher though. The projects and the labs are very straightforward, but the exams are just too hard! They have the most conceptual questions with really tough grading criteria. I would not recommend him, but it is not the end of the world if he is the only option you've got
Have to claim that 2021 itself is a tough class! You have to learn by yourself at some points and couldn't just wait for the professor to teach you. Chris tries to make the class exciting and he is patient to explain student's questions. If you are not sure if you can do good on the exams, try your best to get as much as points in HWs!
Overall decent, but not great. The class itself is very hard and Dovolis does his best, but lacks in certain areas. Lectures can be very boring and tough to get through because of the material. Be prepared to be confused when reading through the book and to struggle on projects and homework. He has pop quizzes as well.
Make time for this class! Tests are worth most of your grade so it's important to study for them, but even if you study there will still probably be a question you weren't expecting. His tests didn't always seem reflective of what we covered in lecture. Find a partner for labs and projects especially because that made the class a lot more doable.
Tough grader, tests on subjects that were briefly mentioned during class or not mentioned at all. About half of my class did not pass this course. Seems like a nice guy though.
I've had Dovolis twice now, and here's my conclusions about him: PROS: Fun lecturer, very nice guy, you'll learn a lot. CONS: Expects you to know everything, and know it well (I don't usually read textbooks but 2021 you have to). Tests are weird - you can study for days & there'll probably be questions that you don't even know what he's asking.
Chris is a nice and funny guy. However, given the difficulty of the class, his lectures are useless. Yet he gave pop quizzes so you have to be there. The management is pretty bad, schedule was changed frequently. In the end, for the sake of finishing his schedule, he rushed through 2 chapters, which made our life more difficult.
Many people that took 1933 this semester had very sour opinions of Dovolis. I came in with no Java experience and I did fairly well. You MUST pay attention during lecture. You will crash and burn if you do not ask questions to both Dovolis and the TAs. Some TAs were better than others. You probably won't get an A unless you already know Java.
His lecture is not organized, and he was really behind planned schedule towards the end of semester. Rushing was brutal that you would be tested without good preparation. His tests/quizzes are very confusing and tricky. In order to do well, you have to read the textbook. He tests you on some materials from book not in lecture.
He's really a fantastic lecturer, and I enjoyed that. His exams, however, are brutal, and designed to trip you up with minute details and things you're expected to remember from a 5 minute tangent in lecture 3 weeks before the exam. The projects aren't that difficult, and neither are the labs, but the exams make up most of your grade.
Dovolis himself was a good lecturer, and he had great information to share about practical applications of CS rather than just strictly book material. His TAsclass organization, however, were not so great. There was a ton of confusion over assignment expectations, and exams were graded much differently depending on the TA grading them.
We were constantly behind in lecture, to make up for it he would fly through material. Labs were pretty difficult. But if you put the time and effort into the class you should end up with a decent grade.
Homework is either too easy or ridiculously difficult. The labs are stupidly time consuming. He teaches a lot more theory in lecture vs. practical examples. The class moves at a good pace. DO THE LABS YOURSELF otherwise you will fail. I don't care if your partner is a genius - do them. Or else exams will make you cry.
Only somebody who does not focus on learning things will like Chris. He is nice but a terrible teacher, only talk about 1+1 = 2 in class but you will have calculus in lab and HW. He always left hard part to TA and lab, himself only talks about easiest thing and does not help overal. Grading system is ridiculous and you always see something in lectu
Dovolis is a great teacher; this class is introductory but has a wide range of students, and he makes it interesting for students of all programming backgrounds. Definitely recommend him!
Fairly good professor. Sometimes likes to go off on random tangents. He sorta goes really in depth on really simple concepts, but also on really difficult ones as well. So you will get the information you need, while being bored sometimes as well. However, if struggling in the class his response was "write more code", and nothing else.
Really knows his programming stuff, but is probably not a Windows user which shows during examples. Gives lots of examples that are only good for showing how commands are used. Pretty friendly and sort of funny. Taking 1902 with him next semester.
Eh, thought the class was pretty boring. Too many examples tend to rot my brain.
I've had Dovolis twice he's a nice guy. Not a genuis thats for sure. His coding examples are garbage and he can barely log into windows 2000, much less use internet explorer.
I thought he was a pretty good teacher. The class itself blew, but he made it mildley interesting.
Shana is one of the easiest graders I have ever had, but at the same time I felt like I learned barely anything and all the assignments especially the in-class assignments felt very tedious. If you want an easy A, take this class, but if you want an interesting, enjoyable class, do not.
Shana fluctuates between her kind persona and her angry post-military persona so frequently that you will get whiplash. The class wasn't much work outside of time spent on projects, which was mostly easy and enjoyable. Every assignment is graded with the lightness of a feather, and a student could submit a blank page and still probably pass.
Expect your questions to turn into long rambling side remarks. Other than that, the class is an easy A with multiple group projects and homeworks with incredibly lenient grading. Shana is also very welcome to feedback, but can be callous when asking questions where she expects you to already know the answer.
She was very lenient with grading at the beginning of the semester. Towards the middle of the semester, the grading became very strict. She honestly tries her best to be nice but most of the time she comes of very blunt. The content was delivered in a very straightforward manner. Don't be scared of her bluntness! You'll get used to it.
I can't say I learned a lot about databases in this class, but it was the easiest A I've ever received in a CSCI class, so if you're looking for an A I highly recommend Shana. Quizzes are easy (you get a cheat sheet) and assignments are graded super lightly.
Can't blame her, but the difficulty in grading between TAs was insane. I was teaching a friend how to do his homework and my TA was giving be 75s while my friend got 90s. Also clear that Shana comes from a small school. She needs to learn how to handle a larger class properly and be more considerate of it.
She's caring and good at showing it. Not really as good of a lecturer as what she often endorses herself to be from her years of teaching. Talks fast and rarely uses the board, making it hard to take notes. Complains about personal matters at times. Old adage is true that learning to code comes through practice. Do the homework and labs instead.
Shana was an okay teacher in a terrible class. I neglected other classes to finish the main project and wasn't able to even come close. She expected us to get done an insane amount of work, yet gets frustrated with people when they ask for grades or other questions. She interrupts people asking questions a lot and gets overwhelmed during class.
Course was mostly asynchronous with a weekly synchronous meeting. The professor seemed to really care about the students and was really excited to teach the course. The course was a little disorganized in the second half of the semester but manageable overall. If you put in a little effort, it's an easy A and a pretty fun course.
Note: A lot of complaints here are based nearly entirely on grade anxiety over one project that he ended up making optional. Realistically, he's a nice guy. Lectures could have used "easier" examples; a lot of things would not have been an issue if he gave clearer examples that started from an easier place before going into more complex examples.
Pros: midterms are incredibly similar to the mock midterms, final project was made optional bc it was so chaotic and not even TAs knew how to approach it. He's nice and accommodating to student feedback (especially when a majority of the students voice their struggles) Cons: Fast-paced lectures, reads off of slides, homework can ask a lot from you
He's a nice guy and accommodating to students. He's open to feedback, but 2041 was needlessly hard. Lectures weren't the best. The homework is doable, but they're harder than the easy midterms. The final project was confusing and difficult for everyone, including Joosten himself and the TAs. He ended up cancelling it to lessen everyone's stress.
Accommodated student's concerns, dropped final project, midterms similar to mock midterms, caring, kind, answer emails quickly, overall very sweet professor. Weekly homework are more difficult/challenging side, attendance mandatory, weekly check-off labs, free online textbooks. Lecture slides are provided along with clear lectures.
Professor Joosten is very nice, however, his teaching style is one that I had a hard time understanding. His lectures were required and could be confusing at times. He does go out of his way to try and help his students which I was very grateful for. Overall, he is a very kind, helpful professor, but his teaching style could be ambiguous.
The lectures were sometimes hard to follow, but he very clearly explains projects, and what will be on the exams.
Sebastiaan is one of the most interesting professors I have had at the U. His 2041 course has been far better than 2011 but there are still issues. His transition to online book lectures was really good, but his labs are confusing, especially the final project. Sebastiaan is always willing to adapt, so if you do have him, please voice any concerns.
Lectures are confusing, but he is very forgiving and really wants his students to do well. The tests are almost identical to the practice tests which helps with studying, and when we all failed a test he took responsibility and added a curve to the class. He provides lecture videos but it may be more helpful to use the textbook and slides.
The first half of the course was a disaster. Dense, long lectures and difficult exams, and discussion sections were ill-equipped for the confusion. But Sebastiaan took input, introducing a study guide for the 2nd exam and curving it due to its difficulty. He's a cool guy, and I think his classes will improve. Still, I've stopped attending lecture.
Sebastiaan is not a bad professor, people are just wayyy too soft. Discrete mathematics as a whole is a tough class to teach and is very theory based so your textbook and Youtube will likely be your best friend in this class. As a whole, Sebastiaan is a compassionate guy and although his lectures are dry, the practice tests are a godsend for tests.
Seeing all the hate towards Prof. Joosten makes me feel so bad for him because I feel like he genuinely cares ab his students and tries to cater his lectures towards the students requests. He is super smart but over complicates some topics, which can easily be solved by reading the textbook. The actual material of the class isnt hard at all.
The lectures are dry and not very helpful, which means you'll be doing a bit of reading outside of class. However, the course material isn't entirely difficult, and the practice exam looked nearly identical to the first midterm. Beware of a lack of a curve on exams.
Tim is actually a really nice and understanding person IF you go to his office hours. When I first started this class I was unfamiliar w coding and felt intimidated by the content, but once I went to office hours I felt pretty supported by him and the TAs
Good professor, Material is available via his powerpoint slides, he expects you to study and practice how to use the material. Homework is difficult but after trying different approaches you should be able to easily do them. Hardest part of class was exams on paper. you have to look closely to make sure everything is correct or will miss points.
If you know how to program already he is fine. If not, you need to pay attention. His lectures are alright once you get over the mannerisms. No curve, which can be an issue, but no final and there was an extra credit quiz to boost your grade. You learn best with the hands on labs. Exams are on paper and a bit dumb, but only 47% of the class.
He cares a lot about teaching but often falls a little bit short trying to explain these early computer science concepts. He is so good at it himself that he doesn't understand the position of the student who doesn't know a thing so often things might go over your head. I could do fine in this class because I took AP Comp sci in High School.
The class wasnt too bad. I was able to put in an average amount of work and come out with an A which clearly shows that he isnt the worst professor in the world. However, the class framework was moderately disorganized which makes it easy to not like the guy. If you can get past this it may end up being your favorite class of the semester.
Knows his stuff, but connects all of his ideas/statements with "at this point" and "therefore" ...
He wasn't the worst professor, but the lectures were often not super useful and there was a mandatory weekly discussion that was entirely group work. I stopped going to the lectures about halfway through the semester because they didn't seem like a good use of time compared to just reading the book.
Professor Larson definitely cares about here students, but the course material seemed rough, like it hadn't been used before. The class is project-based, so your grade is determined by how you do on this haphazard project. That said, Professor Larson is always willing to help, and if you put in the time this class isn't too hard.
Amy cares about her students and wants them to learn. However, her poor organizational skills hindering this seemed to be a common theme during the semester. She changed the weight of assignments throughout the semester, and again the day of the final. Within four days we had: a final project(code & paper), final test, and a homework assignment.
Attendance isn't mandatory, but there are no notes/slides online, so definitely go to lecture. Grading criteria on programming projects isn't very specific, but clear enough. The textbook is barely used. Very helpful during office hours. Overall Dr. Larson is a good professor.
dece
I took her Real Time Embedded Systems offered in Spring 2016. Amy is a sweet and approachable professor. Her classes were equal parts fun and boring. The homeworks were pretty programming intensive. The group project was fun and she let us choose our choice of projects. The course is amazing and recommend EE and CSci majors to take it.
Class was not too difficult for the most part. Homeworks were 60% of the grade and usually had pretty tricky problems that required some time to think about. Weekly quizzes were also a challenge. Tests were less difficult. This is not a coding class - it's more comparable to 2011 than any of the other required courses.
I'm not a fan of the way she taught this class. The lectures were straight out of the book and were often much more incoherent than the way the book presents the material, so it didn't always feel worthwhile. Homeworks are straight out of the book and fairly difficult as well. Weekly quizzes are annoying as well.
Her lectures at times were somewhat unclear, but that is definitely a result of the material's difficulty. At first her grading system (A >= 95%) seems ridiculous, but with diligent work it is very attainable. Tests seem hard, but are graded leniently and homeworks require dedication, but that's to be expected given it's a CSCI course. Good prof.
Amy makes an honest effort to bring difficult concepts to students, is patient with all levels of learners, and is clearly interested in her material. Her class left me wanting for heuristic explanations of algorithms rather than mechanical examples.
Kate's lectures are kind of fast-paced and she expects a lot from you. Homeworks are a lot of work and midterms can be difficult, a significant amount of your grade is on midterms and the final. Overall, she can explain stuff well but it's a lot of work.
Kate is a good teacher that explains things in a good amount of detail during lectures. There are no slides and no posts on canvas for notes, so if you don't go to class have fun reading 20 pages of the textbook. The course is content heavy and feels like we never truly master a topic before moving on. This class feels harder than it should be tbh.
If "just try harder" was a professor it would be Kate. I would recommend taking this difficult class with a professor that gives more material to learn from, as the textbook does the heavy lifting here. Overall just decent at best.
Kate Jensen is a middle of the road professor in my book. There were a lot of downsides: lack of availability, lectures over a year old, and a complete ban on working with other people. This said, if you are going to take the course, she is not a bad option. Homework and midterms are fair and match what is expected for the credit load.
Lectures were clear and the midterm was fine. I didn't love the textbook, as the answers in the back of the book often didn't show complete answers. Homeworks were graded harshly and were 55% of the grade. Professor was hard to contact and all lectures were recorded in Fall 2020. Didn't really seem like she put much effort into teaching the class.
Kate is really nice and caring about students and her lectures are very well explained and helpful. She also walks through practice problems in additional lectures. The weekly homework and quizzes are quite difficult and require close reading. Doing practice problems is super helpful and will allow you to be successful.
For context, I took this fall 2020 when it was online. I think they are a great lecturer and Im sure shes even better in person. Some quiz questions were quite unfair and her response to concerns were a bit frustrating. Grading for weekly HW was so nit picky as well. However, shes not as bad as every made her out to be on Reddit.
Took her class spring 2020, lectures were fine. We had weekly quizzes during in person, switched to homework assignments instead for online learning and we got to drop 2 quizzes/assignments. Discussions took attendance, midterms and final were alright.
Kate is a gifted lecturer, but she makes CSCI 2011 really hard. She loves throwing problems at you that are nothing like anything you have seen before, so if you don't have an intuitive understanding of all of the concepts you will struggle. People say CSCI 2011 is supposed to be easy but with Kate it can get very difficult.
Kate Jensen, at least as of now, teaches only 2011 and 4041, and I think has a lesser rating here only since many CS students aren't a fan of the less programming-heavy courses. She teaches the subjects very clearly, but they are quite difficult to understand fully without extensive studying outside of class. I got a B with a lot of effort.
She reads the book in lecture. if you can teach yourself, just read the book, saves time, there's more detail. Weekly quizzes are close to the homework, and she has longer "projects" that are (sometimes) difficult proofs. If you take this course with other profs, you don't have the projects, but the quizzes will be harder. Projects can boost grade.
Jensen is a good lecturer and explains basic concepts very clearly. As long as you do the recommended problems and pay attention to lecture you should do well on the weekly quizzes. However, her take home exams are ridiculously difficult and will require using material she didn't cover in class. The final is easy and open book.
She seems to explain concepts well, however, it may be difficult to grasp with no prior programming experience. 2.5 hour night lectures where often tough to get through but she keeps the class engaging enough to keep it from dragging. The in class quizzes are doable as long as you keep up with the exercises posted on the course page.
Jensen is knowledgeable but explains concepts in a high-level way when most of us are beginners. If you ask her to clarify she will just repeat herself over and over. Her lectures are hit or miss, some days I left feeling good but others I left more confused. Our class's midterm average was below Dovolis's because she added extra questions.
A solid professor for lectures and explaining concepts, but gives out lots of work. With long homework's, nearly weekly Zybooks, weekly in-class exercises, quizzes, and a final project that was due during finals week, the time needed for this class added up quick. However, I did learn a lot and Kluver does a great job at explaining concepts.
Pros: (Breaks concepts down well in lectures / Easy A if you put in the work / Caring / Nice guy / I learned a lot), Cons: (Labs were often tedious and useless / Extreme amount of homework assigned in first couple weeks / Programming tips were often not practical / Very nitpicky on random things / Unclear instructions on homework)
Challou doesn't really do much in lectures. He just reads off slides and makes you do participation exercises. The TAs, on the other hand, absolutely carry this class. The exams are HEAVILY weighted and can make or break your grade, meanwhile the homeworks (there were 7) are worth basically nothing but are a ton of work.
I did not learn anything from the lectures and there was a lot of busywork in this class. However, the homework assignment, although sometimes time-consuming have clear instructions and rubrics which is really nice and the tests were pretty reasonable. I learned a lot of practical, applicable skills in this class so definitely 100% worth taking.
For those who don't have experience in web development, this will be a super challenge in the first 3 hws. His hws are hard and time-consuming, along with that, the office hour isn't flexible, so you on your own. But things got better as we move on to further hws. He provides some backup information that will help you on these hws.
Dr. Challou is kind of a goof and is light hearted during class. He was flexible for me and often responds to questions in class quickly, though office hours are a mess. Not much material is learned in lecture, but that's okay because the homework cover content well. This class is basically just 7 homeworks and 1 or 2 of those are a lot of work
Professor Challou spends much of the class time going over examples of how to do problems similar to the homework assignments. If you are a reasonably confident programmer, you can do just fine by going through W3 schools to learn all of the material; lecture examples are unnecessary as homeworks are simple. W3 schools effectively replaces textbook
Dan won't hold your hand through projects and that's why I think people don't really like him. The course focuses a lot on program design that can be ambiguous (which he points out is what is going to happen in industry). Nonetheless, not too challenging if you read the textbook and design docs carefully, very informative course.
Dan enjoys wasting time doing necessary things like write 2-3 pages of code on the whiteboard. The worst thing is that sometimes he doesn't even post the code on moodle so if you didn't write it down then too bad. The class itself is useful if you don't have much internet prog experience and I learned more from w3schools and the textbook than Dan.
Dan was an adequate lecturer, but his flaws layed in his homework and test writing skills. Whether or not you had programming experience or not, it came down to whether you could understand what the test questions were asking. There were 4 tests total, 1&2 averaged low 60s and the other two mid 70s. Depended if he wanted to be a shmuck or not.
Chalou was a very interesting fellow to learn 1133 from. If anything, he does a fine job in lecture and stuff, but hes not the best and writing tests. We had 4 total tests, first two had averages in the 60s and the second two were in the 80s. It wasn't how prepared we were. It was whether he wanted to bone us or not. Overall, he's fine for 1133.
As others said, lecture duplicates the book and is generally boring, but if you pay attention he teaches well. Labs are mandatory and long, but important along with homework. Tests were reasonable but weighted heavily. Class would be better is the grading scale was more generous (94 for an A)
Class is way too easy/trivial to learn any actual web development. He practically gives away a majority of the homework solutions a day or two prior to the homework being due. You see others complaining because they've become to dependent on this instead of just thinking through the assignment. Exams are simple if you honestly do the hw.
Follows book quite closely, so if you do your readings the lectures become quite useless.
This class is mainly JavaScript/PHP/MySQL. I think exam is not effective to learn these things, but 50% of score is from exam. Also, grading is really strict. For example, there are 28 classes in this course, but if you skip 3 in class quizes, then you fail. Homework grading is also strict. I think this system is not so suitable to learn it.
2.5 hour lectures are enough to make any prof seem boring, so I can't really blame Prof. Challou if he seemed kinda dull at points. No quizzes so there are 4 assessments total in the class which is both intimidating and refreshing. Lab and HW are pretty fun if you like project based learning.
He stumbled through a few lectures but he was pretty decent overall. Great grad TA that was much more involved in the course than Prof. Challou. Tests often had questions on edge topics (e.g. set operations in Python). He honestly seemed like an earnestly great funny guy, just not quite comfortable with what the class (CSCI1133) was yet.
Very bright guy. Super nice and considerate. Gives good lectures. The requirements for assignments are clearly spelled out. There should probably be a little more communication between him and the TAs. I would take another class with him.
Lectures are not too important if you just read the textbook. Tests are pretty manageable -- we got to make a note sheet for all of them. Final was fairly straightforward. Definitely go to TA office hours for help on the tough homework.
He had a more relaxed nature when teaching that really worked in this class, fun and useful homeworks.
Pr. Zhao is by no means a bad professor. She is very timely in her grading, has a very accessible course format, and has super clear grading standards. However, some concepts were not covered in depth that later appeared on tests. Also, I came in knowing some (but not a lot) about Multivariable Calc, and got a bit overwhelmed by it.
The lectures are extremely boring and overloaded with information. But you would be lucky if they are at least 50% relevant to HW and exams. Personally, I spent around 80% of my HW time looking at other resources for information and even then had to improvise. Mr. Mayo is a nice person and very relatable, so be sure to attend office hours.
NO BOOK USE, all lecture from powerpoints with little info, they are mostly pictures. His lecture style is ok, and he tries hard to help the students out and willing to bump your grade if you show youre trying. Class is extremely hard, all on theory with no application since there is no lab. 4 tests, 4 homework assignments, no cumulative test.
Lectures can be confusing, but if you study the slides and attend lots of rescitations it is easy. Supplies you with the previous semester's exam for practice--and then uses some of those question on the exam. Very nice guy!
Interestng professor-really tries to accomodate everyone. Has his TAs hold recitations which are extremely useful!
No Comments
Interesting Course. Challenging.
Jane Phillips definitely teaches the class in her own way. She'll make silly jokes and connect what you read to real life situations. The exams are slightly tricky though, but they have a nice curve. Make sure you read all the material and definitely look over lecture slides. It pays to delve deeper into lecture material on your own for the tests.
Lots of work assigned, very independent learning, lacks organization. Expect to talk in groups, non-traditional lecture style if you even get a lecture. She tries to make you think like a scientist and analyze problems. Must know science inside and out. Hard teacher.
BIOL 2002 is hard by design. For any of her other courses I would make sure to read the books before class and ask her any questions - she'll answer them no matter how small.
Professor Wick was a fairly good professor, given how the course was set up, but you really do need to ask her specific questions if you want to receive specific answers. Her portion of the test is a good representation of the material covered in her lectures and in the book and she grades fairly.
way to hard. i've compared my work with friends who have different 1001 professors, and theirs look 10x easier. her lectures are so boring...every one as soon as she gives the quiz, litereally half the class leaves...take different prof!!
classes can be a bit boring. lectures are taken directly from text (but isn't it supposed to be that way?). she required the 150+ class to assemble into the same 5 person groups every week to do in-class assignment. that doesn't work b/c 1/2 the class doesn't even go to lecture. exams are sneaky multiple choice. class average on tests is 65%.
very nice lady, very helpful outside of class. but too hard for a 1001 level class, and it was almost impossible to learn anything from just taking notes and reading the book. definitely see her outside of class for extra help.
Dr. Brambl is the best prof you can take cell biology from. My friends were taking cell bio from other professors in the same semester, and they wished they were in my class. You get an extra 10% of your total points added onto your grade at the end of the semester, and the exams are 40% old practice exam questions. He is the nicest human being.
Getting an is definitely possible.Do the last 4yrs worth of exams with a group and make sure you have the correct answers. And make sure to attend all lecture, he?ll give/add 10% of you overall grade to your final grade. And also make exam question for all three exams, this is one of best ways to study for his teaching style.
Good professor. Very helpful. Lectures correlate with test, no surprises, just go to all lectures bc he adds 10% to final score if no absence which is helpful for that last push for A- or B. Study his old test and just take good notes.
Very smart teacher, but goes over topics quickly and very in depth which makes it difficult to catch everything. Uses overhead figures as lecture supplement, so it is important to listen well and take good notes. Tests are easy when you study the old ones, since there are a lot of repeated questions.
His powerpoints are hard to look at. The content is complete, I guess, but they're basically just block after block of dense text.
Read his lecture notes thoroughly, and go to class! He includes little things in lecture that you need to know, that he purposely doesn't include in the notes. Study early! You cannot cram for his tests. Go to recitations and ask questions, he is willing to help and the TAs are awesome! Get all the lab points you can, they help in the long run.
If you get to know him on a personal level, he is acutally a great guy. Go to lecture and go to recitations. They help so much with the exams, also use the practice exams to study off of. The same questions appear randomly.
If you are a Liberal Arts major who does not want to think even moderately far beyond the textbook material then avoid this professor. If you do not want to hear about interesting applications of biology, avoid this prof. If you want to get your bio credit and move on, avoid this prof. If you're an inquisitive person give Dr. Fan a chance.
Okay, so Dr. Fan has trouble making his point clear sometimes, but I still think this is a class Bio majors should be required to take. You really delve into ethics and the class makes you think. Also, this class probably has the best textbook I've ever had- SO interesting- I actually wanted to read. The class requires significant study time, bu
He's a really nice guy who has a ton of experience in the field. In general however, I found him to be extremely unhelpful with answering my questions, he was often rambly and left me more confused than I was before. He tends to favor using his own research and papers which made me feel the class material was biased towards his opinions.
Attend class. He purposefully leaves information off the note sets that he hands out,and that information is on the tests. The tests are hard, but he grades on a curve so overall it is fair. His lectures can be tedious, but he is more than willing to answer any questions.
Exams are hard. Not the most interesting professor when he lectures. One of the tougher classes.
DO NOT BUY TEXTBOOK! we never use it! but overall the teacher is very helpful and funny.
Goldstein is a pretty easy teacher. Dont buy the book, he hands out notes every week and thats all you need to study. Every question comes from those notes. If you read it and understand it then u will get an A in the class. Stay up to date with the reading though. If you wait till the the night before the exam ou will surely fail.
Easy class if you study the course notes, everything he talks about is in there. Lectures can get boring, and probably not worth going to except for weekly quizzes.
never uses the book, lectures are insanely boring, and gives pop quizzes after lecture so make sure you stay and dont leave early.
Grades in bio 1009 are strictly based on the number of points you earn...so get the easy points. Lectures are very boring and you WILL fall asleep. The only reason to go is to get easy points on pop quizes. READ THE LECTURE NOTEBOOK he gives you. The book is not neccessay but the quizes on the CD will help. Definitely the best 1009 lecturer.
Class was extremely boring. Lecture notes are more important than book. To get an solid A in the class you probably would want use the book. Otherwise it's not worth it. Everything comes straight from the notes.
RIDICULOUSLY BORING. Seriously, I've never fallen asleep so much in my life. He does nothing to make it interesting!
I had Animal Physiology lecture with him...he was decent...use the lecture packets, not the book! Don't bother buying the book!
No Comments
Easy class, tests right out of notes.
While Dr. Bardwell is not the most entertaining lecturer, she clearly goes over what's going to be on the exam in class. Reading the textbook is helpful to clarify concepts, but the exams are based entirely on the lecture material. Each lecture is about 80 slides of material, and there is an exam every 2 weeks, so prepare to do a lot of studying.
Disorganized lecturer, difficult to follow. Mumbles a lot, says "um" a lot, plays a lot of boring videos. Easier to just read the slides, they are very detailed. That being said this class was overall very interesting and Starr (the other prof) is a great lecturer, so it's a mixed bag.
Quite a good prof. The other comments are way off base!
Don was very caring and knew everyone's name by face the first day of class. He is very much a "numbers" guy so a lot of things he doesnt explain very well because he assumes everyone is a genius at statistics. I assume he has a lot of spare time, and is ALWAYS willing to help. Hard tests.
His lectures never went in a logical order according to the way the material is presented in the book, which made studying somewhat difficult. His tests weren't extremely difficult, but there are many details that he presents that he assumes you already know. He also seems somewhat bitter at the world...
he is very opinionated and does not make an attempt to explain seriously both sides of a major scientific debate. Instead, he explains the side he agrees with as obviously correct and dismisses the other as obviously wrong. Some test questions have nothing to do with knowledge of concepts (eg. what did we watch in class?) Not useful!
Gleason's lectures were straight forward, but she has a tendency to drone on in a most uninteresting way. However, if you attend all lectures and take copious notes it is easy to pass this class with a decent grade. Another thing, she's not the most helpful one-on-one so I'd recommend asking other professors and TA's for material help.
She's an OK teacher. I highly reccomend looking at the book and going over her lecture slides outside of class a couple of times. If you're willing to put in the work, you'll get an A. No surpises, just a lot of work.
The lectures were not too bad, but once test time came around I was completely blown away by all of the irrellevant material that we were supposed to know. Highly recommend not taking it with her or at all.
No Comments
His immunology course is ridiculous! Totally unrealistic expectations during examinations, he is set on destroying an entire class during an examination.
She's not a bad teacher, she just makes the exams way HARDER and LONGER than they need to be. Also, she assigns pointless literature assignments (like foundations). Wish I would have read this page before taking genetics with her.
Her lectures were very dry and I usually never paid attention. I barely used the textbook, but used it to understand concepts better right before an exam. Quizzes and tests were hard, but she gives great exam study guides which I would memorize and that worked for me on the tests.
Her social skills are underdeveloped. She seems to be very withdrawn or disconnected from reality. And yes, her tests are not easy. Mostly because of the time restriction. She gives you only 50 min. for the test questions that require at least 60 minutes to be answered in full. The average on her test is about 70%. You'll get an A if you get 85%!
Tests are too long and too hard.
She taught a spring semester frosh seminar on forensic science. Or I should say, the students taught the class. Her "getting to know the university" parts of the class were pointless as we had already been there a full semester. She taught two sections having to do with forensic science, the rest were student taught. Easiest A I've ever earned.
Cyrus does a great job of reading power points verbatim. I have never been so bored in a class. Often spat back answers of "I don't know" when asked questions by students. Yawn.
This class was way too much work for a general credit. The lab feels like a whole other class- there is usually a pre-lab quiz. Lab went the entire two hours, tons of reading... I would not take this again.
Wasn't the easiest to listen to during lectures but if you go to class every week and study his notes the midterms are pretty average. Not a bad professor but probably not one of my favorites.
Really very easy. Good into to basic biology concepts. Fall is a nice guy who is willing to help. However, the class was too easy to really learn much about biology in just 16 weeks.
He doesn't have the most interesting lectures in the world, but I'm an English major and aced the class with minimal effort. He was open to answering ridiculous questions that I asked in order to not fall asleep, which I appreciated.
Very long and boring lectures. White Whales!
He has you do lecture quizes so don't skip. Also he's a fan of group work and calls you for answers. Lame. Overall, it was too much work for an introductory class, but not all that challenging.
She always seemed a little frazzled during class, but her slides were sometimes confusing. She failed to clarify any variables she used for most equations so it was hard to complete the problem sets. Attend her office hours- she helped me with multiple problem set questions that were used for the exam.
She's a nice lady I'd want to do a book club with, not have as a teacher. NO idea what she says in class, the material is easy though. Her section has two problem sets, one exam, and a couple labs to boost your grade. St. Paul class but has a zoom option. Very doable.
Ruth is a well-meaning professor who knows her material but is not the best at conveying what she wants you to take away. She is not the most tech savvy and her slides can be kind of a mess. However, she is willingly to listen to student concerns and is not rude or assuming. A solid choice.
I looked him up on this site prior to taking him, he had a lot of good reviews so I made sure to get into his class. I must say I'm disappointed. U will only have exams in this class. Bad things: talks at the speed of lighting, his lectures are not always clear, tests are hard. Good things:very willing to help and very nice. Old exams available.
A confusing class, yet an easy A. Both tests (midterm and final) are open notes/laptops, and clear instructions are provided for lab homework. However, not very clear on the semester's project... No guidelines at all. Didn't expect to be taught so much programming. Funny guy though! Lots of political jokes. Lecture attendance is required.
Brilliant man, sub-par instructor. I suspect the grading process may have involved an old hat and many slips of paper. Expect off-color humor and occasional political tirades. He was, however, very available outside class and would work with you for hours if necessary. Kind of amusing to listen to... like he lives in his own world.
Yossi is a difficult teacher to understand, but if you don't get it he will try his hardest to make you understand. He goes above and beyond by extending his office hours or offering to come in on weekends for review sessions. It's a tough class though.
At first, I was afraid of his lectures due to a tremendous amount of information on each lecture. However, the tests (two midterms) are not so hard (but not so easy)! Just make sure to read all the slides he posts on Canvas. Attendance is taken via i-Clicker and there are two short papers (super easy) and some research homeworks (short and easy).
I was unsure about taking a Genetics and Society course because I am a Christian in an atheist school, but Dr. Oetting was very objective and did not press his viewpoints. He is very kind and willing to work with you!
His lectures are rather long but he adjusted the syllabus based on student feedback. At first the information kind of goes over your head, but he repeats a lot of the information, so by the end you understand it. He is very patient, understanding, and reassuring and he objectively addresses all points of view on controversial topics. (No textbook)
No Comments
Relatively easy class. sometimes hard to understand concepts.
Lectures and tests are basically straight from the textbook. His grading seems a little ridiculous on tests-- need to have every detail to receive every point, but points are usually non negotiable. Willing to help when he can & curves tests to make them continuous with other sections.
Carrie was a pretty good professor. Class was lecture-heavy and based exclusively on slides, but she was usually accessible for questions so it wasn't terrible. She tries her best to explain the course material understandably, but the class is just difficult to begin with. My advice would be to talk to her outside class as much as possible.
Boring lecturer, but very smart so if you can get yourself to focus it works. Lecture slides are all online so you don't need to go every time, but you will miss EC quizzes. Will have to put in effort because the passing grade is very high (80%).
No Comments
She's a weird person, just warning, but a fairly entertaining lecturer. All the lecture slides are posted online so you don't need to go, but quizzes every week are for EC, so it's worth it. Tests ranged from easy to hard, but the passing rate is high so you do have to put in effort and time.
Toughest class I've ever taken (o-chem included), but earned an A. Might be the nature of genetics, but it was part science class, part IQ test. Book used only minimally; exams cover lectures only. Caution: Exam questions can be harder than any assigned homework problems. Overall, a funny, friendly, tough prof who'll push you more than her peers.
She is very organised. you won't be confused in her class. very straight forward lecture. She makes lecture funny by connecting general life story wirh lecture topic.
Prof. Jarvis is a nice guy. I enjoyed his labs they were well done. He did not give out a study guide for tests, which made it hard to know exactly what to study for. At times something totally unexpected would be on the test. Pay sttention when you watch videos they might be on the test.
He stayed after class a couple times to help me understand expectations, he gave good feedback on our projects, and his lectures were always interesting. The class as a whole sucked, but not because of Professor Morrell.
Peter is a caring person and was conscious of COVID and students' safety. If you had questions or personal circumstances preventing you from going to class he was very clear and accommodating. He had informational lectures but didn't highlight what would be on the test at all. You can learn from him but not necessarily what you signed up to learn.
Professor Morrell was a really nice guy. His class wasn't the worst I've had, but it wasn't the best. It was easy and there wasn't a required textbook. I felt like the class lecture could have been more in depth about Agro. I disliked the TA for our lab part.
Easy A. Professor was enthusiastic about the topic, which is always helpful. He wasn't the most reliable professor--don't plan on him doing what he says he will do (He's really busy with his cancer research). Overall, I'm happy I took this course with him, but didn't feel challenged.
Lectures were quite boring. He has a slideshow but doesn't lecture from it, just kind of talks about whatever interests him. Tests and quizzes were very easy. If you need to take genetics, take it with this guy.
Strain was overall a decent professor. She was helpful when you personally asked for direction. The subject material was a little dry, but I definitely enjoyed the class more than Biol2002.
If you try to understand the book and how bio systems function you'll be ok. I got mid to upper 90% on exams by looking at his slides, then reading the parts of text that correspond to slides. Make sure you understand function, as the tests are more about applied knowledge than rote memorization.
This is a difficult class and his lectures are boring. He tries his best to make the material interesting. The tests are very hard, but he tries his best to help his students prepare by giving practice exams and presenting exam-type questions in lectures. I got 60% and 47% on my first two midterms and a 70% on the final, but got a B in the class.
It is important to study a lot on your own for this class, and do a lot of practice questions before quizzes/exams, because they are tricky. It is hard to get an A, but possible. Also, there is barely any curve at the end of the semester. The lab quizzes are easy points, so don't take them for granted. For me those points made the difference.
He writes his own tests and it was by far my hardest class last semester. Powerpoints can be pretty boring and dry but it's general biology so it's expected.
Knows what he is talking about. Soft spoken lecturer. Is clear in his speech and lectures well. The material may be dry because its General Biology--just make sure you read before going to class if you are not familiar with biology. Exams are tough, but all questions are from a question bank that whole university uses.
His lectures were interesting and enjoyable but you had to watch a couple of long ones before class and then he'd have a related lecture during class. You might be quizzed on his online lecture, though, so you had to know it pretty well(not quizzed for points but he'd drag ya if you were wrong). He gave me new perspectives but could be intimidating
I'll admit that he only popped in for a couple of guest lectures in my genetics course, but this guy was ridiculing anyone with a different opinion than his own. He lost my respect within five minutes.
Dr. Price is kind, and loves teaching, though isn't the best at it. Goes way too quickly on slides, and spends far too much time on specific examples when what you want is the big picture. Exams are tough, clicker quizzes each week, and lots to study per exam. A good 25 points of extra credit given at the end to help boost grades, which was nice.
All weekly quizzes cover the topics that are to be learned in the week, so must read in advance. She tries to be funny, but eventually it gets boring. The class is easy; she takes attendance every day. She gives small "submit and receive credit" assignments which are all easy. Take for a lib ed requirement. Beware the quizzes.
Michele is a good teacher. However, she expects participation in class and her main assignment is a group debate. She also seems very worried about anyone being offended.
If you have any AP Bio knowledge from high school, this class is the baseline o that. Michele has a very routine schedule for her class. Monday five-point quizzes, Wednesday five-point quiz for lab, attendance points via iClickers every lecture. She is so passionate and a genuinely nice person.
Dr. Price knows here stuff. Class is mandatory, but she keeps lectures fun and interesting. Class is really organized and she lets you know when things are due. Keep up with your work and put thoughtful effort into it and you'll get an A. If I could, i would take this course again.
A pretty good Physiology professor. Good, helpful lectures and she goes over some material in class that you won't find in the textbook or Moodle site, so make sure to attend class. She also gives 10 pop quizzes throughout the semester, mostly on Mondays.
Her lectures are a toss up, they can be useful, or you can learn more from the book in 5 minutes. Quiz every week, 2 exams (midterm and final). She wants you to read the text book as well as another ethical based book, with a final project at the end of the year solely based off that book. Quizzes easy, test's hard. Easy to pass, arduous to Ace.
It pretty easy to do well, but she places a lot of emphasis on attendance-based activities (weekly lecture quizzes, in-class assignments, etc.) Her review guides for the midterm and final are exactly what she's going to ask on them. There's a lot of group work. Also, she will abuse the word 'aspect' multiple times each lecture. Hate that word now.
Some advice I wish I'd known: take notes on laptop because her slides are incomplete, she talks fast, and her tests are all lecture material (textbook is useless). Pay attention to her random tidbits of info on bugs, they always show up on exams for no reason. Exam avg. 80. Lectures are super interesting, she's good at conveying info. Easy final.
Very energetic prof who will test details, but overall should be able to sort through the tests. Just study slides and notes. Good class to prep for the MCAT too.
She really cares about the topics, yet she is probably the only one. Her tests and quizzes aren't easy.
Dr. Price is one of the most annoying people to have ever taught at the U. She fluctuates the tone of her voice as if taking to a baby. She also has random clicker questions which makes attendance mandatory when all you need to study for her test are the slides. She shows stupid videos in class that no one but her cares about. Hated every class
Do not take Bio 1010. It is a very heavy workload and the weekly reading quizzes are absurdly difficult. Dr. Price herself, while VERY knowledgeable, has the most annoying Ohio/Eastern accent and talks like she's lecturing to small children. Also, the class focused too much on the biology, not on the ethics I expected it to. Disappointing class!!
this class is terrible. the TA's are harsh graders and are so incredibly specific its ridiculous as the course material is terrible presented you might think its about to be easy because it is ecology but do not be fooled populus worksheets are miserable
Although I am doing well in the class it is a tough class and I am not a fan of her. I have only interacted with her a few times and everytime she has been rude to me. She made me feel bad for asking her a question and is very unapproachable. She also calls out students during class which I also think is rude. Tests are pretty difficult also
She's a new professor, so she doesn't quite have the resources of the first professor, but her powerpoint hand outs with notes were helpful. Wasn't a huge fan of her randomly calling on students to answer her questions, but it did force me to pay attention. If you're interested in biology and do lots of study questions, the tests are really easy
He is an easy grader and obviously does not want to fail students. His tests were easy and straightforward as well as his writing assignments. He was eager to talk about the subject and clearly is very knowledgeable about plant biology. He's a nice guy, I would take a class with him again.
Clay is a nice guy. I took this class S/N. The good: clear grading and what you'll need to know, funny videos, good sense of humor, homework helps you understand. The bad: Ends every sentence with "anyways..." and can mumble. I found lectures long and boring, but that may be because none of the material was new (I took BIOC4332 concurrently).
Her lectures are easy to follow. She is very friendly and approachable. However, she doesn't give good feedback. When you ask questions, she isn't clear. With that in mind, I would take her class again.
Do the work and you're good to go
Wen did not do a great job explaining any concepts that we learned in lecture. She often times moved really fast and began the lab without fully explaining it, or, to the other extreme, would take so long to get started that we would be in lab late. There was no in between.
Would frequently go off on tangents that were unrelated to what we'd be tested on. Unfortunately the class is set up to switch professors, so if her lectures are too confusing I recommend just reading off the slides. Write down some notes from what she says verbally but don't write down every little thing. Memorizing the slides will be more helpful
Dr. Vezys is great at responding to emails, but her lectures are boring and she has issues with pacing. I think she needs to improve at explaining more abstract phenomena.
Savage rating below lol. I didn't think the class was as easy as others did. Need to focus on the weekly quizzes. Textbook is worthless besides getting the hw problems from. pwa isn't a great professor in terms of making the content compelling, but I thought he explained things well enough. Most of the class you'll have already learned in physics 1
Don't miss a single lecture or discussion or you will fall behind. Assignments are difficult - start working on them long before they are due to get help. The questions on the exam are not very hard but lengthy. You have to practice thinking quickly and effectively working through problems to get an A.
He is overall a good professor. His tests and homeworks are long but the grades in the end are generous
No Comments
Dr. Bushley is very sweet. She is new at teaching this class but she did a fairly good job. She knows more about the molecular aspects of genetics and gets confused sometimes about probability. Her tests were pretty difficult and they are the only thing that contributes to your grade.
Professor is nice, but his tests are very difficult (he has EC quizzes tho). Textbookuseless. Grading scale was kind of depressing. A: 93+, B:84-92, C-: 75-83, C: 72-74. He seems to not want to hand out +/- grades, which is actually not good since averages are typically B+ and A- grades, so this system is a drawback. Good luck lol
So much reading and writing was required for this class, yet it felt like there was almost no feedback given. She only taught for the first half of the class, and the second half was all group presentations. Attendance was required even though it never related to the homework. I can tell she's knowledgeable, but the course format just wasn't good.
This class is writing intensive so there will be a lot of writing. You have reading responses due every class period that are graded pretty harsh (only 2 are graded out of 50 points, rest are completion points). There's one 8-10 page paper and a 30 min presentation. Do NOT take this class if you have a heavy course load.
I would skip this class if you're looking for an easy A. Class is based on a lot of lectures (super boring), weekly quizzes, exams, and the final of course. Weekly reflections are a thing too and they are quite tedious. You can definitely get an A in the class but you do have to put in some effort.
I took this class as a lib ed and I wish I hadn't. There's lectures, readings, little homework assignments, and weekly quizzes. There's also a group project later in the semester. On the weekly quizzes you get a lot of time to take them, but they're badly phrased. There's also extra credit options. I just think it's so much work for three credits.
OK
Dr. Bazurto's class is pretty easy to get an A in; there are lots of extra credit points available and the discussions for the society part of the class are really easy. I didn't care for the long lectures and every test had stuff that wasn't explained well in the notes, but she is nice professor and is receptive to feedback. Limited homework too.
The class had group work but simple group assignment nothing difficult, Jannell talks fast, so through Covid19 recorded videos were better than the first half of the semester because you could go back in the uploaded lectures. The assignments were simple. For exams as long as you study the lectures, bonus quizzes, and assignments you will do good.
Struggled to focus on what was important from her lectures. Worst test I had in this class was with her lecturing.
Professor is really approachable and will help if you need it. Go to lectures and he basically tells you what is on the tests and quizzes. He doesn't have anything on the quizzes that aren't in his lectures, so you really don't need the textbook.
This class is amazing and i would highly recommend taking it if you are okay with getting a B. I am a 4th year microbiology major and I found the exams and quizzes to be super hard regardless if I did the reading or watched the lectures before hand. Dana also grades everything very last minute and does not reply to emails. He's fun though!
quizzes are very specific and will pull questions word-for-word from lectures, so be sure to study a lot. There is a long preface at the beg. of the class about how difficult it is, and I have to agree. I went to office hours but the explanations repeated didn't help, so definitely plan to study a lot outside of class after every lecture.
Her half teaching was much harder than the second half. Her lecture slides were confusing and the quizzes were near impossible to complete and required reading the textbook. Attendance isn't mandatory, for all lectures are recorded. The grade consists of quizzes on each topic and five exams. Not bad but not great. Overly hard
This class was harder than it needed to be. Exams are mostly short answer and there's a ton of content that needs to be memorized for them. I've had worse professors/courses.
Esther Krook-Magnuson is a good professor, however, the content was difficult to learn in a short period of time. She does offer extra credit though, however the class was lecture heavy and grades were based on exams, as there was no homework besides reading the book, but honestly it doesn't help that much. Overall, it was an interesting class.
Completely online asynchronous w/ Proctorio exams. Not a hard class - if it was given sole attention. 20-30 videos + readings/week, videos are short (1-10 mins, 2X speed). Interesting topic + informative, but very nitpicky on timing of discussion comments (must be 2 diff days) + hw quizzes. Open-ended written exams, clear expectations for class.
Very fair grading. Tests are very simple if you go to class and pay attention. Doesn't take a lot of crap. Newer Teacher, but very focused on making sure you learn what you need from that class for your degree. Always willing to help. Overall good experience. :)
This class was very straightforward but had weekly reflections that often felt like busy work. Towards the end of the semester, a lot of the deadlines do NOT make any sense. EX : Big project after spring break, final paper due towards the end of the semester then still has 4 normal lectures after and then the final exam. Overall great guy and easy!
Kate was a great professor, but the exams in this class were very hard!
She is good. The class itself is just boring. She is nice and enjoys talking about research. The class is standardized so the slides are the same for each professor. She is available to answer questions in person and really likes participation during group presentations on "society days."
It seems like Dr. Adamala is primarily here for research, but she is a good professor as everything on the tests is also in her slides. Her lectures are pretty uneventful, but she can be pretty funny sometimes. You'll have to memorize A LOT of info, but just study before the test and you'll be fine.
Easy A only if you get a good lab group. Lots of random deadlines, so it's important to be organized or you'll lose a lot of easy points that end up making a big difference. The final paper and poster are the main components of your grade
The class was weirdly set up in general. Throughout the semester, the syllabus would change (you could literally watch her do it LIVE on the document). Its an easy A, but is set up poorly and can cause unnecessary stress. In addition, the class is full of SO MUCH busy work it hurts because the course is required.
Honestly, I don't blame Dr. Kirkpartick for how horrible this class is. It's v unorganized and if you get a bad group, you end up doing a lot of the work and they get the credit. I spent more time for this class than I should for a normal three credit course. The due dates are literally all over the place and I would avoid this class if you can.
Overall kind of boring but that's not necessarily her fault. Didn't gain much from lectures, discussion section is definitely more important.
Tests are very straightforward from lecture and textbook readings. Her slides are useful to look over while studying, but lecture was pretty much the same as the textbook readings.
Great professor, explains everything clearly, but sometimes goes too in depth with her explanations and bores you. Really easy class if you show up and put the lab hours in. I would not buy Integrated Genomics, I didn't open it once, and nobody that I knew did either. Also, try to get Seth Thompson as a TA. He's fantastic.
Kirkpatrick is a decent professor. She is clear and helpful when you see her during your lab work but outside of that she is not the best. She quizzed us on things that were not taught in lectures. Her grading scale makes no sense at all: I got an A- in the class and got 94.22% of the points.
-2 lectures and class periods/wk -flipped classroom -lectures cover basics, homework is DIFFICULT; sometimes seems like lectures are irrelevant to HW -good at explaining when asked about specific problem -prof + TAs majorly inaccessible outside of class so ASK QUESTIONS ASAP -2 midterms, final is group project
Kirkpatrick is definatly knowledgable, though he is a really boring lecturer and a I didn't pay attention in a lot of his classes because of this. That being said, he is super nice and was helpful whenever we asked questions, and the content is difficult but not too hard to understand if you just watch a couple videos.
Professor Packer is a really cool guy and definitely respected by students. He does a good job explaining material in an interesting and sorta funny way.
Runs on "flipped classroom" where you watch lectures at home then review lecture during class time. Not terribly hard but extremely time and labor intensive, if you have other commitments like work or harder classes you're screwed. Good if you're invested, definitely not if you just need the bio science credit. Packer is delightful, though.
THE slowest talker on the face of the planet. He is very monotonous and boring, but its an easy class to pass.
Averages on tests are 60% but I studied a lot for them and averaged around 85%. Atleast one pop quiz each week, he gives them randomly at the last 5 mins. They can be hard and are from the previous lectures. Very biased and makes things very hard like tests and quizzes but TAs are easy.
You MUST attend the Lectures or you WILL fail! His tests are IMPOSSIBLE! All the tests are way more conceptual and really detailed. This class made me hate bio. If anything don't take it. He knows his stuff but his tests are too hard.
ATTEND LECTURE. In the end if you attend all of the lectures, pay attention, and take detailed notes you'll do alright. Lab is a joke and your TAs will take away points whenever they can. Professor Packer is an interesting lecturer just make sure you write down everything that he says.
I never opened the book, and never needed it. To understand the info, you MUST attend lecture. Mid-terms and finals were kind of hard, but paying attention, using his review sheets and looking at his slides (which he posts online) help.
Very boring lectures, not very helpful to students. He is gone about 25% of the time so get ready for guest lecturers. Very hard exams. Overall class percentage for both mid-terms was below below 55%.
Nice guy. Lecture is painfully boring, but there are in lecture quizzes so you have to go most of the time. I've fallen asleep in more lectures than not.
He was a good instructor but his tests were hard and lectures could get very boring. But he makes things a little easier if you miss class by putting all the lecture slides up in the tutor room.
It's an easy class if you're not stupid. It probably helps if you have an interest in biology and know some of the basics. He's a good professor, keeps lecture relatively interesting, and despite what others say, I found the lions bit interesting. If you're relatively good at biology, this class is a breeze.
he talks way too much about his personal research on lions- it gets real old, but i guess he is a pretty good teacher other than that.
Adds unneccesary detail and concepts to his lectures-Made it hard to decifer which parts he wants you to know for the tests. He catches you off guard with his humor which is a definite plus! Tip: when you feel like sleeping in class (you will), review your notes from the previous weeks before dozing off. that way you dont have to cram last minute.
very smart guy. knows his biology. a little bit too anti-religion, but it's all good. got a B, so i'm not complaining.
Boooooooring!!
Class based only on lectures, textbook is useless. Clicker questions every class count towards participation. Pompeis lectures are very boring. Tests are not too difficult and few short homework assignments. Lab for this class is not bad either.
She's difficult, but she does care a lot. She really wants students to succeed, but can be a little condescending. Her tests are hard. Multiple choice got me the most points because partial credit on long answers is difficult. There's a lot of content to memorize. Highly recommend flashcards.
First year teaching this course and there were 3 real assignments in total. Failed to put in grades till the very end of the course, and was not specific on how to do well. Each class was talking about the reading, but if you don't do it, you honestly will be fine. I did not read 95% of the material. The course is interesting but student ran.
Although I know a lot of people that didn't like Wright, I think it's very easy to get an A in this class if you put the effort forward. She gives TONS of extra credit and was always willing to clarify what she wanted if you asked her one to one. She grades harshly but go to office hours once before an exam to ask Q's and you can easily get an A.
Robin is one of the most passionate professors I've ever had. All of the people I've talked to that haven't liked her have not put forth their own effort. If you try in the class and put in time at home, you will easily pass with an A or B. I currently have 105 extra credit points! Tests are difficult, but again put in the time--you'll be fine!
It was an extremely hard class but soooo rewarding if you can do well. About 50% of the class ends up with an A or B+. You have to be prepared to work hard and not be afraid to ask questions. Robin is a tough grader but will answer questions if you go to her office hours. She's tough but reasonable and very fair.
The idea behind foundations is to get you to think like a scientist. Unfortunately Robin limits scientific thought to her method of thought, which is a little narrow. That limitation has demoralizing consequences on tests. That being said, I do think more scientifically having taken the class, and if you do the work an A will follow.
I liked robin a lot. She is a tough grader but she means well and just trying to make students think scienficially. For 2002 the content is very independent based but if you had any questions robin was good at helping you think through the science
Personally, I am not a fan of her class. I think she needs to kind of have a fore warning for the course stating that students are expected to spend at least 40 hours a week on it. I ended-up having a terrrible time and not learning as much as I could have because I had 18 credits with this class. She also expects you to sell your soul to the class
Her exams are ridiculous, and the grading is more subjective than it should be for a biology course.
He's a nice professor, but his lectures were very open and sometimes hard to study for. He tends to veer off topic a lot. Most work for the class was the lab portion and using RStudios. The exams were easy and open note. My only complaint was his final exam was really vague, and the questions were really different compared to the first two exams.
An interesting dude... He's very into his own ideas but some of the things he says just aren't true (humans are NOT filter feeders!!!)/he seems like he's just trying to impress us by things he's done/thought about or people he's met. I'd like to listen to him tell stories but as a prof I dunno. Exams weren't too bad but there were some odd things..
Clarence is a super cute old man. He's very nice and really cares about the topics he teaches. He tries so hard to make his lectures inspirational. Often times it's vary hard to pick out what was important to know from the lecture, and some test questions were his opinion. He does listen and was open to giving points for those questions anyway.
Lehman gives informative lectures and he's helpful if you approach him. He is passionate about what he is teaching, which makes learning more interesting. Clicker questions with slight curve at end of class allows for some absences. Lab grades and T.A. have a large influence on final grade. Lecture portion/exams had curve but not the lab portion.
Clarence really enjoys class feedback. If you want to learn about a certain ecological topic, he may assign a lecture around it if you ask. I didn't really know what we were going to be tested on, but the exams were not too difficult. Throughout my semester, Clarence was trying to incorporate more humanities-based material into lectures.
This class was only graded on 3 exams. There was no homework or quizzes. Each test is 50 questions and is so specific. There is only one practice exam per test. They help a little bit but you NEED to memorize. Memorize everything that is on the slides and the study quides. reading the textbook doesnt help much for exams. grades on a huge curve
No clear grading criteria for this class and you won't know your grade till its on MYU. Very boring lectures, biggest struggle is trying not to fall asleep. But if you want a good grade go to every class pay attention, annotate and write down everything he says in class study after and MEMORIZE the slides, do the practice exams and you'll succeed.
This classes requires lots of memorization, but everything you need to know is on his slides. He presents the material clearly during lecture, but start studying early, as exams weighted heavily. There is typically lots of information on the exams, so be sure to keep up with the material. I struggled with the memorization aspect of this course.
Adolph is really nice, but the lectures are so boring and semi-difficult to follow. You have to go to class and take notes on his slides because that's what the entire exam is based on. Only graded by midterms and final. Don't take early in the morning if you don't like waking up, I fell asleep so many times. Overall nice dude, boring class.
The class was graded primarily on exams and quizzes. Homework is not mandatory for this class. Kenneth Adolph teaches by using his PowerPoint slides so be sure to annotate and study them to do well on exams/quizzes. He is extremely monotone so it can be very easy to doze off while watching his lecture videos. Exams and quizzes are proctored.
Professor Adolph is as boring as it gets for lectures. I scored around a B to B- per exam, but thats my fault because I stopped going to class & had to cram lectures. If you skip but memorize everything on the slides, you'll be fine. If you want an A, you have to show up to annotate everything he says + memorize it w/ all the slides info.
Monotone, provides 3 practice quizzes for the 3 quizzes and 3 exams, non-cumulative final. Memorize everything in the slides that he posts & listen to lecture. No trick questions & no textbook is needed because exam questions are written based on the lecture slides. Very easy class, biology heavy, little chemistry & calculations.
He is a dry professor, but well organized. You will only be graded on your tests, but the are curved considerably. Show up to class and study the powerpoints and you will be fine.
Lectures are very dense. Many people printed out his slides before class and took notes on those. I hand-wrote all my notes and drew all of the diagrams/models and I believe that really helped me memorize more. His tests are extremely specific so flashcards are helpful. No cumulative final but the only points in the class are from the 3 tests
Lectures were pretty dull, but the class was pretty easy. Just memorize what's on the slides. Tests are multiple choice. That's the only thing that's graded though - there's no homework or quizzes, so make sure you do well on the tests.
He is very boring. He would spend a lot of time on one slide with a diagram on it, yet repeat the same info so many times. You need to attend lecture though because he does say additional information in class that will be on the exam. His exams are not too difficult. They are all multiple choice and you just need to memorize his slides.
He has a monotone voice which makes it hard to pay attention, but his actual teaching abilities are pretty good. Pay attention to what he writes on the board and points towards with his cursor.
While the lectures can be rather boring, he does a really good job of explaining things in detail. The material is pretty easy so it has a tendency to feel like an easy A, but he tends to test on weirdly specific facts, so go to lectures, stay focused and take good notes. Read the textbook, it's very useful.
His lectures are all exactly 50 minutes. Tests are hard but he provides you with a lot of study materials including lecture slides, lecture notes, study guide, and practice quiz. Study hard. The book is helpful as his tests can be very specific at times. It's biochem. It's not gonna be easy but only a small percentage don't pass after the curve
3 exams, multiple choice. Go to class take notes on his slides and what he writes on the board. Don't need the book unless you need to clear up a conceptual aspect. Talk to him at office hours to clear up questions. Content wise, just need his slides and the provided lecture notes. Provides study guide and practice quiz. Work hard, A is possible.
3 Exams. No Final. Tests are all multiple choice. His voice is very monotonous but the questions on tests are all from the powerpoint slides that he gives out. He also supplies a study guide. I bet he's a very good grandpa to some lucky kid. He seems like a nice guy. Very straight forward teacher.
Prof Adolph's online slides are all you'll need to do well on the course. His practice exams are useful too. He's pretty clear about what he wants you to know on the exams if you ask, but doesn't explicitly state these things in lecture.
Just memorize the slides and you can ace the exams, only multiple choice and no final
The lectures are very dry and he often reads the slides verbatim in lecture. The exams are 50 questions and multiple choice but he likes to test on seemingly unimportant and minute details. Use all of the resources he provides online and know the slides by heart. I got an A by basically memorizing the lecture slides. I didn't use the book very much
His lectures are read from the powerpoints he posts. Tests are difficult and straight from the book. Read the book, every detail, and use powerpoint notes to study. Dry lecture, very monotone and hard to stay awake. I wouldn't recommend him.
He writes some of the most brutal exams I've ever had to take. You would have to memorize the textbook to actually have a fair shot at every question. He test for tiny inconsequential details, completely fails to test for understanding of broad important themes and concepts in biochemistry. Exams expectations seem to be set up for biochem majors.
Imagine the first few chapters of any biology textbook, you know, the ones directed towards the biomolecules and such.Now imagine that spread out across an entire semester. Adolph teaches the most basic, boring information and spends far too much time beating a dead horse. If you want to learn useful biochem, take a different professor.
His tests are graded based on a bell curve, therefore, you will only know how you are doing after the course. Of course he gives relative grades. Very boring! Hard to stay awake. You need to memorize the text book. He looks at details not main ideas.
He is really boring, but at least he's easy to understand. I found the tests were not too bad as long as I studied his notes and read the book. Try to get old tests from someone so you can see what the format is like, because theyre not that similar to the Practice Quizzes he posts online.
Very boring lecture, but it's funny how he reacts when someone has a question. Multiple choice tests are fairly simple...he has very well formated lecture notes that will help on the test.
Borrring. Relatively easy multiple choice exams however.
The lecture material is from the book, but he wrote the book so I found that helpful. Problem sets were helpful for reinforcing material. Weekly reflection are more appropriate for foundations, not a 4x-level class. The final project had little to do with genetics and focused almost exclusively on researching how to profit from genetic engineering.
Brooker himself is very kind and available to students. He wrote the book, so the exams and lectures correspond well. That said, the weekly group homework and semester-long group project are a massive pain with very few guidelines. Each question on exams are worth 5 points, so getting even two questions wrong can really mess with your grade.
Brooker had errors on every exam given to us. Fortunately, he was accommodating for such errors. The class material and exams are relatively easy, but the group project is awful. There are no clear expectations and Brooker will not give very helpful feedback such that you can get the most points possible.
I took the course online, and read the textbook/lecture slides for every week. The quizzes and problem sets were reasonable. Exams were relatively easy, and purely multiple choice. The group project was a complete mess with unclear expectations. I highly recommend taking the course online rather than in the classroom.
I took the online Genetics course with Brooker. The videos - he basically read the slides, but skipped over some important ones. I'd suggest just reading the book. MEMORIZE THE QUIZZES because the exam is just HW probs plus quiz questions (reworded, sometimes) . The group work SUCKS, if you have a bad group like I did. Heavy curve, 90% A.
group projects aren't bad if you have a good group. Quizzes are tricky but they're mostly there to prepare you for the exam. exams are quizzes+homework. However; they're 20 mcq for 5 points each and 2 questions for 40 pts. if you miss one big question, you're over. 1 question for 40 POINTS REALLY??? but whatever, just study and focus on mechanisms.
There was a quiz every single day of class, but they could be easily passed with very minimal studying effort. The lectures are completely online and generally quite dull, and the entire class time being devoted to group projects that provide little educational benefit. Overall, I felt like I could have learned much more from a different professor.
Textbook are helpful for homework. Tests are based on homework and weekly quizzes but because the quiz result won't come out until Sunday night, you can't know what you got wrong on the last quiz include din the exam.
Brooker did an amazing job on this course, I really understood the material good. Then came Naoko Shima (dun dun dun). DO NOT take this course if it is co-taught by Naoko, but if Brooker teaches it alone, it will be awesome.
I took this class IDL and I would not recommend it. The notes were helpful, but you have homework and two exams. A lot of this needed ot be self taught by doing additional research outside of the book and notes. The exams are hard so be prepared to take them. He is strict with his grading scale also.
He tells you what to study. His notes are basically word for word from the textbook, which i dont recommend buying since everything is in the power points. Not my favorite but makes fun of himself so its worth going to lectures
Dr. Kennedy makes very difficult quizzes and his exams were not easy either. He loved to test on tiny details from the text that he didn't teach and tended to ignore the big picture concepts from lecture. That being said, he was nice to talk to and seemed like a good person - I just wouldn't recommend him as a professor.
Dr. Kennedy is very caring and really puts in effort to make sure students understand the material. Feedback on long-term projects was great and he really made sure to clarify each point. With that being said, his tests and quizzes were difficult and did not cover big-picture material or the concepts emphasized in class.
Dr. Mohr is very passionate about microbiology and lectures were interesting. Your whole grade comes from 4 exams, no curves, exams are purely memorization. He only gives you outlines of his slides, so you NEED to come to class to get all the information for tests. Memorize everything on the slides for the exams! Seriously word for word memorize.
Dr. Mohr is an ok professor. Super lecture-heavy and not super engaging. Lectures themselves are helpful but very long and often plain. Exams require no critical thinking whatsoever - solely memorization of the content in the slides. He is very knowledgeable about microbiology, so much so that he has an ego about it, but he does not teach it well.
He is a very nice, but make sure you go to lectures, because he omits stuff from the slides online so you have to come to class to take note of the missing info.
Class is very heavy on memorization. He is a good lecturer but can be very impersonal. Since he is the only current instructor for MICB 3301 you get him for better or for worse if you have to take the class, but if you are looking to take MICB3301 as an elective I would recommend other classes because the workload is heavy with little payoff.
Dr. Mohr is a nice guy, but he's a very tough grader. No curve in this class, and the tests are incredibly detailed. Memorize EVERYTHING on the lecture slides, and if he says to read a specific section in the book, READ IT because it will be on the test. It is possible to get a good grade in this class but be prepared to put in a lot of effort.
He's engaging and passionate. He is the worst test giver and grader out there. His tests are full of things he barley mentions in lectures. You have to memorize everything he says and MAYBE you'll get a C, which is a good grade in his eyes. To get an A.. well memorize everything even little things he barley talks about. The tests are essay mostly.
very dense lectures and his voice naturally puts you to sleep. but he genuinely cares about the content and about his students. very open to questions, both about lecture and related material
I have to say that he is a good professor who has very fun classes, however, the exams are horrible. Note cards will be helpful but to get a better grade you have to remember every word he mentioned in class. If this is an S-N based course I'd happy to take it, but it's relative, not easy to get an A in this class.
Dr. Mohr is a clear lecturer, engaging, and puts outlines of his slides on Moodle so you can follow along. But you can't miss class because his slides are missing information. Tough grader and really tough tests. A lot of work, but it's a 5 credit course with lab included. Available for office hours and help. Don't read the book unless he says so.
Good teacher who cares about his teaching. However, for people who aren't majoring in micb, the information is incredibly detailed and hard to see much use for. Memorize everything for exams, including bacterium he may only show one picture of and make sure you can spell out every acronym.
Great lecturer and super interesting class, but a super hard A. Tests were extremely tough - basically had to memorize everything on every slide presented. You have to go to class to get the notes, and don't bother reading unless he explicitly says to in class. Lab was a ton of work, but was what helped bring me to an A in the class.
4 test. Mainly fill in the black and written, some multiple choice questions. Tests require a LOT of memorization. Quite picky for answers on written. Tests are lecture based, never skip lecture. He only provides partial complete slides. Lab is fun, but a lot of writing, two 9-page reports, lab notebook. Will require a LOT of work for an A.
Really hard professor, it seems like he just bombards you with information. I mean that in the nicest way possible, he is very knowledgeable and willing to help out a student if he sees you're genuinely putting in effort. tl;dr - don't skip class, he doesn't post lecture slides and you'll have to bum them off a friend. Just, don't.
Not very approachable but is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about the material. Will make you work for your grade!!! Take very detailed notes during his lectures and the book is not required. For exams: requires very detailed answers and labeled diagrams with perfect spelling. Lab goes along with lectures and is a definite grade booster!!!
Textbook not 100% needed but it did help clear up and reinforce some key concepts. Memorize the slides you should be fine and be at least getting high B's on his tests. In general, he's all right dude, but can become confrontationalnasty if you ask for a regrade. He almost accused me of changing my answer after the test (I didn't). Still got an A!
Study everything from the slides and go to class! Textbook is there as a reinforcer, nice to have but not completely necessary. Also, take take the class with the lab. Lecture only course is based strictly on 4 exams and he doesn't curve. I wish I had.
This professor really knows microbiology inside and out, but he is not the nicest. You basically need to memorize every single thing from his lectures in order to get a decent grade. I studied very hard and never missed a lecture and still got a C. I normally get A's. The class was interesting and lab was really fun, but the tests were hard.
Dr. Mohr is very knowledgeable about microbio. He loves this class and spends a lot of time preparing for it. However, he is not always the nicest or most understanding person when you talk to him or ask for help. You have to go to class or else you'll miss really important material. His exams are straight from lecture. Tough but enjoyable class.
Dr. Mohr seems like a nice guy, and he's good at lecturing, but his tests are brutal and if you are in the lab section of the class he makes it even worse on you. Considering how hard his tests are and that there is no curve even though you get different quizzes in the lab, I do not recommend this professor. Mohr makes this class unbearable.
Dr. Mohr is over all a good prof. You can easily get an A in his class if you put in the effort. All you need to do is use his power points to memorize the material. Now to the bad side. He is rather rude and unapproachable if you run into any difficulty in his class. He easily becomes hostile when approached for help. Better ask your TA for help
This class will suck the life out of you if you want to do well. It's not impossible to get an A, but you have to use your memory skills to the fullest capacity! Don't start studying 2-3 days before the exam and expect to get an A or B, unless you are a genius. This class will take a lot of your time, at least 20 hours per week so plan accordingly
His personality is zero and his jokes are lame. However, the tests are all based off his lectures exclusively, unless he mentions a table or figure that you should know. His exams are difficult, because they are extremely detailed oriented! So, either you need good note taking skills or a recorder.....then memorize everything he say's, for an A.
He was an excellent professor. Print out his slide outlines before you come to class! He leaves parts blank so you can fill them in, which was quite helpful for me. I only used the textbook to look up tables and figures, nothing else. I would definitely take one of Mohr's classes again.
Doesn't seem to know anything not directly in the textbook. Some of what he says is out of date and plain wrong!
This is the introduction to animal science, and it is super easy, attendance is iffy because you really don't need to be there, but there are really good speakers to help with being a freshman and confused about what to do next if you feel like you're in the wrong area. Palmer herself is like a mom, super kind and nice, but she takes long to grade.
This professor is a nice and caring person. She loves this course, you can tell. Although her lectures are heavy and must be there for random quizzes, she does post the recorded lectures online. Now, the disappointing part about this professor is that she lectures you everything, but only certain things will be covered in the exam. Over work load
Takes FOREVER and a year to grade things. The gradebook is never up to date so you really don't ever know how you're doing. Seems unprepared for lectures. Wastes a lot of time with things that won't be on the exam.
I really like Melissa as a teacher. She keeps her lectures interesting and makes sure you understand. If you do have a question, the best way to reach her is asking her in person like everyone else has said. She makes a class like physiology easy to understand and her tests aren't hard if you pay attention in class. She even posts notes online.
I did not like this class at all. Dr. Palmer treated us like we were in 7th grade. Except that her tests were college level. She does not answer her emails either, which is pretty irritating.
I took this class in the summer. This professor has never taught an intro biology course at the University of Minnesota, and it was very apparent. Her failure to adapt to an introductory level was the fate of many in the class. Her exams were not correlated to much of the subject matter she claimed was important. Don't take Intro Bio with her!
Extremely easy!
Very unorganized and don't count on taking a test on time in her class she makes a schedule but doesn't follow it. Not a hard class if your able to organize the material some way on your own. And it annoyed me how every section we talked about she was like "In animal phisyology" I am not taking that class her pushing it made me not want to take it.
Decent teacher, she reiterates what she really wants you to know, so being is class is a good idea. She wasted a lot of time in class going over student's emails for the whole class and uploading articles and videos about things we were talking about in class. Would have preferred if she gave us the option to view that material.
Lecture was really easy and her exams were really easy. I thought the lab was much harder. Interesting class and she is strikingly good looking.
Dr. Palmer is amiable and cares about her students. But when I took the class it was her first semester teaching, and it was painfully apparent. Everything from the lecture slides was word-for-word from the book and she read the slides as if it were her first time. Lectures were a waste since she allowed students who skipped to take make-up quizzes
The hottest professor!! Thought she was a student the first day of class. Teaching style is basically only power points but adds some crucial information in lecture!
Dr. Simon was very friendly and funny, but did not have a ton of energy. The class was not incredibly interesting and he didn't do much lecturing.
My main beef with Professor Simon is that he took a lot of points off on our final project but did not justify the grade. Otherwise, I think that his lectures were fine, and he used jokes before the weekly quizzes to help students stress less. I wish he was less condescending when I asked him questions about grading or the material.
We had to watch all the lectures on our own time, and they were recorded by a different professor instead of Dr. Simon. Class time was kind of a waste, for he didn't teach us anything in class and it was just group work time. There are weekly quizzes, a cumulative exam, and a group project. Overall he's a good guy, the class setup just sucks.
80% is exams no matter how well you do on other things only exams matter. It is such a hard class and Olson I guess does an okay job at lecturing but this class has like 4 other professors. So basically it's a very teach yourself kind of class. Study hard!! make sure you try to pass the exams and also there's extra credit but don't rely on it.
Her lectures are engaging, clearly loves physiology, and you will learn a lot. However, I would never take this class again. It's also very time-consuming with MWF lectures, weekly quizzes, discussions, and labs. Exams are 80% of your grade, and the averages are often no higher than 75%. So make sure you study days in advance and know your stuff!
Prof. Olson is a good teacher herself, but specifically with PHSL 3051, there are multiple professors which makes the class hard to follow. I struggled mainly with the teachers that weren't Olson, but also be warned - this class itself is difficult. There's a lot of information to comprehend. I would've been fine if it was only Olson teaching.
Dalay is the course director for human physiology, however, 5 professors rotate through the course in different units, which made it hard to study to cater to each professors specific questions. She's very nice, but physiology is hard. The lab period functions as mostly lecture, so 4 lectures a week was a lot to keep up with. Be prepared to study!
Dalay is a very nice, caring woman. Though, her class is very difficult. She tests on very specific information and it is necessary to know the terms and practically have the textbook and lectures memorized. The other professors of this class test on more general information and are a lot easier. Be prepared to study for her test, a lot.
This class was fast paced and covered a lot of information. I took the in-person class but ended up only watching the online lectures and not going to class. I would take notes on the online lectures and do the study questions. She has many resources and study help for students. With hard work it is very possible to succeed.
Not very kind or helpful. Basically just tells you to check canvas if you have a question. The grade book was messed up from the beginning and it was really frustrating when it came to the end of the semester.
Weekly quizzes and four exams. Study questions help A LOT, but the exams do not have all of the study questions on there. She gives a lot of materials for us to study from plus meeting sessions, but they're not really helpful. Class average was a C. Her response to emails is to just look on canvas and read the course information.
He is super funny, which makes the lectures more bearable. The class is hard and requires lots of memorization and studying. He is also a tough grader, even to the point of being unfair at times. However, Dr. Siliciano offers lots of office hours and is super willing to help students who are looking for additional support.
Straight up, this class is hard. It isn't hard due to the material but by the sheer amount of memorization. There's a lot to memorize and that requires time and studying ahead of time. Of the biochem profs, he's prob your best bet. If you have everything memorized perfectly, the exams won't be too difficult.
Siliciano is overrated! Mine is the case where the personal experience did not match what everybody else was saying here. A few dissenting points: he spends more time on joking around than on a serious discussion of things. His jokes are not too sophisticated either. Amazingly he does not know the answers to questions to which he should know
Dr. Siliciano has made this class an interesting series of applying some of the more specific concepts of biochemistry, genetics, and our bodies to looking at diseases, and he does it in a way that is approachable and comprehensive. Make sure to review ALL material (even what seems inconsequential), because in his class, it's ALL important.
Absolutely nothing special. He is actually kind of annoying.
Mr. Hatch was very passionate about his teaching. He was very informational and helpful when it came to assignments and projects. However, his class was very long and confusing at times. He was also a tough grader when it came to projects.
This class was fairly easy. Jay tends to get off topic but he's very helpful and there are study sessions available before tests.
Hatch is genuinely a good person. He will assist you if you ask for help. The textbook is not necessary; Exams come from lecture notes. You will do fine if you attend lectures, review sessions and office hours from clarification.
Overall, a great lib ed class that is interesting with minimal work. First test is a take home and the labs are simply high school biology level. Jay is a nice guy, but kinda crazy. He tries really hard to be funny with bad jokes and all! Would recommend Jay and this class if you want an easy A and a general scope of biology.
He's a really cool dude and would always say the corniest jokes during lecture. Very passionate about the course and is willing to help when you ask. He's gets side-tracked a lot and takes a couple of lectures to get through a chapter but the overall class it was manageable! Be sure not to underestimate the test because they were fairly difficult.
Participation is required, a submission is due at the end of every class so I went, but it was very boring. He is helpful when needed, and grades fairly, but there is a ton of cushion for your grade by the end of the semester. Nothing to worry about.
He gets very off topic during lectures but if you ask questions he is very helpful. I would recommend using the weekly quizzes for studying for the exams. Sometimes the same questions appear on both.
Dr. Hatch is a very, very, very, very intelligent man. Sometimes, he has difficulty relating to his students because he is so smart. Take the class, study a lot on your own, and form a study group. Lab is enjoyable, but the lecture exams are very hard. Study bio everyday in order to be well prepared for the class.
Dr. Tiffin's lectures were ocasionally unclear. Office hours were immensely helpful in resolving this. Use them and ask questions. He is kind. Dr. Tiffin graded harshly on the team project but awarded some credit for tests and quizzes. Quizzes were tough. Tests were fine. As long as you are proactive this class is doable. It is overhated.
Foundations just sucks as a class in general. He does have pretty good lecture slides, but handwriting is very hard to read and his voice cracks make you lose focus sometimes. My advice would be to email him with questions, and study the problem sets and in class problems. His portion of the semester are why a lot of people got bad grades.
yah, know, lectures weren't always the clearest but at least he's funny and willing to regrade and explain assignments. overall enjoyed him, spent more time out of class learning than with Niehaus in the first half of the semester
He isn't super clear in his lectures and quizzes, but is good about giving back points that are missed due to lack of clarity or typos (which are pretty common for him). Tests can be tricky, but never include information that isn't discussed in class and he is clear about what will be on them ahead of time. Overall a pretty good professor.
Dr. Tiffin is a great guy, but his lectures can be extremely confusing and vague. He is quite disorganized in his resources which makes it harder to study for the tests. I have attended his office hours a couple of times--and it has been extremely helpful for me. I recommend going to his office hours for help.
Peter is a nice guy, but I never really know what is going through his mind in his lectures. Very confusing. Can't get over his voice cracks. His slides are all over the place and he really likes diagrams. Be prepared to contribute to class and make sure you do the readings every week.
Tiffin is SUCH a nice guy!! But the topics of his lectures in this class are interesting, though the lectures are not that good. You will learn almost entirely from the textbook. He is very disorganized (what he says, the syllabus, & what the assignment calls for may all be different). Be prepared for tons of busy work and to not learn very much
overall she is really passionate about her work which is good. i would never everrrrr recommend this course though. one of the hardest courses ive taken. it is heavily curved though. just not worth it pick a different class that satisifes this requirement
Professor Rougvie went a little fast sometimes. It's alright when you already know the content, but if you're learning genetics for the first time it gets really hard to follow. I wouldn't recommend her class to people who aren't that good at genetics. Assignments weren't difficult and exams weren't too hard.
Her lectures were very boring and hard to stay engaged. The only reason why I went to class everyday was because she does iClicker questions for participation which requires students to be in class. The tests cover a lot of material, but the tests are basic and not too difficult. She gives a lot of random assignments to do online.
he cool
This class is not perfect, but I learned a lot and did well without too much stress. You'll spend a little time learning statistical tests outside of lecture, but homework is minimal and the tests are fair and similar to the 5+ practice tests he provides. His grading is a little specific, but overall a good class.
Janet is just an old lady that is super passionate about biochemistry. Was it really hard to stay awake during some of those lectures? Yes... But her slides are super well organized and tell you a lot of information. She also records her lectures, so you can go back and review them if you missed a class period.
Dr. Schottel is a very smart and comprehensive teacher. That being said, her lectures are pretty bland. She mainly reads off slides and provides in class questions to help with comprehension. The volume of material you're expected to memorize is massive. Study early, do the practice exams, and go to TA office hours.
Dr. Schottel is a very caring and intelligent woman. If you send her an email she responds within the hour. However, her tests are EXTREMELY difficult and graded without any partial credit (I lost 3% for a 1 missing negative sign once). You also have to study about 15-30 hrs per exam due to the amount of material she expects you to memorize.
Janet is completely fine as a teacher. Unfortunately, the class is very dry. She reads from slides she's probably had around for years. Pay close attention to the slides because minute details are often how exams are padded outside of drawing detailed structures. No idea how I would've even gotten a B had class not gone online for the 2nd half.
Janet is clearly very passionate about biochemistry and is insanely smart, she just isn't the best at teaching. You must always be paying attention in lecture and make sure you study the pointless stuff for exams. I figured that out quickly and ended up doing okay on the exams.
Dr. Schottel's passion for chemistry is clear and she's got a wicked sense of humor (if you like science jokes!). She shows up prepared for every lecture and uses iClicker questions for participation. The clicker points are going to save my grade in this class. The tests are beyond brutal and she flies through lectures at an unreasonable rate.
Schottel is a pretty good professor. The practice exams she posted online were lifesavers when it came to studying for exams. The clicker questions were annoying, but other than that her class was fine. Her lectures are near verbatim from the book, so if you read that, you'll get an A.
Janet is a fantastic professor. It is apparent she really has a passion for biochemistry. However, she definitely uses that passion in designing the hardest tests imaginable. Her tests are much more difficult than other professors' tests and the final is cumulative. Only take her class if you are willing to put in many hours of studying for an A.
Janet is very interested in Biology. Her tests are tough. I felt like I could never really grasp what to study for. Go to class! The extra 10 points of extra credit from using the clickers during class helped me raise my grade. She has an amazing sweater collection as well! ;)
Biology 1009 has a lot of information to learn, and can be extremely hard. Janet puts out extreme effort to help students. You should expect to put in a lot of time and effort for this class no matter who is teaching it.
As long as you seriously READ the book youll do fine. I taught myself everything by reading the text and taking notes out of it. prepare to study and put a lot of time into the class. If you attend lecture make sure to read the assigned chapter beforehand or youll have no idea whats going on. very difficult class; too much material for 1 semester
The material is not too bad but Schottel makes it boring. The lectures are not stimulating at all and just make you want to fall asleep. It would be better if there were more videos.
The most stupidest class I have ever taken. Schottel's exams are really hard. No matter how much you study, you are going to fail. She makes the exams so tricky.
Bio 1009 is allegedly the most failed class at the U of M. Its probably true. The amount of material covered and the depth to which it is covered is ridiculous. The teacher doesnt matter so much as the amount of time and effort youre willing to put in. Use the books companion CD! It helps.
Considering the amount of work covered, Schottel does an adequate job of explaining concepts. Be prepared to work hard. If you do, you will more than likely end up with a passing grade.
I have a 3.6 GPA and I had to drop the class. For the first 3 test the average was around 30%. Be prepared to memorize your book.
If you take this course online, be prepared for heavy work load weekly. They have you learn new material the same week you have one of the major unit exams, wasn't sure what the though process was there. TAs are tough graders too, considering most of the lab work is in groups its completely unfair as these teams were a mess when most dontcontribute
He is a very nice professor. However his tests are very hard and there is a lot of busy work.
In bio 1001, there is a LOT of busy work. Even though most of the classwork is done in groups, there is a lot of reading and lecture videos that you need to watch before class. Professor was gone most of the semester on paternal leave, and I thought that the TA did a better job teaching lecture than he did. Good and easy prof, but hard class.
I gave Charles a 3 because he wasnt really involved in my learning process as this was an online class. The format of his class is confusing at first but it makes sense once you get going. You will read a lot for this class, I spent about 3 hours each chapter but you wont do well if you dont read and take notes. Tests and labs arent too bad.
The class itself was not relatively difficult, but the flipped classroom style was a waste of time and did not benefit students in anyway. The worst part of the class is how unorganized it is, you are graded by tons of different things and have assignments on multiple different platforms that it can be hard to stay on top of everything.
He was a fine lecturer. Flipped class, meaning you watch lectures online and do homework in class with a group. No feedback on in-lecture assignments, and I felt like the material was not explained well in class, which gets you confused when taking the lecture quizzes, but he really tried to help you understand. Attendance is mandatory.
Willis is a very smart professor, who is actually chill and pretty funny. I would have enjoyed his course more if it wasn't a flipped classroom. There is lots of group assignments and iClicker participation in each class. The exams are very difficult if you do not learn well on your own outside the classroom.
Overall he is a good professor and knows what he is talking about, it was just the class structure (that he didn't make) that make this class confusing. He was accessible outside of class, and would walk around to help people. The in class quizzes that he gives can be confusing and can't be made up so attendance is important.
I did not think this class was terrible, but I would not recommend taking it if you are looking for an easy A.
He's very cute but can't really say anything else about him. Does answer your questions though!
This was just an intro class to the SSM major, there were about 10 assignments the whole semester, and Cindy grades really easily. She was really nice and always had class end early!
She was very kind and understanding but did not do a good job with grading or time management in class.
She's passionate but doesn't know how to explain clearly. Outside class videos helped more than the lectures. Lectures were surface level and often required student participation (drawing, answering questions, etc.). Exams are free-response, so look over class-examples (!), and pay attention. Teamwork is essential, and extra credit may be given.
everyone hated this prof in class. i felt bad for her. i mean i dont hate her but i wasn't a fan of her portion either. she's very smart but doesn't know how to teach it at our "lower" level. but she's very caring though, she gave an announcement about terrorism and love and all that. repsek i guess
Dr. Schuchardt is a newer professor, and it shows in a few areas. She doesn't have an efficient teaching style, and sometimes seems like she's trying to impress her students. She can be defensive if you try to argue something with her. One on one, she is extremely helpful. Students have given her a hard time, even though she's clearly trying.
Marahrens isn't a bad guy, but this class was definitely the most disorganized I have ever taken. Expect to see grammatical errors on exams, slow email responses, typos/wrong answers actually right, etc. The most important thing in order to do well is memorization, if you can do that, you won't have a problem in the class.
The guy is a bit eccentric, tests are mainly memorization. But just work on rewriting the slides in a word doc as he lecutres with them and study off of that. actually, just memorize it. otherwise, he's a bit cooky but funny. Once he wouldn't shut up about BRACA-1 and BRACA-2 and how Angelina Jolie got a mastectomy bc of it.
Exams are mostly fill-in-the-blank and completely based off what is in the lecture slides. Memorize everything on the slides and you'll do well!
His lectures are a bit dry and the material is very complex, but if you can memorize terms you will do fine
He was late almost every single class, read the power points exactly. Only exams go in the grade book and you need to memorize the power points to do well. I would recommend taking it through another professor. Don't need to attend lecture because he posts the power points online. Sometimes he was funny with his side stories.
Professor York is definitely knowledgeable in this area and is willing to help students. His test isn't hard (mainly fill in the blank, short answers, and multiple choice) and he's a fair grader. However, beware, the test are long given only 50 minutes to do so. Every time I took the exams, I felt more time was needed.
Study his slides intensively from word to word is the key for his class. 2 mid terms, 1 final, no weekly homework, and they are not accumulated, so you study about 1/3 of materials for each exam. Not a super bad class, but not an easy one either.
It's difficult to do well in a class where there isn't a very strong correlation between the amount you study and how well you do on exams. The exams test your ability to apply the material at a level far beyond what is covered in the lectures. To make matters worse, the exam questions are often unclearly worded, and trick questions are common.
EH seems great at first; he's funny, articulate, and has high standards. But when you analyze what he's taught overall, it's not much. The tests are meant to test problem solving, but for the 99% of the class wo extensive research exp. you just don't have the know-how yet. I would've LOVED to learn those skills, but he doesn't want to teach them.
Be able to apply everything lectured on, no need for the textbook I'd say. You need to understand stuff like western blots fast and interpret real scientific data related to subject material. Grading was somewhat lenient in the end, but you gotta work
I took this class mostly out of self-interest, and it did not disappoint. The lectures were interesting and engaging. Randy assigns several articles per week for you to read, and then there are often pop-quizzes or 1-page reflections you write on them. There is a group projectpresentation, an 8-page term paper, and 2 exams. Loved this class!
If you are one to skip class often, you WILL NOT pass this course. Attendance is about 40% of the grade. So, if you go to class, I recommend the course. It is very interesting to talk about both sides of the evol-creation controversy. His exams are tough, but if you attend class, you will pass.
Dr. Moore is super passionate about the controversy which really helps stimulate interest (his southern accent doesn't hurt either)! No textbook, but emails you every other day with articles you have to read before class (like actually read, he quizzes you on specifics for participation). Start your term paper early!! Show up to class for an A.
He repeats things so you remember them. He says things in a passive way sometimes that makes you think it's not that important. Then, he might quiz you on that very thing later in lecture. Take good notes on ideas that seem important. Tests are fairly easy, some concepts on tests are more deep that gone over in class.
Randy is a really fun lecturer. However, he presents the material to be easier than it really is. The tests relate concepts that he didn't explicitly touch on in lecture. Lab is pretty easy, the grading system is pretty easy so getting an A is a good possibility if you go to lectures and skim the book.
he's a decent professor, but damn his tests are hard. I took notes, but never got more than a B on each one. I have my final exam tomorrow and I'm not expecting too much. IDK why people say this class is easy, I had a 4.0 last sem so i'm not dumb, but i studied my butt off for this class and I'm not any good at it.
He was a good teacher but you could tell that he KNOWS he is a good teacher. That could get annoying. The class was ridiculously easy if you actually go to lecture. I had no trouble getting an A in the class. Nice guy but not very personal with the students and almost over confident in his teaching.
I have never had a professor that cared more than Lanier. She has office hours nearly every single day and is always happy to work with you and answer questions. That being said she is NOT an naturally good teacher and often makes mistakes during lectures and has to back-track. Lectures are recorded, REWATCH THEM!
Lorene kinda gets a bad rep for being a bad professor. She is unclear and back tracks a lot when she gets confused(and in turn confuses everyone). I recommend attending lectures and then re-watching lectures and taking notes. She's really nice during office hours. Helps to take neuroanatomy with the class
I've never learned so much into a class; but there is TONS of work (a quiz or assignment due EVERY SINGLE DAY) and tough exams you REALLY need to study for. All lectures are recorded and put online so watch, re-watch, and watch again! No extra credit, no curve, but manageable if you put in the time and effort!
I found her lectures very confusing - she jumped from detail to detail without any connections between them, and I always felt like I was a step behind. Attendance to lectures is a must for the tests though, which are quite hard. She was approachable and helpful outside of class.
She's nice and generally responsive to questions, though she sometimes answers so minimally that they're not really answered... LOTS of typos in exams and lecture slides. It's clear she knows her stuff, but doesn't always communicate it clearly (mis-states, then re-states). No major complaints, though. Lots of office hours. Fascinating material. :)
Lectures can be hard to follow and not clear at times, but she is very helpful, kind, and really wants you to do well. You just have to work for it.
The professor is really nice but the format of the class was awful, you'll basically study everything by your own anyway so coming to class is useless, coming to class is recommended because there is a quiz at the end of every class. when it comes to teaching , I will give Theresa a really low score. easy class in terms of material
Professor Joel Barker is very passionate about what he teaches. However, understanding these lectures is extremely difficult without consistent review of textbook material, as the slides are brief. In addition, in-person exam dates are not made clear unless you engage in all lectures, which can prove to be hard if you have a heavy credit workload.
Pretty good professor but he goes by his lectures very fast. Midterms and exams are closed note so its hard to memorize everything as the study guides contain a lot of information.
I took BIOL 1003 with Dr. Furniss and Dr. Hammarlund. Attendance required, there are graded in-class assignments every day. A lot of busy work outside of class. As much as this was kind of annoying, it did help me understand the material better and it was clear they wanted to increase student knowledge. Class lectures were interesting and relevant.
The professor is decent, 4 total exams through proctorio and lots of extra credit offered. The amount of studies she had us memorize and know was absurd though - be prepared to do lots of studying.
Herman was a very nice man but had unorganized lectures and slides which were hard to follow. Reading the textbook in combination with lectures was important in understanding material, but not ultimately necessary. Exams for his half were all multiple choice and on Canvas, attend exam reviews as they will mirror the tests very closely.
Very chill professor. Very detailed with lectures but bad hand writing and can be hard to follow. Definitely do practice exams. Prior knowledge of biology will definitely be an advantage. If you haven't taken AP bio before it will be very challenging.
Prof. Shima was very kind, but I spent most of my time learning from the posted lectures from the textbook author, and during the lecture, she would just review the concepts already presented, which I personally didn't find helpful, but I know others did. I would expect that the class is substantially different in person.
Class is not mandatory, but if you go you have the chance to get up to 6pts Extra Credit each time. You are graded on 4 exams (and no final). Her lectures are boring but all the material is post online afterwards, so you have opportunities to miss class. Definitely worth it to take it from Dr Shima.
Reads off the powerpoint but has a charming personality. Group work was 16% of the grade and it was abhorrent. This class was co-taught by Nick Somia, and it was far from ideal.
She had a good sense of humor and presented material in a more practical sense by running through experiments and teaching through usage of technology. Accent took some getting used to but did not interfere with my learning
She can be somewhat hard to understand because of her accent, but I loved her power points because they simplified the concepts and made them understandable. Reading the book was completely unecessary because her power points would cover anything that would be on the exam and save me hours of reading. Printing out the slides is definitely worth it.
Robert is a nice guy and definitely cares about the subject he teaches, but class is very boring and the textbook was quite expensive. Lecture is mandatory, as he takes attendance most days. Tests are pretty hard, so studying class material is essential. Gives good feedback on tests. Wished he would have involved the class more in lecture.
Bob means well, but he and class are pretty monotonous.
Sean has certainly made a difficult course. There are no open-note assignments (though, he did offer some extra credit), just tests and quizzes. And there is a ton of content to get through each week. He is a nice enough guy, but he could be condescending at times. Not impossible to do well in his course, but you'll have to put some hours into it.
This class was taught by both Professor Prescott and another professor and that definitely made the class better. It was on the more difficult side, you need to go to lectures and you have to participate with a group. Tests were pretty difficult, but lectures were mostly interesting and overall not a bad experience.
Dr. Prescott was a nice professor and I understood her enough on her teaching days, however the class in general was very lecture heavy, and you were always working on in class assignments with a group of 3-4 people. We had to read a chapter of the textbook every 1-2 weeks, however they did provide it for free online. Overall, it's a decent class.
Whoever said "group learning" wasted their time in class was right. The lectures are boring and there is always so much material to know. Do not take this class if you dislike group projects, there were four. The 3 midterms averaged about a 65% and were not curved. Kristina is an okay professor, but it doesn't make up for the class itself.
Do ALL of the study resources and read the related textbook readings a few days before the test so you can ask questions. The grading expectations all-around are insane, making it frustrating and hard to enjoy the interesting topics. I feel there wasn't enough time in each lecture, they felt rushed and so much time was wasted with "group learning."
Tests are extremely hard no matter how much you study, there are 6 exams total and I didnt get a B or A on any. Lots of homework which is the only reason I even passed the class along with group quizzes which my group basically carried me on. Lots of study sources are given and the feedback from students are always taken into consideration.
His lectures are very dry & it takes forever to watch/take notes (for reference, it would take me an hour to get through 10 min of videos). To do well on his tests, you NEED to write down EVERYTHING he says. He tests you on what HE teaches, not on anything from the textbook. There are 4 essays (add up to an exam (100 pts)) & NO cumulative final!!
A lot of easy grade boosters like weekly quizzes, group projects, and essays. The lectures are very hard to get through and you need to know all details so instead of watching the lectures, I made detailed notes from the lecture transcription and the PowerPoint slides. This saves you a lot of time from taking hours to write notes from the videos.
Roon is a quirky guy in person, but his online lectures are dense and dry. I recommend taking the flipped version of the classhaving an in person group to work with was really helpful and Roon and the TAs were accessible for questions. The exams are difficult, but if your group all gets above 60, he awards extra credit. The essays are easy points
online class, papers are good for your grade (don't plagiarize), lectures are very boring and almost scripted out of a book. Weekly quizzes about the lectures, those are easy. Study for the exams, those are actually hard. Group workshops, just pray you get a good group... Roon is not very friendly over email either
Lectures are mind numbingly boring, papers are a great grade boost. Be prepared for a lot of memorization.
This was an odd class. There are 4 smaller papers and a longer paper that make up a large part of the grade (for a biochem class). There were grammatical errors on the exams, and I got questions wrong because of them a few times, so be careful to read the questions and decipher them.
BIOC 3021 ODL isn't bad. The essays are great for boosting your grade and studying. Certain questions on the exams can be unclear. The ProctorU system is very tedious; I usually had to wait 15-30 min for a Proctor in order to take my exam.
Be prepared to memorize; it is biochemistry. The first test is very easy but they do get harder. I wouldn't take it online only because it takes forever to get your grades and you never really get to see your tests. Also, ODL doesn't offer many times to take the tests so you might get stuck with Saturday mornings.
Nice and competent TA. Be prepared to have Biochem dominate your semester. Review lecture slides, complete quizzes, do practice exams, write out essay questions, and draw out pathways until you can't anymore. There was a curve that helped. Note: he has a zero tolerance policy for exam extensions and exams grades take a while to post.
Don't buy the book. His videos have everything you need in your exams. Biochem can't be easy regardless who is your prof, but I'm glad I have it with him. He is great, replies email promptly and not trying to kill your grades and your GPA. Recommended !
A good professor with fair tests. He is very helpful if you ask a question in office hours. Don't need the book to pass. A bit monotone though.
Roon is the best biochem prof out there. His lectures are straightforward and he gives you lecture recordings online to listen to. If you listen to the recordings and review his lecture note slides, you'll do fine. He also gives 10 essay questions and picks 4 of them for the test. Final doesn't have essay questions and isn't weighted like a final!
I took the ODL version of this course and it is all multiple choice and essay questions...not sure where the person below is getting fill in the blank, etc. I did not buy the book--didn't need it. Also...his lectures are just him narrating a powerpoint reading his lecture notes word for word. Not too difficult of a course, but requires time.
Professor Roon and his TA say they will make themselves available (on paper). Neither are available to help students outside of class. Online Biochemistry ridiculously easy, Units 1,2, and 4 easy. Unit 3 all metabolism, challenging. Did not grow as a student. Was not challenged. Consider taking two-course biochemistry sequence, (with lab = minor)
Dr. Roon is a great guy! He has a silly sense of humor and all his lectures are posted online, which is great. Attendance is monitored by "iclicker" use, but you can skip 4 without missing out on points. He also doesn't give a final, which is unheard of among biochem professors. I definitely recommend taking his course section!
The ODL version of the class wasn't that bad, but it is def harder than the in class version. Would DEF recommend this prof to anyone!! TOTALLY AWESOME!!
I thought that the professor was funny. I liked that he printed off his old tests for us and his notes. I just thought sometimes the questions that were asked on the tests came from nowhere or that it tested us stuff that we learned later on in class.
He has a Mullet!!!!!!! But seriously, he made the class way easier than it could have been.
Prepare to spend hours doing the study guide questions to prepare for your exams and quizzes. One annoying thing is you won't be able to see what you got wrong on your midterms. If you have questions, she'll respond and help but in a sassy way. Other than that, the class is not that bad.
I took this class with online lecture sessions and an in-person lab, Sue was good from what interactions I had with her. BIOL1009 is VERY dense, I don't recommend taking it unless you're going into Biology. Lectures actually weren't all that necessary, the lecture guides/slides she posted are very helpful although I had some stressful cram nights
So many lectures and a ton of midterms. Online quizzes are fine but no other homework to help retain information
This class is mid at best. The course is VERY clear cut (do the study questions, you'll most likely do well on the exams etc.) but there is a lot of material, so it is not as easy as people made it out to be. The lab has lab quizzes and lab exams, so prepare for those. There's 3-4 reflections in lab as well (single spaced, 1 pg) but they were easy
there were aspects about the online course i liked and disliked. i liked all the resources sue gibson provides -- study questions, lecture handouts, powerpoint slides, extra credit. the lab attached to this course was a huge waste of time and not very useful. the lecture videos were a bit confusing at times, and some weeks were had long videos
For an online format, Prof. Gibson does a good job making sure that everyone has the materials they need to succeed in her class. The lab portion of this class was what ruined it for me as it consisted of in-person quizzes and exams (on top of the exams in lecture) and had 4 papers.
The lecture that is taught by Sue Gibson is confusing at times. It is very lecture heavy and she goes through things very fast. It was an overwhelming lecture class. The lab part that was taught by a TA was good though. My TA was friendly and she did the best she could to help us. Sue gave us too many lab quizzes and most of them were during exams.
She was good but the class is hard. The lectures are also posted online so you don't have to go to lecture. The deadlines for the lab assignments are usually in the same week as the midterms and final so plan accordingly. Not my best class but also not that bad. The class needs work though.
I love Sue, she's a lovely lady but her tests are pretty challenging and her lectures are pretty boring.
we didnt even use the textbook. the exams were mostly based on study questions online and the lectures in class. she posts a lot of the lectures online as well as the slides and notes. didnt really get close to her or ask for help, but she was really passionate about what she was teaching about. lectures are really long and boring though.
dont buy the book! its a waste of money, everything thats on the test is in her lectures. literally all i ever did to study was take the study questions on moodle around 25 times, as the entire test comes from those questions. also didnt ever go to class, she put notes and lectures online. definitely recommend her, she makes this class very easy
Gibson's lectures were very boring, but she gave very clear and comprehensive study guides for every lecture which were extremely helpful. She also had study questions for every lecture which helped in mastering the material. She also used these study questions on the quizzes and exams. As long as you use the resources she gives, exams are doable.
The class is not that bad. Just study what she says to study. Do the study questions tons of times and the tests will be a breeze. However, her lectures are so boring you will want to stab your eyes out. I doubt more than 45 people ever come to our 500 person lecture.
Rather dull, yes, but relays the info you need to know for the test without going too far off-topic. Wish she had taught the entirety of the class, as the grades dropped sharply when the other professor took over and the entire grading curve had to be reshaped to account for it.
Take advantage of her lecture notes! If it's not on the notes, it's not on the test. She can be a bit monotone, but definitely a very knowledgable and helpful teacher that you'll wish come second half of the course...
She posts her lectures online, so you can go back and catch parts you may have missed. Or, just watch them online instead of going to class. Her tests are fairly hard but she is clear in lecture. She quizzes and a portion of those questions are on the exams.
Dr. Norrander has done a good job making the online course expectations clear and interactive. However, the amount of material presented in this course is immense. The tests are doable, but it's very difficult to study when there is so much information to cover for each exam. Lots of group assignments too!
Hard in the sense there is a ton of stuff to know(enough to make your head hurt), easy in the sense that the test questions werent difficult. What helped me to do well was to first go through the lectures without memorzing every detail. After, that memorize the flash cards given. Then lastly go through the lectures with the intent of understanding
Dr. Norrander was good in the sense that she responded fairly quickly to emails. Her lectures were boring and long, and she provided a ton of content to study for each exam w/o really specifying what was necessary to know. My main problem was that a lot of her non-exam points were based on pointless weekly group assignments that lowered my grade.
Her lectures are extremely boring and monotonous, but she provides lecture outlines, the slides, and videos of her talking so you have many options for studying. The class is a ton of work and there are only 3 exams, so don't fall behind!!
Prof. Norrander gives clear and concise lectures that cover everything you'll need to know for the exam. The ODL version of BIOL 4004 is significantly less work than the in-person version partly because she doesn't waste time in her recorded lectures. If you stay on top of weekly assignments, it's a pretty easy A.
Took Cell Bio via ODL. 3 proctored exams w/ a non-cumulative final; 1/3 each T/F, matching & essay. Weekly problem sets (homework) can be challenging - allow enough time. Quizzes & online discussions quite reasonable. Skip the textbook - everything is covered in lectures, notes & slides. Not easy, but an A is definitely possible w/ solid effort.
Didn't enjoy my time with her. Very tough grader and looks for something specific in every assignment, wether that's clear to you or not. Her method of teaching is calling on students who don't know the answer and having you take notes on their response...? Her MC parts of the tests are SO annoying and confusing. Typical foundations experience.
A lot of key information is through lecture only. Which slightly sucks because she only posts half filled slides. Does a lot of calling on teams to answer "case study" type questions, which is painful when the team clearly dont know. ask her questions after class, she is very nice and helpful 1-1. Weekly projects seem a little excessive at times.
Dr. Resnick's lectures were very dense. You needed to take detailed notes to even have a chance to do well on the exams. She was very helpful one-on-one or in a small group. She provided very detailed feedback for long-term projects. I personally wouldn't choose to take her class again but she is a good professor.
Her tests are on the harder side, and you need take notes on her lectures during class (tests are lecture-material heavy). She gives great feedback on the projects we have, though, and I can tell she genuinely wants everyone to succeed. I felt like the material was just a bit too complex for an intro biology course.
Professor Resnick wants students to learn and cares about our learning, however, she doesn't execute it in the best way. She isn't clear on her teaching and cuts students off constantly.
She is brilliant and a great professor, but for this particular class, the style of class but terrible. She was a big fan of active learning, which does not work well in a packed lecture hall. Sometimes the style made it more confusing. The exams weren't too bad and got easier throughout the semester.
Tamar was overall an okay professor. She did prepare some slides for class but on most days it would be pictures. If you show up to class and have a basic understanding of the class you'll be ok. Honestly, I wasted my money buying the biology textbook. I barely used it which is my fault but I still did ok.
The class was the hardest thing I have ever done. She lectures for 2 straight hours and doesn't stop until well after the time limit. The tests are hard, she expects you to not only know the material but be able to apply it on the exam. But, there are only 3 exams throughout the whole semester and its a lot of knowledge to remember for each test.
She teaches half of Foundations 2. I dislike that her slides are mostly graphics so its hard to review them and good notes are a must for non-textbook content. There are long, weekly readings and with online quizzes. What she wanted from the group project was unclear, but she gave good feedback when confronted. Tests were average in difficulty.
She runs an alright bio class but has the tendency to talk down to students at times. She sometimes has long lectures that take time from the group projects which was annoying. She was an alright teacher and her tests were doable with some studying beforehand.
She was great at giving back relatively helpful feedback on project work. She was a nice person in real life but would get relatively mean with the class if they didn't participate all the time. Her lectures were also really long and left little time for the group project that she emphasized a lot.
In order to do well in Professor Scott's class you have to read the textbook or at least skim through it before class. There is a lot of unnecessary material in the textbook but it makes lectures easier to understand. There is a lot of content within each lecture. Overall, she is not a bad professor but I felt like I had to do a lot of outside work
She gets a lot of hate, but I liked her a lot. She has a tough subject to teach with a ton of material to cover. It's A LOT of reading but doable by just skimming. Lectures were a bit boring but she's very knowledgable and answers questions well. I suggest staying ahead and taking advantage of quizzes and labs because the exams are tough
Professor Scott is very knowledgeable, but she isnt the best at teaching. The TAs are very coordinated with her, and the flow of the class is nice. To succeed in this class, lecture is very important. It emphasizes what is important to know. The textbook helps explain it better, but it has a lot of stuff you dont need.
Dr. Scott is very willing to answer questions, however, some of the homework assignments and resources do not correlate well with what will be on the exams. The exams can ask very specific questions, so make sure you understand the material properly. There are only two exams and one final, and the class covers about two chapters per week.
the biggest thing I can say is go to lecture, and take notes on a laptop if you can. I would type up what was on the powerpoint before class and then type pretty much everything she said during lecture. no need to read the book if you do this. she says everything you need to know, but FAST. lab TAs help clarify. NOTE: I took this class pre-COVID
Dr. Scott was an okay professor, she presented material rather quickly in lectures which would sometimes end 15 minutes or more before the end of the class period. However, that was my only real grievance, she did a perfectly adequate job otherwise.
Dr. Scott is really nice one on one but her lectures were so boring. To pass just read half the chapter the lecture will be on the night before, go to class and just read the rest. Sit in the back and put in headphones literally you dont have to listen to her.
She has a weird grading system and is not the best teacher; she talks fast and does not teach everything that is on quizzes or the worksheets, so reading the textbook and taking good notes is a must. Scott seems rough around the edges and is kind of a tough grader, but she actually does care about the success of her students (at least I thought so)
Show up to class and do the group work, because at the end you'll get full credit for one of the quizzes and tbh all points really do help. Lab scores make up a significant portion of your grade in this class. GOOGLE THE QUIZ MULTIPLE CHOICE QUESTIONS, its the best way to study as exam questions are pulled from the textbook test bank.
Be sure to read the book and attend lectures regularly, otherwise you'll fall behind and fail
Dr. Scott tries to bring participation into the classroom, but it ends up making you try to understand activities rather than pushing your understanding of the material. Combining readings with her lectures should give you enough to pass the tests. The class is usually curved a bit. Her lecturing ability is pretty low.. She's kinda boring.
This class in general is a bore. Advice: do really well in lab! Those quiz points add up and so do in class quizzes. Its a pt. based course. Had her for half the term and she did in-class worksheets, which were nice breaks from lecture. Tests aren't bad, its just that they throw in some random questions that you might have to know more in details.
Cheryl is a nice lady but not a great professor. The lectures get really boring and the material gets very confusing. She does her best to explain the material but it is still difficult to understand. Pop quizzes are given that can be somewhat difficult. The tests are hard even when studying is done but are passable.
Good instructor, knows what she's talking about. Class felt a little bit like high school, but it was nice because she sometimes graded in class activities. Tests were hard; I think reading the chapters was necessary to do well. Very comprehensive syllabus/grading criteria which was nice.
Lectures are extremely boring and she speaks very slowly, but she does take her time on explaining things to make sure the students understand. She makes us work in groups sometimes on worksheets and that also helped me learn a lot. She is also helpful in that she gives study guides for exams.
Although you can tell she knows her stuff, she is bad a teaching it. She pretty much reads off the slides, and her monotone voice doesn't help. I would have sat in bed looking at the slides online, but there are 10 random lecture quizzes. That being said, the class total was nicely curved and she provided helpful lecture notes and a practice test.
Dr. Scott is brilliant but not the most clear when teaching. She knows an extreme amount of biology and genuinely tries to make her students interested. However, she is hard to follow, her exams are not impossible but are difficult. Lots of self/group studying will be needed to succeed. If this is a first bio class, I do not recommend Dr. Scott.
o.k.
Ehh the class was fine but lecture attendance is mandatory. Don't think I'd take this class again.
For a non-major bio class, this course was pretty difficult. The homework points and lab points are super easy to get, but the exams are intense and specific. If you study a lot and participate in the team assignments/labs, you'll do okay. Mark is a great guy and clearly passionate about this material which makes lectures more bearable.
Grading criteria is a bit vague at times, and he grades really tough on short answer questions. Overall, though if you attend lectures and pay attention you can pass the class.
Decker is okay. Make sure to pay attention in class because there is no way you will pass if you don't. He is a really tough grader & expects certain words to be used in the answer you give otherwise you will get points off. Kind of talks down to students even when he forces them to answer questions but seems to genuinely care about his students.
This had to be the hardest class that I have taken during my time here at the University of Minnesota. I'm not a science person which may be why I struggled so much in this class. However, thanks to COVID-19, he was more generous with grading. Decker isn't exactly for every student so be careful.
He is very knowledgeable about biology and gives very detailed lectures. It was hard for me to follow along at times but overall the content was interesting. The labs are easy. Be aware however.. a majority of the test questions are very specific and come from lecture examples, not the overall topics. Class was interesting but challenging.
Lectures are soooo boring but attendance is mandatory due to the team assignments we have in class. Overall the class isn't that hard but theres a lot of busy work and the exams are based on the things said in class so if you skip class, you will fail the test.
Good luck getting ahold of this guy outside of class. His office hours weren't something I could ever make it to with my schedule and he almost never replies to his emails, I had to get a lot of help from my lab TA. Lectures are fine enough, he throws a bit of humor in there to make it tolerable. I just didn't vibe with him. Show up and pass.
Do NOT take this class if you aren't planning on being a Pre-Med major. Prepare to do lots of studying.
Lectures with Decker always give you a good laugh, but you'll usually leave feeling like you learned nothing. He's incredibly intelligent, but spends more time bragging about his lack of likability as if he prides himself on it, rather than actually teaching. He does not explain things super well, is very unorganized, and has poor time management.
Decker is sarcastic and it can be hard to agree with him on certain topics, but he truly cares and wants you to understand and enjoy his focus of evolution. His part of the test is primarily short answer and understanding/analyzing graphs, which he grades fairly harshly.
Try not to miss the lectures, because you get most of the points during them. Miss a couple, and it'll hurt. In other words, you'll get an A as long as you go to the lectures. Mid terms are really easy, and so are the labs. The things he casually discuss during the lectures are always on the quizzes, so try to pay attention.
Easy bio class to take for a lib ed. People who took it S/N got their points three weeks before the end of class. Labs/reflections are very easy. There is a ton of busy work and quizzes but they aren't difficult. If you do all the busy work/lab reflections and get Cs on the midterms you can get an A. Don't buy "The Red Queen" you won't read it.
Have to go to lecture in order to do well on weekly quizzes and exams. Lab is okay. Exams refer to a lot of examples discussed during lecture. Group work in lecture. Posts notes and slides on moodle which is helpful for review. Pre-class quizzes online before every lecture. Online reflection and quiz due before every lab. lots of little assignments
Mark is a great guy. I really like his lectures because he can be a total ass to students, which makes it funny and entertaining. If you don't like being told that you are completely wrong and stupid (sometimes), don't take this course. If you like a solid, sarcastic professor that will help you, take Mark.
Decker's kind of a jerk sometimes but I've learned a lot from him. The stuff he teaches can be deceptively simple but he gives you lots of opportunities to apply what you're learning in simulations and group work. His tests were easier than Matthes's but he still took lots of points off if you weren't as specific as he wanted. Be prepared to work.
Fun professor, likes to joke around and have fun with teaching the class. His focus seems to be more about using scientific thinking than about knowing the course material. Sometimes, questions can be unclear and little will be given to explain why you lost points. Hard class with lots of work, but a great professor that is willing to help you out.
Overall, he teaches well and it is clear that he enjoys his job. Sometimes he is not the best at clarifying concepts. The class is easy however the tests are hard because they are extremely ambiguous. There is no clear correct answer, so it seems more a game of guessing how he would reason vs. actual knowledge.
Entertaining but a lot of discussion was not relevant to exam material. Used lengthy examples that were very specific and did not actually explain material well. Studying for exams was difficult due to irrelevant material in lecture. However, very open to helping students. Exams not very easy but reasonable.
He's okay. He can be kind of rude and condescending at times, but I don't think he even realizes that that's how he comes across. Most of the time he's nice enough. His tests for 2002 were always pretty fair, though difficult.
Very condescending at times, but I feel it was necessary for the course material to stimulate thinking. Tough paper grader as well. He was a great speaker though and engaged my attention well.
You better study your behind off for this class 'cause the tests are not easy. Quizzes are easy but the tests aren't like the quizzes. I suggest talking to him to find out strategies for taking his tests and that might help.
I have mixed feelings about Dr Mosser. On one hand, she seems like a very interesting and kind person. On the other, I absolutely hated this class. I will say that Dr Mosser was the better of the two professors that were teaching this course. The sections that she taught weren't awful, though I wouldn't say they were particularly interesting.
Mosser was nice but her sections were very brief. She's a good prof and tried her best to teach but the class structure didn't help. There are weekly quizzes (individual and team), 3 exams, and a big team project that is basically your make it or break it grade. Exams are free-response and they provide practice exams. Class examples are exam worthy
Dr. Mosser was a fine professor. She was helpful outside of class although a bit awkward when one on one with students. She taught very clearly and didn't waste any time in class. Only drawback is that if there was a question not in her area of expertise, she had no clue how to answer it. Even small, basic things.
She's a very kind professor and writes clear exam questions. Although rare, her in-class "lectures" are decent and interesting enough where it's possible to listen. Not the most outstanding professor but not a terrible choice for this course. Her passion for the subject matter is clear.
Her lectures are long and not very interesting. I skipped all of the lectures and read the book instead.
Very nice and approachable professor. Her tests, while challenging, connected to what she taught us in class. She doesn't always explain things clearly, but if you ask she is very willing to give you a more in depth explanation. I would definitely recommend a class with her.
She is really nice and sweet. She doesn't always make stuff super clear but when you ask her things she really stops to think about what you are saying and answers the best she can. I think she spends a little too much time on the easy concepts and not enough on working out some of the problems. She is pretty picky about grading take-homes
Very very nice and fair grader. Her lectures were often boring and not important or related to actually what was on exams.
Mosser is really nice, but isn't always super helpful. Her lectures are often confusing and boring, but if you ask questions she would definitely help.
Deena Wassenburg is a nice professor, however, this class was rough because of the pandemic and because of the intensive amount of readings assigned. The exams took a lot from the readings, so that was also brutal. iClickers were used so attendance was mandatory. I'd say some of the homework she assigned were too hard and intensive.
She is a very nice person and a decent professor. She is very straightforward when it comes to the more awkward topics of 1003 but she doesn't hesitate. Her tests were sometimes hard to understand but just study and you should be okay.
Deena is a very caring and approachable professor. The class was harder than I expected, but she provides a lot of supplement assignments that can help boost your grade. She posts her ppts online, but they usually do not contain enough information for you to skip. Her tests were not terrible, but questions were sometimes confusing or worded poorly.
The class was definitely harder than I expected it to be. Hate science so I hated the class. However, she's helpful and her lectures are interesting. Her test don't make sense sometimes
She was an engaging professor. Her slides can be a bit unorganized but that's not a huge issue. There are many ways to earn points besides the exams. There are clicker points but if you get the REEF online app, you can get those w/o turning up in lecture.
The material in this class was interesting, and for the most part Deena was a good professor. The only problem I had was that lecture focused on examples of applied concepts (looking at studies, real-world occurences, etc.). She whizzed through the slides with actual information on them before anyone had a chance to write it down.
Very fun professor, loves and is interesting in the topic she's teaching. Tends to spend most of the class talking about the fun interesting facts rather than what we are tested on though. Lots of graphs to read and quite a few projects between lab and lecture, but definitely a great teacher to have if fulfilling your biology requirement.
The exams make up this class: two 40-question multiple choice exams, and a 60-question multiple choice final. Deena is data crazy and aims to maneuver the class in a direction wherein they interpret data all the friggin time. The content seems easy in lecture but is difficult on the exams. Deena is amazingly sweet, though, and interaction may help.
This class is self taught. The Teacher only reads off the slides during lecture and you are expected to do the rest of the teaching and understanding yourself. The class is very difficult and your whole class grade is based on your exams. AND THERE IS NO HOMEWORK so your grade is all up to your exam and quizzes that do not do much for your grade.
This is not the easiest class I have ever taken, but hard work does pay off very well in the end.
This class is extremely interesting & Dr. Matthes is definitely passionate. However, it is a TON of work. 10-15 page research papers due every 3 weeks w/ a final paper of ~70 pages due at the end of the semester. We often would not get the info needed for them until the day they were due. Lots of group work & peer reviews, but no exams or quizzes.
He's a nice guy, but despite doing the work for the problem sets I would get low scores. No rubric. Nothing. Some people have other responsibilities and cant produce a PhD level problem set that goes above and beyond but that doesn't mean I should get a lower than average score compared to others. Class is ALOT of work for problem sets also.
He really likes in class participation, and you will sit in awkward silence until someone answers his question and if they get it wrong he will keep calling on people until someone gets it right. He is a super picky grader. He is looking for specific things on your test and if those things aren't there good luck. I wouldn't take him again.
Took this freshman year after coming from a TERRIBLE STEM high school with no AP classes, and compared to other kids, I really struggled. Matthes is fair, but he is too brilliant, (I think he'd be a lot better in 3000+ classes), so it's difficult to understand him if you don't already know the material decently. Just study his lectures a ton
His tests were very difficult, his questions require you to have a very deep understanding of the subject. His lecture is interesting. He is very nice, but it seems like he selects certain groups to grade harder than others. Just pray you aren't in that group because this introductory class will become a hell on earth.
Harder of the few professors who teach 4004, but in the end glad I took his class. He expects you to read 100 textbook pages every 2 weeks, but after a few weeks nobody was really reading any more. Somehow test scores didn't suffer that dramatically. If you have the time, take Matthes for 4004. If you don't have the time, you'll always feel behind.
Dr. Matthes is extremely passionate about biology. He has extremely high expectations for his students. His portions of the test are on very specific details from class. Make sure you are familiar with the drawings that you do in class. His take home exams will take several hours (all day) so give yourself time to complete them!
Matthes is really into biology. When he "lectures," he does a really good job explaining everything, although it can be boring. His tests are hard, and you'll have to read everything, do the optional practice, and pay attention to do well. The tests aren't worth nearly as much as projects, so it's hard to fail. This class WILL teach you biology.
Prof. Matthes is very dedicated and his passion for biology shows. His sections of the course can often be difficult, but conquering them can feel quite rewarding. He is a very intelligent and enjoyable professor.
One of the best professors I have ever had. He shows real respect and concern for his students. He guaranteed we could sell our clickers to SBS. He also clearly LOVES cell biology, which makes the class much easier. Problem sets and clicker questions help to learn the material. He is disorganized though, so pray you get a great TA.
She does talk down to the class a lot, it feet like we were elementary schoolers and didn't feel great. Asking questions didn't help much, she mostly just said to review the materials we already had. Her actual lectures themselves were really great though. Beware of the take home exams, they're NOT easy.
I took BIOL 1003 with Dr. Furniss and Dr. Hammarlund. Attendance required, there are graded in-class assignments every day. A lot of busy work outside of class. As much as this was kind of annoying, it did help me understand the material better and it was clear they wanted to increase student knowledge. Class lectures were interesting and relevant.
Dean is not the best professor, his lectures are very detailed, boring & long. Everything on the test is from his lectures tho so sitting thru them is mandatory. Reading the textbook is useless don't waste your time on it. He lies about curves the grade you get is what you get. If you watch and take notes on the pdf of lectures, you will do decent
Science isn't my best subject, but he made it enjoyable with his occasional banter. It's clear he cares about his students because he would reassure us abt grading on exams and also clued us in on the fact that the questions on the weekly quizzes are from the same question bank the exam questions are drawn from. As long as u pay attn, you'll be ok.
Professor Dean is a very funny and charismatic guy, making pretty good jokes and remarks. He also cares for his students. On the lecture side, however, his teaching is very cursory and if you want to do well in the class, you will need to read the book. Much of the midterm content was either glossed over in lectures or not covered. Class is curved.
His slideshows can be an overwhelming amount of information, especially to take in early in the morning. But his tests are definitely taken directly from them. This class is much more CONCEPTUAL than vocab memorization. I found the most helpful thing was to do the textbook multiple choice problems and really study his slides.
Had him for BIOL 1009. Lectures are very vague with an ordinate focus on comedy. Quizzes are difficult: 3 questions, so getting one wrong is an automatic D. Funny, but ultimately unhelpful. Exams are hard with a D average.
This class had two lectures, and he covered the first half of the semester. My grades and understanding of material struggled while he was professor in this class. Tests were very difficult, and I do not feel that his lectures helped much to prepare for the tests. He was an entertaining and fun, but (unfortunately) those things do not boost my GPA.
Dr. Dean is really funny. His shirts are really funny. His lectures, though packed with confusing information, are really funny. This being said, this class is HARD. You must stay on top of readings and lectures. There are no given study guides, and I would recommend quizzing yourself periodically. Good luck, but enjoy.
his jokes are awful. Always talks about failing students and asking if you failed the pop quiz and getting excited. It's like beating a dead horse, joking or not it gets annoying, does it all semester. The pop quizes are based on the book 100% Could pass this class with the book alone cause you don't learn much in lecture
He is from England so the accent was cool. He makes a lot of lame jokes, but they made the class more bearable. Also, he wears shirts to almost every class with different funny sayings on them. He likes to talk about failing students a lot, though.
Fun guy if you like dry humor, but lectures are boring unless you are really interested in the stuff. Textbook is a great resource. I got more out of the textbook than the lectures.
In general, you have to go to lecture and read the textbook. He has pop quizzes in lecture and he posts his slides online but the majority of the slides are just pictures with no explanation. He tried to tell a lot of jokes during lecture to make it more interesting but sometimes it was just awkward.
Very tough class. I found Dean's Biol 1009 to be more difficult than Organic Chemistry at the U of M.
This is a difficult class, and you HAVE to read the textbook to do well. Professor Dean makes the concepts seem more difficult than they actually are in my opinion. But it helps a lot to read the book before going to lecture. He's a funny guy, and even put a decent curve on the class at the end of the semester, even though he said he wouldn't.
Professor Dean always made lectures worth coming to. He wasn't very helpful with studying for tests, though. I went to class, read the book, did my labs, and I still didn't know what I was doing wrong. Overall, I really expected the difficulty lecture. I think my general incompetence in class made me dislike him a bit more than I should have.
Not that good of a teacher. Lots of lewd comments and tries to make jokes that arent funny. Doesnt seem to care about helping his students. Very tough course...just read the book cover to cover.
No Comments
Coming into this class, you need to ready to do a lot of work independently. His lectures and slides in-class are helpful but alone are not enough for success; you will need to thoroughly read the textbook and take notes a lot. Be aware that there is also mandatory group work and that exams are extremely similar to what is said in the textbook!
Overall nice guy. I don't think he actually knows what he's teaching because he just reads off a powerpoint the entire time. The lectures are extremely dry and boring. People just show up because there are graded clicker questions. The exams are extremely specific and require a lot of memorization. Gave a heavy curve since everyone was failing.
Murray was an interesting guy. He is the last person you'd expect to have a PhD. He was energetic about the topics which helped but a lot of learning was out of a course packet and relied little on lecture. He also randomly liked to get political often which was definitely unexpected for a physiology class. It was easy tho, so a good Lib Ed option.
The word load is very light, I can't remember ever having homework besides one group project. However, the class was tough because Murray was extremely disorganized. He would quiz on very specific concepts that he would only touch on in class, and wouldn't on things he spent hours explaining. I got a good grade by the grace of fate.
Murray was an okay prof for this course. It was his first time teaching this course here, so he originally made the tests way harder than need be for this level class. I liked the things we learned, yet the in class activity book, I hated. It's a group setting and you're with the same people the whole time, so make sure you sit next to good people.
You really only need to show up to class to find out what part of the textbook to read, otherwise the class is some humors/angering preaching/philosophizing form Jensen. The packets are about $6 and there's two of them. They're basically busy work. I'll give him this though: he's always willing to answer your questions.
Very knowledgeable, but he does not remain objective. Much of the class seemed to be more about him trying to pass his skewed political agenda to the students. There was a little too much of him trying to push the class into the misguided far left way of thinking. However, if you happen to have an A+P question, he'll have a good answer.
Lab is super easy. Tests are kinda hard so study hard. Quizzes and homework every week are easy points. There are group learning packets that we fill out each class. It's the style Murray believes in but personally I wasn't a fan. Cool subject and Murray's lectures are at least interesting.. Just be ready for some busy work and don't buy the text
Very nice set up on moodle with extremely helpful no point quizzes and very helpful mini lectures
Easy class if you actually do all the works. Tests are pretty easy if you spend time studying.
Murray is really fun and is totally a great guy with good stories. However, the direct lecture to test ratio isn't so great. The homework doesn't even go into detail as much as the test. The TAs do the most work and are the most helpful of anyone.
I would not consider this to be an introductory level anatomy class. It can be very in depth at times. Murray can be ADHD most times. Weekly quizzes and difficult exams. Group assignments are difficult without being taught the information. You end up sitting there waiting to see if he will teach the material or not. Sometimes yes, other times not.
Interesting class. Murray keeps you interested in the topic, he is opinionated especially for a biology professor and notes are sometimes hard to follow, but material isn't too difficult. The first half of the lab is somewhat difficult, but second part is much better.
I found Murray to be very annoying as a professor - he does way to many little, pointless projects. I felt like I was in high school all over again, doing all this busy work that definitely will not benefit me later in life. However, he made things understandable and going to lecture helped. It was an easy class, as long as you read the book.
I had Murray last year and he is an amazing professor! He's HALARIOUS and is very fair on everything. I would definitely recommend him.
She is willing to help if you are willing to do your work. no late assignments, no extra credit. make sure you dont miss one class or you'll come back lost. I came out of her class more confident on my writing skills i learned alot from her class
Tom Clayton is adorable. Funniest old man prof I've had. Loved the class, but the grading system seems unfair. the daily quizzes and a large portion of the test are based on character name identification, names are NOT easy to remember. To get a C/D go to every class, read everything at least 3 times. But still, incredibly informative and fun
Fantastic teacher. I had NO interest in the subject but he was so involved and passionate about the material that I actually really enjoyed the class and was able to do well!
Professor Clayton is obviously knowledgeable of Shakespeare. However, his grading scale is ridiculous. Without even looking at students' papers he lowers the grades because he believes a's are nearly unattainable. Daily quizzes are fairly easy. Quote sections of tests are difficult! Beside the tough grading he was a great professor.
He expects perfection and demands nothing less. I attended college for 5 years and found only one other professor like him. Hard, can recite his book, daily quizzes, and holds students to a standard they should be held too. His class is not for the faint of heart but earning anything over a "C" is well deserved. If I was a grad. student I would dem
Nice Guy. went off on tangents so it was difficult if not impossible to take good notes. Daily quizzes require extremely specific responses. The readings are the best, and probably only, learning sources for this class. very critical of writing but not many opportunities for improvement based on his comments.
He really knows his stuff. He does daily quote identification quizzes from the assigned reading. If you read, though, you'll be fine. He demands respect, so you really shouldn't read anything in the lecture or talk to anybody.
Prof Clayton was the most challenging prof I have ever had in my 3 and a half years of college. It's sad that my writing was as weak as it was when I entered his class this fall but at the end of the semester I feel I have improved by leaps and bounds.
Passionate about his subject, but personally I did not like his teaching style or the class structure. That being said, he's an easy grader and the class is fairly straightforward. However, keep track of your grade yourself because he gives no grade updates and refuses to give an update even if you ask.
He is hilarious, so enthusiastic, and kept information very relevant and interesting. As long as he can tell you put in thoughtful work, he's a pretty easy grader. He's also soft on deadlines. Highly recommended.
Uh, Uh, Uh...You hear that a lot in his class...Class is pretty boring and he is a hard grader, not really on final papers cause you can always do rewrites, but very tough on rough drafts grades, etc...Whole semester was focused on writing on one topic (music) too
His lectures and test questions seemed to focus on irrelevant details sometimes, when there were far more interesting things going on in the books we read. He tended to limit discussion and plow ahead with his own thoughts. A little on the arrogant side, but could also be funny and engaging occasionally. Kind of an average professor.
DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU DONT LIKE TO READ. It is a very good class just demanding. I used to like reading before this class, now I find myself forcing myself to read. When I do read for this class I don't understand what exactly is going on in the books half of the time. That and the analytical process and explaining is difficult.
My favorite class so far. Absolutely love the lecture and the books we read. I thought the class was easy as long as you keep up with the heavy reading load and attend the discussion. Engaging lecturer, wish he wasn't taking time off to promote his new books. His young age was also a plus in terms of relating to students.
I had Genevieve for my senior seminar this year. She is a fascinating person, however I think her teaching methods could use some improving. She likes to debate a lot and basically has an "I'm right, you're wrong" attitude. Her lectures are pretty unorganized and I really had no idea about what was expected homework-wise.
Rabinowitz is the most brilliant professor I have ever had. Her critiques on papers are very thorough and helpful. She works well with you outside of class if you approach her. She is very engaging and the class was very enjoyable.
She's blunt and sometimes raises her voice, but it's only out of excitement. She really loves what she teaches and she is so incredibly knowledgeable. She requires a LOT of reading, but if you keep up, you'll get a lot out of her class.
Paula Rabinowitz, everything aside, is a brilliant professor. She is very knowledgeable about each topic in her course. She is, however, a rather impatient woman, and she often yelled at the class and was very demeaning. I still absolutely loved the class, and she opened my eyes to a lot of things. I would consider taking another course from her.
One of the best professors I've ever had.
She has a very blunt New York way of talking. It strikes many as rude and offensive (maybe it is). She will ask odd questions and get upset when nobody answers fast enough. She has verbal mannerisms that can through you off. Still, she knows modern American Literature and you can learn from her if your skin is thick.
This is not a class you can slack off in, but if you're really interested in improving in writing this is the course for you. She is very dedicated to the art of writing. She is hard on those that don't participate or put an effort into their assignments.
Secret Agendas!!!
He's a really good professor, has a great personality!
Pretty easy going, didn't grade too tough. I got A's on all my papers without a significant amount of work or good attendance. Lots of tedious homework and made us watch some movies which was kind of annoying. Not bad overall though.
Unholy boring. Easy A. 3/4 of the time the class ends early.
Warning: You be bored to death if you actually know anything about the English language. Class was absolutely useless and a waste of time.
If you want a SUPER lenient and nice teacher...he's your guy...but beware, it's sometimes a little too easy!
Yes, his lectures are pretty boring. But he is a great guy, a smart guy, and I'd take anything he taught again. I saw a whole new side to dry novels in this class
i feel my interest in literature wavering. damon was less than inspiring, and, as you can tell from my uber-neutral rating, she left me rather indifferent.
Has extensive knowledge of the subject material. Any questions you have, she can answer.
Joe is a very well-intended professor; however, he is also the most quintessential geezer I have ever met. The vast majority of his work is superfluous busy work that provides no real benefit to completing. He often struggles with technology and gets lost midway through his thoughts as he walks the class through their assignments.
It's not very clear what's going on in class. Everyone including Joe is behind a computer and he talks and points things out but doesn't always make it clear what to be working on. The whole class feels unstructured. However, he's patient and helpful and by the end of the semester I did feel that I'd grown a lot in my writing skills
Joe was a decent professor. I had him for online 3562W. It is true that his feedback is little to none, but he was an easy grader. I ended with an A so I'm not complaining. But, if you want both a good grade and some feedback on your work I would suggest somebody else. He was somewhat unclear, but he does have a nice calendar to help stay on track.
I took this class I hardly ever went to class. I did extremely well in this class without attending an unravel section. I didn't learn anything at all. I was taught all the same information in junior high. I hated all the topics he would assign. He is very nice and helpful and you can turn in previous papers with corrections to get a higher grade.
very hard professor doesn't let you use Wikipedia as a source and also requires you attend an unravel session.
he grades really hard, but in the end if you revise what he tells you to and put the work in, its really easy to get an A in his class.
At first very frustrating and a hard grader. If you go to office hours and ask questions your grade will go up. At first I hated him but looking back he improved my writing more than most teachers could have.
He is confusing, not fun, very dry, and grades very hard. On the other hand, he will improve your writing ten-fold, unlike most of the other english writing classes.
This professor will give you loads of advice on writing if you go to his office hours. In class he is confusing and his grading of paper is very subjective.
His assignments were often times confusing and the syllabus was never really correct. You have to go by the deadlines he gives in class. If you have questions don't be afraid to go to his office hours, he is more than willing to help his students out.
Changes deadlines, assignments, makes the class confusing. He's a good person, and his assignments aren't very hard, however, he doesn't grade very well. Grading criteria isn't clear for the papers he assigns. You have to make sure with him - even if it means staying after class.
This was easily the best class I've had in college (I'm a senior). But it was also the hardest course I've had in terms of workload. I agree with the commenter who said the class should be 8 credits. BUT, Prof. Wright is a force. He is brilliant, knows his material and is a wonderful lecturer. He'll make you work, but it's worth it.
Not the easiest course, but I am glad I took it and I liked Prof. Wright. He's a little intimidating, very passionate, fairly eccentric. I can't speak much to his approachability. I'm willing to guess he appreciates students who approach him, but frankly the one time I did outside of class I was a bit intimidated, but it's not because he's mean.
This is a difficult class. That being said, if you do the readings and come to class it will be MUCH easier. He is only sort of helpful during office hours. I wrote all my papers to cater to him. The book weights 1000 pounds if that gives you any idea what you are in for. All things aside he is very smart and has interesting perspectives.
should be an 8 credit class, he has unreasonable expectations, never quite gives you what you ask for, and is not able to transfer the wealth of his knowledge in simple terms.
While he was friendly and intelligent, in my Shakespeare class pretty much all we did was read passages aloud/summarize. Maybe because it was his last semester teaching, but class usually felt pointless. Fair grader.
Listens to her students, lots of helpful feedback, and creative approaches to teaching. Works students hard, but you get alot out of it. Thanks!
Dr. Elfenbein is a gem of the English department. His lectures were witty and full of good conversation between students, himself, and the TA, Ben Utter, who was phenomenal. It was a very pleasant semester and the class seems more difficult in the beginning than it really is. Work hard on the seven homework assignments and you'll be fine. Take!
He's no doubt an interesting lecturer who is well informed on his subject. However, he focuses way too much history and not enough on literature, at least in the class I am taking. This makes most lecture material terribly boring, even for amazing works like The Importance of Being Earnest.
If you like a challenge and a lot of work outside the class, then please take this professor. Dr. Haley is very knowledgeable, but he often rambled on. It was so boring, I dreaded coming to class. He grades very tough and is extremely picky, but take all his revisions into account and you may do better. Good luck!
Classes seem more like lectures than seminars, but professor Haley is extremely knowledgeable and creates worthwhile assignments that truly help you understand the course material. He has very high expectations in writing quality, and will give you extensive feedback, helping you to improve.
This professor made me fall in love with Shakespeare and inspired me to develop my interest in it outside of academic settings. Learned more from him than in my three years as English undergrad.
He's nice in that he's willing to help out. However, his lectures are Extremely politicized. He will rant his liberal agendas/feminist theories for an hour, and we never got enough time to read the actual text. again he can be helpful if you look for him after class, but lectures are often off tangent. Personally, I would avoid.
Professor Bush is a very intelligent guy. He is a bit pretentious, but it doesn't get in the way of his teaching too much. His grading is semi difficult for a freshman writing class. Class time consists of discussing different articles that you read for class. He has very interesting takes on the articles. My writing skills did not improve though.
Watch out for the Web Vista Assignments(20% of your grade) there's only 2-3 per semester, so if you miss one you might be screwed.
He's very opinionated, but willing to listen. His classes aren't "easy-A" classes, but they're definitely manageable if you work hard.
Good teacher. The unresponsiveness of students is to blame for boring classes, not him.
His first words to our class were "This will be the hardest class you have ever taken at the U". That was a nice welcome. Freshman writing was supposed to be an easy A, but this class wasn't. If you try hard, you will do ok.
I honestly believe he's a down-to-earth, cool teacher, its just that his opinion matters more than the student. Don't get me wrong, he'll listen to what you have to say, but other than that he sticks to his own words.
Most influential teacher I've ever had. Destroyed the way I thought about literature/writing and rebuilt it. Difficult to please, but it's possible. Very passionate. I wouldn't have taken this class from anyone else.
These negative readings are misleading. Depending on your open-mindedness on somewhat touchy subjects, you may or may not enjoy this class. Professor Bush has many interesting thoughts on many different subjects, and in my opinion that is quite refreshing. I truly enjoyed this class. It helps to be open-minded when doing his assigned readings.
I've never been more insulted by a professor than I was by some of her criticisms on our papers.
No Comments
She doesn't follow her syllabus very well, but grades very easy none the less.
She TAed in a linguistics class as the "Writing Helper," so she wasn't a linguist-in-training by any means. At any rate: reasonably helpful and clear, but her voice takes on a tone of condescension when she speaks. Not sure if this is intentional or not. Knows her grammar rules, though I disagree with her stylistically on the use of the em dash.
She's a nice enough teacher, but grades kind of weird. I didn't do as well as I hoped on my last paper and went to talk to her and I still don't know why I didn't do well. She definitely helps when you ask for it though and edits papers before they're due if you email them to her and everything. Her lectures are useless!
Amy provides a lot of valuable information in her class but I would not take her again. She treats her class as the only one a student has and is far to up tight in her grading style. I did not care for the lack of variety in assignments and the narrow scope of criticism allowed to inquire upon either.
I like Amanda personally. I'm still in the middle of a class w/ her and I find that she is open to discussion. She grades according to how the class is doing on a whole, which you may or may not like. I wish the lectures were more insightful, but it's more about you coming up with your own interpretation and supporting it via the text.
Terrible teacher. An A is a basically for sure. Take this class for Lib ed requirements, and a GPA boost. The topics, were actually interesting. The books were fascinating; I actually liked them. Lectures were boring (ideal study hall time). Gives test questions ahead of time.
She is a very good speaker and also very passionate about what she teaches! I enjoyed attending her lectures!
No Comments
This teacher is rude. If he doesn't like what you say in class he will make fun of you for it. This doesn't mesh well in a class that is based on discussion.
No Comments
Class was easy but she rarely added her own opinions in discussion which caused people to rant about random topics. Otherwise not hard and not much to learn.
Overall, I find Kris to be a very dry and monotone professor.She does not communicate well with her students and has a hard time masking facial expressions. She comes off rude.If literature is not your thing, I would suggest another professor who is willing to help you understand the subject and is willing to make class somewhat interesting.
Kris is a great professor and if you read the books her class in enjoyable. In reference to the papers, make sure you spend a lot of time on them and do not rush through them. She refers to them as "journals" but treat them like papers.
So hot sometimes in class it was I could barely breathe. He said he was from a snowy land a long distance from here. You could see him mostly through the snow but not all the time. When he came to class, he taught your ass. When he did not, you went untaught. I would take him again. And again.
Unfortunately for me, Joe was not the best. At SDSU I took ENGL 379, technical communications, and he was more focused on design than business writing and stressed us to use programs to increase design elements. For me, I want to be a better writer and I expect that from an ENGLISH class, but instead I got a guy more worried about graphics & vague.
To be honest, I don't understand the horrible reviews. Yes you write a lot, but you are taking a writing course. She gives really good feedback and wants to help you. Sometimes her expectations are a little vague, but you learn what to expect. I thought she was great.
The one major fault with Dr. Blake's teaching is that she can be unclear during class about what exactly she wants. Going to office hours eliminates all of this confusion. That said, if you are a good writer you will do well. She does not grade harshly at all, and although there is a lot of busy work, the essays are easy in this class.
Although the topic of the class wasn't very interesting and she was sometimes confusing, her feedback and suggestions were really helpful in my writing. She is also a very nice person and has a strong interest on the topic
He was a nice guy. Class assignments were confusing, we didnt learn much in class, and it took him way to long to respond to emails or assignments. On the upside the grades were fair in the end. He was open to suggestions.
I'm glad I got to take this class with Mr. B. He is very laid back, understanding, and approachable. Papers are graded pretty fairly, and he always made class interesting.
very nice and helpful, understandable. all works are expected to be done by the deadline!
This teacher is certainly nice, but the class is incredibly boring. He spends most of his time talking about his day job instead of teaching. Very hard grader and he takes forever to return papers. Seriously, its almost the end of the semester and I've gotten only 1 out of 6 papers returned.
Dr. Laura is a good professor. I learned a lot from this class. I would say that at times it is difficult to understand what exactly she is looking for within discussion posts and papers written in the course. Be ready to read. Every paper you write in the course will have to reflect deeply on the readings done. Overall, good prof.
Dr. Zebuhr is a great professor for English! I took for a general and we had only three papers the whole semester and each time you get a chance to revise it for a better grade.
This was a non-fic writing course so it was obviously paper heavy. The class was interesting and improved my writing skills. A little slow on feedback but not a deal breaker. Communicate with her if you have any issues and she's very accommodating. Don't miss the weekly assignments or you'll lose a lot of points. Overall a good class.
Mimi is a good teacher. I do agree her grading can be a bit nitpicky, but don't let that keep you from taking her class(since the class is writing intensive you get to rewrite a paper). I do also agree with the aforementioned tip to show up and say something for most classes otherwise your participation grade will suffer.
She says um way too much, really boring lectures. She is pretty helpful though
I wasn't a big fan of any of the 5 books we read during the semester but they could have been worse. Joe is a cool guy and very smart but lectures dragged by for me. The discussion sections were fun because we actually contributed to discussions and the TA's are great. Also, props to Joe for knowing a majority of peoples names in a class of 150.
Best Professor at the U. I typically hate literature classes, but he actually made it enjoyable. He is also "suuuuuuper interesting."
Seems to know his stuff and love Shakespeare, but isn't very good at communicating that to the class. (Or at reading Shakespeare's words...hurt my ears!) I came close to falling asleep every single day. He doesn't grade the papers himself, and the graders he uses are tough! That being said, still a pretty easy course.
Joe was pretty funny, but the class was never very interesting from lack of class participation. I think he mentioned he was used to teaching MUCH smaller classes. Anyhow, the class was laughably easy - you can pretty much just read the assigned readings and write 3 three-paged essays and you have yourself an A. Take it if you want something easy.
Joe is a really great teacher who obviously knows what he's talking about. However, don't take this class if you learn more from testing and memorization because you don't do either in the class. You just read the assigned writing and he lectures on it.
He is a good teacher. Somewhat leftist, but at the same time isn't in your face about it. If you try hard and show up to class, he'll make you a better writer and give you a good grade.
Ed is the best guy ever. He is the easiest grader when it comes to papers and lets things like moodle postings slide if you aren't able to do them. He is a down to earth guy who wants to get to know you personally and he tries to make class interesting. Love him!
Dr. Joe is a memorable professor. He was very personal and tried hard to relate to the class. Good: Simple but informative HW. HW due only on Fridays. Openly swore. Was funny most of the time. Understanding. Bad: Too political. Expected students to have a plan for class most days. Wasn't always right but talked like he always was.
I gave him a high hotness level because in class he complained about not having any chili peppers. Extra credit if you're not a bum.
Joe was a professor who tried to be different. He tried to bring politics and personal business into the classroom & it kinda just made the class a bit awkward honestly. Class was super easy but grading criteria wasn't clear for pretty much everything. At least now I know how to write a proper email.
To say the least, Stephen's lectures are very boring and typically consist of him just talking to himself about topics that not many of the students care about. He also grades fairly tough compared to the other teachers of this course. All in all, I would try to find a different teacher for this course.
He's a cool guy to have conversation with. His class discussions are really thought-provoking. He is a cute hipster.
He was a little off topic on the lectures and the direction of the class was murky at times. But overall it was a pretty cool class and since you have to take it I'd recommend him.
The power points are long and she uses up the whole lecture time. For mid-term and exam, she give questions out and only selective of the questions are on the test. There are also two essays. All tests were done during lecture. Pay attention and don't skip lectures.
Great sense of humor, makes it fun to go to class. Great feedback on papers / homework. Not a hard class, but not easy.
She's cool
I would not recommend Justin to anyone. His teaching and conference are helpful but too difficult to get high grades. Homework is heavy, too many papers.
Good lecture with interesting subject matter. I recommend.
Andrew taught the freshman writing course I took a few year back. The class was very engaging. Yes, his class was a mandatory morning class with a fair amount of reading to do, but I truly value his lessons and my classroom experience to this day. He taught me how to write better and to think deeper, which ultimately got me through college.
I genuinely hate English a ton, and always have. I came into this class thinking it was going to suck but Laura made it bearable. We read a comic book and listened to a podcast. It didn't feel like a literature class but it was still something I dreaded. I feel like it was meant for someone like me who hates English, but still it wasn't great.
She doesn't make you write very many papers, but she certainly has good ideas and usually presents engaging material.
Sally is not your average professor. She loves open-ended assignments, is all over the place in terms of grading and what she is doing, and isn't really organized at all. This isn't an easy A freshman writing class, but you do get a lot out of it. Only take it if you don't mind working a little harder to learn more.
It was an interesting class but be prepared to work for your grade.
I still don't know what exactly what's my grade for the class. It is only the end of the year. Ha ha ahhhh grrrrrr
Probably the hardest class in my first semester. Very washy on her grading (she prefers the sticker method.) At the same time she makes you think and doesn't tolerate a cookie cutter assignment. If you're in for easy, don't take sally. If you want to challenge yourself at the end of the semester, take sally.
I think her grades was not clear. She is a nice teacher, but she is not nice on grade. If you want a good GPA, do not take her class.
