Hes okay but I find lecture to be mostly worthless. He makes it fun and half the class really enjoys it and jokes around with him the whole time. But he often puts up code that is pages long and expects you to know what its doing after 3 seconds when no one does. His tests are very hard. His last test (not the final) the average was 17/50.
Very unclear and expects you to know everything before you come to class. All what you do in class is "talk to each other".
Course mostly oriented to CS outsiders, not challenging for CS majors.
Lectures don't help too much on the lab assignments. TA help is a big deal for this course. Exams aren't bad as you can use a note sheet to help you get by
No rubrics for exams or homework. Often condescending toward students. Knowledgeable about parallel computing, but poor at explaining. Very hard to follow. Assumes knowledge well in advance of what's stated in syllabus/course description. Exams may be curved, and a practice exam is posted ahead of time, which is why this review is a 2 and not a 1.
Both the lectures and textbook aren't very good. The lectures feel unprepared and as a result, its tough to find the main points. A lot of people skipped lectures so I don't think I was the only one to find them useless. The assignments are pretty ambiguous but they expect specific answers. The projects are long but alright. Exams are rough.
He knows the knowledge very well. But NOT good at instructing others. Unable to find the keypoints and logic in his lecture.
George himself was o.k. although lecture usefulness is debatable. Class is excessively difficult for an undergrad class, and a very dismissive attitude is taken when students struggle with material or approach him with suggestions/complaints. He needs to do a better job of managing or selecting TAs: ours had an ego problem. Avoid if you can.
George is used to teaching grad level students. He is dismissive if a student has trouble understanding material and blames it on a lack of effort. His slight accent is easily understandable. You are graded on things that aren't asked of you in the assignments, so make sure you go above and beyond.
This professor teaches decently, is understandable, and is generally a nice person. However, The assignments are vague, resulting in low scores. He does not help when there are questions, claiming the assignment is clear. The tests are intentionally very difficult. He teaches different, more difficult, topics than others that teach this course.
Professor doesnt go in depth in lecture, but expects you to know high level java for completion of the homework assignments. The labs are once again just skimming the surface, and the homework (worth 40% of your grade), is very high level, and unorganized. Tests are OK, they are a good representation of the practice exams.
Seems like a smart guy, but not great teaching skills. I agree with most of the other posts. I found the class easy so I cannot say much about his helpfulness.
He mostly does not prepare and let things flow by moving from a side story to another and for who does not know what he is talking about, that might sound interesting. and I agree with the posts on his attitude.
Honestly the lectures just need to be improved a lot. 75 minutes of reading from slides is not a pleasant experience. The lectures should have better examples for the types of problems found on homework and exams.
If you do ALL the practice problems in the readings, spend time understanding the assigned homework and start your labs early enough, you will do above average. If you put in the time, the curve is on your side. Lecture is not necessary. Discussion steers you in the right direction for tests. Hard class but you'll excel if you have discipline.
Lectures- straight from the textbook and copied from other profs. Heavy accent, difficult to understand what he's saying. Don't really need to attend Labs- seem tough at first, really aren't that bad. Lots of help online Tests- average in the 50-60% range. Material unlike what's in class for some Could be worse, but not great
Lectures are straight from the textbook. Intentionally comes up with exam problems that have never been covered either in class or in the textbook. Avoid if possible. Seriously, what is the point of a test if it tests something that was never covered...
Mats begins every single lecture with, "Where were we last time?" This is a microcosm into his mind. He shoots from the hip in a way that made me a bit uncomfortable. Funny, but unfocused. Sometimes insulting when asking students to shout out answers. Very honest about the messiness and difficulty of computer science.
This guy is a stand-up comedian! Is a master of talking forever without really teaching anything!! His TAs have no clue what he's teaching in class, while he has no clue what his TAs are doing. Very lazy to respond to forum posts as well. Overall, a very boring Professor. Register for his class if you don't want any appreciable work load.
Poor lecturer. He sometimes fails to finish his lecture before time runs out, but those missing materials appear in exams. He give extra credits for attendance.
Class was meh. He's really not the best at explaining things, but you can sometimes make up for it by reading. His TAs really sucked my semester, so grading issues took forever to resolve. Probably the worst CSci class i've taken, but it's not impossible. Take it with another professor if possible.
Expect to learn primarily from the textbook with this class. Extra credit was given for attending lectures. The lectures were incredibly boring with professor He seeming unprepared at times. His accent can be incredibly difficult to understand. The TA's were mostly useless. Avoid this professor if you can.
God alone understand what he says and there is no relevance between his teaching and his HWs
Dr. Banerjee is knowledgeable about the subject and provides interesting lectures. However, there is no organization or detail in his notes. Tests are poorly-written and vary considerably in style. The assignments are time-consuming and don't help much with the tests. He isn't mean at all, but the course was a headache.
Lot of enthusiasm and passion for the subject. Very resourceful, answers any question, happy to help. Great guy, terrible teacher. Omits a lot of basic things, important definitions and thus the context is lost sometimes. Uses the board as scribble pad with no order. Switches b/n notations. Huge HWs. Overall, the course is a pain but rewarding.
(Note: Baylor left UMN after 2014.) Baylor does care about your learning, which you can see in the fact that he devotes far more time to helping students outside of class than any other professor. But that doesn't make up for the fact that his lectures and general course organization are completely inept. He does give easy A's, though.
Baylor is likable, and also incredibly responsive to e-mail and forum queries. But this class was a hot mess. Lectures were more like riffs than lessons. The textbook was literally never mentioned. We fell so far behind that both a major assignment and an exam were canceled. Baylor is your best shot an at easy A, but you may also learn a lot less.
Main focus is for you to learn the material. The assignments he gives are either way to hard and time consuming or too easy.
You'll see lots of praise for Baylor due to his constant talk of video games, but I'm on the other side. The class was disorganised up the very last day -- weights for tests/homework were unknown, entire projects cancelled. A 3-hour homework was given the same weight as the final project (40 hrs +)! He was a nice guy, but did not plan well at all.
I regret so much for taking AI with him. He made the class a Game programming class rather than starting with AI basics as it was supposed to be. Funny guy but way to fast. Grading was easy but his assignments are hopeless and silly. Nothing concrete. HWs are boring and weird. Not a good instructor. A lot of writing in his class. he is real funny.
Actual content isn't very hard, especially if you have some CSCI knowledge. Unfortunately, Jensen likes to test on things he has said rather than ideas, so you should attend. Homeworks were OK but chronically underspecified - ask the Grad TAs or pay the price. Overall, not a terrible class but Jensen is a jerk.
The overall course goals seemed useful but a huge part of your grade relies on assignments that you can't ask any questions about. The grading criteria/instructions for these were vague at best. The quizzes will go well if you do the exercises which were not as hard and you could ask questions about.
Lecture for this class was not very helpful... The most important part was just doing the readings and exercises. He does not post lecture notes online/have them electronically at all. Also, my biggest complaint is sometimes in class when students asked questions he'd be really mean when he answered (pretentious). The weekly quizzes can be hard
This class is very difficult to pass if you have little to know experience with coding. Some people in this class are not even majoring in computer science but he makes the class very hard and we are expected to be perfect. Jensen does not believe in a curved class. This explains why 30% of the class used their W to withdraw from it.
I cried every day because of this class. The homework is insanely hard and was not rewarding for me. You need to pay attention in class, sit in the front because he favors the people in the front. I hated his teaching style, he was very condescending "this is easy" "it couldn't be simpler" got old real fast. If you don't get it, you never will.
I'm going to have to dissent here: I think that Professor Jensen is condescending at best. His lecture style is reminiscent of a high school teacher. He may be OK if you are a freshman, but as an older student I found his lectures slow and fairly light on content. On a positive note, his review sheets for tests are accurate: study that and ace it.
He's a pretty good professor, and his lectures are clear, which made the labs valuable. However, be aware that when he says he doesn't curve, he doesn't curve. I got 93.96 in his class, and because 94 is an A, I got an A-. He could have been clearer on the homework assignments, to warn us about possible mistakes we couldn't have known about.
Lectures are pretty much useless, but he is there is help if you go to office hours. Ended up skipping every class, still the easiest A out of any class I've taken so far. Tests are extremely straightforward, right from the textbook, and the class is extremely slow paced. Highly recommend.
The lectures are only on the theoretical part of graphics, while the homework is on actually programming with OpenGL, leaving the student to learn OpenGL on their own. Then then midterm is on the theory stuff that you learned once but never practiced on homework. Wanted to learn how to actually program with graphics - learned nothing from class.
Lectures are dry, from book slides, and very fast. Homework assignments are hard and sometimes not covered well in readings and lecture. Midterm are hard and heavily curved with averages about 30%. Lab assignments are difficult and come from the book. If you don't understand something Kyle will explain it to you well 1-on-1 or in office hours.
Awesome Professor, Though there is only 3 categories (Helpfulness, Clarity, and Easiness) He excels in many other categories such as being loose with test scores and assignments. He also assigns specific homework assignments that seem very personal, they are very easy but don't really help. The only bad thing is he doesn't prepare you for tests.
If you've taken a computer science class before, do not feel compelled to take 1133. While Haiyi explains everything fine, she has no gauge on lecture interest. Most of the class is messing around during lecture on a laptop and/or cell phone. Labs are not hard and have helpful TA's. Google forms are used for attendance and r only reason to show up.
you need to be a genius, else you wont be able to do anything in class. even if you ask him he will give you 4D chess advice which wont help you at all. but then if youre a genius you wont need to attend the class. all in all, dont take the class unless youre a genius or youre a retard that dont care bout your grades
I would strongly recommend AVOIDING taking a class with David Husom. He tends to ramble quite a bit, doesn't stick to the course material during lectures, and does a poor job at answering questions.
Took UC 3201 with David Husom and you really work for your grade. You have one quiz the entire semester and the bulk of your grade is basically based off the website you design. David gives you the "Textbook" (course notes) via Google Drive folder for free. You don't have to go to class if you follow the course notes every week and submit the work.
Class wasn't that hard but I also didn't get much out of it. He spent the first half of the semester introducing material and the second half summarizing without really getting deep into it. Be prepared to spend time learning the material on your own to the point where I would recommend self studying or taking a different course.
Not the best lecturer--he struggled to engage the class with the method he delivered content which was just pretty much reading off of slides. The projects, which make up most of the grade, were also not really related to the content being learned in class/tested on.
Homework takes at least 6hrs a week plus 2-3hours of reading. His lectures are bad. He seems very nice and knowledgeable, but I'm not sure why he teaches b/c he has a full time day job. Intro but definitely recommend taking another CSCI class first. The midterms are mostly writing instead of reading code which makes them a lot harder.
You never know what your grade is. He never puts anything in the grade book so I don't know what I got on my first paper 3 months ago. I hate how I don't know where I stand. He puts so much emphasis on participation even though it is only 10% of your grade, but the way he talks, I think he won't even follow the syllabus's grading scale.
The guy is boring most of the times,he doesn't explain well,above all he hires a bad TAs,really mean TAs,so watch out fro this guy,avoid if possible,but i know like my case he only teaches this course(Fortran 1107) once in a year-every fall
Had Prof. Barry for Discrete Math. He is not a good teacher for the class but I don't think it would have mattered for me. He has a really monotone voice and doesn't know what he is doing most of the time. But his tests were good.
He did not seem very prepared for lectures, and he would habitually over-explain things, When we had guest lecturers he would spend about 5 minutes asking a question that could have been 10 words.
Awful teacher of the material, most of what I learned was on my own through use of the textbook. Provided slides which was helpful but I rarely gained anything from listening to him speak. Makes lots of mistakes, can't hear you when you point it out.
Tough professor. Likely more interesting if you have actually had linear algebra before, as he really goes in to too much detail. Homeworks take forever and are not easy. Avoid if possible.
Homework is very time consuming! But the exam is completely the same as the HW. HW also has great weight. So if you do them well you'll be OK. He is smart but not a good teacher. Actually using slides and board together is the worst method of teaching. He write down things on the board disorderly.
Professor Saad does seem to be a smart guy, but his homework assignments and test are pretty hard. Expect a lot of hours of work.
He's a nice guy but a poor professor. He doesn't know much about operating systems beyond what the textbook provides, and as a result he would just respond to broader questions with "I'm not sure." I've taken both 4061 and 5103 with him and honestly he's singlehandedly destroyed my interest in OS. His explanations are way too unclear and confusing.
This professor is simply awesome and the only concern was that one has to do sometimes silly, useless, codes just for coding. Other than that, the class was OK and the professor was excellent.
I have never in my life had a professor who made me feel so incredibly incompetent. The class itself is super interesting and I absolutely loved the material, but I truly have nothing nice to say about Redish. Of my three one-on-one interactions with him, he made me feel stupid in each. Take this class if you want to fuel your impostor syndrome
There's no book to reference if you're confused by lectures. All his lectures seem to be promoting his lab or his colleagues. You don't learn any clear definitions. Biggest thing: he refuses to make adjustments for disabled students even when they have a documented accommodations letter.
He's a tough professor. He's smart and his class concepts are incredibly interesting, but he's a very a harsh grader, and you'll have to work hard. He's very accessible outside of class and loves to answer questions, so if you have trouble with concepts, go talk to him. Also read his book. I loved the material, just had to work really hard.
Redish is incredibly arrogant. For one the essays, the only feedback he gave was to highlight as "great" his OWN QUOTE! I second that you're toast if you miss what he says. There are short answer quizzes after every lecture that are harshly graded. In addition, his idea of clarifying what he means is to use computer science jargon.
Memorize the lectures and you'll pass. Provides very vague feedback on essays, homework and exams. I learned a lot but this has been the most stressful class in my academic career.
Would not recommend 4021 with Mark. Smart and nice guy, but the class structure is not great. 2 programming assignments, midterm and final. Start early on projects because if you need help asking at the end of class is the only way to get it. Midterm and final questions r specific to what he says in class so take notes to what he covers in class.
Your grade is only made up of 4 things: 2 labs, midterm, and final. He doen't give clear example for labs, and what he does tell you he explains very quickly. so if you miss something you're SOL. He also takes forever to respond to emails. So when you miss something you cant even ask for help. The final had questions he said wouldnt be on it
Prof. Schrater seemed pretty checked out this semester. It sounded like he had a lot of personal stuff going on, but I still paid for a certain amount of instruction that I didn't receive. Limited feedback, disorganized lectures, and not responsive to students outside of class. 5525 is a weird class anyway, Schrater didn't help.
Professor Schrater just didnt seem up to the task of teaching this class. He seemed unprepared and did not really care about this class at all. However, what made this class even worse were his TAs who were very rude and condescending and did not offer any help. I would avoid taking 5512 with him.
He was really good at the material and clearly knew what he was talking about. Easy to approach after class or in OH. Only reason he's getting a 2 is he would keep putting down the TA during lectures and it made my kinda uncomfortable since she was the only TA and when I talked to her in her OH she was definitely putting in the work.
Professor Schater is a very nice guy and cares a lot about both his students and the course. However, many parts of the course were explained as if I already had knowledge of everything in the course. Introductory Stats is required for the course and for good reason, but I still felt as if I were missing a few previous courses in this subject.
It was a very tough class, I had to drop it. His reasoning is very "jumpy".
Chandra himself gave clear lectures, albeit sometimes lacking detail. That being said, the administrative parts of this course were terrible, and there were a lot of issues with TA-related tasks like grading, project clarity, and labs starting late or not at all. Chandra ignored or complained when students brought up these issues. Do not recommend.
So here's the deal with Professor Chandra : He's super nice, tries to be as helpful as possible if you seek him out outside of class, and his lectures make sense. Sounds amazing, but his lectures are VERY concept heavy, so you can learn something in lecture, completely understand the concept, but then take a nosedive on projects and labs.(Part 1)
A nice guy but cannot teach. Exams are biased toward a few knowledge points that he never really focused on. He chose a worse TA(Kwangsung Oh) to make him looks not that bad, who gives docs 50 points but never read it. Programming part is 50 points and if your output format is not what TA wants, you will get the same score as those team can't run.
He moves so slowly through the material that it's harder to learn. Can learn most of the material through trial and error in the lab or through googling.
It is really difficult to concentrate in his class, it's quite boring. Most people just watch the lecture recordings later at their own time. The only good thong about the course is the projects which make you learn a great deal. Also the grading criteria is not very clear
Fairly straightforward lectures. Grading can be agonizingly slow, taking 6 weeks in some cases. Also, make sure you do NOT get help outside of class (Google, past students, etc.) or he will fail you on the spot.
Dr. Lu almost exclusively reads from the slides with few code examples. I was unengaged since day 1. The tests include large true/false and matching sections, so be prepared to memorize concepts in a field that is mostly application-driven. The projects are interesting though.
Professor is great, personable and explains concepts well, but this class is a joke. I felt like I learned very little although I did well. Everything came from the textbook, and lecture did not help at all. If you want a good grade, this is good. If you want to learn, then it's not worth it.
He is a nice person, but sometimes his lectures are kind of confusing. Did not do a great job on explaining the material clearly.
His lecture slides and the textbook (which he coauthored), was useless, it would give you the general concept, but wouldn't show you how to apply any of it. Useless, but at least he is a nice guy.
Sattar's lectures offer little content, notes are some of the most anemic and inconsistent I've seen. He borrows nearly every picture and homework problem from random online resources without citation. He wastes a lot of time flexing his trips and accolades. HWs are easy but unclear. Junaed cares about teaching, but his personality gets in the way.
Hes a great guy and a good teacher, but as a professor hes also responsible for the course structure and material. I found the class to be disorganized and frustrating. I think if this had been a more test-heavy class, I wouldve rated him much higher. I would only recommend taking this class with him after hes taught it a few more times.
Great dude, well-organized class but not a bad lecturer. He bit off more than the students and staff could chew for the course project. It was clearly too large and complicated for the class. If it wasn't for me getting put in a very good group I may not have passed the class, but I guess now that it's over I do feel I've learned a lot.
The good: He is smart and explains concepts well. The bad: Requires 95% for an A and 60% of the grade comes from tests. He refuses to curve the grades. Assuming 100% in all controllables (homework / labs) you would need 92% on midterm and final to reach the 95% overall. It is nearly impossible to get an A. No practice tests.
Moen uses his own grading scale, so it's easy to pass (60% for C-) but hard to succeed (95% for A). Grades this semester consisted of only 6 items: 4 HWs (50%) and 2 exams (50%), no curves. However, average for 2 exams combined was ~83%, same for all HWs combined. Must attend lecture as some things weren't in textbook. Overall, OK but never again.
Attending lectures is crucial as nothing is posted online and no textbook is used. You can get perfect scores in labs and projects (worth 40%) but doing average on exams (worth 60%) can cost you a letter grade or two. Moen isn't involved in grading so grades take ages since only TAs to grade everything. Bless the TAs for making this class better!
Strict grade cutoffs and no curving. I had him in 1913 too and enjoyed how easy it was, but after hearing about what other people learned and did in those classes, I feel as though I missed out. Moen's assignments are easy, but you get nothing out of them. Exams are also only a few questions so easy to get a bad grade if you get one question wrong.
Moen is a good lecturer but grades are based on far too few things. I am taking 4041 with him as well and we are given virtually no prep work before exams making it difficult to understand what you are even supposed to be studying for. Based on prior reviews, it seems as if he has increased difficulty substantially from previous semesters.
2 midterms(15 percent each) and 1 final exam are worth 60% of your grade. Labs and projects are not too bad and TA's will be of great help. But those exams are make it or break it. He spends weeks on certain concepts you'd expect to show up in a exam but no, he tests on things he considers "easy" or "self explanatory" and are absolute curveballs.
Moen lectures fairly well, but everything else is terrible. He doesn't post any notes so attending lecture is important. Grading criteria is ambiguous and focuses on specific details rather than big picture. We didn't get our midterm1 grades back until right before midterm2. He is usually rude and condescending to people expressing concern.
Test heavy course that is graded by too few things. Grading takes a very long time.
After the online semester, the course structure changed immensely. The midterm and final are huge chunk of grade, making it highly unfair as compared to last couple semesters when there were no exams. There is no textbook, making it further difficult to study for exams. Professor is decent, but the way the course is structured is not good at all.
Very boring lectures but not too difficult... Maybe it's just me because all of the other reviews made it seem like it would be an enjoyable class (seriously is it just me? Did something change? I don't get it) but it was so dry I almost couldn't stand it. But you have to attend lectures because there's no other way to get the material.
I took McCamant's class during the coronavirus pandemic. Our class was mostly on track and following the syllabus at the start, but when everything got moved to online, it was as if the syllabus didn't exist. Instead of having 5 projects and 5 problems sets (as was the original plan), we ended up with 2 projects and 3 problem sets. Not recommended
Although the subject material was dry to begin with, Stephen McCamants monotone could put a hummingbird to sleep. He seems like one of those CSCI profs whose gigantic melon needs three steps of dumbing down concepts for 3000-level and below students. Gave us some difficulty point adjustments for his hard problem sets. Operates behind schedule.
First of all, 2021 is not impossible. The material scares kids, but with discipline and the right professor, it's fine. McCamant might not be that right professor. Projects were complex w/ little instruction, midterms were hell, and it was obvious he poured work onto his TA's. Just an overall drag on everyone involved.
This is the first time in history where they made the class slightly more passable. Actually way more passable. You get full lab credit if you just attend the labs. The key to passing is going to all labs, averaging 85-90% on all homework/hands-on assignments and averaging 45+ /100 on tests. (60+ is a C). The class is also curved in the end. GL!
This class arguably has one of the worst textbooks I have ever had the displeasure of reading. Don't expect any hand holding from the textbook if confused by the content. Very limited examples and Qian is not helped by teaching straight from the book. TA's were also not exceptionally helpful. You are better off learning from Youtube.
This class was so much harder than it could've been. There was one midterm worth 35% of your grade, the final was worth 45%, and the homework was worth 20%. The hw was also graded, and you had to do it by yourself. The average on the exams were Fs, but some people always got a perfect score. Lectures were boring and discussions were useless.
Homework is graded very harshly, and the tests are near impossible. The saving grace of Feng and this class is that it is all heavily graded on a curve. His lectures and broad explanations of topics were good though.
too hard!!!
When you ask questions, you often found the professor being repetitive and responding to your question, with your question, which does not help. TA are irresponsible, grading the assignments without letting you know what you did wrong in the assignment, which is important as the next assignment is closely related through sem. The schedul is a mess.
Really unorganized and is terrible at communicating a clear schedule. Feedback on assignments (which all build on each other) is often times late and incomplete. The actual content of the class is not hard, but the terrible leadership led to it still being a very stressful experience overall
Grading took forever; weekly quiz avg was between 60-70%. No teaching in lecture; only vague answers about the project. Artificially difficult because of conflicting information. I've had Kevin Wendt for another class and he was good. Just overwhelmed and underprepared for this class. It won't get better since he's taught it multiple times.
The TA team this semester really messed up with the grading part. Grades came up so slow and Criteria is not clear in each iteration. Kevin is a cool guy though, his lecture is pretty good.
His lecture was kind of boring. Disrespectful and would interrupt many times while a student is asking a question or expressing his or her ideas. Exams are huge and very detailed that requires lots of memorization.
She uses cards as notes and can be randomly rude to students. She's also not comfortable with tech. The semester project is long but structured. You'll end up self-teaching a lot. Yet, her grading makes up for it as you have ample time to do assignments, and going to class is a free 15%. Overall, it wasn't amazing, but not horrible either.
TL;DR - If you don't read the book you're screwed I don't understand the high marks for Gini, maybe it's because of the lower division classes. She's funny but probably the worst lecturer I've seen. Her lectures hardly touch on any of the material she expects you to know. You have to teach yourself entirely out of the book.
No textbook is a horrible condition for a class where the lectures are so incoherent. It's hard to learn the material when what you are told in lecture is wrong relatively frequently. Hard to have a clear sense of what we are supposed to know. Some assignments were so baffling they had to alter the instructions in the middle of the cycle. Avoid.
The homework seemed to be way harder than necessary and was quite unclear. Professor Boley is a nice guy and willing to help but his lectures were not helpful at all and were really boring. His quizzes were the most helpful things to study from for the tests. At least he allowed open book and open notes for tests, which were quite easy.
Took his class in Fall 2013, with 200+ students. He might not be good with teaching lower level classes but is really smart, also gives a lot of help in scoring points from assignments for pushing up your grade. He really wants his students to pass too, make sure you learn the concepts from his assignments and you should be fine! Bear with him :)
Everyday he would come into lecture and never had a clear plan on what to teach. He's very smart but not a very good teacher; he seldom used the book and you wouldn't know what to expect for the tests. That being said, the final exam was easy and there was curving here and there. Just read the book and go to TA office hours and you'll be fine.
He is good at what he teaches, but the way he teaches is absolutely horrible. He makes a very easy concept hard to understand, and he spends 30min trying to make it clear, then you realize he was talking about something like 1+1=2. If I were him, I teach 3 times faster. I recommend reading the book yourself rather than listening to his babbling.
HW is way harder than material covered in class and questions are so vague so you have to keep going back and forth to office hr for clarification. Grades are not representative at all for the level of understanding of the material since grading is so harsh. Exams are feasible but very tight on time. Not worth the anxiety, I repeat.. not worth it.
This class is hard, but Gopalan makes it harder. He assumes students are familiar with the course topics so he isn't great at dumbing them down, he can be rude to students who ask questions (though he hasn't been to me yet), a lot of his examples are left unfinished, and the HW/tests are WAY beyond what he actually covers. Thank god for the curve.
Try your best to avoid this professor. Lectures are long and unclear, exams are very difficult and you aren't given enough time to complete them. You're given enough time for the Homework assignments but because the lectures are unclear you're going to either struggle for hours or just go to TA office hours constantly.
Lectures are pretty boring but the material is interesting. The homeworks are wordy and frustrating but you do learn a lot about functional programming. Definitely do the labs as they are very similar to the homework and tests.
The material is cool, but somehow Nadathur makes it awful. I performed above average in the class but I also skipped everything I could! He'll talk for what feels like hours about a simple thing, obfuscating it the whole time. He's also not very respectful to struggling students. I never witnessed someone living in an ivory tower until this class.
The material is not hard. It really isn't. In fact, functional programming is pretty fun. But somehow he manages to say so much and yet say nothing at all when explaining. Esoteric, confusing, run-on explanations with no purpose. If you absolutely have to take 2041 with him, READ THE CORNELL RECITATIONS ONLINE. Infinitely more lucid and enjoyable.
Uses a separate website instead of the university Canvas. All grades are posted on GitHub, and there are no clear letter grade constraints. He has a very heavy accent, and his lectures are mediocre at best. Uses Piazza to answer questions. Honestly just a bad professor.
I had to constantly compare this class with Zhai's 2021 class in order to convince myself that isn't so bad. Gopalan tends to make everything sound complicated than necessary and I found the lecture slides to be more helpful than his own explanations. I mostly relied on his slides and resources which is not ideal if you're looking for a decent prof
I don't feel like the material is hard. I really don't. Yet homework can make you go insane and you are stuck with minimal resources to get anything working. It's not reasonable to assume that every time one is stuck on Hw that they will visit a TA. Ta's were minimal in providing direct and personal help! Also, last quarter of semester we rushed!!
The lectures for this class were not very helpful or reflective of the content we were expected to know/apply for projects and labs. TAs are very helpful on assignments. The midterms were unnecessarily long and difficult.
Goplan structures 2041 to be unnecessarily hard with an unnecessary amount of work. There is so much work that in fact it takes away from your ability to learn since the focus is now on getting it done instead of learning the material to master the problem. If I did not already have career opportunities it would question my desire to continue C.S.
Gopalan does not care much for his students in regards to academic progress. While he does try his best to have us learn the class and understand it fully, the extent to which students can actually do this is not taken into account by him.
no
Gives a lot of tedious, badly worded homework, which varies wildly in difficulty. Lectures mandatory, and are either boring grinds through long examples, or speeding through slides way too fast to understand anything. Programming assignments have little opportunity for partial credit.
Unreasonably difficult teacher. Expects you to drop 50 hours on a project while giving out confusing homework, studying for exams and also having to juggle your other classes all at the same time. Midterm right after thanksgiving break. Doesn't accommodate. No sample exams to study from. Lectures are very vague. No recorded lectures at all.
Exam questions are based off of what was in the homework. Personally I never opened the textbook. You need to go to lecture and participate to do well in this class imo. Start working on projects and homework as early as possible. She is a bit disorganized but is clearly a very smart person.
She is friendly and knowledgeable. She wants students to get satisfactory marks. I understand her, but homework grading is too slow. The exam is heavily based on homework, but students cannot get grades and answers for the homework before the exam. The homework is so difficult that even TAs can't solve my problem in office hour.
Her lectures were a mess. Hard to understand since she mumbles and talks slowly. I just skipped lectures and watched the lecture videos 2x speed. Projects/hw are hard in that the TA's also have difficulty helping you. 2 take-home midterms (30%) and 1 2-hour final (30%). Even though I ended an A, I didn't learn anything. The curve is huge for course
She is easily the least responsive and least approachable prof I've had. She's an okay lecturer though, and that's really the important thing in a class like this. She knows the course material very well, and she she answers questions reasonably well. Grading standards are clear and fair.
Lectures were unhelpful and tests were deadly. On the bright side, my final grade of 75% turned into an A because of the massive curve. She seems to have something of a sense of humor and a good understanding of the material, but that does not at all translate into teaching ability.
Probably the most difficult class I've taken so far at UMN. The professor's accent was difficult to understand at times. Some labs were near impossible to finish without collaboration and the average assignment score was typically around 60%.
Probably one of more important classes you'll take at the U, unfortunately Prof. Zhai doesn't do anything to make it eaiser. Powerpoint slides are always read directly off of, usually with little/no further explanation.I felt the class was organized poorly, seems everything was just rushed. If you have her, know the book like the back of your hand!
Incredibly difficult class. Lecture notes do not cover the material in-depth, and neither do the assigned readings. Office hours are almost mandatory to even get the slightest grasp of the material. Homework assignments are unworkable until they are worked through by a teaching assistant.
She only reads from slides. Projects need extra work with vague descriptions and the instructor keeps adding requirements. Take the course with someone else.
Advanced Algorithm and Data Structure is a very hard course. Don't expect an A in this course. This is my second time taking this course with this specific professor. Don't recommend 5421 with this prof.
He is not helpful at all. He will try to gauge you according to you marks in assignments and exams(he usually calls out your name before handing out your checked assignment) and take you accordingly which is kind of biased.Also, the course itself is tough but enjoyable but don't expect anything from prof/TA in terms of grading.They hate giving grad
Rui seems like a nice guy, but his lectures are hard to follow. But again, it is a difficult class.
Unfortunately, he doesn't explain things well and his lectures are not helpful for homework, which are extremely difficult, very open-ended. There is no way to provide feedback. The homework instruction is extremely unclear. It is not a good course to help you learn. It only makes people struggle.
The majority of his lecture is spent on derivations and proofs and very little is spent on big picture or applied topics. Very often to have typos, does not explain things clearly. Hard to follow.
As a professor he has a lot of room to grow. 90% of lecture is spent on derivations/proofs and very little is spent on big picture or applied topics. When he starts a new algorithm he likes to move backwards; he starts with the math/details and then he might move on to the main idea behind it instead of starting with the big idea and drilling down.
Not very good. His accent is thick, and he does not explain the material at all. Even if you do listen in class, be prepared to study on your own. Keep up on the material.
His lectures aren't necessarily helpful. I love his grading policies because they give you multiple chances to improve upon your scores, whether it be for midterms or homework assignments. However, you get very little feedback on a lot of the material and sometimes you don't have them by the time you take the midterm, which sucks.
Favonia is an alright teacher, but your learning will be more understandable if you and try and learn from the textbook and your assignments more than his lectures. Often times they are confusing and I think I learn more from every other source.
You either understand Favonia's lectures, or you don't. If you don't you probably won't receive any extra help as Favonia isn't very clear at explaining things. Even with homework, he refuses to assist you beyond the basics. For example, he'll just explain what the error a compiler is giving rather than helping you solve the error.
The department needs to to take action with this man's lecture methods. Embarrassing that he has already been receiving such feedback for years already yet has made no changes. He obviously is math smart but a complete moron in the sense of logistics.
He sometimes seems to be reading content on slides for the first time along with us. 2 exams carry 50% of grade. Extremely tough when evaluating projects. No one got above 90% of project score. All assignments are from textbook. And they seem like random problems which don't help in understanding material. He clearly doesn't want to teach
He seemed to know what he was talking about, but he really only just reads from textbook-provided lecture slides and assigns homework from the text, as well. His lectures are dry, but the content wasn't too hard. I did poorly because I outright skipped one of the assignments. All-in-all, fine.
Do not take unless you have a interest in databases stronger than your self-respect. Long, boring lectures using slides from the textbook publisher. Tests involve a lot of random definitions you are expected to recall on the spot, rather than applying knowledge.
Get ready to teach yourself. Lecture is nothing more than an overview of topics. You need to read the book in detail to have a chance of passing. Homework problems from the book are seemingly selected randomly and are not an indicator for what'll be on the exam. I regret taking this course with him. I don't want it spoon fed, but this was sad.
4707 was an incredibly dull class. The lectures were not engaging in the least, and as many have said, slides were adopted straight from the book's website. Also, if you want to actually learn SQL, I wouldn't recommend this professor. You won't actually use a computer, and any "coding" you do will be with pen/paper.
I believe he knows a lot and he has industrial experience, but he is a bad lecturer. He uses slides from the book website without looking at them before coming to class, so it takes him a few sec to process the slides and his lectures are somewhat unorganized. Half of the homework problems and some exam questions are not even mentioned in lectures.
He speaks very very fast with a heavy accent i and couldn't understand him. I was a good student with GPA 3.6 when I took this course in my 4th year, got a C or C- (the lowest grade from all major classes (majored in computer science). This was the worst course I took throughout my life, from all the BS and MS level courses that I took.
Ok Professor.
Not a good class at all. He doesn't look at problems before he assigns them and doesn't teach to what is on the homework or the test.
It is the worst class I had ever attended. very few explanation.
He has got this attitude problem that he graduated from berkeley and he is the best. He is proud that he is friends with a lot of big writers. He thinks he is always right but no. He never comes prepared to the lecture and reads the slides copied from the writers website. The slides are full of mistakes and really sloppy. He doesn't care.
Homework was easy; however, assigned problems changed a day or two before due. Tests not really related to HW problems. Very unspecific about what topics will be tested. Babbles a lot. and there was NO PRACTICE of Databases.
Choose Kulffman. DO NOT CHOOSE Jack Kolb. His exam does not open laptop but the Kulffman does, and every time I got like round to 10 pages for my two midterm, my friend who chose Kulffman only have 1-2 pages, and they open laptop.
He knows his stuff but the lectures are all theory based and never applied to computer science. It makes it hard to learn the content and becomes more memorization for the quiz then forget it. Would not recommend for someone who actually wants to apply linear algebra. Great for someone who wants to learn the theory behind it all.
Carl's lectures were extremely theoretical and proof based. He didn't do many examples in class which made it hard for me to understand material. His weekly exam's were always pretty easy but the textbook that was required was often times hard to understand without supplemental material. I would try to avoid him.
Carl is a funny and nice person. However, the way he teaches linear is more like taking discrete math than a calc class; lots of proofs. Talking with others who are taking 2033 with other professors, they had no idea what we were doing when looking at our homework. Linear is important for learning AI/CV. Don't take it with Carl.
Carl has a reputation at the U so I was excited to have him but sadly it wasn't as good as I expected. His lectures are all theory and very haphazard. Homework is almost impossible. The times I asked for help he was rude. He says his exams are easy but they were always hard. 30% final. No curves. Luckily grading is shifted down so 60% is C level
Grade is based on weekly quizzes and a final, which aren't too hard. Carl's lectures are practically all theory with very few examples. I learned the content by watching the 3Blue1Brown videos on linear algebra and reading the textbook. He sends out plenty of practice problems, though, and as long as you stay on top of those you'll be fine.
Snobby and aggressively-written Syllabus, doesn't do make-up quizzes for ANY absences (even for sport clubs, etc.). Lectures are repetitive and confusing, make you feel like you have no clue what's going on. Prepare to have to teach yourself anything you don't understand because he barely ever answers questions during lecture.
Carl goes over too much theory and proofs in every lecture with very few examples and I didn't learn anything from lecture. I learned everything by reading the book and doing practice problems. The quizzes and final were not that difficult tho. If you can take it with another professor, don't choose Carl.
Had Prof. Carl for 2011 and 2033 and am really not a big fan based on my learning style. His lectures are theory and proof heavy with no practical examples similar to quiz questions. I know some people that absolutely love him and others that don't so it's just up to how you like to learn. Very smart guy though, really knows his material.
Carl has the ability to make things seem more complicated and confusing than they actually are. On YouTube, TheTrevTutor will help with 2033 and hhp3 will be a lifesaver for 4011. As long as you do the textbook exercises/problems then the quizzes won't be that difficult.
Goes very in depth into concepts/hypotheticals, few implementations leaving me extremely lost trying to follow, and the few he does are in inconsistent pseudocode. Textbook also pseudocode, theoretical. Class reminds me of Umbridge, 'if you know the theory well, you should be able to do it in practice, w/o practice'. Take Moen/Taylor instead
Does not use concrete examples, pretty much only talks in the abstract in lectures. There was never numbers on the board in a linear algebra class. Only take if very comfortable thinking in the abstract. I had to learn a lot from the textbook and youtube videos. Said the finals were easy but they're really not.
(also had him for 2033) I liked him at first because of his soft accent and calming voice, but the lectures are excruciatingly boring and for the most part useless. He does a lot of theory and proofs instead of examples and actual math, and e uses completely different notation than the textbook. I also found him to be quite rude when talking to him
Have fun trying to learn math without numbers! All the recent reviews here are 100% true, and his lectures are so abstract to the point where it's hard to learn from them. Easy class to pass, but you'll have to teach yourself.
I don't think I learned a single thing during his lectures. He approaches things in an abstract/proof based way which is fine in some cases, but an example here or there wouldn't kill you. Also will jump around sections as he pleases without saying a word and won't post the practice questions for a week after you cover it makes keeping up hard.
BRUH - I've never studied so hard in my life. His lectures are USELESS. I usually read it off from the book and SLADER<3 or YouTube. He doesn't provide any examples in his lectures. Sometimes I just want a car to hit me before going into his 2011/2033 classes cuz it's painful going to lecture knowing that it wouldn't be very helpful on his quizzes.
Carl likes to think he's making everything "overtly" clear. Hey bud, you aren't. This is an abstract math course. None of this stuff past like Ch. 4 is very "overtly" clear. Dumb it down a bit - not everyone here writes Ph.D level research papers on bijections for fun. He's also "overtly" harsh. (He always says "overtly..")
He's very helpful in office hours. However, since grading is done by TA's, it's common to not know what's expected. Some TA's demand intricate proofs even if the problem doesn't, and some don't. Carl himself had a habit of noticeably trying to over complicate subjects with the intention of being confusing. Nevertheless, the class is very easy.
He assume you have a lot of experience in internet programming, some homeworks are very time consuming. What's more, he rescale his grading policy which made you loose more points while unchanging his grading scale.His lecture is useless, if you have to go to his class, you had better learn text books(3 books, total 2700 pages) by yourself first
He is a more lively professor than most, but his lectures still are quite boring. Projects are very tedious and a true pain. Bright side is that they do usually prepare you quite well for exams.
Kauffman's lectures are charming and widely very helpful, according to people I've talked to. However, it didn't jive with me, and I was berated and patronized in office hours for not "listening in lecture" when I definitely did, and just didn't understand and Kauffman couldn't wrap his head around that, which felt really awful.
Kauffman is a good professor but he's not a good human. I value being nice and respectful to your students more than just teaching well. He thinks of himself as the supreme authority. He knows what he's teaching but lacks any kind of empathy for students. Never gonna take his class again because I don't wanna feel this disrespected again.
The only reason this guy gets any good reviews is because every CSCI professor at this UNI is terrible. He just happens to be the best of the bad, which doesn't say much at all. Makes no effort to help you learn, but rather piles you with assignments and says good luck. Classes are awful and so is his ability to teach
Professor Chiang is a pretty nice dude and wants to help you succeed (he is willing to give extensions and stuff), but the grading criteria for hw (60% of the grade) and the project are extremely strict. If your test case doesn't pass, you get 0 points, so no partial credit. The project is based off the hw too so good luck if you didn't get the hw.
His CSCI 2033 has been pretty fair and chill so far. The quizzes are extremely easy and you can get the homework done within two days with the help of a TA visit. My only complaints are that his lectures aren't the best and the final to his class made me want to pull my hair out. The final was one of the hardest exams I ever had to take. L.
Virtually zero resources outside of the textbook. Lectures are unhelpful. No slides, and notes posted online were sloppy. By midterms I was teaching myself the material. For a complicated subject, the lectures should be more engaging.
Absolutely brutal lectures with poor explanations of the material, you're better off just reading the book and going to office hours. The quiz questions are way harder than the recommended problems, and he gives absolutely no resources outside of the book to help learn. genuinely doesnt care about his students.
Shashi is a nice guy. But the course material is dry and outdated. Topics covered are not helpful for data science jobs in the industry. I would avoid 5715.
He gives out wayy too much homework for a labless course.
A poor choice for this introductory course. He is clearly more familiar with database upper division courses. Every lecture consisted of him reading his mutilated stock textbook PowerPoints, and when quizzes and the final came around, nobody I have talked too seemed prepared; the content tested was simply not discussed in the detail expected.
This teacher has a heavy Indian or Pakistani accent and is often hard to understand because he speaks softly and towards the board rather than the class. He is effective at explaining concepts when he tries but often he glosses over topics and just reads the powerpoint presentations that came with the textbook. His TAs were helpful though.
speaks in monotone speaks in monotone speaks in monotone speaks in monotone speaks in monotone speaks in monotone speaks in monotone speaks in monotone boring boring boring boring boring boring boring......ZZZZZZZZ Please do not teach again. May be a scholar but obviously not a 'teacher'.
He as a person, seems very nice and personable. His material however, since he dosen't post lecture videos, you gotta be at lectures, which isn't great, so you probably have to self teach, especially if you don't know java. Tests were really hard for me, but I'm not the brightest. Wish he curved everyone and not "case by case" for final grades.
Read not-sure-yet as A/A-. Chris Dovolis isn't a wonderful lecturer or teacher -- bland, hand-writes code during lecture, and doesn't post any lecture materials online. And self studying isn't an option, because he uses definitions inconsistent with his online resources/textbooks and there are occasional participation group-pop-quizzes. Tests mid.
He is a very smart professor, but he has a couple of key issues. One, he doesn't post notes and expects you to take notes verbatim and as someone who likes to look back at things, it made it difficult. Second, he assigned two projects due on the same day as the final midterm. Three Midterms are pretty much your grade and you have to study a lot.
High standards Professor. Pretty boring in class, not the best if you're newer to coding/compsci.
Tests determine your whole grade... lectures are not very clear and have poor coding examples.
Terribly worded tests. You have to guess what the questions mean. Lectures were irrelevant. The projects and labs were way too much work for only a weight of 30% total. The projects and labs were fun, though.
Really boring lectures.
You have to work hard in this class! It prepares you well for workload that 2021 and 2041 will dump on you.
Class structure is set up awfully. Tests account for huge chunks of the grade (like 80% I believe), projects that take like 10 hours to do only account for 4% each. Miss 2 labs and automatically fail. Refuses to use github to submit so you have to go in person to talk to the TAs to submit. Teaches poorly so you're better of using the textbook.
Terrible wording
The assignments and projects were completely managed by the TA's and not Dovolis. His tests were totally different and often tried to "trick us" unnecessarily and we spent most of the time trying to understand what the question was asking. I learned a lot and I feel that if I took tests relating to assignments and projects, I would do way better.
This course is one of toughest required class in cs major. However, he made this course tougher. If you go to this course without pre-study, you will have no idea what he is talking about. He often made mistake during the lecture. Sometime you may have doubts if he knows what he is talking. Overall you need to be ready to self-study in this class.
I thought he was a pretty chill dude. His lectures seemed to ramble quite a bit. However, I don't think the grades for the class reflect mastery of the material taught as the 70% of your grade from the tests overemphasized points in passing and neglected topics discussed in depth.
It was quite a hard class. Honestly learned slim to nothing in lecture, but I didn't pay attention too well. You really need to focus during lecture. Labs and projects took up a LOT of time, and were quite hard, but make sure you understand them because tests won't be any easier. Tests are overall random. Theres no real way to study or prepare.
I enjoyed Dovolis' lectures at the beginning of the semester. As time went on, however, I realized he really does not do a good job at teaching the class, and is very lazy when it comes to the course. It looked like the TAs handled every aspect about the course except for the lectures/exams. TAs were very helpful, would not pass without their help.
Run! (Away)
At first, I really didn't mind Dovolis' somewhat lazy teaching tactics because the material was not that difficult to understand and the first midterm was relatively easy (average was 88% ). However, I noticed how unhelpful his teaching methods can be when he taught data structures and the next midterm proved that (average was 57%). TAs really help
He spends a lot of time lecturing on topics relevant to the projects he assigns (e.g. the bus simulation), but doesn't go into too much detail on any of the more complex data structures/algorithms that we cover (e.g. merge sort). The average score on the second midterm was a 52%, and he didn't even acknowledge it in class.
I really like Dovolis as a person. He's comical and isn't insanely boring. His ability to teach, however, is lost on many of his students. 2021 is hard regardless of the teacher, but I've had Dovolis previously and while I love his personality, I just don't think I could make it through another one of his classes.
I took this class on the recommendation of my adviser & felt as if my time was wasted. It seemed to me that the prof spent very little time preparing for our class because if was for non-majors. The labs were disconnected & often flawed. The homework took a ridiculous amount of time for the little help it offered in understanding the material.
One of the most painful classes I've ever taken. So dry and dull that every student lacked motivation, and by the end of it, we were only coming in to lectures to give him a bad evaluation. Homework is long, labs are so disconnected from lecture I thought I was in the wrong computer lab, and we only started learning Python in the last three weeks.
Someone else said that Chris has a "Dad" way of teaching, and they're right. Chris seems like a nice guy and generally tries to engage his students, however, he tests his students on more than what he covers in lecture and in readings. Problem sets and tests are a pain and don't reflect the class. Save your GPA and don't take a class with him.
Chris's often devotes most of his lectures to edge cases instead of making the base material clearer. It is extremely difficult to actually parse the information you'll need to pass from lectures.
He is a tough grader. Although it seems that you have reviewed and learnt materials very well, you may still bomb midterms and final. He curves the class, but it is not a huge curve. There is not much thing you can do with grade. However, he teaches simulation, which is very interesting and challenging.
Gets confused a lot by the material and will sometimes be unable to solve the problem at hand. Even in office hours he gets confused a lot. People say he's the best professor for this class and he is because he himself doesn't know what he's doing so he makes the exams easier.
Dovolis' lectures did not give enough clear direction and guidance for learning how to program. He went on and on about irrelevant information when he should have given applied examples of coding. The tests were difficult and partial credit was given sparingly. The labs and homework were at a difficult level WAY above the lecture material.
Excellent, engaging lecturer. However beware!! Great lectures are all you'll get from Dovolis. He doesn't deal with any grading, and he deflects all questions to his TAs. Not helpful, but also not that hard. Tests were a little frustrating because they focus on the points he makes in the tangents he goes on in lectures. But overall, alright.
Good speaker but speeds through material, tests were full of trick questions, assignments took an unrealistic amount of time to complete
The projects were a total mess. The final lab was ran by a TA and if you were not in his section understanding and completing the lab was out of the question. He often was side tracked.
He is an engaging lecturer, and in class you have the sense that you are keeping up just fine. Then you get an assignment to do, and it seems like it came from another class entirely. He has a very bad habit of explaining material AFTER you've turned in the assignment.
I agree with everyone else in that he's a nice guy, however he doesn't provide the class with all of the tools to complete the assignments without significant help nor is there enough assistance from the teacher's assistants. If this doesn't come naturally to you, or you don't have a strong group to study with then you're in trouble.
PROS: 1. Uses whiteboard over ppt 2. Energetic lectures delivery 3. Knowledgeable 4. Most content comes from textbook ----- CONS: 1. Not involved in the planning of labs 2. Highly unorganized and writes poor exams the night or day before the exam date 3. Unhelpful and seems uninterested in the success of his students 4. Demands lots of your time
One of the worst teachers I've ever had. I didn't find his teaching useful. He's also terrible at being an advisor.
I had Dovolis for 1901 and 1902. He made 1901 very fun and interesting for me. However, I had his night class for 1902. It was really hard for me to understand or learn anything. I think it was because it was a night class. Otherwise, he is very helpful.
He doesn't know what he is talking about, he seems funny and cool but once you get to know what's going on when you are a junior or senior in computer science, you will come to know he is awful.
Dovolis is a cool guy. He's funny, he's chill and he's awkwardly amusing. He is also unorganized, has no idea what he's talking about half the time (seriously. the TA keeps correcting him and he just laughs it off), and he comes into class 5, 10, 15 or 20 minutes late far too regularly for a 50 minute class.
Chris is a very nice guy, and he likes students, but not very good as a teacher. Our TA could explain stuff better, and final exams were based on material that he barely covered.
He's an okay professor for 1901 but is less than mediocre for 1902. He missed two days and never covered the material he missed. NOT okay.
Although I ended up with an A I didn't feel like the lectures were helpful at all. He made everything sound very complicated by developing a few lectures on every little subject. I never read the book, except from a few pages for a couple of confusing labs. Unfortunately the class requires having pop quizzes (10% of the grade) so you don't want to
Although he's a nice guy, I'd have to say I'm not a big fan of Dovolis. He doesn't know what he's talking about. Usually he started class by correcting errors he made in previous lectures. He often was unable to answer student questions. If you don't understand the material, it's tough to teach it.
Not very knowledgable. Made mistakes on the board, very 80s style with bad jokes.
Shana's mediocre teaching was difficult to appreciate through her outright refusal to be compromising or accommodating in any way, shape, or form, even after replacing a professor that kicked the bucket. Condescending, harsh, and sometimes outright mean.
totally depends on your learning style, she's so frantic and rambles a lot but is a super easy grader. class has barely any structure and she's not the best at answering specific questions. lots of group work but not necessarily weekly homework. she's super smart and knowledgable but hard to follow sometimes. read the textbook to understand!
She was terribly disorganized and condescending, but an easy grader overall. Take her class if you're looking for the credit and nothing else.
Shana is a poor lecturer, she goes on rabbit trails for every question. She constantly goes on about how her instructions are very clear, but in reality they are not and require lots of explanation. She is a nice grader :)
Good class structure. Easy grading. VERY BAD explanations. Student asks simple question: A Shana answers questions: Q, F, C, and L. Student is left confused and unanswered.
Dr. Watters has a very "rambly" style of lecturing. It's hard to get a direct, succinct explanation of something because explanations tend to deviate to many other related concepts. This makes her lectures really difficult to follow-along and pay attention to.
I Don't Like by Chief Keef
He's not as bad as people say overall. He is AWFUL at lecturing, and I've never seen such unclear instructions for homeworks and labs. But he's a nice guy who is accommodating.
Joosten knows the material well, but isn't great at explaining it. At first the course was manageable and even enjoyable. But the final project is way too advanced for the fundamentals we learned regarding it. Feels like trying to build a house with ten sticks and a rock. He's at least sympathetic and has been giving out as much help as possible.
really sweet and intelligent professor, however, makes 2041 course like a 5xxx/8xxx course. Homeworks are tough in exchange for "easier" midterms. Final project is insanely difficult & complexed for 2xxx course, will find yourself spend more time in this lower-level course than higher-level. Academically challenging, rough course structure.
its whatevr u hv read from other comments, excpt worst for this sem. 1 final proj=20% final grade which only the grad TA knows n other TA not know how to do. caused an uprising within the class hw, labs n midterms r doable tho if you really want to take his class, gamble with your life and mental health that he will not give the final proj this sem
The final project is the downfall of this class. I understand why it is important and good material to teach but the write up and helpful information is buried in slides and it makes the whole class feel lost. If there was a pdf writeup of what we were expected to do and the different progress points, the project would be drastically better.
Although I went to lectures every single time (graded attendance), I found that I learned basically nothing at all from them. The entirety of my learning came from the textbook and being in office hours. A lot of the time I found myself completely lost during the lecture. Somehow I managed to do well enough on the exams.
The lectures for this class were not helpful at all in the beginning of the term, and after the first two tests had subpar grades--a curve, grade weight, and change up his lecture style were implemented, which helped. The discussion sections for this class were also far more helpful than lectures. Overall a nice guy, just not the best lecturer.
This course was a rollercoaster. Sebastiaan's lectures are very rough, but he's a nice guy and is willing to implement student feedback. The HW is tough, but they're graded on completion. The midterms and the final are similar to the practice versions. Also, he had to curve the class so that 60% or higher was passing and changed the exam weights.
just don't do it. every good review says something along the lines of he used to suck but got better/cares blah blah. why would you want a mid professor who doesn't know how to teach over the other amazing profs here? take someone else, actually ENJOY your classes, save your GPA. trust me.
In this class all he does is read off of the slides that on 10 feet above him. IF you need to take him, just dont even bother going to lecture.Just watch youtube videos, go to weekly discussion, do all homework. do the 2 TH exams (similar 2 midterm) and you will be able to pass atleast with a C. LECTURES from him are a waste of time.
lectures r a waste of time. Seems like a nice guy I guess but grade just weighs too heavily on exams. he does take criticism very well though n has changed the grading scale after ppl fumbled on the first midterm. if ur not a great test-taker avoid for your own sanity.
Professor Joosten is definitely an interesting professor who knows a lot about Discrete Mathematics. However, I believe that his teaching style could use a bit of refining. I believe that he needs to truly slow down on important subjects and thoroughly explain the topics, explaining his thinking elaborately and at a basic understandable level.
Shoutout to the people who asked him if they should drop the course. The curve simply saved my grade
It is obvious that he is passionate in his field of study, but passion does not a good professor make. Not only are his slides often verbatim to the textbook, but he breezes past them at a pace that is just unreasonable. His reasoning to exclude a curve is just unrealistic and it's exclusion is more of a detriment than anything else.
This is the first C+ I ever gotten from a class. I thought the difficulty and load was just how programming works, but looking at the other reviews, it turns out he's just a stressful professor by giving us very complex homework assignments. The zybooks were redundant too. If you love having mental burnouts, this is the class for you.
Tim is knowledgable in many regards, but the man needs to not teach an introductory programming class. The key to survive is previous programming experience. His lectures lacked helpful methods of teaching a subject foreign to many. Instead, Tim elects to share useless info about his career and 'prehistoric' methods of computing.
I would recommend you take CSCI 1115, because it helps you get a kick start on concepts that will be taught in class later and also get familiar with problem solving in C++. Tim's a sweet person himself but the way he teaches is really a hit or miss. Super difficult homework for an intro class is assigned every week. Come to office hours!!!
I am very fortunate that I have met a very good TA, and I have learned most of the skills in the lab. The key to getting an A is the test, remember not to give up in the test, write as much as you can, TA will give you enough grades
Going into this class, I thought it was a beginner coding class. I was wrong. You are expected to already have a basis in computer coding before starting this class. Without a background in computers, you're behind. I took this class as a requirement for my Psychology major and it was way too hard.
Lectures were often difficult to understand or straight up nonexistent. There were too many in-class assignments on things that we didn't know how to do yet, due to him not lecturing on them. I relied heavily on the labs to learn anything in this class, which I guess is normal for a compsci class. However, lectures were essentially pointless.
Pros: 1) likeable 2) knowledgeable 3) showing up is easy (but little amount of) points Cons: 1) tangents 2) vague responses 3) hard-to-read slides 4) starts class late 5) somewhat unprepared Often, we end up starting lecture late, he goes on tangents about complicated comp sci and back in my day stuff. Hes a nice person though.
Take notes. Take detailed notes. The tests were nightmares but they were open note. The amount of work for the credit total you get in this class is not worth it. Be good to your TA's they do a majority of the grading in this class. Go to office hours and make sure you understand. Be sure to do your best on the projects they make or break you.
I was taking this class as a math credit and wish I didn't. He isn't accommodating to students, but stopped recording lectures because it was "too much for him to do". I asked him to explain how to start our first project, and he said "it's pretty self explanatory". He doesn't seem to care about whether or not his students pass his classes.
Wrenn's lectures were innefective at best, and actively impeding learning at it's worst. A facade of difficulty was built up around this class, when in reality it was fairly easy due to how the project was graded. Wrenn frequently bragged and acted unprofessional towards students. No disrespect, however, as he always acted fair and was respectful.
A decent professor. Seems unprepared a lot of the times as he would post projects days after he said he would originally post it. This causes the deadline for projects to be right before the day of exams. In my experience, he will mostly read off the powerpoint and sprinkle some facts in between, or brag about himself.
she's a good professor for computer science to those who have taken a computer Science class before. if you have never taken a computer Science class before DO NOT HAVE HER AS A TEACHER!!!! she will be no help.
I had her this semester at Augsburg, and I gotta say, she gave no leniency whatsoever despite the pandemic... She was kind, definitely, but she always expected us to just know things. When id reach out for help, instead of answering my questions directly, shed answer it with another question... Also very disorganized and replies late to emails.
Her lectures are often boring and confusing. Lots of tricky quizzes and it is hard to study. For projects, it is way harder to understand what's going on than to code. Luckily, we get lots of help for this class with plenty of office hours. Larson or TAs also respond to most emails regarding code issues/debugging help, which is actually unusual.
super disorganized class: bugs in base code, vague & changing proj requirements, slow grading (but tends to be lenient). lectures not helpful. makes you wonder if she actually cares. mandatory lab signup. lots of work (last few weeks were ok, but still...). this class would be easier if you already had significant experience with c++.
One on one, Prof Larson is really willing to help you. But this class was extremely disorganized with the projects and I really didn't feel like I learned much. The given code for the project already had a ton of bugs in it and the requirements were constantly changing. The quizzes were objective and hard to argue points back for.
Pro - she assigns a lot of homework and in-class quizzes that help you learn better than any other CSCI class I've taken here (2021,2041,3081,4061). Con - Larson just isn't very smart. Her lectures are really unclear, and you're better off reading the book. It's also annoying that questions can be worded very unclearly in exams/hw.
Overall class is somewhat interesting and the homework will make you learn about searches and some AI problems. Overall this last semester was a disaster on the topic of getting feedback. On work turned in mid October there were no grades posted until after we had taken the final. Overall the class had very poor structure, and feedback.
Lectures are unclear and unengaging. The professor seems to want students to succeed but wants nothing less than to give the students more resources other than the textbook. Attendance is optional but may as well be mandatory given that you'd be stuck reading the incredibly dense textbook otherwise.
Lectures were youtube videos posted from last fall, and many of them didn't really help as well as they should have for homework. She is very hard to reach via email/oh, but the ta's were solid. Class is probably much better in person, but a real dissapointment via online class.
Such a hard class, prof and ta are not well organized, give you hints that gets you nowhere
School has been online this semester and Kate has probably been the worst professor I have ever had and is managing her course through covid very poorly. She has been doing a terrible job making herself available and offering any extra help to students. Literally does not have her email to contact her on canvas even and is flying through material
Im a fairly agreeable student and havent had many negative prof experiences... but boy, Kate Jensen is one of them. Not only is she EXTREMELY condescending, her lectures arent helpful for the homework or tests, the homework is graded so severely, and the grading standards are skewed with 95% required for an A. Never again.
Professor Jensen takes a very theory/mathematical approach to Algorithms and Data Structures and to be perfectly honest, unless you have a future career in the academia, it is not the best approach for most people. I learned more reading out of the textbook than listening to her lectures. She was very approachable and is a nice person though.
averages for exams were aorund 40%... and they were always rlly long exams for only 55 mins. always had projs due a day or two before exams, but did not teach enough to start projs early in advance. lectures were rlly long, but prof truly is passionate about the subject. it feels like she forgets this is all new to us, but she is willing to help
Strict deadlines, but only for his students. If I upload my quiz/project at 6:01pm I'll get a 0 but when he tells us he'll have the tester code up by Sunday, you won't see it until Thursday. I don't feel comfortable asking for help because he makes me feel stupid and unqualified as if I'm not here to learn how to do these things.
Honestly I don't get why everyone seems to love him. He's a decent professor and explains the difficult concepts as best as he can but his attitude is hard to deal with. He's "sassy" (read: unhelpful) when you try to ask for help. There's been worse professors but he's not as amazing as the other ratings make him out to be.
Grading sucks! Score got out really late.
Grading HW3 using: grade = raw * 0.4 + 60. That was SO RIDICULOUS! You can end up doing little and get above 60. lmao.
Terrible, terrible class. Homework and labs looks like they were written the night before on the Notes app on my iPhone. He has no rubric or clear expectations on what he's looking for. Of course, thats somewhat expected, but when graders start nit-picking it gets so annoying. The labs are tedious and vary wildly in the required work.
The lectures are fine but his homework is annoying. Especially homework 3.
Don is well... a very poor lecturer. He is a top tier yapper. He likes to sit in his desk in the front and type our URLs character by character. The class is decent, but most of the learning comes from outside sources.
this class is a joke i went to TA office hours and he was never there
Don't take this guy, lectures are just listening to him talk to himself and read off some ancient looking slides. Grading is a mess. The sad thing is that this is actually a pretty interesting subject, but it is a bore with Challou. Also he seems kind of racist
The lectures were generally hard to follow, especially during examples. He oftentimes referenced lectures from professors at other universities which were much more helpful than the lectures in class. Additionally, attendance was very heavily weighted (~15% of the grade). Outside of this, he seems like a nice guy.
Challou bumbles around during lectures reciting slides that he very clearly does not have a good understanding of. His homeworks feel very poorly assembled and have you do tedious useless problems.
Professor Challou was such a nice guy but I didn't like what he taught. I felt like I didn't learn anything and he would just do examples in class instead of teaching. There is so much busywork in the beginning and the tests are annoying because you have to produce code under pressure which I feel isn't a great indicator of knowledge
Homeworks can take a decent amount of time. Some of them are a lot longer than others. Dan is probably the most disorganized professor I've ever had; constant mistakes in his slides and write ups. Tests are worth a disgusting amount of your grade for a class like Internet Programming, where you mostly just do projects.
It's like he teaches you 1+1 2 in class but then expects you to do integration by parts for the homeworks
He has no idea he is teaching nothing in class.7 HWs basically throw to you and done by self-learning from Googling, the class is basically listening to him talking to himself, tests are 25% each, not really hard can basically google all of them. Restrict you from using this/that build in features which I found to be pointless,Personality alright.
Wastes a ton of time chalking up stuff on the board without any explanation. The course material is good but I haven't been to a single one of his lectures without feeling like I'm wasting my time. Class is easy if you've already done web dev work else I can see it being very confusing. Most of the learning is from figuring the project out on my ow
Professor presents examples and refers to w3schools and references to learn. I feel like there could be more structured learning and active process. He's a smart guy and decent professor, but very laid back. I feel that I would have gotten more out of the course had I taken it with the other professor, last semester.
Dan Challou is a meh professor. His lectures are fairly boring, homework are alright, gives random participation exercises in his class which is fairly annoying. Seems to have extensive industry experience which is good, but I never would want to work alongside him.
Dan was one of the worst professors I've had. Coming into CSCI 1133, there's gonna be a lot of different skill levels. I think he forgot about this little bit. His homework is graded super strictly, cannot teach well at all, doesn't give good examples and gives a lot of pop quizzes. Honestly don't take CSCI 1133 with him
Lectures are a waste of time. Literally posts links and youtube tutorials in his slides so you can actually start learning after lecture. Does participation exercises since if he didn't nobody would show up, except for when he randomly gives you 60% of the homework during lecture, which incentivizes procrastination. Loves trick questions -_-
Too much homework. Exams were heavy and didn't give enough time to do.
Lecture was once per week, 2.5 hrs. VERY dry and boring lectures-but you earn points for in class activities. You learn the bulk of the course material in lab, also once a week (3 hrs). Weekly homework assigned, and weighted heavily, as labs do not count toward your final grade. Although, you must pass 10 of 12 labs in order to pass the class.
Homework can take 6+ hours a week, and he gives pop quizzes in class without any notice. Anytime you ask a question, he always answers it in an extremely condescending way.
Read the book, pay attention to lecture and make sure you have a TA go over your homework before you turn it in. Don't expect a curve a lot of the people in your class are going to be really good at programming. Also if you're not an experienced programmer take the section for inexperienced people, that's my biggest regret.
The projects are hard and Challou will spend 4 or 5 lectures about the first tenth of a project (repeats material many times) and you have to break your head to figure out the rest. It seems like he does not know the material. finds creative ways to avoid answering questions. very harsh grading. unclear instructions for assignments. avoid Martha.
Lack of communication between the prof and TAs. Lectures take more than an hour to explain 15 minutes of material. Easy tests with trick questions. Teaches coding and communication methods that he sometimes follows. Most of the work is at the end of the class. Group projects are a trap and the only escape provided is to ditch your group.
Worthless lectures that are out of the book. He makes you come by giving random quizzes. If you read the book, do the homeworks and labs, you don't need to go to his lectures. Exams weren't tough, but were very congested, giving you no time to think things through.
The course material is not too difficult if you read the book and put effort into the weekly labs. Challou's lectures are really long and super hard to pay any attention to. He basically teaches straight out of the book, so the lectures aren't too helpful. There are several random quizzes though, so you do need to show up to lectures.
The cool part is one gets to learn how to write one's own programming language and how to build a translator from it to C++. The lame part is that the class is treating it as if it was like joining an organization called Cash$cam: with self-help books and articles each of which could be summarized in bullet points on a single slide.
If you are an A student and value your time and prune unnecessary activities because life is short, you'll probably get a B here. 10% of the grade is coming to class and labs where you'll be explained 5 minutes worth of material in 1 hour. 7.5% of the grade is doxygen. 15% of the grade is answering quiz questions about vocab from the reading.
This is apparently a class for people who are excellent C++ programmers, but who have no clue how to make a plan. He doesn't so much teach you as give you a pep talk about why making a plan is good and you should do it. Then you have to go home and write C++ code, which he never taught you. Annoying mandatory group project. Nice guy, though.
I believe that this was Dan's first time teaching, and it showed. His lectures were vague, inept, and included ludicrously inane participation exercises. The class was generally messy, and any structure it did have came from material and schedules inherited from prior professors. On the plus side, Challou's exams are very easy. Hope for a good TA.
The gap between the lecture and coding might be heavy for someone who doesn't fully comprehend the principles beneath it, especially the ones with a relatively weak math base. Requiring basic understanding of linear algebra and multi-variable derivative, not much difficulty in coding itself but students may struggle with realizing math process.
Sooo boring. He just drones on in his sleep-inducing voice, and the material is completely unclear. Often seems like he doesn't really know what he is talking about, and goes fast to get theough it so that we don't notice. The only way I learned anything was directly from the book. Tests are difficult, but mostly straight memorization.
If you want to learn Biochem AVOID!
Apparently this is his first time teaching BIOL1009. Tuesday and Thursday mornings started with ridiculously dull lectures. Attendance isn't mandatory, but you take random 3 pt. quizzes often. Tests cover some material you're not supposed to know, and are confusing. Class ave is around 55-60 though, so any test above an 80 is an A pretty much.
While a very nice guy, Prof. Hooper is very disorganized and lacks the lecturing skills needed to teach a difficult class like biochem. His class also lacks structure. It feels more like Biochem fact hour than a class. Exams are do not test concepts but just facts he deems important.
Hooper is new to teaching 1009 and it shows! His powerpoints are all pics and his tests cover material that he said we did not need to know. He is a nice guy though. His lecture quizzes are difficult and his tests are much harder than the other lecturer's. Maybe he'll improve.
this guy is an idiot, i don't understand how he became a professor, cuz he sure doesn't seem like he knows what he's talking about.You won't learn much in this class,cuz his slides are not clear, and could be in a different language.save yourself a headache and take it with a different professor...this dude is worthless
He jumps around the lect slides and seems to confuse himself the more he talks. He keeps saying,"I'll post this online." Then what's the point of me buying this $80 course packet? I wish that this class was more structured. I'm super frustrated!
The lack of structure in this class was frustrating, but the speakers were amazing. The speakers offered a wide variety of topics, but when there weren't any Hooper filled in and his presentations were awful.
In over 40 classes,I never had a worse professor. You can not read the 6 page exams(4 total during course) much less answer them in the 1 hour he gives you to take the exams. His lectures are confusing, as are his handouts, which have scribling all over them, which is usually incorrect information or so illegible you can not read them.
blah
A cool guy, but is disorganized and hard to follow.
In the starting of clss, I was scared and I thought he is trict teacher. His lecture is very much enjoyable. He lectured enthiusiatically. He made lecture interesting. LAb is alot of work. You should know how to use excel and excel formulas before this taking this class, otherwise, it can be a mess. lab journal collection was sudden.
He totally rubbed me the wrong way, and I think he's an ass. Not very considerate to students, especially at the final. He did get the lecture material across though.
No Comments
Arrogant, occassional temper tantrums, but also amusing at times, easy class but boring
very mean grading system, no plus or minus sign. grade, the reason is it's only a 1 credit class. doesn't respect students' effort at all.
Dr. Wick is clearly very passionate about Biology. Her portion of the tests are entirely based off of in class guided inquiries. Do not study the textbook for tests unless you just do not understand the basic concepts. If you ask her a question make sure its specific to get the information you want out of her.
She grades more on grammar than the biology even though during lectures she is very often grammatically incorrect. She can be frustrating. But if you ask her for help, for the most part, she will try to help you. She is really frustrating though. Did I mention how frustrating she is?
Sue Wick was a very frustrating professor. She does a poor job of explaining concepts and her in class activities were not helpful, although she pretends like you can learn everything from just doing this silly exercises. I'm sure she means well, but she often comes across as being quite rude or simply uninterested when you talk to her.
really hard tests...always A through E, very tricky. i've heard all Bio teachers suck, so not many alternatives...jsut do well in lab.
she has no fashion sense and doesn't explain anything useful
Not a great prof by any stretch of the imagination. Tries to be cute and tricky on her exams, but at most two options on her multiple choice questions make any sense at all. Bio 1001 is a joke; it's insulting that IT kids have to take this crap to satisfy a "science" requirement. Logic and common sense alone should get you no worse than an A-.
shes mediocre- subject sucks so i guess its hard for her to make it that interesting. going to class is pointless because shes basically reiterating whats in the book and lab.
So boring. I found myself unable to attend lecture. Lab was fine. Ridiculously hard tests; I've heard 1009 is easier. Way too difficult for a 1001 course.
Lectures are very easy to fall asleep in. Wiley 175 has some comfortable chairs. Lecture notes help in preparing for tests as do the online questions. Take it pass/fail if you can. Too hard for an intro class.
the easiest class i have ever taken. a few of the lectures are very intresting, but most are dull. i mean the food chain? ok what is this preschool? she is pretty nice, but wasnt of much help at office hours
Bad professor, you don't learn anything in class other than memorizing test material for upcoming exams. Stutters like crazy and is very distracting, however he does know the material very well. The layout of teaching in class is very awkward, there is no power point he uses a projector to show pages.
He is pretty disrespectful at times. There was more than one instance where a student would ask a question and he would flat out laugh instead of answering. Be prepared to memorize EVERYTHING given in the notes, unless he explicitly states otherwise. Oh and you're only given an evaluation form for the lab portion of the course, nice.
Prof Maheswaran teaching style is that of a dictatorship. There is no engagement in the class, which makes the lectures so boring you want to poke your eye out with a spoon. Don't take this class thinking it will be a breeze. It is a 3000 or 4000 level class labeled as a 2000. Lab hardly ever coincides with lecture which makes it feel pointless.
He told us the 1st day of lecture that "I'm going to make this class hard" even though it's the non-major Microbiology course. Does not use the text-book. Lectures directly from powerpoint slides that look like a wall of text. A student didn't know that a virus caused cervical cancer and he stood shaking his head for 2mins in silence looking @ him.
He somehow knows how much you attend lecture and will call you out infront of everyone if you don't usually attend. He doesn't help people he doesn't like and tells you he will bump your grade down at the end of the semester if you're on the edge and he doesn't like you. He's unhelpful, insulting and disrespectful. I am sorry if you ever have him!
Very hard
He tends to talk in circles, and he also tends to play with his right nipple.
True, he does f up your understanding of genetics, but the ethics part was worth it since I took this class for c/pe. His tests are hard and the average was pretty low (c average i think). But all in all, he tried to satisfy the students and always asked what they wanted. I don't think he's that bad.
Hard to understand. He doesn't organize his thoughts before speaking. Rambles about same subject for half of class, and isn't very good about answering questions. Tests are difficult, but project and papers are a breeze.
First off, don't buy the book. It's a waste of money and you won't use it. Buy the lecture notes. Get all the easy points from the pop quizzes and from lab. The material is often not hard but can be confusing on the tests. He tends to twists the ideas around and can be difficult to understand if you don't know the concepts.
His BOOK of lecture notes could be helpful, but it is so long that you need to memorize everything in order to do well on the tests. Tests are hard, and every point counts. Get the easy ones from pop quizzes and in lab. Very boring lectures! Don't take them early because you will fall asleep. I recommend taking Prof. Mamoodi for 1009 instead!!!!
His classes are boring. DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK. because he will give you his notes every week. study from there. all you have to do is MEMORIZE. No POP QUIZZES. His tests are quite complicated. He even gives u his last year tests samples with the answer. Dont' focus too much on it, if u take his class. because the questions aren't the same.
He read directly from his note packet and did no teaching whatsoever.
Don't go to med school if you can't pass this class. Please.
I used to think that it sucked that professors didn't care about students and only cared about research, but after this guy I wish he would do more research and less "caring". Not a fan of this guy.
Very hard class. He expects you to memorize everything he says in class. His powerpoints are somewhat unorganized. He goes through powerpoints VERY fast and leaves you no time to write things down. No practive tests or quizzes. Does not post power point but does post some information covered in class (not in depth). Overall AVOID.
He is a complete jackass towards his students. If you ask a question in class or answer one of his wrong he will make fun of you and become very condescending. He expects LOTS of detail on his tests. He would be better of teaching a group of 12 grad students than undergrads. He also frequently has angry outbursts during class.
Dr. Jemmerson is quite a hard teacher. He said once he likes teaching graduates more than undergrads and this seems to be true because we undergrads like things to be explained well and he does not really do that. I found that to understand any of his lectures, I have to read the chapter in the textbook at least twice. Tests are pretty hard.
The text book he used was horrible and he always assumed everything he presented was clear. He used overheads for his lectures and half the time you couldn't read his writing. His exams were almost impossible. He has the personality of a dead tree!
Do not take Ornithology with Zink unless you want to be a Bird Nerd. I missed two lectures and got docked 20% participation alone. Lab is painful: have to memorize some 60 birds and facts each week.
Horrible professor. Boring, and tests are rediculous. Normally I like biology and sciences, but I hate this class, and the professor. Definitely find a different professor to take the class with.
Her lectures don't teach you anything, thank god i'm taking other science classes that actually explain things to me. The only people in our class who do well are those students who took ap biology last year, and probably should not be in the introduction to biology class. Her tests don't come from book questions but from "the pool" of her mind.
Prof. Gleason was good at the start, until test time came around, and then you realizied how pointless her lectures are. Her tests focus on small, insignificant details that serve no point. Her voice could put anyone to sleep. Look for someone else!
She isn't very clear. Test do not cover anything that you would think. They are full of abstract ideas as opposed to the basic things that you should remember and be tested on. In class quizzes are also overly hard and on random stuff that wasn't directly talked about.
Wasn't concerned about students during semester. Subject matter on tests was not what was taught in class. Class averaged a low D on exams. She didn't think much of it.
She does a decent job teaching, but overal is a dissapointing teacher. Her online lecture notes are very helpful, but I found myself irrated with her most of the class. She has an odd accent, in which she speaks normally for 95% of the words, yet pronounces the other 5% outrageously. Until her class, I never knew "law" had an 'R' in it.
Sterner is an Ok Prof. He basically teaches right out of the book but his lectures are pretty much useless because of incorrect inferences. Your better off just reading the text. Tests are fairly easy as long as you have a grasp of basic Ecology Too bad the class is Mandatory attendance.
This was an easy class as long as you attend lab and study from the lecture notes for the tests. Although the lectures are dry, he is generally prepared.
She is a really nice person, but I did not understand a single thing she taught. She also forced us to teach ourselves a lot of the material. READ THE TEXTBOOK!
One of the worst professors I've ever had. Extremely difficult, hard to understand, impossibly long exams you barely finish if you finish at all. The material presented on exams is not at all similar to what she teaches in class- purposely tries to trick you. Gets over a month behind in lecture and has pointless literature assignments
Although reading the book is not neccessary, make sure you attend every lecture! Tests are pretty hard, I studied more for this class than any other, but since she grades with a curve I luckily ended up with an A. She goes through material a bit fast, so make sure you don't fall behind!
Her tests were too hard and detail oriented. My roommate was taking the same class with a different professor and when I looked at her tests, I clearly knew all the information yet did not do well in the class. She is nice, her course just is not well organized.
I took her freshman seminar CSI forensics. I thought it would be really cool and I was really wrong. I fell asleep during her lectures...which were pointless if you read the book. She is a lot more picky than I expected on grading... especially on the presentation. She was nice but it was a waste of time and required more work than chem 1021
Dr. Fall was very boring. If you are a person that learns most from lectures, do not take this class. In my humble opinion, this class was too hard for an introductory level course. I spent whole nights studying for midterms and prelab quizzes and was only 1 point away from an A, but he would not award that 1 point. Difficult but doable class.
His lectures were very dry and I have fallen asleep in most of them. However if you do most o the busy work the class shouldn't be too hard.
He is mean and childish in person, don't talk to this guy if you can avoid it. Don't buy the text book for BIOL 1001 because everything you need to know he posts up online, the book is a huge waste of money.
Had as a guest lecturer during a bio class a few times, he also edited the Lab Manual. Absolutely painful to listen to.
Flip flops between whether or not you can use notes for quizzes right before she hands out the pop quizzes. Teaches like it's a 1000 level class, gives tests and grades like its a 4000 level class. 20-30% of the test is from a subjective "thought" question you can't study for, was never covered in lecture, and is not in the book. Avoid!
very unorganized and unclear. not recommended.
She makes class seem really easy because she teaches really basic stuff but then her exams are pretty hard.
I've been confused in class or by course/assignment requirements but never so much as in a classroom with this professor. Assignment objectives apparently change without notice, even in the middle of her grading papers. Save yourself the grief and self-study or gain the knowledge elsewhere. She knows her stuff though, so is a good go-to person.
She can ramble on and on in this class and you think you get it and its easy and then the test blows you outta the water. Not clear basically and just boring
He's funny and nice; gives a lot of examples from current research which is cool. Talks pretty fast, but prefaces the class with that, so just speak up if you have a problem. You have to pay attention in the class to do well on the tests. It's not a terrible class, though.
I would not recommend this professor. Lectures and exams don't match up. Talks super fast. I did everything he told me to, to be successful on exams and was not. I studied really hard for this course and I'm get mostly A's and will likely get a C in the course. Nice guy though.
One of the worst teachers I've had at the University. Exams are very challenging and his slides are beyond worthless! Avoid him, trust me you'll be doing yourself a big favor!
Pretty much the worst science prof I've ever had, watch out for his exams!!!
His lectures are intimidating and filled with a lot of information. HOWEVER, he makes the class as painless as possible. His goal is to make sure you just understand the gist of what he's talking about. He takes attendance every lecture, there are 2 short 'papers' and 2 exams that were VERY easy. If you're interested in pursuing genetics, take this
Nice teacher but exams are not easy compared to what I have read so far on this website. The exams are long and tricky....overall it is a hard class with a lot of work for just a freakin' B :(
Terrible lectures, tough with grading. Makes a fairly simple class confusing and difficult.
I left the class asking myself: what did I learn? prof goes through the ppt slides super fast and has horrible handwriting. The hws are worth like nothing, are mostly matlab-based, and the textbook helps very little. Recitation are like matlab lessons, containing hw answers but they are explained in a cursory manner. Be prepared to be confused!
He's a nice guy, but his teaching skills and dedication to the class just aren't there. His assignments are riddled with errors, he's often unprepared for lecture and his descriptions of topics are really lacking. The material is also not really covered in many texts, so its hard to supplement. This man shouldn't be allowed to teach without a TA.
Netoff probably knows his research really well and can manipulate data sets superbly but he is not good at teaching. He makes a lot of mistakes during lectures and often time just tells us to go ask the TA but he is not very good at doing the math on paper. Basically what he lectures on doesn't relate to your homework. Hard to learn from him.
Pretty good lecturer. All other aspects: horrendous. Irresponsible, makes up homework on the fly (full of errors), doesn't bother to properly list his prereqs, doesn't reply to emails. Condescending. Utterly unhelpful. Can be a nice person, very good at his research, but in severe need of training and accountability as an educator.
You won't really ever see the lab professor.. make sure you utilize the TA's. They are the ones that can truly help you out. Basically, the entire structure of the course is disorganized and confusing.
My group was working with buffers, but we have never made our own so we asked for help. He totally chewed us out and also the TA because we used the wrong chemicals. He was the person that gave us the chemicals and in reality we didn't want to talk back to him because he had a look that could kill.
Read the lecture slides, everything comes from them. Exams don't match up well with lectures covered. Don't waste time reading the book, everything you need to know is on the lecture slides.
It's extremely hard to stay awake during his lectures. He goes too fast with slides, and rambles on. The quizzes aren't that hard, but the tests are. The lab is pretty east though. As long as you do the reading for the lab and pass the lab tests you should do alright.
Most of the time I had no idea what Fuchs was saying, he went too fast and kind of rambled and we went over too much material. The tests were hard and all wrote memorization. Yes, there are pop quizzes. Lab wasn't too bad as long as you studied for the lab quizzes. Go to lecture, read the book, and if possible, avoid this class.
Avoid! James frequently stutters over words in his thick southern accent. He is one of those professors that can't seem to come down to his student's level. It often seems like he is lecturing to another professional in the field, someone that already knows all the info. Average test scores between 45-70%. Somethings not quite right about that.
I have never met someone so enthusiastic as Jane. I never want to be called a mushroom again or play any more "fun little games" tho. Lecture days are long & difficult to pay attention. If you do not have to take this class, do not. Skim the materials before lectures to get the extra credit. Usually 75% passes instead of the 80 they say. Not fun.
She is an enthusiastic professor but if you ever talk to her one on one, she is very rude and gets mad at you if you don't understand a concept. She is not very good at actually teaching, as she just reads off the slides.
this person has no business teaching at any level. there is only a minimal connection between lecture material and exam questions. one instance she told class not to memorize genetic code, but it ended up being 15% of the exam... she knows genentics but she is no teacher.
She's not a good professor
Peter is a very knowledgable professor, his enthusiasm for plants is awesome; however the class is more than plants. Expect pointless assignments about human diet tracking and a huge amount of concept maps. You will get a great deal out of the class if you read the materials. Peter doesn't excel in lecturing but a couple videos and you will be fine
An OK professor
Strain was very nice. Unfortunately her lectures were quite dry and a bit unclear. For a class that I should've found quite interesting, it was awfully hard to stay awake.
Professor Livingston teaches a biochemistry course and students can often tell that BIOL 1009 is very difficult to him to explain because of his biochemistry training. He is very nice and understanding but the exams are not worth it. I would take a different bio course or 1009 with a different professor. If you do well in lab it will help a lot.
He's nice, really did try his best to interest students. His tests are hard, but that's because the bio department made them. Averages for the midterms were in the 50s. You really NEED to study a ton. If you put in a lot of work though, you should be fine, class is curved, try to make average on exams and EXCELL in lab, it makes the difference!
Tests are ver hard and lectures are boring. The tests ask questions about the smallest details in the book.
Very boring, and his tests are very difficult.
Not a very good professor at all. Seems like a nice guy, but he has very difficult exams. I am actually dropping the class so that should say something about him.
Not the great of a teacher. Pretty much the same comments as the other people. His slides are way to long, he uses complicated words and you do not really benefit from going to lecture. Most of the time I just read the book and have a better understanding. We will see how the test goes for me tomorrow.
He is really hard to understand. To be honest, the only reason I'm going to the lecture is to get the information that are outside of powerpoints. He always explains concepts in the hardest term possible. Even the powerpoint is hard to understand.
He tries hard to entertain the students. But honestly, the class gets really boring. When I ask him questions, it is really hard to understand him since he always uses jargon or other hard languages in explaining. He also sometimes get offended if the students correct him. He tries hard on teaching, joking, and etc but he is not the best teacher
He tries hard to entertain the students. But honestly, the class gets really boring. When I ask him questions, it is really hard to understand him since he always uses jargon or other hard languages in explaining. He also sometimes get offended if the students correct him. He tries hard on teaching, joking, and etc but he is not the best teacher
He is very monotone and rushes through powerpoints, which are comprised of paragraph-long bullet points. He lacks variety and is very hard with the surprise pop quizzes. I DON'T RECOMMEND HIM!!!
Dr. Armitage is a very educated man, but he does not know how to present information to classes that have only seen it for the first time. All of his exams are off of his lectures, that are very dry and uninteresting. He's a nice man, but can seem condescending at times.
Dr. Armitage is a very intelligent man, but he is a terrible professor. His lectures are not interesting and unclear and the amount of information he expects memorized for exams is unreal. The class averages for exams have been high 50 to low 60 percents. Avoid this class if you can! Take a different version of the biochem course, like HORT 2100.
Dezhi has an accent but you get used to it. super laid back for such an intense lab course. lenient grader. lets TA do most grading. very willing to answer questions. the only drawback was being stomped in the dust by my partner for whom I did a lot of work and was rated a C for group participation, but this had nothing to do with Dezhi.
Dr. Price is a very nice human being but her teaching style needs some work, she likes to change her slides after she has posted them so don't bother printing them. She goes through things very quickly and it's difficult to take notes and listen. She also is a horrible speller and her slides are full of errors. But again, she is very nice.
I really enjoyed the material we covered in this class, but I ended up hating the class overall because of how disorganized Dr. Price was. Her powerpoints were all over the place and seemed to have no logical order. If you don't do well on exams, it's very difficult to improve because you can't see what you did wrong.
I took her first physiology class when she just started teaching at U of M. She was okay, but there is definitely room for improvement. She tries to have a student engaging class in a big lecture hall so it doesn't work very well
I've taken Physiology 3051 before and this class is a joke compared to it. Instead of taking time to explain important concepts in class, she has multiple "discussion times", clicker questions and videos. She leave important facts off of power points so you can't look back at them to study. For a CBS course, this is easy but definitely not fun.
Seems nice in class, but the workload is too heavy. Weekly quizzes that cover too many unrelated materials with an unforgiving inflexible syllabus policy.
She lectured in a manner that was only suited to one particular learning style. She left parts of her power points blank when she put them up online, which was not appreciated as the book was not useful for studying for tests. I did not find her to be a helpful teacher or competent at creating exams.
Not only are his tests the most difficult out of the three professors, he also races through his lectures. This makes it very difficult to keep up with the notes even if typing them. There were multiple occasions where I had to go back after lecture and re-look at slides to get notes.
Dr. Johnson didn't seem like he wanted to be teaching at all. It seemed like he had to teach to be able to do his research. His tests were the most difficult out of the three professors for this class. He asked very poorly worded questions. Good luck with this guy.
Class started off okay, with pretty standard lectures and small discussions in class, but when the pandemic happened and we went online she was not super flexible and still made us do a group project that is stressing me out to no end. If you're signing up for online classes you can look forward to some super awkward zoom lectures.
This is one of the hardest BIOL classes I've taken, which says a lot. My issue with her is how she doesn't try to help you at all. Doesn't give out answer keys, or tell you what you got wrong. Averages on tests are low C's or below. Also, doesn't want to meet outside of class. Luckily, lab is heavily weighted, or many of us would be failing.
She can be sassy and standoffish, but I think she has good intentions. Tests are very tough but do as many of the study questions on Moodle before and you'll be better prepared. Lots of material covered!
Elizabeth had a tone that kept you engaged in her lectures but she is all about the "active learning style" so be prepared to get balls thrown at you to answer her questions in lecture. She was kind of sassy in her emails and her tests were very very very hard. She gets most of her information from the book.
Out of all the classes I have taken in college, this professor has been my least favorite. She talks way too fast and refuses to give notes until after the lectures. My least favorite part is when she calls out your name in front of a class of a couple hundred to answer the questions she has. I would not recommend her at all.
My least favorite college professor. She has notes that do not help at all. My lecture was about 200 people, and she called names on a list of the students to answer in front of the entire lecture. If 3 people don't answer, she throws a football into the crowd and the closest person to the ball has to answer. She knows the topic, but talks to fast.
Omg I will not miss this class. We didn't know the paper due dates ahead of time, the dates of the quizzes changed around. The lectures were disorganized and the slides were terrible. The syllabus, lab protocol, and TA slides never matched. He was not approachable or helpful. Grading was tough and the quizzes had curve balls and harsh grading. Bye.
Professor Marks can be very ambiguous in his explanations and assignment requirements. That being said, I felt that he really wanted his students to succeed, and it was very easy to get an A.
Tests are based on practice tests given before hand. If you simply work on the practice exam you will do well on the only 2 exams of the semester. Boring lecturer, and quite hard to understand her accent at times.
Emailed him a few times and never responded, which is quite convenient for it being an online class. Class wasn't terribly hard, just required a bunch of work and quizzes seemed to test on stuff that didn't seem important in lectures.
I had a lot of difficulty understanding his accent personally, but he clearly is enthusiastic about the subject. It is hard to meet him outside class to get feedback and his tests are never multiple choice. If you have a choice, get a different professor, but if you must take this class with him you will do reasonably well if you study the ppts.
He lectures with a thick Chinese accent. I'm Chinese and I can't tell when he is saying telomeres/kinase. I don't know how he manages this, but is both irritating to listen to ("right?" verbal tick) and sleep-inducing. Attendance quizzes, homework are a must to boost grade. He uses videos for stuff he knows students won't understand if he explains
this class was a nightmare, lectures were just way too long and boring, and she was fine at explaining the basics but the labs were always way too hard and she didnt even seem to know how to do them herself a lot of the time. exams were also really difficult and always covered something we had never talked about. just really frustrating overall
so hard to listen to him in lecture. he talked quietly the whole time and was unclear with what exactly he was doing at any moment. made the whole class painful. labs were always really hard and he would eventually give up and do most of them for you but every group needed that from him so you had to be patient. i dont feel like i learned very much
Warning: she is not very helpful outside of class, or considerate about the wording in some of the test questions. Difficult professor to have, and I wouldn't recommend her.
She isn't very clear and it's hard to pay attention
Everything is based off of the power points. She rereads the power points almost verbatim, hardly elaborating on anything. She will tell you what you need to know for exams, usually. The power points look like they were prepared in 5 minutes with just copying every figure from the textbook without taking the time to summarize anything.
I took this as a 2nd step into an ESPM minor. I kept waiting to learn about Ecology & *Society.* That didn't happen. Lectures were boring, and the content was the same stuff I learned in a Comm. College Env. Sci. class. Lots of assignments, many of which aren't announced but are on Moodle. Group projects galore. Definitely wouldn't recommend.
Has the unique ability to answer every question asked in lectures with "Good question" followed by talking in incoherent circles and ending with "yeah good question"....... likewise i agree about the questionable wardrobe comment.
He has good intentions, but makes himself available at limited hours. He will likely decline a request to meet outside of his few scheduled hours. His grading curve rewards students who are fine with getting B's, but is tougher on students trying for A's. If you slip up even slightly on 1 test, you will probably not get an A.
This class is very difficult if you're taking it as an elective and go into it thinking it will be easy. The class is very test heavy and if you do poorly on any test your grade suffers for it. If you can take it online, that's your best option as it's easier if you're looking for minimum work to put into the class to pass.
This class made me HATE writing. Most things are graded on completion but are so time consuming. When she does grade things, it's very harsh and even by following the rubric, it's not specific enough to where you can get what you expect. Mini essays are due at the beginning of each class (lots of reading to prep). Don't take w heavy course load
There was a lot of writing for this class. She has very clear expectations, and you need to follow the rubric to a T to get good grades. Her feedback is helpful, and I do like how direct she is. Her facial expressions are hilarious.
I had Jan for Neuroscience and Education and can confidently say she's the hardest prof I've ever had. In addition to being very harsh in terms of grading, she also is not very empathetic at all (especially considering I had her during the height of the covid-19 pandemic). Best advice: participate a LOT.
Jan is so nice and passionate about neuroscience, but unfortunately I can't recommend her. The grading is so harsh, with feedback that's more critical than helpful. Assignments are so frequent and it feels like everyone is scrambling to keep up rather than actually learning. It's a shame because the course could be interesting and useful.
For the first half of the semester you do weekly 200-400 word essays. For the second half, you do a group project and two 200-400 word essays, along with a 10-page paper. Weekly readings can be up to 40 pages. You won't be learning from Jan during the second half but from classmates doing group projects. Incredibly boring and a waste of tuition.
She was helpful if you asked for individual help. Learned very little, as the majority of class time was for discussions. Papers, that require a lot of reading, due every class. Very tough grader, does not consider when group presentation is when assigning grades (presentations can be up to one month apart).
I took this class as a lib ed thinking it couldn't be too bad since it is online. I definitely thought wrong. While the subjects aren't necessarily hard to understand, the amount of work is quite frankly just annoying. Quizzes, reflections, and the group project all take more time than they should have to.
Each week looks like: assignment, quiz, reflection. Quizzes are not hard but they are time consuming. He will have at least two questions that they word impossibly. There is also a midterm, final, and group paper in the course too. SO much busy work, took for a lib ed and it ended up being WAY more work than I expected.
This man is useless and biased. Class should be renamed "Lab Techniques in Eukaryotic Microbiology."
No Comments
His tests are very tough and he doesn't curve the class. There are only two exams and a final so each exam covers about 10 chapters and is very specific fill in the blank. Learned a ton but it was a also a ton of work.
The quizzes/exams tested the most minute details. There are no expectations for what you were supposed to focus on. Looking at old exams, (old prof) they tested much more big ideas/ main concept material. She also loves "select all that apply" questions and will consistently go into 15+ possible answers for a single question. Terrible Experience.
Dozens of readings/videos per week. Proctored exams, no study guide, all written. Super specific weekly quizzes, try and watch most of the videos + skim readings. Topic is important, just too much info to test on. Must post discussion comments on 2 different days or points docked. Prof is particular but has clear syllabus. Canvas page is organized.
I took this class thinking I would learn what I can and can't recycle in my daily life. It was not that at all. Each week there is a TON of reading and videos to watch. The weekly discussions and quizzes aren't bad. But, the midterm and the final are VERY hard and combined worth 50% of your grade.
he had good intentions but his style of teaching made it almost impossible for me to retain information, he talks through ever lecture and lab and has very little visual aid for either and i struggle to process things auditorily so this class was a nightmare. labs are not too hard but the lab reflections/questions were always so difficult
I think spring 2021 was Neal's first time teaching. I don't want to fault him as a prof too much, but he really didn't help my learning in this class. He often goes through the week's material pretty slowly, going off on tangents for way too long and speaking in a boring voice. however, he seems like nice enough guy outside of his teaching.
Neal's lectures tend to get long, and he often has guest visitors who are just there to discuss their area of study, so it doesn't add much to the class. The curriculum is pretty manageable, and he is really accessible for asking questions. Only other complaint is that his assignments/quiz questions are vaguely worded and confusing at times.
An absurd amount of work for such a low level class. Wasn't that difficult, but it took up so much time. A final paper on top of a long final exam felt unnecessary. If you're looking for a class with a light workload look elsewhere.
Goes very quickly through lectures and tends to go on tangents. The assigned textbook is not good, so go through the posted lecture notes and slides before the pre-tests instead. The exams are completely based on the lecture, so be sure to review the lecture notes very thoroughly before exams.
3004 is a tough course with a lot of writing. There are a lot of needless assignments. Dr. Kirkpatrick is the woman behind the curtain on this course. You will probably never meet her and she won't make an effort to meet you. When classes went online with the pandemic, the class really declined with her behind the wheel. Very poor communication.
This was my second time taking the class (I had to drop it end of semester spring 2016) and while improvements have been made, it's still kind of a mess. Guidelines and deadlines are unclear and the Moodle page is hard to navigate. You probably have to take this class, so just be glad it's better than it was two years ago
You know besides this class being a mess and impossible to know what is happening 24/7, Kirkpatrick is wonderful. She really tries her best to be there for us confused students. She emails back promptly and helps you understand some of the ways to do better and offers clarity on those confusing assignments. blame the class, not the prof
Kirkpatrick means well but this class is disorganized & often I had no idea what was due. Be prepared to commit a ton of time to lab work outside of class, because she won't tell you how important it is for your grade. The work we did was interesting but too much for a 3 credit class & I would have appreciated clearer instructions and guidance.
Most useless lectures I've ever sat through. Unfortunately, she takes attendance. Otherwise I never would have shown up. Everything you do will be group work so hope and prey that you get a good group, because they stay the same throughout the semester.
The class itself was a bit disorganized and the lectures fairly dull and unhelpful. I found it difficult to get clear answers from her but she did always try to answer my questions.
Terrible professor. The class was meant to be 2 credits and I spent at least 12 hours/week on it. She quizzed us on information she had never taught us. Easily the worst professor I have ever had.
Terrible. Easily the worst professor I have ever had. She taught the class like it was a graduate level course. Not clear on any of her lectures and quizzed us on material she had never covered. Impossible grading scale. The class was supposed to be 2 credits and I spent at at least 12 hours/week on it.
Dr. Sorensen is nice, but he's very boring which made it very hard to pay attention during lectures. Our grades were basically dependent on the tests (60% of your grade), but the other 40% was pretty easy. There is so much memorization in this class, so get ready for that. He also hypes up the book a lot but I did fine without it.
Boring lectures with a lot of information. Peter is a nice guy but kind of a mess. Lots of material covered and only 3 tests. Make sure you study all the lecture slides for the tests and show up when he takes attendance once a week
Horrible. Completely disorganized. Doesn't pare down the field into reasonable chunks. Lectures are pretty much garbage but the guests and the TA was a nice change. He is a research rat not an instructor. Smart guy but bad teacher, take something else.
Basically gaslit us and told us that it was partially our fault that the averages for the tests weren't good. This class requires so much more handholding than what we're given, and it doesn't help that there are limited resources that we can go to for help. Only 4 people to help class sizes of 70 people when everyone is confused.
David is a nice guy, but not a good lecturer. He does not explain topics well, and it becomes confusing and boring to listen to. His quizzes and parts of the test were difficult because he asks random details that no one memorizes. Read everything assigned as it is the best way to learn the material he goes over.
One of the worst classes. Unfortunately required for CBS students. Lectures are extremely boring. There is only one day of lecture, so get ready for a lot of outside studying to grasp the material. Tests are really hard unless you're familiar with the subject. EC quizzes offered, which boost your grade, so review the slides before class on Monday
Professor Kirkpatrick is insane. The materials aren't too bad, but he made the exams ridiculously hard. Midterm composes of 15 questions multiple choices (5pts each) , and short answers, which means you have to pretty much memorize everything from the chapters. Pros: At least final isn't accumulative!
Absolutely worst class ever. If you do not have a background in molecular biology you will fail. His tests are ridiculous - no matter how hard you study you will not receive a good grade. The guy himself is very smart, but his class...not worth it. I worked my butt off to maintain a C and it took away from my other classes. Overall, not worth it.
Kirkpatrick is awful. His lectures are worthless because he lectures straight out of the book, practically verbatim and his practice tests are no indication of his actual tests. This was literally the worst class I've ever taken - switch out if you can!
The course material is very easy but the exams are graded very harshly. One word off on an essay and you lose 5 points. Also his exams are straight out of his slides. As of 2019 we don't get the questions in advance, but they're still hard.
I see how biology students might love him, but as a CLA major, I did not like his class. He told us he forgot to create a prerequisite for the class but proceeded to teach as if there had been one anyway, so many scientific factors went over my head. I asked for help at least five times and he literally refused. Told me to look in the book. Sucked.
This professor was terrible. The tests are not on the main ideas of his lectures. You will spend three days talking about a subject and it wont be on the test. His tests are at the 3,000 level and basically footnotes or words he mentioned once and didnt even explain. absolutely terrible.
Completely intolerant of any opinion that differs from his idea of what "science" is (which is ironic because that's not a very scientific way to act). Arrogant. Does not stop bashing other belief systems or past scientists who got things wrong. Nice guy, personally, and a pretty solid teacher and lecturer. But very very intolerant.
Horrible. only reason i went was to watch movies on my laptop, just copy what people around choose for the answer to clicker questions. get ready for him to bash religion first day of class and bring up lion research every class....Hard tests Anton savonav as TA was awesome.
If you love evolution, then you're fine, but this class is not a normal intro course. It is completely about evolution and Packer never stops bashing all other ideas over the head. Even not having particularly strong feelings either way, it got so old.
Please do NOT take this class if you do not have a background in Evolution. But the most frustrating part is this class is supposed to be a introductory class... and that's a straight up lie. I'm a junior and I've NEVER taken an intro class this difficult. Look for another professor or a straight up different class if your just filling generals
One of the most arrogant professors at the University. If you want to hear offensive comments about religion and constantly hear about his lion research, then this is the class for you. I can't believe he teaches a bio class for non science majors. What a jerk! You will be MUCH better off taking Biol 1001 with the amazing Sehoya Cotner!!!!!
Lecture is interesting. Tests are somewhat difficult. There are no review sheets or old practice exams. Labs are dry and boring, but easy to get a good grade in them. Not very helpful personally.
He is Okay, but kind of boring.
Very long lecture (one hour and fifteen minutes) He sprinkles it with jokes and anecdotes which help. Even with studying and note taking I did terribly on both midterms, don't know if that was just me though.
lots of slide lectures
Does not make lectures specific enough, he almost knows too much about what hes talking about, as to where he explains oncepts with other concepts that I am unfamiliar with, don't take his classes, exams are very difficult as well
what an arrogant jerk- you better not be religious or he automatically hates you- thinks his way is the only way
Dr. Pompei is a nice professor but horribly boring. It's impossible to stay awake during lecture, which sucks because you have to go. Labs are only marginally better and very TA dependent. Take a different class for the lib ed.
Starts by talking about how much she cares & no matter what, she'll get us through--this abruptly changes. Encourages questions, is condescending when we ask for clarification. Stresses email etiquette, hers are snarky/short unless shes telling us how we all disappointed her. Doesnt know shes doing anything but reducing stress. Only prof for course
Would not recommend. The syllabus is complicated, and Dr. Schiff's lectures do nothing to simplify it or make it interesting. Grading criteria are vague, no previous exams provided, attendance is mandatory (but not useful) ,and Dr. Schiff herself is not approachable outside class. Consider other micro courses instead.
The class is heavy on molecular biology of viruses and she does a poor job explaining complex concepts. She expects students to learn everything from the book and will often reject in-class questions. She is no very approachable and comes off as rude quite often. I would recommend a different MICB course because this class is not a great expereince
Dr. Schiff's powerpoints are disorganized and cluttered with useless information. Her expectations do not match the level of teaching. She offers no test reviews, practice exams, or old exams to review for the final. Her grading is vague and inconsistent and whenever there are class-wide confusions she thinks it a virtue to explicitly not explain.
The lectures weren't very good and points got taken off the test for not adding more than what was asked. A lot of focus put on one singular project with not much clear criteria. A nice and caring person, just hard to learn from.
Robin is nice, but the course was horrible. - Exams were ridiculously time-consuming and hard (10+ hours to earn a C). - Can't prepare for exams, because you won't know what's going to be on it.
Dr. Wright was a mediocre-at-best professor who cared more about her own love and passion for biology rather than getting information across. Difficult to deal with outside of class and basically created an environment where students resented her for her attitude and her unwillingness to conform back into reality.
MOST STRESSFUL class you will take at the University of MN. You will spent 2 hours in class learning nothing from the professor but sort of revising what you learned from reading the book but you better attend every class or you will lose points. Three team members are dropping biology as their majors because of this class.
Robin was an.. interesting.. professor. I personally did not like her teaching style; she was too "in love" with academics, coming off over-the-top and almost full of it. Shes a TOUGH grader, but 2002 is a weaning class. If you don't like doing busy work reflecting on how each week's studies has helped you "understand diverse cultures," do not take
very hard teacher. I lost interest in biology.
Robin has trouble communicating. She cares but uses incomprehensible analogies. Grades difficultly, but with all the extra credit you would have to try hard to not get an A. People complain but the majority of the class got A's and A-'s even with the hard grading.
I used to like biology. Then I met Robin Wright. She is the most condescending, difficult to work with person I have ever met. Her grading system and tests are completely subjective -- non-psychics need not apply. Her attitude is caustic. Chances are you have no choice as to whether to take 2002 with her, but if you do? RUN.
I was very disappointed with the outcome of this class. Here I was expecting the associate dean of CBS to be a wealth knowledge that encouraged and inspired students to learn biology. What really killed the class were the "take home exams" that consisted of us guessing the response that Robin would write instead of a correct answer. SUBJECTIVE!
The title of "assistant dean" has gotten to her head, thinks she is some revolutionary educator but infact doesn't realize people can't devote their lives to one class. Learned nothing about Bio in her class, instead throws massive amounts of busy work at you in hopes you keep up and learn it on your own. Killed my interest in the topic.
Robin Wright is EASILY the worst professor I have ever had in the entirety of my academic career. She refuses to teach and instead throws complicated concepts at us by encouraging us to learn by reading the book. She refuses to accept that she is incorrect and is essentially destroying my desire to study not only biology but ALL ACADEMIC SUBJECTS.
Robin's teaching style was very frustrating for me. She is a fan of self-learning and learning through mistakes. She gives you the chance to earn back most points you lose, but I was usually too frustrated by that point. Success is mainly determined by previous knowledge. I learned very little from her.
She's one of the worst teachers I've ever had. Maybe if she stopped talking about yeast so much she could spend more time writing fair test questions. She expects far too much out of us based on what we've learned. they say that grades are a learning experience if that were the case they would have + and - grades so it wouldn't destroy your GPA.
Robin has favorites and she is a difficult grader no doubt. She expects more from students and most students have prior Biology knowledge but for those that don't you can see them struggle. Since there isn't a lecture it is strictly self taught and all from the book.
its a total time waste , the whole class is useless!!
I took the first class of BIOL 2002 ever. It was one of the most frustrating classes I have ever taken. They were trying to implement some sort of 'technology infused' style of teaching that was primarily focused on group work. The take home tests were absurdly confusing and the assignments had almost no reference to the text. Avoid this class!
Way too much time spent on testing, and almost no concrete in class discussion. I think most of the kids in this class get by with previous knowledge. Tons of class time that is used extremely inefficiently.
the worst. unbelieveable. boring. has no interest in teaching. confusing.
This class is so far the hardest one I have taken. And its only one credit. We spend hours and hours on homework that I know 100% I'll never need to know again. James either has ridiculous expectations or is simply not understanding the base of his students knowledge. The class is nothing but confusing for an INTRO course, and he is not much help.
Great guy, but has unreasonable expectations for what students are capable of using GIS. Our second lab report was extremely confusing due to this.
I understand why he made the class like it was, but it was still obnoxious. No notes, only video lectures (so the only notes are yours! they better be good), reading papers that not even the TAs understood. At least the quizzes got easier after the first couple weeks when just about everyone was failing the class because of them. Class needs work
Ghose is a warm, intelligent person and a great speaker. HOWEVER, this class is tedious. There is no textbook or sample problems, office hours are appointment only. Lecture slides are mostly just graphs from primary literature. Lectures are recorded but you can't see Ghoses laser pointer on the screen so you don't know what he's talking about.
He is a very boring professor, and it is stressful that the whole class is graded based on 3 exams. Honestly you really just have to memorize every single thing on every single slide to do well. Which is doable, but aggravating. Very meh, but if you have to take biochem he really isn't the worst professor to take it with.
Class was based on 3 exams and 3 quizzes. Everything was basically off the slides, just watch the lectures and annotate and you'll be fine. Only reason I rate this professor a 2 is because I was less than 10 points away from an A and I ended up with a B and he refused to raise it.
On the positive side, he is willing to chat about questions you have about the curriculum after class and via email. The challenging side of this class, I found was knowing what exactly to study and how to go about it. The exams typically bring up questions that require one to think beyond the basic material discussed in class.
This class was really hard. Like he lectures well, but it gets boring and makes me fall asleep. The exams were really hard too and your whole grade is based off of only the 3 MC tests you take. There's no set curve either, so that's frustrating. It's overall a lot of memorization and more detail oriented. But everything is based off of the slides.
He's a decent lecturer, but I wouldn't take this class with him again. Grade based on 3 MC tests. There's no set curve, it's based on how well everyone else does, which I'm not a fan of. Attendance isn't mandatory, but it helps to go to lectures since the tests are only based off the slides/what he writes on the board. DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK!!!
Only 3 exams and if you do okay or not good on the first two, very unlikely going to do well. He is the dullest professor I have ever had. All I wanted to do when I got there was sleep. Doesn't really tell you how to prepare for exams and isn't very specific on what to study. Wouldn't recommend.
Lectures are boring. Reading the textbook does not help since it is too simple comparing to the lectures and exams. Expect exams to be hard and in detailed. They are very hard!! Doing practice exams might help.
Avoid taking this class with Adolph if possible, unless you prefer memorization of trivial facts to learning. Your grade is composed entirely of 2 midterms and a final (all multiple choice). He is respectful and knows his stuff, but ultimately I left the class feeling like I was jumping through hoops to get my grade rather than learning.
Possible the most boring lecturer I have ever had. Tests are basically random trivia from the slides/ lecture, not really testing if you learned it. DON'T SKIP CLASS or you will end up working twice as hard for a worse grade.
His tests are completely multiple choice, so if you pay attention in class and memorize the slides it is okay. Dry lecture, but he gets to the point without going off on unimportant tangents.
Could be the least interestedinteresting professor I've ever had. You can tell he doesn't care about his students or what he is saying. Not engaging and very monotonous. Doesn't tell you what to study and doesn't give feedback. Sure, you can memorize the slides, but thats about all you're looking at for this class. Choose a different prof.
As a biology major excited to learn about biochemistry, this class was a disappointment. The lectures were extremely dry, monotone, and un-engaging. He talks AT you for exactly 50 minutes each lecture, and then that's it. No office hours, assignments, projects, or discussions. I didn't learn as much as I hoped to. Nobody shows up to lecture.
One of the worst professors I have had at the U so far. Boring, simplistic lectures taken directly from lecture slides. Doesn't post any grades online, no office hours, rude and aloof when seen for help. Exams take directly from lecture slides/notes, many questions from book that are never covered in class. Grade based on 3 exams, statistical curve
Drink several cups of coffee before attending any of his lectures. He reads directly off the slides in monotone. It is up to you to read the book and learn the material. His tests always include the most random, obscure questions never discussed in class. The class is extremely boring, but his grading is somewhat fair.
All he does is read off of the slides and then tests on the most worthless little details from the textbook. Your interest in Biochemistry will be sucked out of you after this class- avoid!
Pros: multiple choice tests, clear lecture style. Cons: difficult and nit-picky exams that come almost entirely from lecture and lecture notes, not a generous curve, grade based only on curve. Better than drawing out all of the amino acids on exams like other bioc profs do but not a fun class.
Dr. Adolph is probably the worst professor I've had at the U so far. His lectures are very straight forward and easy to understand, but his exams test on the most minute details. I went in to ask for help once and he was nothing but rude and condescending. If you have an option, don't take biochemistry with him.
If you want a semester full of skipping lecture and memorizing slides for exams then this guy is your man.
He had the most boring lectures - bring your coffee!!! To study for his exams you must memorize the book (which he reads to you in class).
Posts his lecture notes online then painstakingly reads them, verbatim, and calls it a lecture. He is a nice person; quite approachable and knowledgeable. But his exams are almost entirely questions on nitty-gritty details that you could only know by committing the textbook to memory.
Terrible lectures. Tests were hard because of the extreme amount of details included. Plus he looks like Droopy.
So much easier then the other Biochem Profs!! Exams are right out of the notes and everything is curved. Super boring though.
the "Ben Stein" clear eyes commercial of biochemistry!
Relatively easy class, he curves everything! Very dry, but then again it is biochemistry ...
very dull..
Personally, Dr. Brooker is one of my least favorite professors so far. I used to be jazzed about genetics but his lectures made it really boring. His lectures are also just a copy-paste of his textbook, so there's no second reference if you don't understand a concept. He is a really quick responder though, which is great.
Hard man to reach during summer term! I have learned that two words sum up his learning style from taking a few classes with him: group work. He makes every class of his do a long term project, no matter the topic of the class. He assigns A LOT of work, but he is a good lecturer. If you don't do well with group work/projects, this aint the prof 4 u
He consistently did not answer questions I had emailed about assignment criteria, preventing me from doing my best work. The group work is awful so get ready to fix other people's garbage writing all semester. The material itself was easy but barely got an A because there was no salvaging our awful group project, despite getting As in every exam.
Personally I did not like Professor Brooker's teaching style. He did not really lecture in class and made you read and listen to lectures over the weekend and then tested you twice on the material each week. However, the second test each week did not give you enough time to study for it and increased in hardness by 200%. Not my favorite professor
Professor's lectures can be long but are generally easy to follow. Group project was definitely the worst portion of the class-his expectations for the project are not clear. Exams are surprisingly easy, if you do the group homework questions and weekly quizzes you basically have all the questions for the exam.
Online course is pretty awful. Unclear expectations for group work, which is especially painful because people in my group do not communicate. Online lectures are poor, "you'll want to read this part" is often repeated throughout instead of discussing the topic. Feedback on assignments is poor. Don't take this course online!!!!
Group assignments every week and one large group project that is very confusing and very strictly graded. Resources are not very helpful. Be prepared to do a ton of additional research.
baby got back!!! overall great professor, really likes his topics and has interesting things to add to EACH LECTURE! don't miss those three point quizzes-- or you'll be sorry!! :)
hard to follow is very detailed but little noted lectures... but likes to make everyone vote and makes fun of himself to lighten up the mood. he redeems himself by giving the study guides for the tests... can't get by without them
very dry lecturer. Taught material well though.
believes in some stupid teaching techniques.
The class setup is awful. The whole course is graded on 4 exams, with no curves. He feels the need to brag that there was a C average and mention that he "didn't feel like adding a curve". He doesn't post full lectures. He makes rude comments to students who aren't doing well in the course and likes to laugh at the amount of F's on each exam.
This class is entirely memorization. There is no analytical thinking involved at all. I know that he is the only professor that teaches this course, just tough it out through the course and you'll be fine. Make sure you memorize the lab notebook and lectures WORD FOR WORD.
Funny, engaging, but very uptight about intellectual material. Race to take notes as full slides from class aren't posted. Miss lecture, you fail. Graded on 4 exams along with lab grade. Exams are 9 pages with mix of multiple choice, fill-in-the-blank, short answer, and drawing. Grading is fair, but tests are proportionally long to test time
Overall, he is a great professor who is clearly very knowledgeable about what he teaches. His exams are literally just memorizing the lecture slides, simple as that. With this in mind, attending lecture is an absolute must since you need the slide materials to study. Personally, he's not great at emailing and takes awhile to respond to emails.
The class is only graded on the 4 exams and the lab (if you take it). The exams require you to memorize literally everything on the slides word for word, picture for picture, and even letter for letter. Making a (over 200 card) quizlet for each exam helped me a lot. He is very knowledgeable about the topic, but bad at helping students succeed.
He is a strict grader. His wordings on the exam are really tricky. As an exchange student, I found this class is not hard in critical thinking but rather do you understand the questions he asked. Study everything on the slide, including the images. He also does not do curve so a 90 is A- and 89 is B+. If this class is optional, don't take him
Dr. Mohr protects his intellectual property like the Smithsonian protects the Hope Diamond. He doesnt post lecture slides or exams after they have been taken. You need to watch every lecture and literally memorize everything on every slide if you want to do well. The class is not curved. 75% was the average on the first exam.
Best way I can describe this class was "needlessly difficult". The lectures themselves were good, I enjoyed the material and he tied many concepts to real applications. However, tests are so detailed you'll have to practically memorize the entire slides and even that may not get you everything you need. Fine professor, needlessly difficult.
Most students either earn a C average or withdraw from the course (from the lecture hall it looked like about half or more withdrew). If you are great at memorization and reciting back explicit knowledge, this is the course for you. If you desire to learn, understand, or apply microbiology, choose a different course.
All based on the lectures but he does reference the textbook a lot and tell you to look things up so textbook is required. His lectures are fill-in-the-blank so attending lecture is a MUST. Memorize all the lecture notes because thats essentially what the exams are.
The least professional and most abrasive teacher I've had at the U. All smiles while lecturing, but its an act. In person and over email he is rude, priggish, impatient and downright mean. Both TA's and other students all have horror stories about him. Avoid at all costs. For success: memorize every word he says in lecture and dont read the book.
The exams ask for every little details that he talks about in class, making it the worst science class I had ever taken (and I am a Bio major). Also, make sure you got all the pictures/figures/tables and captions memorized (textbooks). The lab is lots of work and boring, 5/30 people in my lab dropped out after a month.
He is unapproachable and anal about grading, feels like he does not want his student to succeed because of how he grades. Also wants minute and unimportant details to be memorized.
This class should be called "random facts about bacteria, with a few fungi and protists thrown in there"; his tests involve tiny details and rarely does he do anything involving the big picture of microbiology. His lecturing could be ordered better. Do not take the class if you don't have to!
Very difficult to keep up with....would never recommend in enrolling in this class during the short summer...his tests were hard...and scoring was very anal and unfair...interesting course by all means but expectations were set very high for being an introduction level course. No curve was applied as well which was ridic. for the difficulty of cour
You know those professors that are only here for research and could not care less about students. That's Dr. Langlois. This class is about 50% guest lectures and all housekeeping is done by the TA. Dr. langois comes in for his 40 minutes (because godforbid he lectures the whole class period) and lectures at 600wpm, then goes back to his research.
This class is okay for the easy A for a lib ed. SO MUCH busy work and the professor never responded to any emails I sent her or set up her office hours. She and the TAs take forever to grade, like assignments from October 8th are not graded and its finals week. Final paper is long but you do a lot for it throughout the semester.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. This class should be labeled as a writing intensive class. It is crazy how much work there is for this class as an elective. Professor takes days to respond to emails, or sometimes doesn't respond at all. Final project at the end is horrible and is not made clear at all. Unless you absolutely love horses, do not take.
If you plan to email her asking her questions, don't expect a reply. This is the second class I have had with her, and out of the 9 emails I have sent her, between the two classes, I have only ever received 1 reply.
Just wanted to give the heads up, if you need to contact her for ANY reason it is nearly impossible. Emails go unanswered, and there are no office hours. Her TA's even struggle getting through to her.
She is nice & she MEANS well. However, this class was not easy. She talks so fast during lecture that youre scrambling to jot things down she says. She has office hours once a week for only 1 hr (Which she got rid of completely halfway through the course) & her study groups meet the same time/day the whole course, so if you have class youre screwed
Lab is the most informative part of this course and the debates are fun. She spouts off about a lot of material but doesn't help to make much sense of it. You're better off studying the powerpoints alone than bothering with lecture. Knowing concepts is simply not enough for this course. Tests are in-depth and rigorous.
Super unorganized. Her slides are everywhere. She starts on the first slide, and it goes back to the first slide 10 slides later (it happens every 10 slides). Exams are straight-forwarded. Attendance is not mandatory but recommended becase she does count and it's 20% of the grade.
She doesn't respond to email. I asked her to write me a letter of recommendation for medical school and she fell off the face of the earth for months
She is very knowledgeable but its hard to determine from her lectures what is important to know for the exams. She flies through powerpoints which are usually around 100 slides each.
Doesn't really know what she's talking about. Not too hard though.
She is a very nice professor, but does not help that much for class material. By the end of the class, many people stopped attending class because lectures were not that helpful. Although, she does have a good grading scale. If you take animal phys be ready for application problems on the exam. Be wary of this prof.
Going to class felt very unnecessary at times, seeing as how Dr. Simon never taught us anything. As good as the prerecorded lectures were (shoutout to Dr. Brooker), I would've preferred live lecture. Be prepared for weekly quizzes and problem sets, if you're not on top of things and don't set up schedule for yourself, you will fall behind.
You have to learn all of the course content yourself through the textbook/powerpoints. The professor only goes over "core concepts" very briefly during class time which doesn't even cover everything on the weekly quizzes. There is a semester long group project. Overall, just not an engaging professor or class.
Dr. Olson is a great professor. However, the course set up is difficult, as well as the exams.
This professor is a caring professor, although her class is extremely difficult. It should not be that difficult. I also found their exams not fair, not a single one, need to be more CLEAR.
Prepare to have few of your questions answered. She will either say she doesn't know and move on or she will have you email her privately, excluding the rest of the class. Dr. O repeatedly stated throughout the year that the textbook was useless. The textbook explains the concepts better than she ever could. Lecture quality worst out of the 4 profs
Sue is very nice, but her tests are super hard! Lectures are pretty boring because she writes out every single word she says. It is nice that the notes are already typed up. Read the chapter before lecture and study the lecture notes and you will do well.
Mr. Hatch is most enthusiastic nature lover you will ever meet. However, this meant he talked on an on and class felt extremely long. He made jokes that weren't funny. Nice person but not a great professor. Left most classes feeling frustrated and confused. Took this instead of Bio but regret my decision.
Intro to Bio class: After the first few weeks, I started only showing up for exams. Lecture is NOT mandatory or helpful really... test questions are often irrelevant to lecture. If you memorize answers given to questions in power points and "roadmaps," you'll do just fine.
As a student who went to class, studied, and tried I still found Jay to be a tough professor. His lectures are very long and not that helpful. His tests are literally copy pasted from his powerpoints so study those and you'll be fine. He isn't the best, but the class isn't impossible
Jay is a person with humor, which is good. However, too much humor in a class environment is not really a good thing. At least know that there is a limit. The exams are fairly decent to get a decent score of B or C. Read the textbook and do the online quizzes, then you will do decent in his course.
Jay is one of those people who is so intelligent that he doesn't understand that other people don't get what he is trying to say. He gets off task easily, uses vocabulary on the tests that wasn't explained in lecture, and has a tendency to be condescending. I'm sure he is a great person but not the best educator. Would not recommend this class
Make friends for field quizzes. In class quizzes are hard as hell. Reports are graded relatively easily, just follow the guidelines posted on moodle. He's very passionate about nature and a little goofy, but the class wasn't horrible.
Hard test, useless lectures, easy labs.
Tests are extremely difficult. Lectures are pointless. Labs are basic and simple.
he as a teacher is alright. maybe most of it was my problem (haha) but i wish he would give us slides with info instead of just the group questions cuz that does not help when studying. if u r a good test taker you will do well, if not then well...good luck.lab is 1/3 of your grade but if u fail tests even if u did do well in lab ur grade=bad.
Jay is an honest person, but he pulls jokes that aren't even funny and relevant to the course, which is a waste of my time. He babbles about useless stuff that doesn't even help me and we don't talk about anything from the text we read. He tries too hard to be funny pulling his useless jokes while he neglects to focus on the main point.
I thought class with Hatch would be fun, but I was wrong. Although he is knowledgeable, he has a hard time breaking down theories and concepts to people He is very sensitive and takes things out on people. He also excepts a lot of work for a low level class!
You need to read the textbook preceding lectures to understand them. The exams were somewhat based on lecture material while quizzes were based on textbook material, however method of teaching isn't very organized.
He is passive-aggressive and would actively word test questions confusingly. For example: A test question was shown to have two different interpretations: choose multiple answers or select a correct solution. He said multiple answers is correct. Once the test came back, the question only accepted a single answer. He never gave credit, L.
Tiffin definitely tries to be a good professor, and he is a cool person, but he really struggles to effectively communicate material and answer questions. A huge portion of your grade in this class is determined by a group project, so be prepared for that. Also, exams are worded very poorly, so ask questions if you're confused.
He tries but he is not great at teaching, definitely better at research, and doesn't give very helpful feedback on work turned in. Also handwriting is very difficult to read. However is willing to ask for suggestions and tries to cover what students don't understand.
I did not like this guy at all. Boring. I didn't find his lectures clear and a lot of his test questions seemed completely out of left field. The class should been have been as difficult as it was.
SOOO boring, listening to this guy speak was like pulling teeth. he has a stupid squeeky voice too... do not take his class
The only reason I went to class was for the participation points. It was easily the most boring class I've ever taken at the U. I fell asleep most classes and just didn't pay attention in the others. I still ended with an A-. An upside is that Professor Rougvie seems really passionate about the subject and wants to help her students succeed.
tests are tough.
Fumi really isn't a bad person, he just sucks at teaching. He conveys that he cares about statistics and teaching it quite a bit, he just is not very good at doing so. As others have said, he doesn't explain a lot of topics nor differentiate them from others, and so you are often left to figure it out on your own. If you can, take another class.
He tried his best to teach but most of the time his explanations were very confused and long. I had to work hard for the A, but it is possible.
I took this class my senior year and it was one of the worst classes I had in all 4 years. Fumiaki rambles through statistic test after test with little clarity. I would not recommend this class to anyone unless you have a genuine interest in biostatistics/using R. Try to find a different statistics course that may be more applicable/interesting.
Having had chill professors all 3 yrs of undergrad, my luck ran out w Schottel:( Prof Schottel is not a mean instructor per se- but considering that she's been teaching this subject for abt 40+ yrs, she lost touch as to how difficult learning these concepts can be. If you decide to still take her-READ THE TEXTBOOK CH BE4 CLASS- it'll save ur life.
concepts in the course are easy, but lectures aren't very helpful so look at your textbook to help you out. Tests are pretty difficult. Questions are detailed and specific and sometimes questions asked are on information not found in her lecture notes/slides. Really nice and caring person though.
she gives us review guidelines for the exams but the exams turn out to be pretty detailed specific which I almost never recall talking about in class or being on the slides. she gives us notecards to use on some exams and if this doesnt help with getting an A on the exam, I feel like somethings wrong.
This class is all about the lectures, she moves too fast to take notes during them so you either need to take them before class or directly on the slides using a PDF editor. A LOT of memorization but she gives you a notecard. There's pre-class quizzes plus in-class assignments and stuff just mentioned in class comes up on the exams so show up.
I'm currently in lecture and am doing this because I'm PISSED and also because let's be real her lectures are so bad it doesn't make a difference if I pay attention or not. Only reads her slides and they use very complex explanations of everything. Even if you do understand the slides, she goes through them too fast for you to even take notes.
The test material is taken straight from the lecture notes, and the lecture notes are read aloud by the professor during class. Unfortunately, this makes lectures dry and easy to leave early. Focus on the uploaded lecture notes and you'll do just fine.
Schottel covers ridiculous quantity of material in every lecture. Relatively impossible to keep up in class, and she doesn't do a good job of emphasizing the major takeaways. Attendance=mandatory b/c of clicker ?s. Expects us to know everything on the exam, but sometimes allows notecards. Nice person, knowledgeable, but not an effective teacher.
Very difficult tests with a lot of information required. Mandatory to go to class because of clicker questions.
Tries to engage students, but is soft spoken. Willing to help, but IMPOSSIBLE exams. Memorize EVERYTHING said. Tests are random with drawing figs rxns, matching with infinite possibilites & no partial credit. Other professors have multiple choice exams. Text avgs in the low 60s for her section. Other sections averaged in the 80s. Cummulative final.
For a 3 credit class, there is way too much information expected to know. Her exams are extremely difficult and very long. Even with the slides she puts online for her students to use, it's difficult to understand the material because she used almost all her pictures from a different textbook than the one required for class. She's tough.
Be careful: she talks at a speed that's lightning fast and gets incredibly excited the harder the coursework becomes. Beware of your self esteem after taking tests--know that you're the better person in the deal and keep fighting onward! Good luck :(!
Very inattentive to student needs. Teaches one thing, tests on another. I would never take a class with her again.
Bio is a though class in the first place- be careful in her class. Attendance is mandatory half the time because of quizzes and class activities. Tests are hard. Print out lecture notes and follow along.
Soft Spoken, Boring Lectures
It was hard to stay engaged in her lectures, because she has a monotonous voice. Her slides are really helpful, and she tries to get students involved, but overall, not the best bio teacher... Her tests weren?t too hard but asked random, very specific questions, instead of more broad questions.
Uses powerpoints to teach which is difficult to study from. Tests are Very random. If this was your only class you would probably do well.
This class was horrible, it was so hard, I ended up with a fairly decent grade but be prepared to study at least 2 hours every night to get even a C, Schottel is quick to assume that everyone is a Biology major and knows this stuff already, questions are very nitpicky and difficult. Study the questions at the end of each chapter.
Schottel is probably the worst professor I've ever had. She expects you to memorize the most minute details when she covers 8 chapters + per test. I would recommend ANYONE but her, she's terrible, and extremely boring.
This teacher picks little (not big picture) facts to stick on tests and her lecture notes are next to worthless...and this is coming from somebody getting a decent grade! I would not recommend her. It's like she's talking at you quickly and thinks we get it the first time she says it aloud.
I don't know about this class
No Comments
Very hard class. Two thirds of class failed midterm. So far 50 people have droppd it and its only midtermester. Good luck. Your GPA will need it
Professor Willis a fairly smart and good person overall. Personally hated the flipped classroom and the group projects as I don't feel it helps students retain information nor display their own specific knowledge. Exams are much harder than you would expect for an introduction course, with no curve either. Overall not a positive experience.
Do NOT take BBE2201 if you are looking to get your Technology lib ed credit. I have never had so much busy work for a class. Expect at least 5 hours of work each week. On top of that, they expect you to do two projects that take over 20-30 hours total. If you have any respect for your own time, I urge you to not take this class.
Dr. Schuchardt assumes that you will know most of everything she is teaching before taking this class. This class is extremely difficult and is not set up in a way that is easy to comprehend. It is very easy to get lost and very hard to figure out a way to even ask questions because it is assumed that you know the basics already.
Schuchardt was a bit unorganized and generally all over the place, making the two hour lecture hard to get through. Sometimes had to backtrack to clear up any inconsistencies and to correct herself.
It was very hard to pay attention during lectures and had to reteach myself a lot of the topics. She was not clear in her explanations and not very helpful in answering questions. If you study on your own you should do fine on tests, I thought they were graded very fairly. She is more helpful with the group project than lecture material.
The other ratings aren't kidding. She doesn't respect students and gets upset when they retaliate. She wastes class time talking more than necessary and seems to have trouble speaking concisely She's a very nice person in office hours, but as a lecturer she is defensive. If you put in the work you're fine. She looks for certain words when grading.
Professor Schuchardt was not a great teacher overall. In a large lecture setting she struggled to teach students and focused a lot on pointless activities that did not improve learning. In smaller groups, she was more helpful and knew what she was talking about. However, if you have a choice to take this class with another professor, I would.
Class is way to intensive. I am a really strong student, but this class is just too much. It is VERY lecture heavy. Each lecture is 60-70 slides long and takes hours for each one, bc he goes way to fast. There are quizzes after every lecture several times a week. The info on quizzes isn't even what we learned, and they are timed short. Just avoid!!
York, obviously knows what he is talking about, but he is unable to describe it to people outside of his field. He uses the phrase, "You know" a lot, and then stop going into detail about things specific to the course. honestly this class would not be hard if the guy had a plan. you need to take notes from what he says and what is on the PowerPoint
The class itself wasn't too difficult. You're expected to watch lecture videos twice a week & take quizzes for both sets of lectures. The material comes straight from the lectures; don't bother with the textbook. Exams questions are reused from quiz & practice exam. Professor is hard to reach outside of class/lots of mistakes but is accommodating.
York is not very good at explaining in-depth concepts and he basically reads off his powerpoints. He can be funny but generally he is pretty boring. Also, he tends to be unorganized which can be frustrating. This class requires tons of memorization in order to do well on the tests, which is all that the class is graded on.
The practice exams are nothing like the test. This is the hardest class I have taken so far. You have to literally memorize everything. Do teachers not know we have other classes? I have two other science tests the same week as this one. Get another teacher
York is super knowledgeable, but he doesn't make this class easy to pass. His lectures are not very straight forward and jump all over the place, he shows up to class late and tries to lecture past the time. His tests are ridiculous- 14pgs long, fill in the blank/short answer where you literally must memorize every word from every lecture to pass.
One of the worst classes I've taken! York came in 5-15min late to EVERY lec, then wanted to lecture overtime, literally sat in the chair and used a laser pointer to say exactly what's on the slide. Exams varied in difficulty and weren't like the practice. Need to keep up and work hard for a passing grade, but York is EXTREMELY frustrating!!!
Randy is a really great professor and knows a lot about the controversy, especially because much of his research is on it. I enjoyed the class, and the fact that he didn't read off of slides. Lots of easy readings and assignments but they're all graded for completion. Go to class, and you'll be fine.
Professor Moore...his class is very easy (if you attend lectures and take decent notes you'll easily get an A or a B). That being said, he isn't very helpful if you like to visit office hours, and frankly, he can be kind of rude and sarcastic to students who ask questions in class. He's rather abrasive considering this class is just a lib ed.
One thing to note about Moore is that he doesn't really play by the rules. In my section, he brought up a problem with cheating on previous lecture quizzes, and handled the ordeal with a vindictive attitude, skirting school policy on academic dishonesty. In addition to this, he is generally abrasive and mildly offensive. Proceed with caution.
wow. was blown away by this. told us tests would be easy if we came to class, so that's what i did and still got a D+ after hours of studying. I feel as though I could've skipped class and done the same. lots of that wasn't in our notes whatsoever was on the exam. I emailed him about this and never heard anything back. extremely disappointed.
Listen to every word Moore says and take notes. The most helpful thing you can do to pass this course is TAKE NOTES and MAKE NOTECARDS with the notes. Its hard to understand what is going to be on the tests and what is just for fun or just a waste of time. Lectures were very unorganized and hard to follow, fun professor though, I like him.
Take notes from what he says, not what he writes on the board. He uses an overhead projector, and refuses to use powerpoints. He answers in-class questions with as much sarcasm as possible, and seems to think all college students are motivated by sex and partying, and makes references to both often.
profound lnowledge
this class was the hardest i've taken. definitely HAD to take it other wise would never have. his tests were way too hard and questions on the test nearly impossible. good luck with Randy. (Seems like a nice guy, but very hard.)
Exams are all short answer based on the experiments discussed. Some of the most stressful tests I have ever taken. I wish Lorene understood her students better.
Dr. Lanier makes this class challenging with multiple choice questions on exams that often include "none of the above", "all of the above", or "some of the above." Her lecture slides are terrible, and you won't do well on the quizzes/exams unless you take diligent notes. Lectures are recorded, but if anything goes wrong she refuses to rerecord.
I enrolled in this class anticipating that it would be somewhat similar to nsci1001, however I could not have been more wrong. The lectures are clear but the tests are an insane time crunch and you are expected to remember every little detail about various studies. Not much neuroscience, way too much memorization and, simply unfair grading.
Frankly this class is extremely boring and not at all what you think of when you get excited about learning about neuroscience. First 6 weeks were pretty much just just talking about action/membrane potentials. Dr. Lanier is ok, the material is just extremely boring and unimportant - a (losing interest in neuroscience) neuroscience major student
She loves to throw graphs at you on almost every slide and most of her lectures aren't cohesive at all. She dives into new material without explaining the relevance or big picture. Tough class, be sure to watch lectures on time and go to her office hours because most of her material doesn't make sense. Choose a different prof if given the option.
I did not care for the way this course brought up certain social neuroscience topics. The course was very surface level. I felt like only 25% of the content was new material for me. It was all essay tests. That does not seem like a usual way for me to be tested academically. I would rather have more in depth material w/ better written tests.
Completely obnoxious formatting. I counted the amount of links for 1 week of material and there was 34 links with different slide shows, assignments, etc. It makes it really difficult to keep track of material. They also assign TONS of frivolous busy-work that genuinely makes you go INSANE. I know it's required for CBS so good luck.
I would not take this class again. I am not a biology student, and I took this class as an upper-division elective outside my major (like I am required to do). There is a lot of homework, including several weekly assignments that are very difficult and time-consuming. Homework is due on Saturdays, tests are incredibly challenging and stressful.
Dr. Barker is genuinely a great person and you can tell that he cares about the students. However, his lectures are incredibly dry and very uninspired. His way of presenting slides was stilted and went so fast that it was hard to take notes. Midterm and Final are in person closed note. I would go with Kent Kirkby instead if you have the option.
Herman taught the first half of BMEN2501, and it was okay I guess. Nice old man, but had bad handwriting. Lecture slides were just a bunch of random pictures from the textbook. Overall, a little disappointed with what I'm paying to take this class. Pro tip, do the practice exams.
1, he will use terms that you have not learned to explain the current term learning, 2, he will post past exams but don't give you answers for them (what's the point if i don't know the correct answer??) 3, he reads off the powerpoint, and is UNBELIEVABLY boring 4, his online PPT is in such disorder that i can't find them until i see it in class
The lectures are not mandatory what so ever but she offers extra credit in both the form of clicker questions and after class assessments. I would suggest going to get the extra credit because it will boost your grade at least by a letter grade at the end of the semester. Exams are tough, some are worse than others. Extra credit is vital.
The material was really hard to learn and super in depth. It's hard to understand her and the exams are extremely hard. It would be hard to pass this class unless you are a genetics major because the material is that heavy. Extra credit is helpful but the only grades are the 4 exams. Would not take this course again.
Part way through the semester and I can already tell you to avoid this guy. He is rude and was really defensive when I asked for DRC accommodations... Not sure why he acts the way he does, but he has a super unprofessional and condescending demeanor as many have said on here. Extremely opinionated and self righteous- save yourself the trouble.
Grades were based on weekly reading quizzes and exams. His quizzes were very difficult for me, as they focused on very obscure details from the reading. I emailed him about a potential canvas due date error the first week of class, and his response was very condescending and resulted in me not wanting to reach out for the rest of the semester.
While he seems nice, Professor Conner does nothing to make the class enjoyable. The lectures are terrible and he drones on and on making them very difficult to get through but you need to watch them in order to do well on the tests. Only things graded are exams and quizzes which are all closed note. The material is also very dense and difficult
Exams are really based off of his slides. A pretty easy class overall so doesn't really matter who teaches it. However, Professor Conner's attitude was off-putting and unpleasant; when approached with questions, he often came off as condescending.
Interesting lecturer but not super straightforward on what you need to know. (However, he does have practice exams.) You need to go to lecture! He adds in slides not on Moodle and covers stuff not in the textbook. Homework assignments are hard, and he gives roundabout answers to questions. I always went to the other professor for homework help.
Overall not one of the worst professors but definitely far from the best. Asked for feedback on the homework as I didn't do as well on the first one but he refused to look it over, only answer questions. Also seems pretty condescending when you talk to him. If others are available I'd try them first.
I did not find her to be a very good lecturer and she went through the content very fast. BIOL 1003 requires a lot of group work which I do not like very much. Overall, just an ok teacher.
The textbook is free online. Prescott is kind but the course isn't the best. There's in class assignments every class and you work with the same group for every one. A ton of group work.
She spoke extremely fast during the lecture and clicked through the slides before you can fully understand everything. She is VERY nitpicky when grading.
tests were really hard and specific, and actual material pertaining to the exams were not covered in lecture or other assignments, there is just a lot of assignments so the class can qualify for the civic life and ethics requirement. also, you don't have to pay for the textbook
TA's do most of the grading and are very poor at communicating. They never tell you when assignments are due and the TA has lost two of my assignments. Exams are difficult and don't align well with the readings or lectures- very random content. Class is not organized.
Exams are insanely hard and don't coincide with lecture content. If you skip lecture, your grade will tank because of the graded attendance activities in class. Class uses 'active learning' aka a pointless corse packet that you work in groups to fill out. Dr. Prescott tries to be nice and relatable but ends up coming off condescending asf.
Terrible professor! Never clear about deadlines or expectations. She often didn't lecture and instead gave worksheets, which you need to come to class for. She expected students to come in with tons of prior knowledge, so she didn't teach things that you still needed to know. Tests were nothing like practice exams. I had to teach myself content.
Was not specific about grading for anything or on what she wants you know know for exams. Really have to work to get a good grade. You work out of a course book in groups and she does not give answer keys so if you don't have a way to know if you're getting the correct answers.
Dr. Prescott does not explain things very clearly and the active learning style of the classroom makes you try to figure it out yourself. Tests and quizzes are easy and have detailed study guides. The groups you pick at the beginning are also your debate groups, so be selective as it will matter later on. My group made the class a lot better.
This class definitely needs to be restructured. I warn you that "active learning" is a huge red flag if you see it. For my class it involved doing packet work and worksheets on things we hadn't learned. You were expected to figure it all out and were rarely told what the right answers were. Tests and quizzes are harder than they need to be.
Prescott does not explain concepts at all. Took BIOL 1010 with her which is active learning so there is basically no lecture material and it is all reading the textbook and worksheets. Gives no explanation or direction leaving students confused and unprepared for exams. Exams are sooooo poorly written even if you understand the concept.
Her teaching style is rough and active learning is the biggest joke I have ever encountered. She interrupts every 3 seconds and does not explain things very well. I recommend watching youtube videos in order to do the job that her lecture fails to do. She writes her quiz/test questions in a way that is difficult even if you understand the material.
She will treat you like a middle schooler and she doesn't really explain things well.
I took the online section which I would 1000x recommend over in person. The tests are hard and very specific, the papers are super easy just get to 1,000 words and you're good. Make sure to study for the tests, I found it helpful to go through the lecture transcriptions since watching them is boring. Quizzes and discussion posts are easy.
Lectures are extremely boring and unengaging. Exam questions are straight from the lectures but you have to take very detailed notes.
Everything said previously is true. I read these reviews, went into it knowing how bad it would be, and still made it through. Tests were very picky and I felt didn't relate well (very specific information at times), but still got a decent grade. Try a little, and you'll make it out. Not the best, not the worst. TA's were great, though.
Roon is a completely absent professor in the online class. Lectures were recorded in 2012, exams were probably written in 2012 as well. With that said, studying the powerpoints and class transcripts to memorization will get you a good grade, the exams are all directly from them (don't buy textbook). Expect email responses from Roon in all-caps.
The online curriculum is solid and the work is average(4 exams, no cumulative final, group workshops, and 1000 word essays). Full credit is given on essays as long as you reach the word count. Terrible delivery with monotone and dense 30-60 min lectures. Exam questions are overly-specific, but using the Lecture Reviews will help a lot.
Roon seems like a charming old guy, but his lectures are dry, fast-paced, and not well explained. Taking the class online means two lectures/week, lectures quizzes, group worksheets, and essays. The exams nit-pick for tiny details and examples mentioned in the lectures. No curve, the essays/worksheets are "the curve."
Taking Roon's online course is the biggest mistake anyone could make. His lectures are bone-dry and his exams are extremely hard. You can easily tell that Roon doesn't care about anyone in the class; he never answers any emails and the TA's basically have to run the class. Don't bother taking it if you actually want to learn Biochem.
You know, the class is probably easier than other BioChem classes because there are some essays that are basically graded on completion (so that inflates your grade), but I felt like I did not learn the material very well. Its just hard to follow his lectures online. You need to have a very good O-chem background. OC 1 wasn't enough for me.
Dr. Roon was probably the most dry, boring lecturer I've ever had. However, his tests are fairly straightforward and some are even similar or the same as clicker questions. He's not very helpful when you ask questions, but as long as you memorize the slides, you'll do fine.
He wouldn't be a difficult teacher if he was actually clear with his lectures and slides. I found many of the test questions confusing and unclear. Don't expect your exams back anytime soon. It took months to get my corrected exams back. On the upside, he provides 10 essay questions , 4 of which are guaranteed to show up on the exam.
He doesn't know how to communicate with students, which makes this class difficult for the individuals who take it online. I emailed him countless times with absolutely no response or an informal (not even complete sentence). He is vague about curves and leaves you always wondering where you stand.
Very difficult class with hard tests, be prepared to do a lot of studying. But the lectures are all posted online and that was helpful.
Take the ODL version if you prefer fill in the blank and writing tons of structures and pathways over taking multiple choice exams. Students in the in-class version looked at my tests and had no idea what was going on. Save yourself the headache and take the in-class version with Roon instead!
Do not take this class if you do not have to take it. Take any other course, as the workload equals about eight credits. Many of the midterms are the three days before the lab quizzes. Overall, I do not recommend it, as the workload is ridiculous.
Very boring lectures and the tests aren't the easiest. The quizzes are completely online so you can use all your notes and even the internet so you'll usually get a 95-100% either way. Look over her lecture notes before lecture if you don't want to completely die of boredom.
Biology is hard either way. She's not a bad teacher, but she's not a teacher that has very awesome lectures. I had to take this class either way and only did decent.
Few people showed up to her lectures. I stopped going because I could not focus on what she was saying because it's like she reads in a monotone voice from an essay. Thankfully, she posts all of her power points online, and the text book helps somewhat. Study hard for her tests!!!
Lectures are awful to listen to; probably the worst quality audio I've heard from any online lecture. The class is content dense so be prepared to study. The quizzes, homework assignments, and discussion posts are free points. There are plenty of quizlets online that can help you study for the class along with notecards that Dr. Norrander provides.
All course content was published in 2016 and has not been updated since. Upside?- just about everything can be found on Quizlet. Grading of discussions was super lax, weekly non-proctored quizzes (fill in the blank vocab and true/false), 3 proctored exams (word bank vocab, true/false- if false why?, and long answer), and weekly group problem sets.
Dr. Norrander is very monotone in her lectures and speaks very slowly. Exams are mostly T/F questions but you have to explain in text why if False, and 5 long answer questions based on the problem sets. Write out the problem set questions from each week and go over the flash cards and quizzes to prepare for exams. Very boring and a lot to learn.
She is boring and gives tough tests. Not a terrible workload.
Dr Resnick's lectures were so boring and confusing. I always read the textbook before class and half the time I still didn't know what was going on. Class was so awkward and uncomfortable because Dr Resnick would pick a student who didn't know the answer to her question and ask them other things, trying to lead them to the answers.
Tamar is a really caring professor. She provides very good feedback on long term projects and questions. Her lectures are tiring and she puts the unexpected (material you would not have thought of reviewing) on exams. Her practice exams are okay review but don't expect them to be at all similar to the exam. She's worse than my higher level courses.
No no no no. This is a foundations course and she is teaching cell bio to a deeper extent than biochem courses teach it. She talks fast and nonstop for two hours. She calls on teams and asks them questions they don't know the answer to. Overall, wouldn't choose to take another course taught by her.
She expects a lot from her students. You really have to work hard to understand the content.
Don't take this biology class unless you are doing to do the major. I wish someone told me that. Homework is just one very difficult worksheet, both sides. Lectures are pointless but you need to show up for participation points. In her class of almost 200+ she has assigned "group" seats for everyone. She spends most of the time talking to students
Tests were difficult and answer keys were never provided after the tests had been handed back. Lectures were very long and boring.
Although you're not "required" to go to class, she will make you take a quiz or turn in printed homework during the beginning of class. She talks through the whole lectures without stoping until the end of the period. Also there is only 3 exam for the semester so good luck !
would not recommend
Her lecture slides were often very messy and unclear. Her lecture was somewhat helpful but she would interrogate students that were nice enough to answer her questions. She would often give conflicting advice to students and generally wasn't very nice to students and it caused some tension in lecture.
She's really big on participation and gets kinda mad if no one ever answers her questions. It's essential to read the textbook before lecture because she basically just emphasizes stuff you (should) already know. She can be condescending and is mostly unhelpful unless you EXPLICITLY state what you need. Thankfully Foundations 2 is pretty easy.
Her lectures are way too long and can get boring at times. Her way of teaching isn't very clear and can cause confusion. There is a group project due at the end, and she barely gives any time to work on it in class and expects everyone to consider this project as their #1 priority. When you ask her a question, she is mean and treats you like a kid.
She goes on and on with her lectures, and because this is a foundations of Bio course, there are group projects. Se leaves no time for us to work on them but expects that we complete them without much direction, if at all. When she doesn't see the results she expects, she has rude feedback, treating college students like 5th graders.
Lecture heavy. Lab is repetitive and tests hard. Didn't tell use how to access reading questions at start of semester. You can tell she's passionate in biology and teaching, but its not the most interactive or exciting class. People can struggle in this class, but she drops your lowest grading test+quizzes, which is helpful and appreciated.
Professor Scott's lectures can be confusing at times but it is nice that she does a conclusion at the end of every lecture. The lab part is easy but the tests are very difficult. Make sure to read the book if you get confused in class
The lectures never covered what was on tests & quizzesI had to read the textbook and teach myself to learn anything. Get ready to read if you want to do well.
This professor is the most unsupportive and unhelpful professor ever! She isn't clear about anything and makes you literally learn all the material by yourself. She doesn't lecture and makes you read 30hrs of reading every week not knowing what you just read. The lab of this class was an easy A, but take this class only if you can teach yourself.
Professor Scott is terrible at lecturing. She seems very knowledgeable but she is all over the place and when asked a question, she seems to muddle up the topic even more. Expect to be reading the book and watching a lot of Khan academy to understand the topics. The only reason I pulled off an A is because of previous experience in biology.
While it's kind of flattering that she thinks we have a lot of prior knowledge, the lectures aren't so great. I don't doubt her expertise, but I feel like there's some gaps in understanding in the lectures. Most of the time, lecture material flew over our heads--at best, we have a vague understanding. But not enough to be confident going into tests
Her lectures were essentially useless with ungraded worksheets at the end that were much more difficult than the material she taught. Exams had very specific questions on material that was not emphasized in the class. I got by with just reading the book, but if you haven't taken chem or bio before then this class is probably going to be awful.
Cheryl thinks all of her students are at her knowledge level. Her lectures are not worth to go to because she goes through the slides quickly and barely explains. The tests are the hardest thing I have ever done. She made me want to change my major. Stay away from her. Also she doesnt curve!:)
Scott is probably the worst lecturer I have ever had. SO boring. I stopped going to lecture because her end-of-lecture homework isn't even for attendance or a grade. The tests are difficult, your best bet to do well is just reading the textbook and taking the practice exams. Going to lecture is a waste of time unless you've read the chapter first.
Lecture: She is really hard to listen to because of her scratchy voice, lectures are boring but give you all the information you need for the tests. Just looking over the slides and note sheet that she posts is not enough and you need to literally know/understand everything for the tests lol.
Not the best at teaching, but class is not too hard so getting a good grade is not hard. Material learned is stuff you probably learned in high school bio. Wish she would have gone into more depth with some things.
Professor Scott is an awful professor and I relied almost entirely on the book and the TA's. She does not establish a clear base and instead starts teaching with the assumption that everyone knows the material a little bit already. Lecture quizzes are easy points as well as lab points and the grading was very clear. Barely got the A
I took her for BIOL1009 because she was the only option, and I wish I would have waited and taken it with someone else. Her lectures are hard to follow and are mostly powerpoints with nothing but pictures. Her exams aren't hard if you study, but are nothing like the quizzes or practice problems. The textbook will be your best bet for learning.
Cheryl is a really nice person, but not a great professor. Her lectures tend to be pretty boring, which is a shame because the material is interesting. The monotony of listening to her talk was broken by a group worksheet at the end of (almost) every lecture class.
I basically learned everything from the textbook. I recommend going to all of the lectures and then reading the material she lectured on immediately after. It really helped me understand and made her lectures a lot less confusing. Definitely need to put in the work outside of class. She does provide study guides and practice tests which is nice!
She was my lecturer for the second half of the semester. I gave up trying to pay attention in lecture (she was a bit hard to follow) and just read the textbook after class and did fine. She gives lecture quizzes at strange times, not just at the beginning of class so you can leave afterwards, so attending is important.
Prof Scott is very intelligent, but she has a hard time speaking in a lecture setting. She seems to get stuckjumbled a lot when she is explaining the material in lecture. However, the book is a pretty good read, and the tests aren't too hard if you study her notes and do the practice tests.
Worst class ever. Lectures are long and tedious. Cheryl knows the information but doesn't know how to communicate it- stumbles a lot. Tests are nearly impossible. Get a study group early on. You'll get more info from the book but you need to show up to lectures because of pop quizzes. Good luck and keep up with the readings!!
Not going to lie - this class was difficult, but it can definitely be done. The tests are far more detailed than the lectures. Be prepared to find outside help (online videos, TAs, etc) if you have not taken other bio. Study with groups and read every chapter. If you pay VERY close attention and take notes during the lectures, it will pay off.
Just don't take her lectures. Her midterm of about 11 chapters and 13 weeks worth of class was 90% based on one topic she barely talked about. Her practice test had nothing to do with her actual test. She and her TAs DO NOT communicate. I don't understand anything she tries to convey. Just don't do it. She belongs in a lab, not up front.
Poor teaching skills, very intelligent person, but cannot convey the point well at all. Test are very difficult.
This is my second time taking the course, and she is 100 times better than my last professor. The class in general is very difficult, but she does do a good job in making the material a little more understandable. She does not have the best public speaking ability, but her tests are fair and she cares about what she is teaching.
Bad Teacher, horrible public speaking skills. Very intelligent woman but has a very hard time conveying the point. Goes slowly over the unimportant topics and flys through whats on the test. Tests are hard, and it is almost impossible to pay attention to a whole lecture.
She's incredibly smart, but unable to teach a 1000 level course. Unable to answer questions with clarity. DIFFICULT TESTS and little assistance.
Abosolutely the worst professor I have ever encountered. Lectures were unbearable, unclear, verbose, and fustrating. Do everything you can do to avoid her unless you have a good grasp of advanced collegiate Biolaogy.
Romas is a boring lecturer. Very clear that he is wise in his field, but not very good at teaching. His voice is not pleasant to listen to and he does not attempt to make the topics engaging. I like the concept of this class but I think it spends too much time on semantics. Do not recommend. One plus is the textbook is free since he wrote it.
Lectures were boring, material was more about genetics and less about sexuality, and he wasn't super adept at technology. Prof. Decker would assign so many readings and like an hour long asynchronous lecture every week in addition to the hours of synchronous labs/lectures which was unrealistic, especially since it was a pandemic.
I went into the class thinking it would be interesting, but it was by far my most boring class. I spent most of the online lectures zoning out, but my lab/discussion group was great. I only studied about an hour before each exam and earned C's on each exam. I ended with an A since it was heavily curved w/ COVID. The tests are hard, but it's doable.
Mark Decker is an extremely hard grader. If you don't repeat the exam key word for word, forget about it. The online lectures are easy but his exam questions are on the inquiries that no one remembers covering. He can be very funny, but his big ego gets in the way of him being likeable.
Due to the format of online learning (or possibly in spite of), Decker decided to turn our 2 lectures per week into discussions, and had us watch lecture videos outside of class. I didn't sign up for 2 required discussions; I signed up for just 2 lectures and a lab. What a joke.
Decker is an extremely tough grader when it comes to assignments. He looks for very specific wording, and if it's not exactly what he had in mind it is points off. Reaching out to him did not work, as he restates what he said is right and what you said is wrong. I took definitions from the textbook but he still said they weren't correct.
He's funny! But the lectures are not reflective of what's on the exams - but you need to attend class because of pop quizzes. Read the book (um, memorize the book), and you'll do well.
Very good professor, communicates clearly and has good sense of humor. Uses slides to lecture. Tests are somewhat difficult but he's very understanding of the difficulty and adds extra quiz points and homework opportunities as much as possible to level it out.
Mark was extremely rude to me and my fellow classmates!! I was appalled by how little he tried to help students if their questions didn't relate to his concentration (evolutionary biology). He could honestly care less about how much his students learn and he is just a smart@$$ who is completely full of himself!
I really wish she'd keep topics general instead of asking us to memorize general structures and a bunch of obscure animals alongside it. I know the class includes animals, but she does not generalize. Be prepared to know way too many random things alongside important subjects in this course.
Great person, awful teacher. Really hard to understand, lectures move way too quickly, and the "flipped classroom" format is really bad. She is super nice, but doesn't know how to explain anything that makes sense Also, her accent is super hard to understand
She's honestly just kind of rude, talks to you and treats you like you are a child. Does not seem to understand that we are adults paying to be here and that drawing with fun colors on the whiteboard is not the most effective way of teaching complex biological ideas. Just take AP bio and learn just as much.
The better of the two professors who taught this class since at least Mosser lectured a little bit. Exams were very difficult as it was never clear what the professors wanted, and you would get points off for not including things in your answer that the question did not ask for. The honors component was easy and a low time commitment.
mosser is one of the driest professors I have ever had. She says "umm" between almost every word making her lectures hard to listen to. Exams were tough but if you do the guided inquiries and reading you will do fine.
Mosser should not be allowed to be a professor. It took her almost two months to grade the first long-term project, whereas Brooker took less than a week to grade our second long-term project. Mosser is also incredibly non-accessible outside of class. Myself, as well as 10+ of my classmates have emailed Mosser and receive no reply after months.
She often just rides the coattails of the other professor. She may be smart but her teaching skills are lacking. She often answers questions in a confusing way but can be helpful sometimes.
certified yapper
Overall Deena was a fine professor. That being said, for a lib ed class this class was way too much. There were multiple assignments every week (that were not easy by any means), no study guides for the 4 exams, and basically just dreaded the class as a whole. The lab was also extremely intensive too. For a lib ed class, I would NOT recommend.
The professor is very nice and understanding the class is however very difficult and you are responsible for teaching yourself.
Very annoying and unorganized lectures. PowerPoints overstuffed with information, much of which is never discussed or tested. Very unclear about what exactly you needed to know, so studying was difficult. FYI - Exam averages ranged from 71-77. Book and Lab were where I learned most of the material.
Matthes assumes that students understand content when he explains concepts and forgets that we are beginners and not grad students. he seems in this department more for the research than to actually teach. he does know the content thoroughly. Don't beat yourself up if you ask a question and he looks at you like you're uneducated and behind.
One of my least favorite professors I have ever had. I am a bio major and I love biology and by the end of the course with him, I hated it. He is an expert in his field and because of that is very bad at explain things in a way that students will understand. Will definitely avoid him if I can in the future because I did not enjoy his class at all
Has high expectations for group project and what we'll be able to do on exams. Not necessarily unfair, but definitely high. Didn't seem to work will with his co-instructor, which got in the way of class time & understanding due dates/instructions. Read textbook thoroughly before quizzes & ask questions during GMO project even if it feels scary
Foundations1 is a mess. It's a weed out class and Matthes makes it harder. He's a good lecturer and is super friendly, but the structure of this class is absolutely horrendous. The worst part of this class is the GMO project. There is little to no direction and since he is an expert in his field, he'll make you feel dumb if you don't know something
I had no idea what I was getting myself into with Matthes. He is the toughest grader and shames students when they get answers wrong in class instead of encouraging them. He is way too smart and does not explain well. DO NOT TAKE there are so many other better options.
Dr. Matthes is the hardest professor I have had yet. On the weekly quizzes his questions are so specific and not main course related it makes it impossible to get a good grade. He Is very good at making you feel inadequate when you don't know the answer and does little to help you understand. If you can, choose a different professor for foundations
Honestly Biol 1951 Is structured really weird but Matthes for some reason think we are all genetics majors and makes his portion of the class difficult. Biology is not the easiest subject but he did little to help students understand the concepts he spoke about. Quite disappointed with how he was as a lecturer.
i would never take a class with matthes again. Regardless of how much you study, the exams are always terrible. You will never go over required reading in class and there will be completely random images that you have never seen before in your life. Also if you set up a meeting with him, he probably will forget regardless of if you remind him.
Be prepared to spend A LOT of time on his take home tests. His tests are incredibly difficult. He'll go over topics in class very quickly and expect you to have a complete understanding from that alone. You have to read the textbook beforehand, it's assumed you already have read and understood the text. Make sure to ask for help early!
He's pretty confusing when he gives his "lectures". Tests are pretty hard - know specifics. Made one of my favorite subjects such a hassle.
Took Foundations 1 with Decker and Matthes - maybe wouldn't recommend Matthes. Matthes is a brilliant guy and knows his stuff. He teaches most of the genetics stuff, which is really confusing and often I and others would zone out during lecture. Often people would just give up on his tests because they were so difficult and no one really did well.
There is no feedback, no way to know what kind of grade you are getting. The class structure is confusing which is too bad because this would be a fun class if it were taught like a normal one. Only class I've ever dropped, as the LRQs are basically impossible, and require that you read over 100 pages for each, while still studying the current stuf
Its about a month left, so its a good time to rate him and his class. Be forewarned that your grades will be lower than what you can ever imagine (the class average is B-) but you'll learn a lot from him. He doesnt curve the class, but gives you little extra credits. His class is really hard but if you love science, then he's a person to go with.
one of the most handsome professor I have ever seen. But other than that, he sucks. Extremely hard tests, makes too much assumption that his students understand everything in the textbook, assign too much work for little amount of time. Dont miss a class because you will miss a tone because he goes through everything like a jetski. Stay away !
Dr. Matthes is very enthusiastic about Cell Biology. He loves the subject and would really interest you. However, I didn't like the way he teaches this class. He requires reflections, projects, quizzes, question submission, quizzes before and after discussions, etc. It's just too much work for 3 credits.
Professor Matthes is extremely intelligent and a really great person, however, what I needed from his class was to get the foundations of Biology. His teaching methods are obscenely elevated as if he is teaching an upper division course rather than the introductory one he does teach. So, learning the important information was rather challenging!!
This class is trash. I wasted so much time on assignments and topics that I will never come back to again in my time on Earth as a human. I felt as if nothing I did in this class was relevant to my business major, and cannot believe that I needed to take this class just to get the piece of paper saying that I am done. College is a waste of time.
This class, is so pointless. I feel like the amount of busy-work that is assigned, is an attempt to justify the course content. There is a "why does homosexuality exist, because evolutionarily speaking it shouldn't" week, which was so unnecessary. She talks down to the students as if they were middle schoolers. Not very empathetic either.
Lectures are a waste of time, reads off the slides word for word and adds in irrelevant things. McGraw Hill assignments every class become repetitive. Exams do not really correlate to lecture or online assignments. He is not easily accessible outside of class. He says he likes to see people do bad in the class. If you take, be willing to study lots
Antony Dean is a very lecture-heavy professor. But, the topics you are lectured on are rarely seen on the exams given. I sent him a few emails during the semester and his responses took about a week to receive and they were very basic responses.
Dr. Dean bothers me because his lectures are all over the place, his slides are just full of pictures so it's hard to follow and every class he is broad. The lectures do not help with the tests as they are super specific. The homework is a waste of time since you don't really learn a lot and it is not relevant to the tests much. I wouldn't take him
First midterm had an average grade of 57%, and Dr. Dean said that there is no way that the tests will be curved. Nothing on the lectures are in the mcgraw homework, nothing from mcgraw is on the test(s). The labs will save your grade, so study study study! for the pre and major lab quizzes. If you can take this class w a differernt prof. please do.
Good luck if you end up with Dean... He is really tough and I'm literally typing this in the middle of his lectures. The exams are overly difficult and his lectures aren't very helpful in my opinion. There is a lot of details in the readings too that is mandatory to know to pass. The class average for the first midterm was 65%...
This class was very stressful. There is so much material in the textbook that you see only on the quizzes. I ended up using Quizlet during the quizzes. The tests are very hard and only encompass concepts on the ppts provided. It is a very weird setup. Try not to take this class if you can help it! I don't believe it's the teacher's fault though.
Prof. Dean is a nice guy and really funny, except his jokes about everyone failing actually come true. The test questions are so specific, but based on so much information, there's really no way to study or do well. His lectures are really bad, don't explain anything clearly, and are not even worth watching (just read the book and watch youtube)
Prof Dean literally said in class that his average is a 65% and the biology department's average for BIOL 1009 is a 75%, so he has to curve his BIOL 1009, that's how hard his class is. He goes so fast in lectures you can't keep up with notes. Working extra hard in the lab and the curve at the end of the class saved my grade.
Professor Antony's lectures were very unappealing, and I at times found myself dozing off during lectures. He could work on being more engaging. If anything, make sure you put the time outside of class to absorb the material from the textbook that he goes over the lectures. Lab was easy as all you had to do was participate and do the pre-labs.
Very charismatic and enthusiastic guy, and seems totally cool the first couple weeks of class. However, his lectures soon become extremely long and packed with info. Gives extremely hard midterms with the class average being around 65%. Lab work is pretty easy and is where you have to work to get at least a C. Great guy, not so great professor.
He was not a helpful professor at all. All his slides are pictures, which makes it hard when studying for tests. I would use the book for studying because his lectures don't make sense. He also jokes about failing students a lot, which gets old fast. From how hard his tests are, it doesn't seem like a joke. Take a different professor if you can.
At first, I thought Dean was going to be funny, but his humor got really old really fast. His lectures were super fast and very intense, and he wasn't always super clear on topics, and what we actually needed to know. He gave way too much information in his lectures.
Though he is entertaining and fun like most others have said I didn't learn much from him. This class covers everything I was taught in high school yet for some reason I have a D, like most people in my class. It is very tough and I hope to come out with a C- or higher
If you get Dean highly recommended switching to another section. Does not teach you in an understandable way and has really hard quizzes each class that basically everyone gets a D on. Gives you absolutely no materials to go off. My grade was terrible the whole time he taught. Scott is a saving grace and the only reason anyone passes that class.
I wish I could skip lectures and take that time to read the text book on my own. Pop quizzes in class so lecture mandatory. I find him funny but that doesnt help my grade. He tells people to just study slides for exams. Do that and youll fail. I havent learned anything from him, only the book and online resources. Good luck, youll need it.
Professor Dean was extremely hard to learn from. His lectures include information that is way more in depth than you would ever need to know for the class, and his pop quizzes consist of three extremely hard questions. Got one wrong? That sucks because now you just got a D. You pretty much have to read the textbook and teach yourself the topics.
Pretty rough overall. His lectures were okay but notes were very scatterbrained and impossible to go over later/use for review. Thought is was hilarious that the class average was so low. Didn't have office hours and wasn't available for extra help.
This class was quite difficult for a basic biology course. I felt as though I had to teach myself the whole way through. The lectures had minimal content that doesn't really help for the tests. As much as I would've like to skip the lectures, there are lecture quizzes every now and then, so beware.
For some reason I did not like Professor Dean that much. He was funny but did not use a microphone and I found it hard to pay attention for 1.5 hours. His slides are clear but he does move fast sometimes and tests can be difficult. I read the book and went to lecture but still managed to not do awesome on the tests. He is not too helpful.
Lectures we fine, tests had information on it that I didn't evfen know to study. No study guides or anything, claims to just look at lecture slides - but that isn't enough. the detail of the slides is minimum compared to what he expects you to know. his jokes are okay, but the tests.. he just expects too much for what he gives you.wouldnt recommend
Going to lecture was pointless. His tests are pretty hard and specific.
His tests DO NOT come from lecture...so u have to read the book :-(
No Comments
No Comments
Keith knows his stuff, but sets unrealistic expectations for the class. Make sure to know the vocab because if you dont use certain words on exams he will take off points, even if you answer the question correctly.
Keith likes to hear himself talk. He is very full of himself and not a pleasant person to talk to. His exams are a bit difficult, but, more importantly, as a person, he sucks. My opinion matches the majority of people in this class.
Nice guy but made the class more difficult than it needed to be. Very lecture heavy and tough questions. Other professor for this class may be better.
Prof Somia was a great person. Just not a good professor. Lecture heavy and it's not engaging. He has quizzes every lecture which made attendance mandatory. Ran into a lot of technical issues. Super difficult grader for homework. Highly recommend sticking with the textbook and the questions on there! Make sure to pay attention to each small detail.
He is a nice guy- but his lectures are terrible. All the quizzes and tests are open notes, but still, somehow the class averages were around 60. Choose a different professor!!!!
While I think Nik is a smart prof, teaching this class is not his calling. Lectures are dull, group work is horribly organized, bi-weekly quizzes are (usually) easy points but the multi-chapter exams are unnecessarily specific. It is a passable (and material heavy) class for sure, but its a struggle if you're looking for a top grade.
If you want to learn genetics, teach yourself. He read off of powerpoints that are posted online, but you'll still need to go to class for clicker points and quizzes. Look at the questions at the end of textbook sections and do all of the problems in the group work, because they'll show up on basically all of the tests. Very dull class overall.
Nikunj is a nice person and a concise, respectable lecturer. A large portion of BIOL 2003 is group work. Unfortunately, he never made the guidelines for group projects clear and rarely provided good feedback. Feedback on project updates was given AFTER the final version of the project was due, but grading of the final version did not consider that.
His lectures were very disorganized. We had a packet that we had to buy from the bookstore. Every lecture we would jump around sections from it, and that was how we learned the content. There was no clear expectation of what we were supposed to know, we just had to study the activities that he barely actually talked about.
He was rude to students in class if they asked questions and his exams had random hyperspecific pieces of information on them. Overall could've been better could've been worse but I would just take someone/something else.
He doesn't really do lectures and when he does they are super confusing and jump around, not really knowing what to write down. Only tests are graded so hopefully you do well on those. Also there are activities to do but he never teaches the content or gives out answer keys. Basically you learn the course through google.
Actually so terrible. Expects a lot from his students with very little guidance and expects students to find the answers on your own. This is a beginning level course but is much closer to a 3000 level class. Would not recommend this class or professor.
He's too lazy to make a proper study guide for assignment and expects students to teach themselves during lecture. He talks for like 5 minutes and the rest of class is group work. Don't take this class if you don't have to. I never post reviews but whoever is reading this, don't take this class. Spare yourself.
Thinks he is revolutionizing the classroom by handing out packets during class and having the students try to answer the questions with no previous knowledge. He preaches more than he actually teaches.
Most annoying teacher of my life. He pissed me off every day I came to class, but he knew what he was talking about. I think he created as much homework and tests as he possibly could because I think he thought this was the only class we had for the college semester when along with the work for his class you have stuff for 3-4 other classes..
I took this class to get out my biology with lab done & took it pass/fail. THIS CLASS IS HARD! If you don't need to take it DONT! Jensen is a real nice guy but if you are looking for a class to get you lib eds done DONT PICK THIS ONE and if you do consider taking it pass/fail. Exams were extremely hard (for us non science people).
Confusing, can not explain clearly.
I'd have to argue with one of the entries in here. I don't feel that she was biased at all. I think she graded very fairly. However, she is very hard to follow and it's difficult to stay awake in her class. She will help, but you have to ask her.
Intro to linguistics-difficult to begin with, only made it harder. Those who couldn't understand the material stayed lost.
The class was supposed to be easy; however, she made it hard. The element of bias was the case in the class due to the small amount of students in class. She knew who wrote which paper and it reflected on the grade. I would not recommend her!
I found him to be a bit of a self important man who more liked to prove his knowledge on things than to make sure that you were following what was going on. He was rude at times, and only liked when people read a text the same way as he did.
He was very "all over the place". I felt as though my IQ dropped the second I walked through the door. I learned more about writing, but it was a very hard course.
I dropped the class the first day because he really liked to hear his own voice and seemed not to respect his students.
Tough, but made me a better writer.
Dr. Clayton chose the three (arguably) worst Shakespeare plays for this course. Greek tragedies that are widely regarded as difficult and obscure. I dreaded the class, mostly for the mandatory "Presentation Paper" that was read aloud to the class and then chastised by him. He gave scathing feedback and did not apologize. Thankfully, he's retiring.
He clearly has a passion for Shakespeare and I took this my 1st freshman semester. It was a 1000 level course but MUCH harder than my other courses at this level. You have to go to class every day and there are daily quizzes. TAs grade your papers and it's impossible to receive higher than a "B" on the papers. Not sure if I'd recommend this class.
Rude on several occasions. He would rather argue that you shouldn't be asking than answer a question - a pain when it comes to his staggeringly convoluted paper/exam instructions. Daily quiz questions are unpredictable and often difficult to ace. Harsh grader, and has bizarre priorities in grading. Avoid altogether. The class isn't worth it.
Very intelligent, BUT extremely rude to those who have viewpoints other than his own. Closed-minded. Avoid this prof. if you can.
If I hear how easy Princeton was despite his having never having gone to class I will puke. Person below me: he'll like that part about not taking his class if you don't like reading. He imagines himself as the only real reader in the country. If you ever wanted to turn a piece of beauty into a math equation: take Prof. Treuer. It's painful.
No Comments
Students grow frustrated with her because they find it difficult to learn and ask questions in her class. She is a bit condescending if you do not know what is going on and she has a manner of making you feel like a complete idiot if you don't know the answers. if you have to take 3601, find a different professor.
Hardest teacher on campus. Avoid at all costs. Pray you have a good TA. Questions are met with hostility and attitude, which is the opposite of a good teacher. Interesting topic, awful instruction.
She is a very nice person but her teaching is very off. The class is only based on 4 exams and that is it. She is very hard to understand because she speaks mainly french. Hard to learn English from someone you can not understand
Extremely unorganized lectures that have no flow, rude to students, intrusive and invasive - worst teacher I've ever had. Requests that students ask questions just so she can "tell you you're wrong" - refuses acknowledge that anyone has a point beyond hers.
The only good things I can say about this class were the T.A. and the textbook. I found the 3 hour lectures painful to get through. She gives homework assignments with no answer keys and I found the questions on the test unclear at times. If you're required to take this class as I was, I wish you luck.
Professor didn't seem to understand when students talked, and vice versa. Surprises on her exams. Bigger surprises as writing project devloped new guidelines throughout year. She grades easily on paper, though. Lost control of lecture to stupid questions and much of lecture was redundant of past lectures.
Shes a smart woman....and boy does she know it.
Very eccentric, a bit difficult to understand with her French accent. But, I found her to be an easy grader, very open to freedom of speech. The books she recommends are worthless for the final, though. Attractive for her age.
Prof. Escure was at times difficult to understand but had a lot of knowledge on her subject. The class was rather disorganized, though, and this caused many students to lose focus and become distracted.
I did not have a good experience with this professor. She was the English chair and this class was an interdepartmental honors course, and the two did not mix well. She was disrespectful and insulting at times. She expected us to write papers with our original ideas, yet it wasn't right unless she thought it was. Papers were impossible.
Worst professor I have ever had. She tries to lead her lectures of over 250 people like a small discussion. Unsurprisingly, it doesn't work, and she gets frustrated and seriously insults her students. I found her extremely disrespectful and don't believe she sees students as people. It's relatively easy, but not worth the cost of tuition...
Paula's lectures were fairly boring...She had the TAs do all the grading in Mult.Lit because there was like 250 in the lecture. Her lectures don't relate very much to the papers but I guess I didn't really mind it because I got an "A." If you're going to take her class, make sure you go to the TA often to have him/her check your paper.
Boring lecturer, rarely had relevant points. Books were good to read, but she was not fun to listen to. Also, she often missed class because of traveling, et cetera.
She is REALLY random and so it really difficult to get anything out of her lectures...which is why it is so boring to go to them. She definetly knows her stuff and I like how she is very opinionated and says some really off the wall stuff. I also like that we don't have to drag around an anthology!
she is boring, and her lectures are random ramblings but have a few good points in them.
Rediculously hard. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. You will fail. he is a nice guy but he gives out bad grades. you will learn but you will fail
He gives out a lot of work (an assignment every class period) :(, I personal hated the class, but what do you expect from freshmen comp.I wouldn't take another class with him, its really boring, I LOVE ENGLISH <3, I just hated this class. Take the class, it might be good, but I know I won't :)
Boring. Easy A. Enough said.
Has only the desire to hear his opinions reciprocated. Does not care about you or any insight you may bring to the class. You must tell him exactly what he wants to hear, or else! Also, he is a very tough grader, just for the sake of grading tough. It's almost like he has something to prove as he gives you a B with a smirk on his face...
Ugh, so boring. I found myself doing the Daily crossword puzzles in his lecture until he caught me. Then I had to resort to napping. Tangents, boring. Papers, boring. Although a really nice man, he just isn't cut for teaching squirrely 20 year olds.
If you enjoy useless tangents, then this is the teacher for you. To do well, you have to regurgitate all his opinions and interpretations in papers and tests, and if you don't then you WILL fail. This guy doesn't further your knowledge, he just gives you a grade at the end of the semester.
Shakespeare. Luke was boring & went off on an unbelievable amount of tangents. I was forced to take this class @ the University level after having taken it at Normandale-I learned 3 times as much there. His grading is inconsistent & he does not tell you what he wants from you in a paper/test.
Goes of on random tangents, rambles on sometimes. Nice guy, not a great teacher.
I found Prof. Luke's lectures to be both boring and depressing, and although he chose interesting literature to teach, his point-of-view made it all seem dark and dreary. If you love literature, find a different professor.
American Poetry Since 1900 (but not really)Maria's perspective: Jewish/Feminist/Marxist. Focus: only on outsider poets, the disenfranchised, the other, the protester. Knows her stuff but not always well organized. Student focused and positive. Student presentations of poets they chose a big part of class time. $155 in books. Fun/frustrating mix.
Maria is a sweet person, just not a very on-the-ball professor. We ended up not reading 3-4 poets on the syllabus because we ran out of time. Most of the classes felt like a waste because no real issues were brought up and it was absolutely not necessary that you read before class.
Not that good of a prof. She was very knowledgable about the topics, but a terrible lecturer. She'd ramble on and on and would be surprised if no one responded when she'd ask questions. In sum, she'd have her teaching moments, but for the most part, the class was a waste.
Could be seen as eccentric and fun, but I found her to be rambling and self-important and boring. The main thing, though, is that she was rude in the correspondence I tried to have with her...not helpful at all, didn't seem to care about me as a student. Saddening, really.
Shirley is the reason I have given up on undergraduate studies. I had hope, coming into college, that I'd improve my GPA by having professors whose lives are utterly devoted to their subject--not so with her. I loved Shakespeare at one point and she has destroyed even my love of reading his plays. I absolutely hated the way she taught.
Joe is alright. He seems very nice and wants to help. Everything in this class is very boring but very straight forward. This class is very strange and expect lots of group work with others about somewhat controversial topics. Overall, it was nice that this class covered two writing credits but it was super boring as everyone is behind a laptop.
This class and the way it is taught is so strange. It has almost nothing to do with agile so avoid if you want to learn about that. 4 large assignments done in a group about crisis management topics (why??). Grades them really easily. Can be hard to keep on track since schedule is so vague.
Easily the worst class I have ever taken. Assignments are horrible and long. It's all just busy-work. He's very unclear and unreliable. For a professor who teaches an online class, he is absolutely terrible at answering questions. I would definitely not recommend him or this class to anyone. I have never dreaded a class more.
Dr. Moses had very useful feedback and usually provided helpful videos. However, the workload was too high for an online class. There is a lot of useless busy work. Also, he can be very good about responding to emails, however, when he gets busy with other things your need for help is forgotten (he is bad at multi tasking). He is a fair grader.
This guy is such an easy grader. He is really tough on you when you are editing and likes to call people out in class, A LOT, but when it comes down to grading its a joke. He never really has a clear answer for what he wants you to do but thats ok because he's such an easy grader.
He contradicts himself all the time on the guidelines for the papers, at first he was awful and very frustrating, gets better and the class gets easier as it goes on, definantly go to office hours!!!!!! you then know what to write and pretty sure he boosts your grade just by going, he is a very interesting man though and has a lot of knowledge
Not clear on what he wants in the papers. Also, there is no variety in the papers written in class, they are all research papers. The attendance was required, but he just made busy work and never ended on time. Wasted alot of paper and ink in this class!
African American Cinema and Art History was combined with two professors. The dynamics between Wright and Silberman were very strange. They talked about film like the class knew every director, film, and actor they referenced. They made confusing references that made no impact to my learning. The material was dry and boring. Midterm is impossible
He is brilliant but he can't teach.
He never stays on topic. His lectures are not helpful because he doesn't get around to the actual text until 10 minutes before the end, which makes writing a 2500 page paper at the end of term very difficult. I took the class hoping to learn about Milton, and I feel as though I have barely inched away from where I was four months ago.
Very smart man, off topic...yes, but I learn in his course. Also, he is very endearing and his class is fairly easy to get through, he's quite a soft grader. As long as you come to class you will do alright by him.
nice old man, but doesnt stay on topic, class SO boring bc he just jabbers on.
He loves to hear himself talk. His "discussions" were and hour and 15 minutes of rambling with the occational student interruption. He changed the format of the class a number of times and expectations were not clear. Very smart man, though. He knows a lot, he just doesn't teach well.
mr. bush is an intelligent person but he failed to really connect with the students in terms of material...but to do that he might have to only discuss celebrities and sports...
He is a horrible teacher! A HARD grader and BORING teacher. Avoid having him as best as you can!
He was a really hard grader, and basically told us it was nearly impossible to get an A on a paper. The papers are fairly basic, and I really liked how there was always a rough draft due a week or so before the final draft, making complete procrastination impossible. He usually wasn't extremely clear with his expectations, however.
Worst teacher i've ever had. He sometimes assigend readings, then not lead the discussion about it. After 2-3 days of talking about it we would never use that reading again. He would also flirt with the hot girls in class all the time. Do not take this class with him if at all possible.
worst english teacher ive ever had. he is lazy and doesnt do anything.
ugh.
Just do yourself a favor and dont take any of his courses...
Pretty easy class, all you have to do is read the selections before class and say a thing or two each class period and do well on the final paper (which is worth 50% of your grade) and its an easy B class. Each time you miss class is a 1/3 grade deduction so be careful! and she doesnt take attendence each time to keep you on your toes.
Took his class for an easy writing intensive credit and it was the complete opposite. He expects too much from his students and even though its an intro level writing class. Incorporates his own political beliefs into his lectures and overall sucked as a professor. Take the extra credit if he offers it, trust me you will need it
She may be a good writer but this grad student is not happy teaching.
;
Little regard for her students on an emotional level but she seemed knowledgable and legitimately can help a person who is struggling with writing. I wouldn't recommend her but I also wouldn't avoid her.
No Comments
How can she teaching english without knowledge in Language. She is really poor to teach and hard to understanding.
She likes to ramble on and on about things that have nothing to do with the lesson. Gives very vague assignments and grades incredibly harsh. If you have her, I suggest you drop while you still can.
She appears to be a wonderful, funny woman, but her essay prompts, guidelines, and grading were very vague. Also, her grading was steep for a three credit course, much less, a freshman seminar. I would've enjoyed the class more if there was more engaging discussion, as well as more clearer expectations for the assignments.
She grew up with the woman who wrote the book WASTED, and in my opinion Amy made some disparaging comments about eating disorders, a thing not to be taken lightly on a college campus. But of course most people laughed at her jokes anyway. Poor leadership.
She is highly structured and will benefit those who need to learn very basic terms and historical theory for writing very basic, banal, boring papers that a research U wants students to churn out like robots. You'll go through the motions like a work drone, but you won't be inspired.
Amy is a grad student who teaches introduction to American Literature. She forgets this fact and runs her class as if it is the last course you will need to get a Ph.D. in literature. Pop Quizzes are tough and she is obsessed with poetry. She is also paranoid with following the CLA grading scale so dont expect an A unless your buddy has an F.
Amanda seems like a great woman, but wasn't always organized. The freshman writing class was ridiculously easy, however. Be prepared to watch talledega nights.
I think she knows what she's talking about; she just needs a bit more practice and to become more comfortable in the teaching environment. She's a bit hard to understand at times and isn't very good at reading aloud, but I believe she'll get better with time.
hot hot hot hot hot!!! yow-zah! seriously, though, you better know English grammar and be prepared to do your job as a student before you take this guy's class
Take the class for the grade, not necessarily to learn the most about literature. Only 2 papers, but both midterms were essays. TAs do all of the grading (graded harshly on the first paper, but allowed rewrites). Professor is very technologically handicapped, many students did not like her. Disappointed with the class, but it filled a requirement.
Professor Tinsley's lectures are very boring and she rushes through powerpoints without covering all the information. Also, the books read within this course are very boring and dry. The course also at times attempts to portray the U.S. as a ruthless country with no morals. Overall, I just totally advise everybody NOT to take this class!
This class was enjoyable and she was a good professor. The lectures were interesting but completely unnecessary to go to. We only had to write three 3 page papers and a final 5 page paper which was very easy. She picks books that are enjoyable to read and that she is passionate about.
You had to write too many papers. At least one new essay a week. Then you had to go back and revise essays. If you like to write a ton, then this class is for you.
I thought this class was stupid. I cant say I learned anything about how to write in this class that i didnt already know from high school. thinks everyone cares about how "language matters" (his words) and makes you read boring topics like how people learn writing. WHO CARES!
This professor is arrogant and extremely unhelpful. He turns simple questions into a way to make his students feel inferior. Instructions for papers are vague and he is biased toward grading: he admits that he will give a better grade for turning in a lot of not so great papers as opposed to one really well done paper. Take if you like aggravation.
This instructor seems to have an ego, which makes class difficult to sit through. He is a good example of how older instructors may be beneficial.
Not half as interesting as some have said.
are you kidding? horrible TA
I agree... avoid her at all costs.
No Comments
Adam is an extremely nice professor, he is fun and connects well with his students, but his expectations are very unclear. He is incredibly intelligent and doesn't always "dumb down" material that is very new and confusing. My opinion on 3001W is mixed: I disliked the class but enjoyed him as a professor.
probably not a bad instructor overall, but in the WRIT 1301 attached to the service and sociology FIG, she's HORRIBLE!! essay prompts that would make a journalism major nauseous. always overly critical with the comments she leaves on your returned essays, makes you want to give up on writing forever. would NOT recommend.
The service learning component of the class was the only thing that made the course worth while. Kris is very passionate but struggled to motivate our class. Went in during office hours to get feedback on a paper and she points out what is wrong with little reason why or how to fix the paper. She is nice overall but a little dry in lecture.
She really wasn't much help and if you don't answer questions based on her opinions, she is a really tough grader. The class really wasn't related to "making a difference in the lives of young people" and she is not very good at answering questions. In my opinion, I really didn't learn much from this class.
She was nice and understanding, but her class was confusing and she did not help as much. When students asked her to clarify something, she didn't make sense. She is a hard grader, and she does not give you feedback much about what you should improve on in the class and on your essays.
I did not enjoy her class at all. She is not understanding when you miss class for legit reasons. Toughest grader i've ever had, essay I wrote about my mom I got a C on and brought other people to tears with it. Don't take her as a teacher, I wouldn't advise it at all!
She is a very kind instructor. However, it seems that she isn't very comfortable with talking in front of students. Her explanations aren't always clear. She is quite a tough grader and I feel that it is super hard to get an A on any essay you write. However, she isn't the worst, she's just difficult. Get ready to work.
I had her as a writing instructor and did not like her. She is rude and takes pride in being so: it is noticeable that she does. She is a rough grader. It is as if she thinks she is going to get in trouble for giving good drades (even when deserved).
Very monotone. As another rater wrote, it's her way or the highway. The class could be very interesting, if only she changed her instruction style and was more open to other suggestions.
He Brings great energy to the class! Very passionate and professional. His style caters to most hipsters, most girls and everyone who drinks coffee. However, I found him to be very transparent and after awhile he was unbearable. I dropped and took the class with another prof. Ive never had a 180 like this, hopefully you enjoy him more than I did.
Overall, I did not learn anything from Joe's WRIT 3562W class. The content seemed beyond pointless simply because most of it was either useless information or it was common sense. Because of this, the class was fairly easy. HOWEVER, this was an online class and, he was not flexible AT ALL as far as the mode of instruction if you don't have Word.
Professor Holt is a good teacher, however a VERY hard grader. He does not explain what he is looking for in assignments and is not very helpful when asking questions. Don't get me wrong-he is a cool person, just makes class much harder to get in A in than it needs to be.
She let me hand in something late and got full credit. Lots of Papers. There is a final paper and project with presentation. She likes to have everyone there in class. It is hard to keep up if you miss alot of class. I missed on class and did not finisl my final paper because the class has lots of points.
Professor Blake gives out A LOT of busy work. Claimed to be apart of her successful process for writing, but it gets to be a little ridiculous. Expect a lot of homework. The first week's reading response took me at least five hours to complete. Not very clear with directions, but if you ask questions she is willing to help. Set up one-on-ones!
She gives you more work that more time than other teachers. Boring and seems to take points off on daily assignments for no reason. If you can avoid taking her I would, but if not participation is very important.
Worst professor ever. I switched out the first week when it took me 9 hours to complete an assignment for the next class meeting which was only worth 10 points. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
Don't take this class. Unless you want to work twice as hard as anyone else taking Writ 1301.
Drop this class. Seriously. You will work so much harder than anyone else taking university writing and you probably will not get an A. Don't let a 1xxx level course mess up your GPA your first semester of college! She talks down to students and makes you feel stupid and takes off points for absolutely no reason on all rough drafts, costing you big
She's a very challenging professor. The course I took was a writing course, and all the reading was based on immigration. She expects a lot of her students, and doesn't understand that we just aren't at the level of writing like someone with a PhD in writing.
Unconfident and not well explained. Makes assumptions and thinks whatever is going on in her head is going on in everyone else's head. Least liked class by far!
No Comments
He's not bad...but he's mainly a speech teacher. That's the problem. Speech and writing are different things. Also, he's not very clear as to what he wants out of the papers. His outlines are vague and honestly not very helpful.
Nice guy but terrible teacher. Very little work assigned but changes due dates and assignment requirements frequently. Very wishy-washy, rarely gives a straight up answer to question. NO LESSON PLAN, nothing is accomplished in class but attendance is mandatory. Don't take a class with Keith if you actually want to improve your writing.
Joseph was probably one of the worst teachers I have ever encountered. I really enjoy Shakespeare, but he made every class miserable to attend. Most of our time was spent "translating" Elizabethan text into "normal English." I had better instruction in 9th grade of high school than in this upper level course. DO NOT SIGN UP FOR HIS CLASSES!!!!!
Professor Hughes was a great professor! He was very entertaining in lectures and you could tell he had an enormous passion for Shakespeare. There were no tests in his class which was a plus, but he sometimes had pop quizzes over reading material that were worth a couple of points. Tough grader on essays though!
Easy grader, never gives any assignments back. You ask questions and he tells you to google it. Doesn't really tell you what he wants on assignments but if you don't make him mad your going to get at least a B. Easy but not helpful, if you can handle not knowing your grade at all or getting assignments back then you'll do fine.
I had Michael and Meg for ENGL4711. Meg was good, butMichael rarely had a lesson plan, scrolled on his phone during classes, did not have clear grading criteria, and did not give feedback on assignments "out of principle." The class did not teach me muchok for an easy Abut Michael's incompetency mixed with arrogance made me dread going to class.
Unorganized and confusing. She deliberately does not put the required books in the school book store (you must order them online, or buy them from a book store away from campus). If you are going to be absent, or have a printing issue, you are REQUIRED to turn in a hard copy, and emailing completed homework or papers is "not acceptable".
This class was a waste of my time. I didn't feel like I learned anything at all. The group discussions are poorly facilitated, and we barely get to talk about all of the reading assignments in depth. If I wanted to skim these texts and do brief analyses, I could do that on my own. This course could be good with a different professor.
She seems to think she's teaching a high school level English class rather than a 3000 level course required for English majors. Class times involves lots of group work, elementary reviews of how to write papers, and note cards she uses to force people to speak in class. Not a great environment for open discussion.
he is a hottie for sure. rambles a lot about philosophy and other things that dont directly connect.
Tinsley is a good prof but doesn't know how to condense her words on powerpoints, which is annoying. Take notes selectively. She tests more on concepts than facts from the books you read, so if she goes over a bigger idea/symbolism, pay attention. She cancelled class like 4 times when I had her, which was nice. You also watch movies frequently.
Discussion is interesting, but his questions are VERY leading. He wants discussion to go ONE way, but his questions ARE NOT CLEAR. Discussion fumbles about until the students take it over. HARD grader, but good comments
Super tough grader! If you don't want to ruin you GPA, be sure not choose his class!!! His lecture are super long and dry. He just repeats the content from the reading you have to do before class, which is unnecessary. Even if he finishes his lecture early, he wouldn't allow you to leave you classroom. He rarely gives you comments on your paper:(
Not a bad teacher. But I won't recommend him to anyone. Because it is too hard to get an A. Try other teachers, there are some much easier sections for both native and non-native speakers.
His teaching is fair. But he has extremely tough grading rubrics, much tougher than native speaker teachers. Avoid him at all cost if you care about your GPA. Many students paid really huge effort but still receive disappointing grades.
He is a good guy, but sometimes it seemed as though the information taught was not pertinent at all to course work.
While I feel like Andrew has a lot of knowledge on the subject, the class was so poorly organized it seemed like it was thrown together at the last minute. But the content was pretty interesting overall, and as the semester progressed it got better. As far as writing intensive classes go, this one is pretty easy.
I thought Andrew was a good professor he always encouraged students to attend his office hours. He is a fair grader and the class was not to difficult if you came to class and took notes. Class was mandatory. I would recommend because overall the class was easy if you attended and participated.
Her class was out of like 110% or something so you could breeze your way through and still get an A. It was a total joke and a waste of time. During those two hour lectures, we did nothing accept go in a circle and make up crap that we "thought" about the reading. If you talk like twice during the semester, she'll give you an A for participation.
Her class is fun but at times seems childish. Not terribly difficult.
Based on my experience, I really cannot say that Sally is very helpful for the non-native students. I didn't receive some useful advise from her, sometimes I was confused with her instructions. She loves "About a Mountain" which book make me sick. And she is crazy with the attendance rules that 3 late (even 1 min) will decrease 10% of your grade.
Amy is a really horrible teacher. Do not take her. She does not answer questions, and her grading is super confusing. She will give you a bad grade but continue to tell you how you did the assignment correct, but not what you did wrong. Her teaching style is weird and frustrating, and even if you put in all the work, you still won't get an A
This guy is straight out of hardcore academia. I was taking a basic writing course, and it was insanely more difficult than it should have been. His criticisms are so deep, constant, and abstract, it's impossible to understand and even harder to succeed. If you sign up for his class, youll get 5 times the work with not even half the payoff.
Will ask the class questions just to hear someone say what she's already thinking. Her lectures on the texts are unimaginative and often boring. She should really stick to writing classes only, because the literary lectures were a disaster. She is good, however, at helping with writing, especially research papers. If you can, don't take w/ her.
Not a big fan. Ashley is an alright teacher, but she has such a particular teaching method that in any other form of learning it would not make any sense. Contradicted a lot in her grading.
Pretend to be helpful. Fake. Try to be sexy but look ugly and mannish. Do not reply emails. Mean. Aggressive. Trash-talking. Lazy. Tell you your presentation score after final. Only talk to students she likes. What a Beech.
I did not like this class. Papers were pretty much on the exact same topic every time. So by the end of the semester when the final paper was assigned, there was nothing to write about. He was a nice guy, but the class material was just so boring.
Don't even bother sharing your opinion even if he asks. He doesn't think anyone is right but himself. He's nice enough but I would recommend switching professors. He assigns a lot of work for a freshman writing class.
He tries to be cool and be the student's friends but he is unclear on what he is looking for in essays and it seems as though there is little preparation for the essays. There are quizzes every week and the final isn't an essay it's a cumulative test.
Professor Pigozzi often provided vague and conflicting information on assignments. Page minimums in class, on the rubric, and on the class website would often be conflicting. Most of the homework was just short busy work writings.
He likes writing studies and he makes sure that you know it, Sometimes it doesn't seem like he's speaking English. He is a hard grader and the feedback that he gives you doesn't really make much sense. He writes out really long descriptions of what he wants in the paper that I don't feel like actually give you any direction. Would not recommend.
He's a really nice guy but his class was pretty average. He takes forever to grade things and he tends to ramble. He spends a lot of time talking about stuff that doesn't really apply to the class which makes the class more interesting but it doesn't help with assignments. He doesn't care if you're on your phone or computer which is nice.
TO be honest he is trying. He is a nice guy and wants to be able to teach, but he assigns so much homework and the homework is so vague that you have a 75% chance of doing it wrong. You are required to pass this class, don't take it from him.
Terrible class, when I told my friend what we had to for our papers he just laughed and said what the hell we dont have to do that. Bomi creates her own curriculum and assigns completely unnecessary work thinking that it will help her students with their papers. This class was way more work than what it should have been. She also very boring
This class was fairly difficult. She would vaguely explain how she grades, but go out on a tangent about how one person in class would get a perfect grade and thats all. One to one time was a bit better than having her talk before the class.
Although I learned new types of writing and learned how to write a research paper which will be helpful in the future, I found this class very hard. She doesn't do a great job of explaining what exactly she wants and I found it impossible to get an A on a paper. I would say I'm a fairly strong writer, but even this class was a lot of work.
If you're taking freshman writing DO NOT sign up for her class. I did well on all of her assignments and papers and basically aced the class but because of her 50% weight on the last paper I dropped a whole letter grade. She's very unorganized and the in class part is a waste of time (mandatory tho). nice person; bad professor.
I spent most of my class trying to decipher what Joe was even trying to teach. He struggled to use technology, many of his links didn't work until days after he had posted them and someone complained. He was late to class by 45 minutes and still expected everyone to show up. Worst of all is that he would take points off assignments for correct work
On the final day of class you still had no clue what your grade would be. Papers due every time class met (it was a writing class but still) and none of them were graded. Lectures tended to be all about him rather than making students better writers.
The worst. Doesn't realize that students have other things to do and assigns a dumb amount of pointless work.
He is the most strict professor I have ever met regarding attendance. He will say that if you tell him FAR in advance about an absence, and a good reason for it, that he won't take off points. But, he always does no matter what. Even if you get a doctor's note he will take off a few points, very frustrating. He doesn't teach anything anyway.
Very nice lady who is very enthusiastic in class which I can appreciate, but her grading is VERY inconsistent. I consider myself to be a decently good writer, yet no matter how much work I put into my papers it was never enough to get an A. Her grading isn't always fair, and I'm just not whining about getting a bad grade, I really mean it.
(modern Fiction) Sruthi is nice and cares about her students. She understands that life comes up. Although the thing that is frustrating is its that it is week 15 now and there are only 3 things graded, out of the 10 things we have submitted. Semester is over in 2 weeks and I have no real tell where my grade is.
This section was unnecessarily convoluted and pointless. There were countless unrelated and irrelevant side assignments on copyright law and dissecting song lyrics. Much of the assignments felt pointless and did not tie into any other part of the course. Super unclear grader, and was very late in giving feedback. Almost failed this course.
The instructor was very good at explaining topics. The issue is with the structure of the course. It was really challenging to write an 8-page essay on a short story. I wish there were more things your grade depended on. If you screw up one of the three papers assigned you are not in a good shape.
I took the class with this professor last year and didn't like her. She was too strict with her grading and didn't really teach us more than yell at us. Just try to do things exactly as she wants them - don't be individual and you'll do ok. Good luck!
If you choose not to pay attention she will hound you in front of the class. The books she chose for this course on novels are pretty boring and plotless. But she has her funny moments.
I liked her fine at first, but as the semester went on I realized she wasn't the prof I thought she was going to be. We had weekly writing assignments that she never gave feedback on, and when it came down to the final story I felt like it was either "her way or the highway." Overall not inspired by her.
She's nice enough, but she picks out the most insignificant details of the book and quizzes you on them, which counts as your daily participation grade AND attendance. You basically have to scrutinize every page of every book in case she asks you what Character X ate on page 73. Lectures are useless because no info from them is on the tests.
Lectures are useless, but you have to show up to take her quizzes. The quizzes are on the most meaningless information in the books. Talks for the entire hour and never quizzes on the information presented in class.
He seems like a good guy, but grading is so unclear. Currently taking the class, it is November and we have only received feedback on one blog despite having had a presentation and multiple blogs already. We are expected to write a paper fairly soon and he spends half the class period, every class, unsuccessfully trying to clarify what he wants.
Very, very hard to get an A. Pretty fair grader in light of the exams, but I felt poorly prepared for assignments. He is very intellectual and doesn't answer questions in a straight forward manner most of the time. Requires lots of interaction in class, especially beginning of semester.
Professor Becker is lenient on giving extensions and late submissions during zoom university but she has readings and homework due 3x per week. She also gives vague instructions for the large assignments and expects you to know how to do everything perfectly and will dock you for the little things.
He always goes off on tangents, talking about nothing but nature. He is a transcendentalist at heart and ALL of the readings are about nature, nature, and even more nature. Participate and do your reading and you should be fine.
I actually enjoyed this class but Jim's grading criteria were incredibly hard to understand. I even found that some of the feedback he gave me on my writing contradicted what he had said previously. Overall, the papers are short and easy but it was difficult to get an A. Odd and prone to tangents but pretty funny too. Harder 1301 prof.
Jim is a pretty good writing teacher. He knows what he is talking about and will make you work for an A. He is definitely an old hippy and tells some random stories. These are what make the class fun, though. I learned a lot from him and he is a good guy. I would recommend him to anyone who has to take freshman writing.
I am good at writing, I have gotten As in every English class I have taken. He tends to grade on your opinion, and he likes to mark things off on my papers because he doesn't like them. I dread class lately and I feel like I can't get an A no matter what I do. He already decided. He also tends to say inappropriate things in class.
I learned a lot about how to write a good paper, but i'm not a fan of his character. He's rude and grades depending on how much he likes you. Don't be too clever in your papers, he downgrades for that.
Lectures can get a little off topic, but he has a sense of humor and is interesting to listen to.
Jim has the knowledge and potential to make a good class, but tends to ramble endlessly about his personal opinions and situations that related loosely to the class topic. You will learn a tiny smidge of information, but overall it is a waste of time and money.
He has an extreme tendency to ramble on about unrelated topics. Except for fulfilling a requirement, the class was a waste of my time.
he grades very hard on papers and does not clealy tell students how to earn an A in his class. His classes can also be boring.
Extremely boring and long class. She is very unorganized and sporadic, although very knowledgable and passionate. Papers are pretty easy and you get the chance to edit them after grading. Overall would not recommend.
SUPER boring. If the class wasn't required to be at, I think there might be 5 people there as opposed to the 100 that are enrolled. Can't focus on her lectures AT ALL!!
No Comments
ENGL1181 is an INTRO to Shakespeare. Lectures on the basics of reading Shakespearian language. Simplistic textual analysis. More time speculating on Shakespeare's writing habits/life than on the text. Boring essay prompts (For example: Who is your favorite character and why). All work graded by TA. Wouldn't recommend if you like Shakespeare.
Prof Scheil has a poor teaching style. The class I took has a lecture and discussion section yet she insists on discussion in lecture. If she would encourage her students to analyze the text rather than simply reiterating plot points, this would be a much more valuable course. She's too easy and too nice. She doesn't do Shakespeare justice.
Incredibly strict grader, to the point of ridiculous, minor details seem to be the only thing she cares about and god help you if you miss a couple classes she will fail you for it. Pretty rude as well, overall avoid this prof like the plague
I didn't like the way her class was structured. She spoke the majority of the time, and half the time I couldn't understand what she was trying to say. She would spend 2 weeks talking about a theory but it wouldn't make sense when we had to write a paper using it. Use google to understand theories and come to class prepared. STRICT ABOUT MLA.
I found her to be a very rude orofessor. She docks points for minute details, such as not believing one of your sources existed even though she didn't check. Her attendance policy is extemely strict and if you are more than 5 minutes late she counts it as an absence.
The lectures for this class were long and boring. She is a harsh grader because she seemed far more focused on picking apart small grammar errors than actually commenting on the content of papers. Overall, the class was hard to sit through, and the course material was dull.
If you enjoy 2 hours of hemming and hawing, then this is the class for you. During the arduously long lectures, she averages an "um" or "uh" every 5 seconds. I've counted. The subject and material in this class could have been great, but I cannot stand to hear her talk. Possibly the worst elocution of any teacher I've had at the U
She is a very nice teacher, however she would get very mad at you if you didn't talk. I learned nothing in this class... also, it was boring most every day. Nice Prof though.
I was skeptical of her teaching style at first. She references obscure concepts and is critical during discussions. Sometimes I felt like I was in over my head and even questioned my choice in major. That being said, if you're looking for a challenge, she's very smart and I did learn to think about literature in a new, more advanced way.
Used art terms that made class feel more like an art major class, not an English class. Lectures were informative but unneeded (art style/author focused). Focused more on politics behind graphic novel, not on use of graphics to tell a story. Often requires justification for your thoughts when answering questions. Vague directions on graded items.
I think Jani would be awesome in a graduate course. Not as much for undergrads. Lots of name dropping without proper explanation, little close reading in class, expected us to have a background that we simply didn't have. Grading criteria and paper expectations were ambiguous. This was the most difficult and least enjoyable ENGL class I've taken.
She is extremely cute. She is mysterious insofar as I could never tell if she is a spoiled brat or just pretending to be. She uses an extensive theoretical armature to nuke simple texts. She wears any color she likes as long as it's black and says stuff that is nigh incomprehensible but sounds extremely stylish and profound.
She seems very knowledgeable but is very disorganized and spends most of her time presenting complicated theories that are way over our head then telling us we must not have read them carefully enough when we don't understand. Tends toward condescension and dropping French phrases without adequate explanation.
You will be fine as long as you turn in sth.
The class is totally boring and for a writing intensive class we do very little writing in the two hour class. She never stays focused while lecturing . Also in class she likes to "randomly" call on people but it is always the same three students, even if they had volunteered. She is a very nice person but a very boring prof and not a clear grader.
Really didn't feel like a 3xxx level class. Some people really liked that it was easy, but I honestly didn't even really feel like we ever did anything at all in class. Lots of time wasting. Purvai was really nice, but she seemed uncommitted to the course. I'm not an english major, and poetry isn't super my thing, but I'm disappointed.
Class consisted of 5 main assignments, one of which was significantly larger, and many small discussions/assignments. William was a VERY slow grader, with 3/5 main assignments not being graded until the end of the semester after everything was due. Provided no feedback even when deducting points. Assignments were not too difficult however.
Offered no actual direction in terms of preferences towards writing. Also, seemed to favor male students. It's impossible to know how to improve your grade with Prof Hirsch because he offers no feedback. Seems very behind on the critical landscape and discourages all but the most traditional viewpoints. Also, allows students to dominate conversatio
Janna is very interested in creative writing and wants you to be as well, which makes sense, but if you are not on her level of enthusiasm or take the time really dive deep into the material, she might get frustrated and not be very empathetic. Be sure to do all the readings because she quizzes on very random things.
Chris is snarky when giving feedback on homework and papers. He also makes assumptions about your work. I wrote a homework assignment about something that was towards the beginning of the reading, and he said it was good, but its interesting that its the first thing that you read. Its things like that that irk me.
He was a nice professor, but sometimes, his feedback on papers was confusing and difficult to understand. He used a strange grading system as well. It was a writing class, but there was little writing involved, and most of the class time was spent discussing articles for long periods of time.
She seems like a very good english teacher and knows her stuff - but her teaching style NOT for huge lectures. Very disorganized and class notes based off of what people say and not her notes. Lectures were terrible, no one would show if she didnt take attendance. Tests were INSANE 4-6 page essay and 4, 1 page passage analysis's in 75 mins.
Maybe in his old class he really cared, but in Survey of American lit, it feels like the Engl. dept. just threw him into an intro class he had no interest in. He was not understanding. Required students to print out 50+ pages per class. VERY reading heavy, lots of paper will be wasted. That being said, lecture was engaging, and he was a funny dude.
If you are just taking this class to satisfy your lib-ed requirements, take it from a different professor. There is homework just about every day and it was way more work than I was anticipating. I found out the workload for his class was way greater than other profs classes were by asking other people in my grade about their own professors.
I didn't learn much that was new. There was too much peer evaluation and not enough actually teaching by the professor.
Teacher is extremely biased and opinionated. Typically will not budge on personal beliefs.
For a freshman seminar, there was very little participation; approximately 80% of class would be spent by EMD talking. While she provided interesting readings, students would rarely be engaged in discussion about the readings. Students are graded on a paper, presentation, and participation.
America in crisis is not what's in the course description but an economic view of injustice. EMD is super biased, which is not good when talking about these issues bc it provides no feasible way of improvement in our political climate. Not hard but waste of interesting lib ed. Participate at least a little, be respectful & she'll like you.
She never listens to anyones opinion and you are RARELY right. She always answers her own questions, but in more obscure language than you would have used to say the exact same thing. She claims to care about social well-being but drives a BMW and has a condo in Florida, which she will probably mention in class.
This class was nothing near what I expected when signing up for it. I can't say I learned much from EM-D, nor do I feel her grading system was fair. This was a global studies course, yet she treated the class as if their writing should be that of an English major's. Would not recommend!
Loves to talk about herself; class was supposed to be a critique of consumer culture but ended up being about why she loves starbucks and gap. Tough in terms of grading papers but likes to make students do presentations, which are graded pretty lightly.
Um, not very friendly, very egotistical, mean to me. But I had her a few years ago. It was fun saying crazy stuff to get her mad.
Oh man, he i-s s-o booooring. Just seeps all the energy out of you within the first 5 minutes of class. A perfectly nice man but doesn't have the sparkling charisma that sets the well-regarded professors apart.
New to class. I don't think this is for non-english majors. I was hit in the face with things I know nothing about with little to no explanations. Names, people etc. I feel like I'm kind of being scolded during class. She's nice though. It feels like this is a grad course. I think things are unclear and IDK where readings are or expectations.
This was the hardest class I took this semester and I was in GenChem 2 and Foundations of Biology. This professor was not helpful and outright told the class how dumb and stupid they were. I didn't want to come to class because I didn't want him to call on me and make me feel dumb. I hated this class and 10/10 do not recommend him. Too much stress.
Very difficult class. He's a good teacher but very tough grader, he won't hesitate to fail you. If you're not up for a challenge, listen to him on the first day when he tells you to drop the class.
during the first class he says if you want out get out now. take his advice.
He's insane and untimely! He can't keep to his own schedule and is very unhelpful and unclear.
She's very nice and understanding but she's an AWFUL grader. She hasn't graded any of the papers, the first due in February. The papers take up a lot of your grade so even after emailing her 4 times, didn't reply. She was also late on giving us our sources for both of the projects. Never read the books, got by since it was an online discussion
The amount of work the professor assigned for this class felt like far too much. 4 papers, 3 of them essays, 2 group presentations, tons of books, but only 2 classes a week. Prof was also overbearing and talked too much, rebuffed any interpretations that weren't hers, and felt the need to comment on anything said by anyone in class. Not a fan.
Grading criteria were very unclear and it was very difficult to know what was wanted out of any assignment. The midsemester check-in meeting was meant to be used to ask questions and talk about how the class was going but was instead used as a check-in for a paper we were doing. There simply didn't feel like there was much regard for the students.
so much work for a base writing class.
Treza was really nice as a person but was probably one of the most unorganized teachers I have ever had. Their canvas was so difficult to get around, and every assignment was difficult to comprehend. Had many group conversations about not knowing what was going on in class.
She grades on an incomplete/complete basis. I am almost done with her class, and I still do not understand why or how she grades. I will not know my grade until after the semester, The only grade I have is based on attendance and nothing else, so I really have no idea. I also feel like I learned nothing. Assignments and grading were always unclear.
Prof Doane takes this class way too seriously. You won't receive any actual grades back until the semester is over. She is not sympathetic or flexible at all when it comes to missing class or making other arrangements. She wastes a lot of class time going over unimportant things and is demeaning to students
The books he chooses for class are for the most part, pretty interesting. His lectures are somewhat engaging, but they don't have a clear structure. Attendance is mandatory, and there are only 5 total grades for the semester(3 exams, 2 essays). His writing criteria isn't exactly clear either, so your grades are kind of unpredictable.
You read a lot so just be prepared for that. His lectures are really long and boring to be honest. He speaks with like 15 second pauses every 5 words so just do your best to stay engaged. There was 3 exams and 2 essays, he grades pretty harshly if you don't answer with what he's looking for, even if it's analytical.
This professor is very passionate about what he teaches and he always wants you to be able to "improve" and assigns midterms at the worst times possible. A take home exam over the weekend and has it due by 12:30 pm on Monday. There is no extra credit offered and on exams will put optional readings. Overall, class adds additional stress.
Dr. Jim Abbott was fine at first, but after many weeks in the semester he progressively got worse. He is never willing to negotiate or talk through any grades received. Not only that but you will have absolutely no opportunity to make up any work you missed if you didn't go to class for any reason.
I took this class because my friend told this is for international students, but shoot Anne is one of the toughest graders! Get ready for 3-4 homework assignment after every class. Her grading criteria of 'contract of B' is stupid because there are people who want to get A in this class. I would highly suggest NOT to have Anne!! BORING LECTURES!!
She is honestly pretty tough and will remind you of your high school teachers who will take your attendance and check your work during the class. There is no freedom or whatsoever to think and enjoy this class. For those who do not do good with people breathing down your neck, don't take this prof. She can be sassy and very strict.
If registering, Licht is slow and boring. Class was a slog. Nice person though
Took 3502 last term and friend asked whether to take in in Fall. It was sort of easy but no focus or take-away that helped me as a person or in my english classes, So I could not advise it.
The grading of our papers did not reflect the rubric. The discussions were not very well-moderated. Considering the fact that it was a service learning course, the amount of time spent on this class was extreme, especially since we rarely spent class time in a substantive way. He was nice and silly, but I felt uninformed of the expectation she had.
Prior to this class, I had interest in English. Now, I hate it. Professor Licht is nice, but her teaching was unimpressive. Her lectures ramble and aren't useful. Lecture consists of two main parts: a) her views on the book, and b) definitions of literary terms that you must write down. Also, she speaks too softly, so it can be hard to hear her.
Super boring, but an easy A. The curriculum for this class is pretty terrible: short stories from bland modern authors, stories I'd already read in high school, or...dear lord...the hunger games. She's nice, but I hate being told there are "right" and "wrong" ways to interpret stories or poems. Do not recommend this for people who like English.
Molly is a great person, but the class is so boring. If you give an opinion, she'll counter it with her own to make you think that you're wrong. Easy tests as you get a cheat sheet. Weekly 5 point quizzes that you can pass without even reading the books. Would be more enjoyable if she wasn't so blah.
She used to be a PSTL instructor, but moved to another CEHD department. She's a good instructor who knows what she's doing, but her lectures are dull. I'd find the peer reviews to be worthless in her class. Not a lot of students are able to get their peer reviews done on time by their peers because some of them don't even show up in class.
Attendance is mandatory otherwise she will contact you. Reading is also required in order to succeed or you will not pass. The class was very boring to me, her lectures were very dull and long. She is pretty fair at grading papers/assignments if you follow the rubrics and requirements closely. There are a lot of points & it is very easy to slip up.
Molly is really boring and her lectures rarely have a point other than the obvious. If she didn't give participation points for showing up to class I would never go. The papers and projects are ridiculously graded, if you don't do it in a cookie cutter fashion, she'll dock you massive points. Meh teacher. Double chin.
She is not very clear in what she expects in her papers or in general (rarely gives a rubric). BORING LECTURES - has such a quiet voice I could barely stay focused. Reading quizzes for all books and links.
Molly is an instructor who will grade your work on whether or not she would do the assignment in the way you chose to do so. She is very narrow minded when it comes to this. She gives ridiculous projects and acts like her class is the only one you have. Her quizzes little match the readings given, and it was hard to find a point in her lectures.
The quizzes made by this professor do not relate well to the stories she makes you read. She asks many questions that are not found in the book. It is an easy class in spite of her attempts to make the quizzes "challenging."
She's very demanding and gives a lot of assignments. She requires a lot of reading and writing. I'm not sure how she grades our papers. She doesn't clarify why I got a certain grade.
CSCL1101 consisted of reading one book per week and Tony lecturing about what he thinks every lecture. It was dull but filled the literature credit. He seems like someone who would be more interesting in a higher level course but occasionally get stuck teaching introductory courses and dislikes it as much as the attending students.
Bad lectures, too vague and focuses too much on general history. Adorable New Zealand accent and very easy on the eyes!
Don't be charmed by the accent. When it's too late to drop, he'll reveal his brutal grading policy. Lectures are scattered. Extremely vague about expectations. Treats students as if they were in grade school, but grades as if they were in grad school. This man is definitely smart, and funny at times, but that doesn't mean he's a good teacher.
Tony is easy to talk to and extremely intelligent. He doesn't clarify grading standards, though.
Dr. Jodell is a professor that definitely knows what they're talking about, but lectures can get really long and boring. The class is lecture style, with a few chances to participate. I would space out a lot because Dr. Jodell spoke so much for so long, you almost couldn't digest all the information. A good course with really long lectures.
For registration, its hard to say. Prof seems smart but doesn't grade anything and no body knows what she is saying half of the time. But this class is an easy lit class.
the class topic is good but this term is pretty confusing for everyone and no one looks at the slides, Thanksgiving is coming so why complain though becasue we will be done soon
Fiction was an ok class.
No one sits through the powerpoints online. Its boring.
I'm not taking her course this Fall but her class last term was just ok for a lit course. Not bad but not great. I missed a day after the online switch happened came back and she was gone for the term. Confusing but all ended up I guess. Wouldn't recommned if you ever miss class
Class is like a random book club. If youre into it fine. instructor is touchy.
I liked the reading but I like to read. Lecture go on and on and on and on.
