A woman gave you worst nightmare. Always writing the content of textbook in the blackboard but not teaching you. Never willing to answer question if you did not understand.
This professor has a rotten soul. Tests are hard, not because of the content, but because she will take off major points for minor technicalities, correct answers that are too long, or simply because she's in a bad mood. Impossible to approach for help. Becomes irate at the slightest question. Mean mean woman.
Extremely HARD Teacher.. TERRIBLE Exams. HARDS Assignments.. Impossible to pass this class with her. She hard to approach. If u ask her a question & if that question happen to be from the prereq class she will drop u from the class. Ppl r scared of asking her questions for that reason. Believe me, You'll NOT pass in her class, Hence DON'T TAKE HER.
you have to memorize a lot of stuff. if you already know java/materials, you are fine.
Crazy.. possibly the only class students ever gona fail in SJSU are classes that taught by her. advoid at all cost.
In the beginning, you cannot tell if the teacher is good or not. It's after the 2nd hw that she gets ****y. Then the tests come and it's memorization of CODE. She won't look at your code to see if it's correct. She will yell at you for any question.
Pretty much look forward to hell. Ever heard of the term devil incarnate, well she is exactly that! We in class referred to her as hooch, as in Turner and Hooch! Expect her to fill you with every thing, asking you to memorize it, then only testing 5%.
In my many years of education I have met some sorry excuses for teachers and instructors. But I have never had a class be pure hell. “The Beast Obaid” is the meanest teacher I’ve ever had. She takes a relatively simple topic “Object Oriented Design” and t
Extremely Tough, Extremely MEAN. Worst professor I've had in the entire school. DO NOT TAKE ANY OF HER CLASSES!
Doesn't address students questions well. Mean responses making students feel dumb.
i will vote for her if she were to enter the contest Meanest teacher of the decade . I don't usually want to show up to her class just because i don't want her to remember my face. Horrible woman!!!
EVIL WOMAN! Only pass 2 out of 25 students!
Prof. Beeson is extremely apathetic to students, he does not care if you pass or fail. On exams, he does not give any partial credit, which is extremely odd for a math class. Even if you did the problem correct but made a mistake, you lose all your points for one question because Mr. Beeson expects you to be perfect. Strongly do not recommend him
DO NOT take this professor, terrible at speaking and explaining. Tests are only a few questions and a lot of points. Gave one section an easier final than the other, and does not give partial credit.
This proffesor is a total joke, avoid him at all costs. He manages to take a not too challenging subject into something impossible.
Pros:clear plans for the whole semester, course plan and grading standards are good, software is good, never late or absent, a knowledgable professor. Cons:he is always explaining but not teaching, need to go learn in the book by yourself; examples are modification of tests but terrible handwriting so hard to understand, really boring class.
He analyzes everything you say like a bad shrink. The other commenter wasn't kidding when they said he stops for minutes at a time to contemplate the next step. Heard of planning? No calculators, which would be fine except that some test questions are ridiculous without one (eg. plug 5/4 into 4x^3+15x^2+12x+6. Actual step in a final exam Q)
Because he spent several years creating his math software, he believes it's the ultimate teacher when teaching calculus. He's apathetic to students, expects so much from them. Very unclear, boring. I've never had a math prof. who pauses for days thinking what's the next step to take in a math problem.
You MUST do homework during lab. So only about one hour to finish your homework or you get a C. You have to read lectures at home and do them on your own time. This was changed as of fall 2008. Very confusing instructions and professor not very helpful at all. AVOID him! You're better off learn on your own, he does not teach.
One of the worst profs SJSU has. Totally illegible in his teaching. spends little or no time explaining the subject clearly. i feel bad having such a prof for such an interesting subject.
he is a useless prof...very unfair grader. gives an f if u dont submit even 1 assignment. he is a pathetic moron
very unfair on grading. unclear lectures. he doesn't know what he's saying. unprepared lectures.
DON'T take 146 from him. A) He doesn't know Java very well. B) if you miss even ONE assignment during the semester, you get an F in the class. Even if you turn in all of them, if you don't do well on 2-3, you will still get an F, regardless of test grades. Also randomly assigned more work, flunk you if you don't do it, but not give points if you do
I'm a math major and my GPA was solid 3.5+. but after taking one class with him.. ughhhh no. just no. please no. my first time failing class in my whole life.
Had a horrible time in this class and Im good at math. He discourages using calculators or formulas, is terrible at lecturing, and doesnt put any grades in Canvas.
He's horrible, take him at your own risk. I'm taking him online and have been struggling in his class. He refuses to record online lectures. He barely grades any assignments throughout the whole semester until the end. His exams are nothing like the homework and gives no study guides or practice test questions. He uses proctorio for tests.
If you have the opportunity to take discrete math with another instructor or to a community college, do so. His teaching style is heavy on his slides which relates NOTHING to the homework. His homework DOES NOT reflect what he teaches in class. I ended up learning discrete math from a YouTuber. This was a waste of time and money.
Barely any curve, just recites text directly from textbook, and does NOT put any grades online through the grading portal or use it at all for that matter.
Super hard! Homework is not relevant to exam material and he actually gets annoyed if you go to clarify things during office hours. You're better off self-studying and using Slader to solve your problems. Avoid!
He doesn't explain things very well and isn't the most friendly. When you dont understand something he seems offended and acts like you weren't paying attention and thats why you dont understand. Somewhat condescending. He is very distant from his students and isnt the type that will learn the names of his students. Very impersonal & bad at teachin
Easily the worst professor I've had. Doesnt explain things well, just monologues without making much sense. Class is dependent on doing well on the 3 tests, with homework barely making any contribution to your grade. Teaches straight out of powerpoint, rarely taking time to do problems on the board. Youtube is more helpful than going to class
By far one of the worst math professors ever, this is my second math course at SJSU and he was one of the worst professors ever. He is not clear when explaining the lessons, all he does is read off the power point. If you don't know how to do proofs or haven't learned them since the prerequisites for this class is precalc do not take him.
Kubelka might be the worst professor that I have had at sjsu. I have found that watching a 5-10 minute youtube video is often more helpful that his lectures. He teaches straight from powerpoint, occasionally writing some stuff on the board. His tests are nothing like the homework. Tests are proof based and the homework is more calculations based.
Lectures make no sense. Homework has nothing to do with the topics. Can not get help from other discrete math students since what they are learning is completely different from Kubelka's class. Find a different professor if you get him.
Worst class ever. Professor doesn't give a study guide or hint of what exams are like. Your grade is 16% hw and the rest is 2 midterms and the final(36%). Even if you try to pay attention I found it very hard to follow him, also asked him hw questions that he didn't understand himself.. He doesn't curve tests at all. He also goes off topic a lot
1 Math 42 is a very challenging class if you take it with Prof. Kubelka. His lectures are tough to understand and follow and if you get lost for moments you basically lose the entire lecture. 2 He doesn't curve his tests even when the avg score is 50% 3 Smart person but doesn't really know how to explain anything 4 Doesnt let use cheat sheet
his lectures never taught me anything. avoid at all costs.
This failed half the class!! His is angry all the time. His tests/exams are easy but does not give credit for minor mistakes. If u have a choice, take someone else like Blokus.
Very hard, seems not to care
He's very boring, looks like Tom Hanks from Cast Away. He doesn't allow any calculators, note cards, and he doesn't grade on a curve. He makes you do homework and grades it, if you don't do it, he takes away points. But if you do it, it doesn't count towards your grade, so it can't help your grade.
doesnt grade on a curve, doesnt allow notecards, calculators, doesnt take out lowest midterm, and doesnt pass you if you've done bad on the midterms but well on the final.
I've never been more confused in all my school years. He is very disorganized. Teaches a topic at the end that is not available online, in textbooks or even through adequate in-class materials. I've never seen the whole class so confused and disappointed in a teacher. You've been warned.
Not a good choice. Difficult to understand his english. Random lecture topics. Seemed unorganised and chaotic. However you dont have much of a choice with his subject.
Database is an important class, so please don't waste yours on him.
Adamant, vague, confusing. In the two lectures I stayed for, Lin was very insistent that we all have Visual Studio (even if it meant installing another OS). He threatened to drop anyone who couldn't get it, despite there being more viable alternatives to VS. The advice he gives is questionable; he told me the C# template I had was fine (it wasn't).
Horrible teacher. Barely lectures during class time, and continually talks about his project his students have contributed to over the years. It's nearly impossible to understand what he is saying; he doesn't clarify details at all. Gives sporadic quizzes 5 minutes after an unclear lecture. Probably the worst class I've taken in my life. AVOID HIM.
It is really easy class. If you get lower than B+, then you might need to switch Major. Class topic can be helpful for your study but lecture is NOT useful
Worst professor on earth. Harasses mentally. NOT fair with grading. Calls on weekends, holidays. His moto is to torture students
Worst professor I have ever had. Horrible lectures and repeats the same lectures over and over. Barely taught anything and never used the book. Tried to defend his poor teaching by showing student evaluations from 10 years ago and then bash the rest of the teachers as SJSU for not publishing as much as him.
Don't ever take his subject. He is horrible, he takes tests but never grades them. U don't have to work in his subject and u learn nothing.
Bad lecturer. Disorganized. Learned very little about assembly. Stayed on one topic for the entire semester. Keeps poor records of grades.
Worst professor i have ever seen. i don't understand what is he doing in San Jose State? Waste of time and money. Don't take this class unless you have to. Grades are easy to get, but you won't learn anything. Not a single word ! He doesn't even know what he is teaching. He neither understand nor speak proper English.. Avoid it guys....
Absolutely the worst instructor I have ever had. His lectures are unorganized, unclear, and repetitive. Taking his class was a waste of my time and money. Save yourself the trouble and avoid him at all costs. Lin should not be given the right to retire; he should be fired as soon as possible.
The worst teacher. I got an A in the course, so I am not bitter. Previous reviews are true. A third exam a week before the final is proof of his disorganization. Waited until the final day to inform us that only the top 10% (out of 25 students) will receive A's regardless of overall %. The head of CS has received many complaints about Lin.
Do not take this teacher. First of all he only speaks about himself most of the class time. Then he spents all other time giving quiz which he didn't teach. No only that, he doesn't give answers to the exams or quizzes if asked in the class. In many occastions he ignores student questions and not answer them throughout the class. He prefers you to
Dr.ty Lin is the worst professor in the CS department. If only he would retire, since the Department can't fire him. Please do the school a favor and do not register in any section he teaches. I won't make that mistake again. Nothing sucks the life out of a student, like a professor that just doesn't care.
Lin is a joke. Not fair grading, doesn't teach a thing. Everything he does is confusing. AVOID if you can.
He doesn't know**** about this class. His accent is extremely difficult to understand. His exams r HARD. You will not learn anything from him. U have to work yourself in this class. He is very unclear on his exams. Overall: 4 exams + Final + Project + Quizzes + Homeworks. Extremely BAD Teacher !!! He's the worst teacher in the CS Dept at SJSU :-(
Very poor teaching and a very bad professor.
What everyone has said is right, he is a horrible professor. Very disorganized, huge ego, no lesson plans. He teaches things on the fly. He doesnt teach things and gives midterms on it(And on the midterm its very unclear). He gives points based on attendence, gives quizzes in which he doesnt look at them. I would recommend to avoid him.
DO NOT TAKE, poor instructor, poor preperation for class, learn MUCH more just reading the book, huge ego (is always SURE he is right) he must be tenure and he needs to retire or just care about teaching.. refund?
terrible waste of time, complete lack of knowledge on subject material, did not bother to make a lesson plan, covered about first two chapters in the text during the whole semester, had a guest lecturer come in and teach a whole chapter in two days, gave similar midterms 3 times, got answers wrong on one midterm that where right on another. and do
Should retire asap. very forgetful and unorganized, come up with new grading techniques every week, utter chaos and confusion, think 10 times before taking the class.
In addition to everything said so far, Dr. Lin makes up his grading system as he goes and does not post anything to his website like he says he will. Replaced the final with note taking and a research paper and then spends all lecture taking attendance. This teacher should retire or go into research if that's his interest.
-Sloppy -Unreliable -Boring -No teaching skills -Does not speaks proper english -Does not writes proper english (exam hell) -Avoid at all cost!
Absolutely the worst prof. I've had so far. While he's a smart guy and made quite a few contributions to computer science, his teaching skills are non-existent. We covered, at most, several weeks of material. Remember that CS140 is a prerequisite for several REQUIRED courses and you need to know the material taught in CS140 to have a chance there
TAKE HIM AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!! has to be the worse teacher period. even worse then Lee and Obaid combined. this foo is so ridiculous, he spent 30 minutes in one class period just to defend himself after reading his last semester's evaluations.
Prof. Lin is a HORRIBLE teacher! he cannot speak or write english at all, so it is impossible to understand nething he says or writes! His choice in text is even worse so forget about learning from that. He knows alot but cannot teach any of it! Stay away from this teacher at all costs! You will not learn anything and be frustrated to no end!!!!!!
One of the worst teachers. He seems to know a lot, but he just don't know how to teach it to others. He's lazy in everyway. Claims to be busy all the time, but he doesn't assign much hw, grade exams himself, or assign projects. He's not a good teacher, so avoid if possible. Hope I don't get him again.
This guy is the worst. Hard to understand (the accent doesn't help) and unclear assignments (I had no idea what he was asking in any of them) make him guy you do not want to learn from. Avoid at all costs.
Huge waste of time. You'd be better off just buying a good book on SQL.
He often claims that common sense is not a part of databases. Unfortunately common sense is a big part of quality teaching, and you won't find it in his teaching methods. None of them make sense.
He teaches nothing. His way to grade students is unfair. If you speak in class, you will get a good grade. Even if you get a way above average in mid and final, you may not get A. Anyway, he is worst CS teacher I had taken before.
today in my last midterm, the fire drill went off 20mins before the end of class. Dr Lin then said: "Hand in, I will grade as it is". Students:"It's not fair!". Lin:"Yes it is! you all had the same amount of time!" NOW, w
I took his operating system class and he is worst teach i've ever had! The guy is LAZY. He has students prepare lecture notes for him. All homework revolves around creating lecture notes for his future use.
You know how you're supposed to learn something before being tested. Well, this teacher tests you first then teaches you after. And his grading, after the second time taking him, it is a mystery.
He asks students to write lecture notes for his lecture. Although he doesn't cover any topic, he gives quiz every week.
many great assigments but not clear.
I learned nothing in his class....so I have to take him again in CS157B... still learning nothing
horrible, pathetic, does not teach anything.. gives random grades... worst professor i have had.. does not remeber what he tells students and then screws up things!
very bad professor. He didn't teach anything!I wonder why SJSU hired this professor!
You wont learn anything in his class. In addition, he made tons of mistakes on quizzes and midterms, plus you might have to argue to prove that your point is correct.
Nightmarish. Student teacher taught many of his courses, in fact. Absolutely unclear explanations. Tested same material from 3-8 times depending. Impatient, unhelpful. Class grade averaged 60% (bumped to 80% due to his unique "curve" at the end.
any person on earth can teach better than him.
can't learn anyting, useless
can't teach, suggest find another job.
Great person, but not the best teacher. He puts lots of emphasis on critical topics for the exams which was helpful, but does not stay on topic during lectures all the time and relies too much on group projects for homework.
If there is another professor for this course take him (or her). He only explains subjects in ways that he can understand but leaves the rest of the class confused. He answers questions harshly and is not the friendliest guy. He weights his tests a lot so if you do poorly on one test it will really affect your grade. Tests are extremely difficult.
Not will to help you understand information. Rushes through lecture and expects you to learn information not cover in class on your own. Tell student that they should not be working if they are taking his class
I hated this professor. He yelled at us everyday and did not create a comfortable learning enviroment, making us scared to ask him question. He does not "believe" in study guides, yet was pissed off when the class average on his midterm was a 65%. He is the worst professor I've ever had.
Professor Lash is a terrible teacher, he talks about random things that do not relate to Christian leadership. Tests are difficult, all answer choices seem correct, and again do not relate to the topic of the class. I did not learn much in this class. Do not recommend.
Learned more about Christ through Forest Gump than from this guy!
Absolutely horrible
He makes a zero credit course more work than all the other classes you have combined. He makes the students study and read out of a book that he wrote.
Covered way more zoology than Christian Leadership. Useless, but you have to take the class. Take the spiritual concepts he presents with a grain of salt. Do all the homework, and pay attention to the extra credit and you will be fine. More about your ability to reiterate his opinions, then you having an actual opinion.
Horrible theology and has incorrect views when it comes to biology and psychology.
Lash, I'm sure is a nice guy, but he is leading people astray. The book This Was Your Life! has the worst theology in the world. It's about them having visions and meeting God and that you have to be good people in order to earn his favor. WRONG and I'm tired of the deceit. Be warned and be on guard. Know your Bible. His word is not The Word.
I will say that this class is what made me an atheist. Assignments are easy though, and he can be funny.
I do not agree with his theology which made it hard to take away anything from this class. Easy assignments but too many for zero credit hours. He is passionate about what he teaches, I'll give him that. I hope that DBU actually reads through their course evaluations because I think there should be more options for who teaches this class.
Professor Lash not only espouses questionable theology, but also expects far too much of students for a class that is worth zero credits. The class is easy enough but the tests are made up of random arbitrary information that he mentions in the lectures. Covers about 10 minutes worth of material over the hour long class.
Doesn't know what he is talking about. Said that if you struggle with depression or anxiety then you don't have enough faith. Probably should take a psych class or two if he's gonna talk like that.
DON'T TAKE HIM
This teacher is just really annoying and accuses students of cheating with no proof. A friend of mine failed his class just because they did good enough on a test that he thought they had to cheated so he decided to fail them.
Professor Lash really does have good intentions, but you'll hear a lot of crap about him before you ever walk into class. Memorize the verses, read the book, show up to class, and you'll easily pass. Just don't take him at 8 am or you'll definitely fall asleep. Also, go to his study guide sessions and he'll give you the answers to the exams.
Everyone says Lash is terrible, and it's for a reason. If you search for meaning in this class you can find it, and people are overly cruel. But that's because no one likes being talked down to while their time is being wasted. Lash is a bad teacher. The content is whatever, but he presents it horribly. Replace him.
He is an awful professor, people are saying he isn't that bad, but he will fail you just for disagreeing with him on topics. He teaches from the book he wrote like it is from the Bible. Would not take this class.
This professor has some very small nuggets of wisdom that can be drawn from the class. However, you will soon realize his biblical hermeneutic skills are lacking. His claims about the story of Jacob and Esau, the cure for anxiety and depression, and numerous other issues are misplaced and almost offensive at times,not to mention his grading is yuck
It's only the first day and he knew my name when I left the room without me even introducing myself. Good luck.
He is not a terrible person as other reviews may make him seem, but the class was not enjoyable for me. You are only allowed to miss 6 classes I think, and I skipped them all LOL. It's just boring and was not helpful personally in developing into a Christian leader more than I was before the class. Tests are easy if you memorize the study guide.
Lash taught out of a book that he wrote. There were some questionable things he taught that was not biblical that he stood on. I did all the work and if it was not the answer he wanted, you would not get an on the assignment. I felt like a robot that just said what he wanted to hear so could get a grade. That is not what college should be about.
Hes incredibly entitled for teaching a basic freshman class. Attendance is mandatory but I showed up early to sign and in and then left every day. Go to the review sessions before the tests and youll be fine.
The worst class I have ever taken. He should not be giving exams for a zero credit class. Honestly I have so many better things to be doing with my life. Doesn't even affect your GPA so you can get away with a D. The material is great to learn but the way he addresses it is very dry and boring. Study a little for the exams and you'll be fine
Going to class was so hard because he literally talks the entire time and though he's not monotone, he is still incredibly boring and dry.
Ok so his textbook is literally a book he wrote. He films himself everyday because he believes the words he speaks are greatness. Never gives credit to others except himself. Homework due before every class. No electronics bc you won't be focusing on him enough, and makes you print off a 92 paged notebook + whatever he wants. SUCKS
CLS is the most pointless class ever. Don't get me wrong, I'm glad I have the CLS scholarship but making me take a CLS class because of it, is just pointless. When I found out that this class did not affect my GPA whatsoever, I lost all motivation and started watching YouTube videos or other hobbies instead of listening. CLS class Study Hall.
Seriously the worst professor I have ever had. Gave me and four others a D in the class. The class is over his Biblical opinion which is annoying..
He is the worst professor I have ever had. His tests are ridiculous. He tests off of his own opinion and you must sign in for every single class and will be penalized if you do not.
There are no words. This guy is the worst.
His way or the highway; extremely opinionated, teaches a "Christian Leadership" class yet had questionable, out of context Biblical views we were then tested on. Asks opinionated questions but only wants you to say what he thinks is correct. He's the only professor for the class so I had to take him, but did not enjoy it at all.
Boring. I could not stand this class. I fall asleep walking through the door.He goes on and on about NOTHING important and it's usually NEVER about the topic.THE most opinionated person I have ever met.His tests are ridiculous its all scripture.seriously? He tries to make stuff hard when it really doesn't need to be.Avoid this class or transfer.
I have had a lot of experience sitting through God according to Jamie Lash and it's just intolerable. He loves to tell you that what you take away from a passage in the Bible is wrong. He loves to scare people into being "good Christians" How many times do we have to hear about the big screen of sins? If you want to be a drone, take his class.UGH
VERY BORING, VERY REPETATIVE, VERY PASSIONATE ABOIUT THE LORD, JUST NOT ABOUT TEACHING. He tells stories that dont even relate to the "material" that is supposed to be covered. Usually very late to class, VERY UNORGANIZED! You will be much happier (expecially new students) if you can avoid taking him. I had him as a SENIOR & LEARNED NOTHING!!!!
Just do what ever you must to not take this class
Trust me, just go to another school...won't have to take this stupid class. Try BYU..haha
Jamie Lash is the worst professor i have ever had not only does he have horrible theology but he is the worst at not doing what he is telling you to do. on top of that he is just an all-around bad proffessor.
I HATED going to his class! He asks for your opinion then tells you that you're wrong. He is ALWAYS right and knows EVERYTHING about the bible. I'm sorry for anyone who has to take this class.
Most useless proffessor ever. Obviously knows a lot, but can't teach for his life. Fortunately, his tests are incredibly easy and he really wants everyone to do well. Funny, goes off on random tangents, but hasnt taught me anything during the whole semester. If you want an education...dont take Physics with him
Very rude and was always annoying. Would give a harsh grade no matter how little a mistake was even if it was a simple punctuation error they would take off a shit ton of points do not reccomend.
She is nice at giving feedback but there's a plethora of papers and homework passed around every day.
She was so bad, I wanted to give her a zero. But that's not possible. So, I give her a 1.
zzz...what, did i just sleep through the class? dont try to make it through an hour 15 with this prof. Not unbelieveable hard and actually quite accomplished in the field but it wouldnt seem like it. Pray for the days when she plays videos to avoid her lectures. also i dont care about your dogs lady!
Avoid at all costs. She reads the slides she projects word for word. Don't count on her to explain/clarify anything. She'll just repeat the same thing again, using the term/word you're unsure of in the definition. Be prepared to teach yourself. Its time for her to retire because she obviously puts no effort into teaching nor cares about students.
Terrible. Like the most of the Comm classes they take easy information and try to make it more complicated to justify their jobs. Tons of worthless information and boring stories about her family, what a zero she is
She is terrible. As boring as a twig and she talks about that stupid ham radio her husband has every day. Never take her for anything.
Horrible. Totally turned my undecided self away from a Communications major. She is very knowledgable but a horrible teacher. Every class was a slow and painfull torturous death.
Would rather rip my arm off and eat it, then take one of her classes again.
It's a MORTAL SIN to ask a question in her class. She teaches to the walls cuz no one understands her bs. why is she still here?????
worst class ever, don't bother going....you will have to teach yourself everything for the exam anyways.
the absolute worst teacher in the whole university. Not clear, unhelpful, thanks to her I am NOT getting in the major. She's terrible and her lectures are torture. Avoid her at all costs
IF YOU SIGN UP FOR THIS CLASS, DONT EVEN GO TO IT. YOU WILL HAVE A BETTER CHANCE PASSING THEN SITTING THROUGH HER GOD AWFUL LECTURES (THAT DONT EVEN MAKE MUCH SENSE).
If words can only describe the pain this class has caused...WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER SEEN...
Just...run. don't even attempt it. busted my A** for a D, got kicked out of comm. she makes no sense, she is NO HELP WHATSOEVER, and she's so rude to students. save yourself while you can
if her life relied on teaching a class, she couldnt do it. she cant write a test to save her life either, boycott her classes. as a team we can get her fired!
Entire class based on extremely tricky tests...repeats herself alot and brings in extremely boring videos
Is obsessed with television and violence among kids. That's all I got from her lectures. SO BORING!
Honestly...she makes absolutely no sense in her lectures and what she says in class contridicts the textbook!!!...shes the worst teacher i have ever had.
Could very well be the worst teacher in the universe...tests are way to tricky
nightmare!, doesnt wanna help/teach unless you're as smart as her
DONT TAKE HER, if u have to for your major, switch majors, shes that bad
worst teacher, q's on the test come from no where. Save yourself
Horrible! No Curves, Extra Credit....NOTHING
Test me on the life of her daughter-I would have got an A
Worst teacher I've ever had, questions that students asked in class she didn't
Did not like to be told she wasn't loud enough. Acts like she is 3 years old.
she's one of the professors i wish i had never taken. she assigns an impossible amount of reading and always lectors about irrelevant stuff. classes are a complete waste of time with no discussion unless you interrupt her pointless digressions.
Quiz everyday. Hard grader, not very helpful.
Sounds like he knows his stuff, but, VERY indecisive. If you are a girl it helps. I'm not taking personal shots..but he is unfair. I have never taken a class where I have tried so hard and recieved so little(grade wise). Challenge you want? This is
Xiao is one of the most harsh graders at the university. His slides for lecture always have errors, so students are studying wrong information. He does not curve exams at all, even when the class averages are in the 50s and 40s. Grading on exams is unfair, since he takes off a ridiculous amount of points for the smallest mistake. Steer clear.
Worst professors I have taken at this university. Homework's do not align with what we learn in lecture (learn nothing in lecture). Quizzes are homework questions with partial credit awarded. Exams are homework questions in which no partial credit is awarded. Class exam average in 40's no curve. An embarrassing professor for the department to have.
Can I rate any lower than a 1? His slides are a disaster. He constantly makes mistakes on them and doesn't fix it so we end up studying the wrong answer. He doesn't give any partial credit on his exams. His grading is all over the place. The entire class failed the exams and he said it was us not him. He expects his test average to be 54%. RUN AWAY
Just don't take Xiao's class. The average on the first exam was a 57 and the second exam was a 46. Both exams were not curved. His lectures are beyond boring and completely useless as he just points his laser pointer at the slides that are full of mistakes (which he won't fix). If you don't have to take his class, don't; and if you do, I'm sorry.
Worst professor ever. Not approachable. Condescending.
gau
The class is basically based on the lab. Unfortunately the lectures sometimes don't cover lab material in time so you find yourself stuck sometimes. Office hours are going to have to be part of your schedule to pass. Oh, and it's a problem when a computer science professor doesn't know how to hook a laptop up to a projector.
Just wants to help but was not very good at explaining herself. Her classes are behind the labs so you will show up to lab and just be sitting there clueless and the Lab TA's do not help at all. It's pretty bad because it could have been a great class if taught right.
SHe was very nice and very funny. Class was easy at first, but got really hard really fast. She was not helpful, was very bad at explaining things and gave really bad examples. She did not teach us how to do the assignments for the required lab. Took way too many hours a week and I was barely able to pass the class.
Dr. McCoy is freaking clown shoes. Like Eli, she is the best mayne, she deed it. That means she's completely awful. She once did check-expects for 40 minutes until she realized she was doing it wrong and then proceeded to correct herself for another 10-15 minutes, and then for the remaining 20 taught the material she intended, poorly at that.
Not an easy class reguardless of the professor but McCoy, while a very nice and understanding person, is also very scatterbrained and very hard to follow. The material needs a much more clear teacher and frankly a more forgiving one. Harsh grading + tests
Lectures in circles and calls asterisks bugs. Not exactly sure she knows C++
Anyone who dedicates their career to the PHILOSOPHY of RELIGION is a red flag. At first, Fox seemed ok but when it came to grading, if you weren't handing him scriptures straight from Jesus it wasn't good enough. Anything discussed in this class is a difficult concept to grasp and if you can't get it right away you're screwed. DONT TAKE IT.
Not a good experience. Only enjoyed the sound of his own voice. Avoid anything he teaches.
Avoid this class at all costs
Spends as much time talking about himself and his own ideas as he does the actual philosophers. Harsh grader, and somewhat condescending in person- definitely likes feeling like an authority. If you like Chinese philosophy you'll still get a lot out of the class (I did), but it's in spite of Fox, not because of it.
Avoid if you can
This professor is just difficult if you care about your grade avoid him. He barely gives feedback and when he does he just insults you.
Def not an easy A. I consider myself a pretty good student and I barely passed. All your grades are based on writing. You also need to be prepared to ready 100 pages of the bible or other religious books a night and then write about them. Tanked my gpa for no reason.
assigns readings on the material but wants you to basically repeat his own beliefs that he had during class discussion, which is just him talking at you and then asking if you have any problems with what he said. you can do alllllll the readings but if you dont ride on his beliefs, youll fail. weird for a philosophy class.
Do not take, this course is more work than it is worth.
Requires you to read an insane amount of books, requires you to go to office hours. He is very brief and vague about topics, but expects you to draw deep conclusions about them. Take this course if you are extremely interested, have an otherwise light class-load, and are ok with prioritizing it over your other classes. TLDR; likely to lower GPA
I dont know what he wanted in his papers and I dont think he did either. He was incredibly vague with little to no feedback on everything. He doesnt seem to want analysis in essays, but is unclear on what he DOES want. Im taking this class online now because of corona and he clearly doesnt know what hes doing in the online world.
This class WILL hurt your GPA if you aren't already extremely savvy on Philosophy. Not worth it if you are looking for a Breadth A requirement. Go with THEA instead. He will not "mark up" your test so you have NO idea HOW you got the grade you did. He just circles a #. That said, the lectures were interesting and going to class was always fun.
This was the biggest waste of my time. I took it to bring my GPA up and the teacher and class let me down. He is arrogant and thinks as though it is his way or the highway. He is not clear about what he wants and grades harshly. Even a student on the dean's list can earn a D+ on the midterm or final after studying for hours. DO NOT TAKE.
horrible grader
Guy is arrogant as all hell and loves asking students questions just to prove that you're wrong and he is right. Highly overrated. There is no clear grading system and it is impossible to know what kind of answer he wants.
absence of clarity made the online course difficult (and his tests nearly impossible to prepare for)
This Professor is ridiculous. Don't bother taking him he is hard and not fair. The tests are hard and his grading is over critical. It is a mystery to find out how he grades the tests and the papers.
class is terrible and boring
arrogant teacher who doesn't allow you to think on your own, you have to believe his ideas, hard grader and class is very boring
absolute worst teacher i have EVER had. arrogant a**hole...completely full of himself and talks forever to sound like he's important. don't have your own ideas b/c he only wan't to hear his. don't go to him for help b/c he's so NOT understanding
completely full of himself and thinks he knows everything. be ready to participate, he knows every single person's name and knows when you don't go to class. Grades on a whim and WILL FAIL YOU- don't listen to the honors kid
Everbody who thinks this guy is a good teacher or who is confused- just listen to this: I am a straight A, Dean's List student, and I got a D-! in his class. what doest that tell you- he is an **** 4 real. If u're not all overzealous, he'll fail u.
Who is this joker below me? Yea Be-low ME. Smart? Yea so is Joe Millionaire. Funny? Yea and I'm Madonna. Easy to Approach? Yes those beady eyes through the thick bifocals are so inviting.
Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooring!
You will get nothing out of the lecture- no actual information whatsoever- and it sux cuz attendance is mandatory!
Just read the book! What is that growth of hair extending from the back of his neck? I don't think it qualifies as a ponytail...
Very confusing- looks like the guy from the original WaterBalloon Drop.
Arrogant, Ambigious, Allan. What a freak- thinks he's asian.
worst prof ever...offers no help and finds it enlightening to lose you
Impossible to get a good grade.Material very hard to follow.He failed me!
Mid teacher
Professor Bellamy is not a good professor at all. His grading system consists of a homework grade and a test grade, and whichever is lower is your average. 2 of the tests are kind of easy, but one is very hard and it will ruin your average. He is also not good at explaining anything.
Bellamy is one of the worst professors I've ever had. He really doesnt care if you understand the material or if you pass the class. He tells you to ask questions but then makes you feel stupid for asking that question. Seriously, dont take him unless you want to fail
You should avoid Bellamy..Not a good professor at all. Tests are very hard, and he doesn't care about his students' grades at all. AVOID
he's not exactly a good professor. If you have to take him, don't sweat it but I wouldn't choose to have him. Nobody really knows what he's talking about, but he usually gives an overall feeling of what the exams look like. Grade is based on the lower of your test grade and hw grade, so it's important that you do your hw. Not impossible to get A/B
If you haven't taken Calc before don't take him. I'm a math major and I HATED this class. Very unclear and doesn't explain very well. the test questions are very hard and not written well. The majority of the class was getting the hw problems right so he made them harder.
One of the worst I've ever had. Grading system is ridiculous; made-up homework problems almost impossible. Exams all ~5 problems & open ended, very little partial credit. Races through lectures while presenting incomprehensible methods. Class is 10x more difficult than it has to be. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
terrible teacher
Avoid like the plague.
He is so boringggg. only 50 min but i wanted to die after 30. u think u r doing horrible at times but the way the grading is, u r easily getting an A. just keep up with homeworks. don't bother asking a question, he looks at u weird and basically says that ur a stupid worthless soul in a southern accent
I dont know how he became a teacher, he is the worst professor. I got A's in math but he made it impossible. TAKE MY WORD DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
SUCKS!!!
The WORST experience of my life. He has no clue how to teach and tests on random and extremely hard material. The calc book is absolutely no help. Just pray that you get a good TA, that's the only way that you will pass the class!! Avoid this man at any and all costs!
Horrible class. Smart guy but terrible at teaching. Strange grading scale makes getting an A tough. Sit in the back and make new friends, its more better than paying attention.
Worse class of my life. This man is horrible. Homework is impossible. All, this stuff about loving him if you are a "math minded student" is a bunch of crap. Unless you are a serious massicist and you enjoy both mental and emotional pain, avoid him.
The Worst of the Worst. Avoid any of his classes at all costs. Not willing to give you extra help. You have been warned!!!
I don't know how this guy is a teacher. Don't get me wrong- I'm sure he's brilliant, but he cannot express his thoughts verbally at ALL. He is very confusing and his grading system is ridiculous. Much love to the TA sessions... they saved me.
Finite Math is a hard course in general. 1st exam-impossible, 2nd exam-average, 3rd exam-easy (I got an A on the last exam). Not an easy class and not the best teacher for the class. Makes up his own Homework Questions sometimes not related to material.
what a bad teacher, grade system is horrible, learn more for TA, how is this guy a teachers
HE is the worst teacher ever
This guy is the worst teacher I've had at UD, worst class ever! If you can take it with someone else I recommend doing so.
uncoherent teaching, ridiculous grading scale, not very helpful!!!!!!!!!
Bellamy is a hardcore mathematician, shouldn't teach undergrad courses
too smart to be teaching.. he's horrible- you won't understand anything
I think this man needs serious help.
very unclear, grading scale is non-existant, cannot answer questions clearly
smart guy, but can't explain material well. ridiculous grading policy.
hard class, awful teacher, wouldn't have passed if not for the TA
Lectures are long and jumbled, grading is odd, and the TA's are not helpfulpfu
wasnt too kind with EC this semester, tests were average, bad TA
He's the worst teacher I've ever had. He growled at me in class
He stutters a lot and often loses his place while teaching during class...beware
Tests are impossible; TAs do not help
The professor's lectures are honestly useless because she either focuses on one topic or jumps around from topic to topic with no control or thought throughout the class. You're better off skipping and just teaching the material yourself from youtube. It's easier that way.
This was one of the worst classes I have ever taken. The powerpoints were unclear, and she talked in circles the whole time. She gave maybe 30 seconds to write down all of the information on a slide, which never made sense anyway. It's better to just skip class and watch Khan Academy videos and then rely on the curve for your final grade.
She was not a great professor. She was very hard to understand and her tests are nearly impossible. Most of us got Ds and Fs on the tests, but she adds a huge curve at the end of the semester.. Group projects and lab will bring your grade up. Don't buy the textbook. Good luck!!
You could study for 30 hours for Florence's exams and still only get a 44. But don't worry, group PBL's and Bio Lab and her curve will boost your grade to at least a C! Don't bother showing up, getting the textbook, or even studying for that matter.
Her lectures are incredibly confusing. It is sometimes more beneficial to read the book alongside the powerpoint than to try to understand her confusing lectures. If you try to follow along to her lectures, be sure to bring your laptop, or you'll oftentimes be scrambling to write a full slide of notes in 20 seconds.
Worst class I ever took. Tests are impossible, lectures are confusing and put you to sleep. She is extremely unclear on her PBL assignments and just excepts the students to read her mind. Never done as bad in a course in my life as I did in her bio 205, and I am a health science major.
Doesn't know what she's talking about, doesn't help students at all in class. When questions are asked, she rarely responds without a question as an answer. She steals her powerpoints from the book and claims that her slides are better than the book.
She is terrible. her teaching style is very monotone, she's probably the most boring person I've ever had to talk to. She's no where near helpful and has a really bad attitude. Her tests are impossible to pass with higher than a 69.
Absolutely terrible. I could've (and have) learned more from prudent use of wikipedia than from enduring this class. Obviously taught for pre-meds who live by rote memorization. She is not at all gracious when answering questions, which really makes me question how competent she is to be teaching this material in the first place.
She is absolutely terrible. she talks in circles the entire class and her exams are impossible. the class average is usually a 58 and I would rather stay home and read through the book than go sit through class.
terrible teacher, reads straight off of power points and isn't clear with information
Oh, where to start. This class was horrible. I didn't learn much from lectures. The lab helped though. Her powerpoints are alright, so you don't have to go to class (unless its group work day). But she can't explain the topics well. She kept going back and correcting herself. Good thing is she curves sooo much (Thank God!).
I barely studied for this class and still received an A-. Do not attend the lectures, they do not help and they just confuse more. If you didn't take AP BIO you might have a harder time, but she curves everything so much, it's hard to get less than a B.
Very disorganized. You do not need to go to class because everything she says makes no sense. I hope you know how to read minds because when you take her test you have to know what was going through her mind when she made the question. Nurses, this is a requirement, USE YOUR BOOK! especially the online connect. Her curve is huge, which is good.
awful teacher just reads off the power point boring the tests arent what you would expect at all avoid if u can
All upper level science courses are going to be challenging, there is no getting around it! However, there are better professors who are actually knowledgeable, clear, and engaging, unlike Dr. Schmieg. It's a shame she was in charge of the Bio LIFE clusters, everyone in my section wanted to switch majors in my class! Avoid if you can!
she is the WORST professor. all she does is stand in front of the class and reads off her powerpoint, also messing up words and confusing herself on what she's lecturing about. Her notes are her trying to explain the pictures in the slides, which she does a horrible job. tests are extremely hard, studying 2-3 weeks in advance and you still do bad
I can't even begin to express how terrible this woman is. Worked my ass off all semester only to get a C+. Doesn't care about her students doing well, offers nothing for extra points, but makes tests so impossible that you need them. Switched my major so I never have to take her again. Terrible experience. You will hate biology after her. TERRIBLE.
DREADFUL.Worst woman in the world.Could not possibly be a worse teacher or person. Rude to her students and does not want them to do well. When you go in for extra help she makes you feel like an idiot and doesn't help you at all. Tests don't seem hard but they are a trick. Can't even pronounce words. Changing my major because of her. GET OUT NOW
She made me hate biology and she's the reason I changed my major to something else. All of her projects are completely pointless and are useless. Change out of her class. GET OUT WHILE YOU STILL CAN.
She means well, but is an incompetent instructor b/c she's disorganized, mispronounces basic vocab, and makes several grammatical mistakes in lecture& her tests are just as incoherent. I did decently well b/c of PBL, lab and her generous grading scale. Also failed to get to know any of her students, especially in her life clusters, avoid!
Sweet lady, but not a great teacher. Lab is awful, but the class project is actually interesting. Her lectures are really tough to follow, so print out the study guide to follow along. Tests are TOUGH, so study the practice tests you're given. She curves your grades at the end of the semester, so you're likely to be pleasantly surprised.
Not a good teacher but it's not impossible to do well. Lab and the PBL (debate) can help a lot. Get a bio ap book to help, its shorter and clearer than the text. She's all over the place and doesn't go into as much detail as the textbook so its unnecessary. Tests are hard no matter how much you study. Got a B+ and didnt get higher than 70 on test
She is really nice and trys to joke with us, but she is a horrible teacher. She lectures off the overhead with diagrams that are confusing and faded and then tests us on what is in the book anyway. I am a nursing major which requires biology knowledge and i was fine in highschool, but i didn't do well on any of her tests. thank goodness for lab!
She is THEEEE WORST TEACHER I have ever had. I can not understand anything she says. She is so confusing and unclear. Not to mention she bases her lectures off of confusing/complex diagrams on the overhead. I have gotten 50's on both of my tests, thank god for lab. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS whatever you do!!
Florence is a very nice person. Too bad that means nothing when it comes to class... She's a terrible teacher. I honestly mean that, she sucks at teaching. I'm sure she's a pro at research, but her teaching methods are awful. Go to classes, but don't poo yourself if you miss one. Study the book and do her practice tests and you'll do fine on tests
she is a horrible teacher. do not take her class.
exactly what everyone else said. She is just a bad teacher. I'm a bio major and I love bio, however she managed to make me almost switch my major. She's boring and mispronounces basic bio vocab. The only upside to class is when she makes reference to things dying, like cats and smothered people
probably the worst professor ever. seriously, don't go to class, you really really don't need to, just read the book. Tests are weird. she's weird. she can't say equilibrium or guanine right, everyone know it. grades the pbl horribly. bio lab is even worse, don't be an overachiever on ur lab write ups, it will only hurt you. just don't take her k.
Hardest class I ever took!! She is confusing and unclear and unfair with her notes and testing. Worst college class so fair!!
I was so excited for this class at first. It was after having to memorize asanine material like 150 different proteins instead of actually concentrating more on mechanisms and stuff that actually teaches students that I hated this class. Unfair tests and grading...take a diff professor for this class. She ruins such an interesting class.
She is so unfair. She told the class we could get points back for our tests and I took it to her attempting to get a mere 3 points. I got NOTHING and she stormed out on me like a 5 year old. She said "I'm pulling rank" and gave me the grade she thought I should have, even though her questions did not elicit the response. Total female dog.
Very confusing...everything that comes out of her mouth contradicts something she said like three minutes before that. Nice lady, horrible teacher, enough said.
let me just say, she's a very sweet lady and I'm sure she's brilliant at her real job - research. however, if you value your GPA, time, and sanity, DO NOT TAKE A CLASS WITH THIS LADY. I thought "how bad could it be?"... it was worse.
Shes is Crazy! She can't speak english, and she's American...she pronounces Guanine (Goo A Neen)... she says things like "To be begun". and she can't teacher, her I shake too, whats up wit that?
Bad teacher. Very confusing, tricky exams. She has a nice grading scale though...80% is an A.
DON'T TAKE HER CLASS!! you've been warned
Worst teacher, avoid her at all costs. lectures are confusing, she jumps around. if you want to do well, you have to study on your own. even then, theres info you never learned on the test. you will fall asleep in class
Worst Professor ever. Makes absolutely no sense in lectures. You can study as much as possible and will still find things on exam that youve never heard of. NEVER TAKE HER IF POSSIBLE!
No idea what she is saying at any time
She said that I always look worried in class. But I'm worried about her more than anything else. She's boring and u want to fall asleep but u can't b/c she goes way too fast, the only reason y i'm acing this course is b/c i had a good bio teacher in hs.
Very incoherent. Will not know your name if not in the Med. Scholars program. Jumps around a lot. The class isn't entirely all that difficult if you study everything and remember every enzyme and little detail.
THE WORST PROFESSOR EVER. AVOID!
Can barely function as a human let alone a professor. Lectures are an absolute joke. Rambles through material and can't answer questions unless it's from the book. Seriously, why is she still a professor? She's awful. A crime against humanity.
lectures are boring and all over the place, incoherent and sometimes confusing; dont dare ask her a question about your exam after you get it back, she'll be a witch about it
SAVE YOURSELF.... SOS.. do not even put your GPA through this.
She's terrible. It's very hard to stay awake in the class, when you do, it seems like she's speaking Greek. She's also insane, She speaks to herself!!!! She walk around thinking of what to say and teach the class. I don't know how she got hired as a Pro.
RUN AWAY! She thinks she is the goddess of all things biology, but shes def not! even if you go to class, tests are still confusing!
SOOOOOOOOOOOOO terrible run and hide. The worst biology class ever. Test are so hard so confusing. All I can say is run if you can. Coming to class wont help you and going to see her is no hope. Find another teacher. Its just terrible. Run
multiple choice exams aren't written clearly and are confusing even if you really understand the material. It's still very easy to get an A though without doing well on the tests. (80% = A)
Boring, but easy
Who let the dog out? Seriously stay away from this professor
If u can understand lips.. then may u can hopefully make it through..
very unclear, unorganized, worst prof i've ever had...get the picture?
easy class if you read the book and don't depend on the boring, unclear lectures
tricky multiple choice tests
What the hell is her problem, tests are nothing like the lectures. F**K her
do study guide and you will be fine. papers are confusing, Avoid the LAB
tests are poorly written and hard to do well even if you understand all material
Please don't make the same mistake I did in taking this class!!! she sucks
truely the worst teacher i have ever had
impossible... hard tests, not nice, boring, class rules suck
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HER....very boring and tests are hard
Very boring. Needs to be more clear. Exams are difficult Class puts me to sleep.
PLEASE! TAKE SOMEONE ELSE! BORING! BORING! SO UNCLEAR AND BORING!
one of the most boring teachers i've ever had
horrible teacher, very boring, reads from the book, no surprises on tests
Gives students the "evil eye"
Reads from the book in class; lectures put you to sleep; tough-grader
SPEAK ****ING ENGLISH.........but class is easy
Absolutely awful professor. Lectures are so boring and have so much information in them. Exams are so much more confusing than the practice questions. The only grades for this class are 2 midterms and a final. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. trust me. avoid.
This guy sits in front of the class and lectures for an hour and 15 straight with no interaction with students, expects you to know an insane amount of material that culminates to a midterm worth 33% and a final worth 67%. Had a B+ at the midterm and finished almost failing the class. What the hell
WORST CLASS!!!! avoid teacher at all costs.......... u walk in class and he just starts talking for 50 min straight. so boring and not one student spoke the entire semester. 2 midterms that are pointless bc the final is 66% of your grade which is a 20 chp cumulative final. BULL!!!!
Ridiculous grading system, All around Awful class. More notes and handouts than an entire volume of Encyclopedia Brittanica, which you will need to know for the final exam which is worth more than two thirds of your final grade (67%).
horrible, couldn't understand, final was worth 70%
Bad teacher. Doesn't take the time to help. Not reachable -no return call/email
Rushes to get things done and therefore does not teach material well.
Stingy with points; Very general in class; Rushes to get material done
If you don't understand econ, you won't understand the class. He locks your grade so you have no idea how you are doing all semester, and he doesn't make it easy to calculate your grade. He gets annoyed when people email him, and his responses to emails are usually short and unhelpful. He doesn't explain content very well, so you have to study hard
He would not email me back. In regards to one of the tests that I took, I emailed him the same thing THREE TIMES AND HE NEVER EMAILED me back even though he's responded to me before. He was lazy. He used lectures from FIVE YEARS AGO. He never explained that we needed to watch the lectures, which was difficult to follow, so I basically taught myself
honestly the hardest and worst class I have ever taken. Lectures are extremely boring and long. expect to stay in class the entire time because his lectures take up the entire class. Exams are extremely hard no matter how hard you study. I taught myself the class by watching the online videos provided by the textbook. Pick another proffesor
This professor is probably easy, but he treats his class like hes dealing with freshmen in highschool. He spent an entire 75 minute lecture going over his syllabus, and couldn't finish. Profits off of his students by selling them overpriced course materials that he designed, and shows him spending these profits on vacation via a slideshow.
Link knows what he's talking about, but presents it in a way that is challenging for first time econ students to understand. When students do ask questions his response causes more confusion and he becomes frustrated with the class. Link is honestly too smart to be teaching intro classes. Find another econ 101 professor.
Not clear when explaining concepts. Test are extremely difficult. Makes you buy his own textbook which is lame.
This class killed me my first semester. The notes were messy, confusing, and difficult to follow.
This is an interesting class, but Link is very disorganized. His notes are all over the place& puts trick questions on tests and things which he doesn't cover. He makes sure you learn the material, but his tests didn't always reflect what he taught. He requires you to put ALOT of time into this class. The other professors are said to be WAY easier.
Link is very organized and his PPTs are great. It is hard to follow his in class and he moves fast. Exams are hard. Do well on the problem sets and do the extra credit.
Extremely unclear and rude. The class is huge and he can't provide the necessary time to dedicate to every student who needs help. He's unapproachable and makes his TAs do everything for him. I'm hoping to at least pass the class and never have Link again as a professor...
try and avoid getting stuck with him for econ. First off, his lecture notes make no sense (theyre fill in the blank and you never know when to fill things in and he jumps around) He is just very annoying and thinks he's really funny, but he's not. He's also ignorant especially when you ask a question. He acts like he has no idea what you're asking.
I switched out of the Econ major because of how boring he made it out to be. He uses the clicker almost every single class, so attendance is mandatory. In class assignments that everyone fails. 7 Problem Sets (easy As). 3 tests, a lot of studying. Only reason I passed is because of the TAs review sessions before problem sets and tests. DO NOT TAKE
I have never written one of these but for him I will. He tries to make his lectures entertaining but they're pointless. He talks about small details & then it does not correlate w/ the tests. And don't even bother studying for the final because it was nothing like the rest of the tests SO SPECIFIC AND UNFAIR. It was really frustrating. Don't do it.
Horrible teacher, stay away if possible! Jumps around a lot during lectures and is difficult to understand. Going to his office hours he made you feel stupid and did not even try to help. Worst teacher I've had by far!
Very disorganized and hard to follow for that reason. Makes the material harder than it really is. Very standoffish when it comes to helping students; he thinks he is better than you. Go to class and read the book, attendence is taken. Try to avoid him, but with ECON151, not many better options at the school.
He is all over the place and very unorganized. All he does is complicate things more than needed. It's a dread sitting through his class, and attendence is taken. He is very standoffish person and claims to be there to help but acts like you don't know anything when you go to him. Try to avoid him, but there aren't many better options, if any.
Sitting in class now. Not listening to anything because he goes on and on and on...
He is a horrible teacher, he tells you concepts once and expects you to master it right away. He made his own book and it is horrible to follow or study off of. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS! I understand the concepts once someone else teaches them to me, but never him.
first off you buy a 150 dollar book which you cant sell back. but at least you use it every day. he is boring as hell. his multi media approach is just his lectures on a cd. but his tests are easy as hell
This teacher is impossible. Class was simply him talking and using a laser pointer at the powerpoint. If you asked any questions he simply repeated the initial hard explaination but slower and used the pointer more. i suggest getting a tutor to help and go to the extra help sessions to get answers for the problem sets
seriously, he's a nice guy. he's soo smart but he literally has no idea how to teach it. his graphs are all over the place and he jumps around in the book. he words everything so much more complicated than it needs to be. i used to enjoy economics but not anymore because of him
horrible teacher. do not take class. doesn't help at all and relies too much on his "multimedia" approach. waste of time. doesnt explain well.
This professor makes Econ 151 very difficult to understand. Crazy Willie made it easy to understand and I actually like Economics now after I withdrew from Link's class and took Econ with Prof. Harris!
Link is a nice guy but a HORRIBLE teacher. My friends who had other teachers got A's with no problem and I worked my ass off to barely get B's. Definitely would recommend another professor, well atleast if you want to pass Econ 151...
Makes things WAYYY harder than they have to be. Introduces concepts that he assumes people know without explaining them..I took econ100 last semester so I have an idea but I feel bad for ppl who are taking econ for the first time with him. He made the book and it SUCKS...sooo unorganized and makes it even harder to study.
there is no textbook to refer to and his classes are usually so big it's almost impossible to get individual help. he brings up new concepts as if you're already supposed to know what they mean. i felt completely lost the ENTIRE semester.
his is a really bad teacher. try to get another prof if possible. He is very cocky, and loves himself too much. His mandatory workbook sucks, no buyback and it really doesnt compare to having a regular book. The subject itself wouldnt be so hard if he wasnt teaching it.
LEARNED NOTHING FROM HIS CLASS. HE MAKES EVERYTHING SO HARD WHEN HE MATERIAL IS SUPPOSED TO BE EASY AND FUN. AVOID HIM!!!!
VERY BAD PROFESSOR!!!
Dont take this professor, he's an arrogant *sshole who doesnt know how to teach, if you want to learn, go to Dan Brown's review sessions. Makes you buy a $120 workbook as the textbook that forces you to go to class otherwise you dont learn the material and best part of all damnedest thing you cant sell the workbook back, dont waste your money/time
HORRIBLE Teacher!!! Hard and Boring.
he was never clear when answering questions, and didnt even give out a text book! not to mention the class was sooo boring!
BEN STEIN ALL THE WAY......mmm kay?
tries to be funny, class was so hard, but did good job trying to explain
Take an econ class before this one. He's hard as hell to understand.
This guy SUCKS! I was interested in the holocaust so I decided to take this class but I had to withdrawl from it because it was SSSOOOOOOO hard. We had 8 books to read and 6 of the 8 were very like graduate school level. I thought Brophy was very hard to understand, he had a HORRIBLY ANNOYING lisp!
he was not very clear on the intentions of his exams, very unclear,
Do NOT listen to anything anyone else is saying, the class is useless, its hard, you can't pay attention and learn much because its not structured at all, take something else if at all possible
class sucks!!! does make lots of irrelevant comments.
not a good teacher makes to many irrelavant comments
If he makes one more reference to TV I'm gonna scream.
brings up irrelevant examples
talks about too many things that are not relavent,
Good Lecturer, but tests were extremely hard. I would take this class with a different prof!
This guy is tough, he likes to trick people on the exams. The Practice exams would help (a little), all he does is switching the words from the previous exams, so don't memorize the old exams. He really knows his stuffs tho (in his way)
This guy was terrible. I've taken over 11 years of classes at UD (grad and undergrad) and his class sucks. Half of the class is Smith talking about himself arrogantly. The exams are way too long and difficult, with not enough time to finish. He makes it more difficult than it needs to be, just so he can say the subject is hard, which it isn't.
This professor is nice, however a bit arrogant. His tests are way to hard. To much info not covered in class is on test. Lab quizzes are ridiculous. No curving or breaks with this class.
I didn't have his class,i had noble-harvey,take her-best choice i ever made.He makes the lab however so im commenting.What a beyotch,2 or 3 diff labs per week,lasts whole 3 hrs,TAs really suck,short answer quizz's,lab final/practial are impossible-dont study for em u'll fail them-worse lab. anyways-lab brings your grade down b/c its worth 30%
class is hard and a waste of time. labs are horrible and quizzes are hard. very hard to understand the topics he speaks on and offers no help or extra credit at all. basically just doesn't seem to care if you pass or fail. don't take him!!!
definitely a hard class, be prepared
Exams are very hard
Nice guy, yet unfair tests. Material not covered in lecture or his opinion. Condescending at times.
this dude is soo stupid..doesnt know his stuff so makes class easy
what is everyone talking about...you LOVE him cuz he's cake...but you dont learn
the lab is hell
badness all around
terrible
This man hurts the soul. He is so boring, and doesn't even make sense half of the time. MY class was dead silent. by the end there were only 9 people out of 46! Just find another professor if you want this class. He was terrible.
Worst teacher I have ever had. Total jerk when you try to get help from him. Discourages class discussion in a PHILOSOPHY class!!!
I come to each class with an open mind and don't have favorites when it comes to Profesors, but, this might be the worst teacher I have ever encountered. He makes no sense at all, its almost as if he is talking to himself and not a large class. He is so vague<avoid the class at all costs!
he is the worst professor EVER. Do yourself a favor and drop his class NOW.
Hands down the worst prof I've had at UD. He yelled at a girl for putting her test in the wrong pile! A real jerk. Made fun of people who asked questions, IF he even called on people who HAD questions. Extremely vague, boring, and not a nice person at all. Seems to hate his job. UD should fire him!!
THIS CLASS SUCKED! DO NOT TAKE IT
Terrible, terrible class, get out while you still can, and I mean RUN!!! I had this 8am and it was impossible to stay awake. Attendance is imperative, and there are only 2 exams to decide your entire semester. I really didn't learn a thing
The worst teacher I have ever had. You have to completely teach the course to yourself. Avoid having him at all costs.
Worst teacher and class ever, this is not an exaggeration. He lectures from the same notes he had 15 years ago, he never asks any students anything, instead he speaks to himself, which is funny for the first day. Tests are multiple choice and impossible. If you can somehow avoid this class, do it.
He talks nonstop and nobosy else in the class talks ever!! He's horrible.
DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!
This course is terrible do not take this. Stalker sucks.
Very droning voice, bring a pillow. READ the book, or you'll fail. Tests are impossibly detailed, z-points scoring on tests makes it impossible to see how you're doing, only grades two things the ENTIRE semester, so do well on them!
impossible
WARNING: Do NOT take this course with this man. He makes a 100 level seem like a 600 one! Tests are IMPOSSIBLE!
Who gave this man a teaching degree? I dont care how smart you are, if you cant convey the message to students, then you should not be teaching. This man should not be teaching. I pity the fool who doesnt use this website before signing up for the
It's like listening to Ben Stein for an hour every day. Never finished a complete thought the entire semester. Class is optional and the readings are integral to passing. Only problem is actually getting the reading done b/c it's just as boring as Stalker
Terribly boring and Confusing, DO NOT TAKE!!!
HORRIBLE...Avoid like the PLAGUE! There goes your gpa is right! Nervous twitches, annoying voice, it's the worst. It doesn't matter if you LOVE philosophy... you won't after STALKER!
His lectures are extremely boring and totally unclear. Do not take this course or this professor at all.
His lectures are extrememly unclear. Don't go to class. I pulled off an A- without going to class on the first test. The last test with probably be the same.
No good at all, worst Prof. I've had, he has a weird Eye twitch too
Extremely unclear. He means well, hes just on a completely different wave length...Id only take him if I were a phil. major.
Read book and Course reserves. I only went to class 3 days and pulled off a C.
Dont attend class! Lectures useless. Read the book/outline the chapters
dont worry about going to class in your pj's cause he'll put you to sleep
He doesnt make anything clear. only 2 grades. most awful class ever.
will probably mess up your GPA for the rest of your college career
A miserable human being, don't bother with lectures esp. at 8AM
awful teacher, whole class fails tests but doesn't care. DO NOT take this class.
Unclear and unorganized, out of touch with reality, studying doesn't help
WORST CLASS EVER. Went to neurologist, enough said.
He wears the same shirt twice and talks about the most ridiculous things
Hard to understand, the two tests are impossible,...don't take it!!
Worst class ever, incredibly boring. Only Grades:2 tests fail one and ur screwed
funny and easy my ass. Can you believe it if majority of the class failed?
when he wears the same shirt to class two days in a row, theres a problem
very creepy, my suggestion: DON'T sit in the front row...very hard to follow
I'd rather pull my toenails off with a rusty pair of plyers than listen to him
most boring teacher ever! DO NOT take this class! tests are impossible!
Wait til you take his first test. You'll be glad he does Z-Scores.
i'd much rather stick my pencil through my eyes then listen to him any longer.
Drop this class.. An absolute awful class.
DROP! Or you're in for a monotone conversation between the professor and himself
DROP NOW!!!!!!! BORING AND HARD
extremely boring.... having trouble sleeping at night? Just tape his lecture
He literally messed up semester. DON'T TAKE HIS CLASS if you wanna live
THE WORST CLASS EVER!!! I SWEAR!!!!!!
NEVER TAKE THIS FREAKIN CLASS!
Don't go to class...He mummbles and makes no sense...read, still boring!!!!
he sticks out his tongue alot
hard as hell
Key to getting a good grade: Don't go to class. He's a terrible teacher.
BORING BORING BORING BORING BORING DROP DROP DROP DROP DROP DROP DROP DROP
My brain just failed to work once he started talking.
dont take him. hes in my nightmares
His name fits his personality. This guy is missed at the morgue.
Don't take 8AM
Possibly the worst class offered at UDEL
Puts you to sleep in class; scary to look at
ugh...half the class got 30somethingpercents on their midterm take home test because he was UNCLEAR now the best we can get are c's...
Welcher professor?
I didn't take this class
Thought & Civ was horrible. focused soley on the death penalty, all analysis of issue on her part was superficial. boring discussion, wasted paper with lots of readings, pointless trips (went to a prison & almost set off the alarms.) A lovely person outside the classroom, but avoid like the plague!
Had her for writing and thinking. She missed a total of 4/5 classes. Her grading system is horrible. You read 5 books then write essays on them. Essays arent hard. All you do is talk in class. Everyone has to volunteer or you will write essays. She is a nice teacher and all, but the class is very boring (also considering I had the class at 8 a.m.)
Dr. Sachdev is very disorganized, and gave me an 80 for class participation when I had attended more classes than she did. I learned some things in her class, but I honestly felt that her class was very dull. I would absolutely not recommend her.
pointless class, horribly boring, and her grading system makes it very hard to do well. also she grades very subjectively.
Do not take this lady. Very tough grader and a horrible grading system and she's so boring.
She's a very hard grader and doesn't give the student any feedback about their grades. Assignments always seem vague and unclear, and class itself is very dull. Also, the 100 point system is completely ridiculous.
Misses tons of classes, very hard grader, her 100 point grading system is absolutely ridiculous and makes it hard to do well. I'd avoid taking her in the future.
while dr. sachdev obviously loves the material which she is teaching, it would be very nice if she took any interest whatsoever in the opinions of the students in her class. not only is she completely immune to others' mindsets, she takes forever to respond with critiques and grading assignments.
it would have been nice if she hadn't missed roughly 7 of our 14 classes. why does she need to commute to PA from VA? the whole course was worth 100 points, making it almost impossible to get a good grade with her ridiculously hard quizzes & grading s
I went into professor Burnim's class with the expectation of learning a lot about Black Music, while still having a good time. I was gravely mistaken. She grades her papers incredibly difficultly, and her tests often have material that she barely, if at all covers. Steer clear of her. If your major makes you take her class CHANG YOUR MAJOR.
For a freshman level class, she's a very tough grader. Also, she doesn't answer your questions and is incredibly disorganized.
I was looking forward to this class and was grossly disappointed. Her lecture information is poorly organized and difficult to follow. She doesn't know how to operate anything electronic including turning off caps lock. Her tone and mannerisms are abrasive and obnoxious. Expect to get a snarky response when you ask her to clarify herself and exams.
Worst professor I have ever had. Doesn't listen to students at all. Thinks everything she says is great and useful (It isn't.) Very rude and doesn't return emails. Grading is absolutely ridiculous and she very opinionated and hard to deal with. She tries to be fun but her class is a bore and is terrible to sit through. I give her a huge F--
While he bears a passing resemblence to Steve Martin, that is about the best thing I can say about him. The term "reprobate" comes to mind.
Disgusting individual.
He embodies the "Peter Principle" to the maximum- he surpassed his level of competency several stages past. "Those that can't do, teach....those that can't teach, become administrators!"
This individual should be removed from tenure and banned from the university....
13 min 25 questions and questions from out-class reading and 4 or more 30+ pages PPTs.
There are other sections of ler 100 that you can take instead. I dont think hell be winning any teaching awards any time soon
Should take up career more suited to his character-such as car salesman or politician!
extremely tyrannical in his teaching style and seems to like prostelitizing more than discussing topics from the readings. all i learned from his course was about the kenyon college plagarism conduct
If you like misogyny, you'll love Lentz. He soured me on the English department as a whole and on English as a subject. He should have retired years ago and been a Civil War historian instead.
An intelligent lady, absolutely no idea how to teach the material. Whatever you do, do not take her.
She doesn't teach the material that is in the homework, or does simplified versions that are not helpful to learning the difficult material. She taught multiple concepts blatantly wrong. She gives rude responses to reasonable questions from students. Her lectures are ineffective at teaching the concepts and often focus on irrelevant material.
I can honestly say she is one of the worst professors I've ever had. Her methods of teaching in class are sub par and do not prepare you for the overly packed exams she gives. She's very vague in her explanations and passive aggressive. Do not take her for any class. Also, be very thorough with everything that has to do with the plant tour.
Terrible Professor!!! I have had not problem in excelling in school throughout my years at GVSU, and she put a halt to that. I would advise anyone and everyone to never take her!!! The worst professor I have ever had!!!!
90% of your grade relies on a plan tour project and 3 exams but does allow an 8.5X11 sheet for help. Exams are very math oriented but wasn't too bad. Forget about learning from her, she will just read slides and then jumps into problems without any explanation. (Watch Youtube Vids). She grades as if this is a SWS class. Take a different Prof!
Professor Levenburg is a very smart person, but not a good professor at all. This is my first time ever writing a review in my four years at Grand Valley. She is a professor who is relatively easy but not worth taking. She is disrespectful to her students when they ask a simple question. Constantly makes mistakes when going over examples, no good.
Professor Levenburg is the worst professor I have had at Grand Valley. I learned absolutely nothing from her class besides how to deal with a rude, negative professor that does not care for her students. Do yourself a favor and take a different professor.
Her lectures are reading off slides. She goes through some problems, but so fast you can't follow what she's doing. If you ask a question she acts like you are dumb and avoids answering it. Once she stormed out of class because we didn't know the answer to a question. Tests aren't too bad. She can be really nice, but other times she is really mean.
-Way to many cases in this class, she bases your grade on your case analyses off how well you format (APA)your paper and your grammar rather than what the main point of doing cases is: YOUR ANALYSIS (This is NOT a freaking English class).
Nancy is the worst professor I have ever had. She does nothing to help you as a student and when you ask her a question she avoids answering it. If you go to her office hours for help she seems annoyed with you and half the time is not there. She ALWAYS has to be right. I would recommend avoiding her at all costs and watch out for the night class.
By far the worst professor I have ever had. I honestly believe she hates her students. If you ask a question she treats you like you know nothing and tries to avoid answering them. If you visit her in her office do not expect any help. Also, plan on teaching yourself all the material because she doesn't teach you anything during class. AVOID HER
She's very bad at what she does. Watch out for the night class. Extremely dry and boring. It makes it very difficult to stay focused. Don't bother going to her office hours as well. Shes not very helpful when it comes to that.
Worst teacher I have had at GVSU. She cant even figure out her own examples. When class gets over people just laugh because its a joke and we leave confused and pissed off..day after day.I hate this class!She says ratemyprofessor comments are by students that don't get good grades and are lying. I will graduate with honors, no thanks to her.
Frequently unprepared for the course; seemingly reads from her notes as though it's the first time she has looked at them in years. Plays to favorites; actively disregards people who aren't located in her circle of trust. Overall, I'm embarrassed that I had I to pay for this course. A true space cadet, like Ray Finkle's mom, but w/ less competence
she is frequently corrected by students while working through problems. test are very long, many students don't finish. she has no business teaching at GVSU. avoid this class!
Tough Class- I had no choice but to take her again and regretted it the ENTIRE semester. Teach yourself most of the work, and do the homework if you want to do well. Material is not easy, and Levenberg will not make it any easier. Scolded class because we were upset she wasnt present for an EXAM
She reads from the textbook. She got her degree from Phoenix online. You are better off reading the textbook because that is all she does. She does not understand the material she is teaching, she just spits it back out from the book. Homeworks are graded to the T. She is all around ridiculous.
Worst Prof I have had at GVSU. Talks about nonsense all of class then assigns homework and expects you to teach it to yourself. She spends most of class either talking either about how great india is or asking useless questions and staring into the quiet class until she relizes we are ignoring her. AVOID.
She is not ready to teach MBA classes. Actually, I learned more from a foundation class (MGT 561) than this class. Just waste of time. Too many cases. It seems like cases are used to pass the time. The classes are tedious and horrible. If you are wise enough, plan your schedule accordingly and avoid taking her class.
Horrible teacher. Rude to students, treats you like you are stupid when you ask a question. Needs to get off her high horse. Class itself is not bad, just find a different prof. Only good thing was she offered up to 30 points extra credit. Complained about our 13% tuition increase but made us buy $180 book. UGH!
She told us to buy simple function calculators at the book store to use on exams. The next exam involved equations that used the square root key that of which the calculators we just purchased did not have.
Who ever writes anything positive about this professor has to be either related to her, or Nancy herself. This lady is a TERRIBLE teacher. She is tricky and rude. Her grading is aweful and she has no right being a professor. She asks for students input and then defends the reasons why she does what she does and trys to make it the student's fault.
This prof is terrible. Her tests are ridiculous. You get a cheat sheet but it doesnt help. She thinks of herself as donald trump and the students are the aprentinces. So she holds the rights to take off 5 points for any spelling errors. She is full of herself and not into explaining things well. Do not take her!!!!
class is terrible and so is the professor, she thinks very highly of herself and is often rude
awful communicator. very hard. find someone else to take. but not koste either...
Stay away!
Our group project was clearly the best done in the class and we got a B- on it. Our client even recommended we get very good grades, but nancy grades on how well your powerpoint looks and if you can give flashy presentations.
horrible
ABSOLUTELY WORTHLESS!
Worst Prof at GVSU! Large projects that are graded unfairly. Steer clear!!
HORRIBLE!!!!!! RUDE. NOT HELPFUL AT ALL. DOESN'T CARE ABOUT STUDENTS AT ALL!!!
People say she is nice. But I didn't see it. Not helpful. Pawned us off on SBDC.
Don't take. She is the worst prof. @GVSU. Not helpful at all. Unclear and biased
Project is like having second job, very picky grader
Can we say self-taught. Don't expect any help, gets off on ripping work apart
UNFAIR grading. Do not expect an A if you are an A student. She is Bad!!!
Worst class/teacher ever. Paper was 200+ pages, directions were very unclear
Terrible class and don't get slackers in group you will stress all semester
She is seriously the meanest teacher ever, she says she will help...Yeah right!!
This is one of the most biased and unfair profs I've had in 4yrs here. AVOID!!!
Very unfair, bias, boring, and ignorant. Needs more schooling herself.
two-faced, does not teach subject.
Disrespectful to students. Phony. Only professor in 4 years that I did not like.
just print out the slides and teach yourself, no need, at all to buy book. bias!
has no clue how to teach, bias, absolute@!#!@$@#%#@, never would suggest her
class was boring, she was fair at times
Not a very good instructor. Exams were curved anywhere from 8 to 10 percentage points just to get the exam average around a 78%. For a group of students to produce results around a 70% average just reflects how well the course was being taught. I would avoid him
DO NOT TAKE BREWER!!!!!! I have no idea why there are so many smiley faces for this man. Basically my entire semester consisted of studying for accounting 202. His class was impossible. His tests are outrageously hard especially if you're not an accounting major. RUN FROM THIS MAN!
this class is the worst thing you will ever take if you are not an accounting major. I have seen him run marketing majors and others other than accounting right out of the business school because they fail his class. He curves his tests and they resemble nothing like any practice problems he will ever give you.worst teacher/person at miami universt
Not organized at all, basically writes the problem on the board and does not explain it, when someone asks a question she will partially attempt to answer but all students still end up confused. Don't miss the weekly quiz or multiple tests, no make ups. Be prepared to teach yourself this course.
She doesn't teach anything, we are expected to already know everything. She just puts equations on the board without explaining how to do it or even what it is. Expect to earn everything by yourself.
Prof Bailey does not know how to teach. We ask for help in class and she tells us she doesn't know and we should go to the math tutoring center instead. She grades test and quizzes very heavily and it's the only thing you're graded on. She assumes we know what she's doing on the board with no extra explanation. I do not recommend her as a prof.
She's super nice, but she is one of the worst professors I've ever had. Expect to learn the ENTIRE class's material yourself, she's basically useless. Avoid this class.
Bailey is the most unorganized and confusing professor I have ever had. I do not recommend her for any class. I have had to take her 2 times for Algebra and Trig. This is the worst professor I have run into. She cares about students but the class is pure chaos and does not make any sense. I had to teach myself the entire class in order to pass.
Professor Bailey is a nice lady but horrible at teaching. She would go over the example problems so fast and would stand right in front of the board so you couldn't see what she was doing. She never actually taught in class, just expects you to learn everything from the book and hopes you know what you are doing in the end. Definitely stay away!!!!
Very unorganized class, very nitpicky grader and expectations are very unclear. Prepare to spend more time finding her assignments than actually doing them, and don't expect quick responses on questions, because she doesn't respond for at least 24 hours.
She gives you like 1 example during lecture and expects you to be able to figure out the rest of the homework that she doesnt cover, on your own. She also doesnt give extra credit so basically if you are failing you're screwed.
She seems like a nice person, but not a very good professor. I never understand half the things she is talking about and I am good at math. Whenever I ask a question, she rarely gives detailed answers leaving me confused. Also, her lesson plans seem random so you're not really sure what you're learning about. Utilize the math center and a tutor!
Awful professor. Does not explain how to do anything and grades tough. Shes nice but just gives packets and you are tested often. Would never take again.
Each class consisted of her doing a couple examples on the board, making us get into small groups and then throwing multiple packets for us to do, and then giving book work and having any packet that wasn't finished also due, then there is a quiz next class. If you go to her office hours she is a lot more caring and helps explain problems better.
The toughest math grader I've ever had. Gives zero slack whatsoever. Her reviews are nothing like the actual exams. Had 5/20 questions on a specific topic on the final review that was not on the final. Glad I wasted so much time. I don't know how she is rated so highly on here. If you understand math take her because she doesn't explain things.
She is a nice person but isn't the greatest at communicating with students. If it has been a while since you've taken a algebra class, don't take it with her. She will just write out the equation you will use for the chapter, do a brief explanation of it and expects you to do a whole packet. A lot of group assignments. Good luck.
If the math center didn't exist, I would not have a good grade in the class, I must spend an hour at the math center in order to understand the homework because she teaches one topic & the homework is completely unrelated. There's a lot of group work & handouts. She seems to get irritated if a student asks a question or doesn't understand.
Very difficult to understand and feels like she's judging you for asking questions. She teaches for like ten minutes, then tosses a packet at you for group work. God help you if you don't already have a good grasp on the material or haven't got a tutor outside of class. At least the textbook is free.
She at least tries to teach, but its not that well and throws a packet in your face at the end of class. The tests aren't TOO hard.. but the quizzes are. Definitely would NOT recommend this professor!!!
Worst Prof I have had at GV. She crams as much into her lectures as possible, without ever making sure people can keep up. I know myself and two others failed or withdrew because we couldn't handle her.
I feel bad for someone who doesn't understand math very well with this professor. She is absolutly no help and when you ask a question just does the same exact thing as before. Good luck on her writing assignments that make no sense... And good luck with her. In my opinion... she should stop attempting to teach math because she is terrible at it.
This Prof. is horrible! If you miss one class, you are on her bad side all semester. She insulted me and put me down when I asked a question. She is terrible!! DO NOT TAKE HER! SHE IS ALSO HIDEOUS!
She would cut her eyes at me and say sarcastic comments to others. She would have a real bad attitude sometimes. I thought she was bipolar or something. If you like to have a manic-depressive professor go ahead and take her. And these are not bias statements because I did excellent in the class.
Don't listen to the idiots who rated her as a good professor. She makes math harder than it actually has to be. She has her own way of writing answers and if you don't do it her way, you're screwed. She'a a real beeotch. Stay away!
Bad overall professor. Lazy when it comes to explaining required info. A final project in a math class? Also most tests were to long to finish in class.
TERRIBLE... worst thing ever.. ya THING.. dont waste ur time.. she wasted enought of mine
I took her during a summer semester and was very disappointed. I was marked down for trivial things, she was not available for help outside of class and I felt she was rude to students who did understand the information right away.
She was pretty easy, but it was very difficult to listen to her be constantly corrected by students. Not very truthful about what will be on the test.
Don’t take her for 225. Nice person, but does not do much more then read from the book. Sometimes has difficulty copying problems straight from book. Also tells you one thing about tests, then does the opposite.
The woman thought that 2*52+1=117. Enough said.
she is the worst teacher ever, she couldnt teach her way out of a paper bag
Went to class every day, she told me I failed because I missed class too much.
she was the worst teacher i ever had. didn't give a crap if you pass or fail.
rincredibly rude, had trouble and she told me to stop coming to her class
worst math teacher yet i almost dropped my math major because of her class
She is rotten.She is a waste of space and air.
I have NO idea how this guy has such a good rating on this site. This class was a nightmare. He just really can't seem to communicate ideas well, he mumbles a lot and jumps all over the place. His ideas are clear as mud. He's a nice guy, but man. Thank god for the computer genius sitting next to me, I learned everything in that class from him.
He's a nice guy, but this isn't Rate My Professor's Personality.com. He destroyed my confidence and often made me feel like an idiot in front of the class for not understanding what was going on. He went too fast and didn't help me when I asked for it. Most people liked him but I didn't.
lot of reading...he will never show a single slide in class and expect a good presentation from students....he only knows how to make student laugh....i personally suggest take same class from different professor because you will not learn nothing fromhim
Very subjective in grading, you get what he wants as a grade.
Very unapprochable, made me feel stupid, embarassed me infront of the class
He thinks he's smart, and he does not help at ALL!
Shows favoritism. NO clear consistency in grading.
You cannot pass!
Rude
Very rude, rushes you out of his office...He is arrogant!!!!!
She went out of her way to embarrass students for dumb things like being late on the first day & going to the bathroom, myself included. Class atmosphere was uncomfortable. She is slow to post grades. I've never met such a two-faced professor. Glad she's retiring so I don't have to see her. I haven't disliked a teacher so much since middle school.
When you aren't particularly gifted at math, a good teacher can make all the difference. Professor Fackler is not that teacher. Her tests were hard for a gen ed math credit & her personality is akin to professor Umbridge from Harry Potter. If you are great at math you'll be okay but don't take her if not. You will be belittled for asking questions.
I thought Professor Fackler was a very nice lady, but a horrendous teacher. I never missed class and I studied hard with even a tutor and didn't do well. Tests are extremely hard and she's a VERY hard grader. Wouldn't recommend her as a professor if you want strong grades.
I hate math, so I took the foremost entry level class to the subject. Professor Fackler was very kind the first week of class. Slowly I started to notice that she was very rude and pretty much called all of us stupid without actually saying the words. Very disrespectful. Don't miss class. Always do your homework, never ask questions.
I have never had a teacher that enjoys making her students feel stupid more so than Fackler. But if you ask a question she doesnt know she will "get back to you". Never happens. Just a mean person in general, i would not advise taking her.
She talks and writes at the speed of light! A student barely has their book open to the page and she already has the entire problem written and done and discussed on the board and is on to something else! Plus, you must be a "favorite" or forget it!
Not very helpful at all. Always calls on the same 5 people. Gives quizes every day, don't miss class... try to take another prof
One of the worst teachers for math.... Find another prof..
she has her favorites and grades accordingly. seems to always have something negative to say
this teacher didnt even say "have a nice summer" after i turned in the final.
this woman humiliated my friend and i in front of the entire class.
I hated this professor. She shouldn't be teaching. She is not willing to help you if you don't understand something. Doesn't have time outside of class to help you.
I did not like her. She would go over something completely new in class and then expect you to take a quiz on it immediately after with no notes. She would also frequently say things such as "if you do not understand this you should not be in the class". Not a good teacher.
terrible, wraps her up in one word
I cant learn from her teaching style. Her grading is terrible
Long story short, AVOID this professor at all costs. Lectures consists of him telling unrelated stories from the 70's and if you're lucky, very brief and vague explanations of class material. Forgets the answers to his questions sometimes. Somehow, I go a good grade thanks to his grading system but I learned NOTHING.
I would never take this professor unless you absolutely have to. Lectures for 5 minutes, tells stories the rest of the time, and then when its time for the test he expects you to know every little detail and do a 2 hour test in 50 minutes.
Very flexible about assignment due dates. Grading scale is generous. Had to do a lot of guessing on assignments and the midterm exam since they were extremely loosely based on the lectures. Very unclear when answering questions and assigning homework. Expect to do a lot of your own thinking. Deadlines were never stuck to.
This guy is ridiculous. We are supposed to be learning how to apply our knowledge in the field of Computer Science and he's blabbing on about telephones. Completely useless professor that should have retired years ago. He often laughs at his 'non-jokes' and doesn't go anywhere with his lecture. I've already contacted the suicide hotline.
notes very incomplete, lectures not well given and not clear, he goes off on too many tangents, tries to make too many jokes, it's not clear how he wants assignments done or what the tests are like, he's demeaning to his students
He knows too much that he can't teach anymore. Too many jokes. Grading is bad.
I wouldn't wish this professor upon my mortal enemy.
Your never right unless your Steeve.. Makes you afraid to ever answer a question because your always wrong. Talks about his stupid personal stories all the time.
Pretty unorganized with syllabus, readings, and general daily lectures. We had a small class, so she definitely noticed if you didn't come or submit something on time. Tries to be helpful, but often made it more confusing. Lectures seemed to be catered to those who had more knowledge on the subject already. Very nice lady, but not a great teacher.
Very disorganized. Very frustrating. She changed my grade on blackboard multiple times after already giving me points for assignments. Asked for assignments back that she graded so that she could re-enter my grades. She gets off subject a lot. Surprisingly she is getting an award for teaching...God help us.
She is a terrible professor. Doesn't respect others opinions. If your aren't a feminist, your in trouble. I believe in equal rights but I also believe that people have the right to make their own choices. She doesn't.
She doesn't take into consideration your point of view. In her mind, only she can be right in a class that is very much based on opinion. Thinking differently will get a markdown. She's also very unorganized, and adds it into a student's grade if he/she doesn't compensate for that.
If you're scheduled for her class. DROP IT!!! I'm walking away with nothing from your class, Underwood. THANKS FOR NOTHING! TERRIBLE PROFESSOR!!!!!!!!!
she has no brain! changes her mind 1000x , fails everyone, DO NOT TAKE CLASS!
gives terrible lectures, terrible grader, don't take her if you can
better go to her class b/c she does fail people even if you get A's on her tests
Class isway boring, confusing, tests way to tough for 100 level class
she can't follow an ouline, and she made it
made class intimidating. don't take.
VERY UNCLEAR
This guy is a TERRIABLE prof. His class is out in left field along with his off the wall and unorganized teaching style. Avoid Anton at all costs or you will end up losing big in the end. He's a bad bad man!
Use mastering bio!!
Literally horrible. Condescending and does not help, just grades tough and will not let you leave unless you do everything at an A level. Do not take.
Professor Zeman comes off as a welcoming professor, and that she wants you to do well. However, many are in this class just for a gen ed and she grades it as if we should know as much as she does (or even more)! You can complete an assignment well, and still fail it if it doesn't satisfy her. I do not recommend.
Inconsiderate professor. Easy content and complex assignments. Not willing to give feedback on assignments before due date. Horrible at giving directions. Pre-labs along with labs are graded extremely hard.
Bio 120 is already a difficult class, it doesnt help that the teacher constantly bamboozles her students with misleading lectures that emphasize topics that may not be on the exams at all or, if are, are only 1 or 2 questions. She doesnt give exam reviews, and her exams are way more in depth than lecture. U need to read the book and study the book!
When you talk to her about the course itself it always seems as though she is belittling you. you can ask 100 questions about the assignments, when you do as she says she marks down. If she tells you that your results look right, including the statements, you may wanna look over them because she will mark down for little things.
Professor Zeeman. I felt belittled by her and her teaching, I have never run into this problem here at GVSU. I avoided office hours at all costs because when I have talked to her about different questions I may have I felt stupid and lost afterwards. I know other people who avoid talking to her as well or who have tried and have the same problem.
Out of all the profs I've had, this prof has been the only one to be rude and unorganized at the same time. Yes, her class is set up in chronological order for you to see, but her teachings are out of order and kept very vague. Also, kids would bring in breakfast in the morning and she would oink at the kids eating. Would not recommend this prof.
This professor really made me dislike the biology science so at GVSU in general. I had a poor experience with this prof because her teachings were vague, she was rude to majority of her students, and she could care less about her students success.
This professor is mean and does not care about her students. She doesn't teach well, and I learned nothing.
Please do whatever you can to change professors if you happen to get her next semester. She's incredibly rude and makes her unorganized class YOUR problem. I wish I never took this class, and in all honesty, she would oink at me whenever I ate food in class. Not cool.
This class was definitely one I need to warn people about. Although there were less formal exams, and more in class/projects, it was almost impossible to please this teacher. Her direction were vague on every assignment she ever gave, and she was extremely rude and condescending to majority of her students. Do not take this class, its not worth it
There are no exams and supposedly only two homework assignments which seemed nice but there are three big open note quizzes instead that are extremely specific or about things we never learned. She explains things to make it seem easy then the quizzes are super hard. Also the final is a group project and she is very unorganized about it.
Very tough grader and makes a gen-ed way too hard. Would not recommend.
Definitely one of the worst professors I've had at GVSU. Her lectures, unit lessons, and quizzes are completely out of order and all over the place, and her teachings and directions are always left vague. She is not caring about her students or the grade you get for her class, and many times I have witness her being patronizing to others. STAY AWAY
I took this class as a general credit for my degree. She was literally the worst professor I've ever had (and I've been in college for 4 years now). Her tests are confusing, she is the hardest grader and talks a million miles a minute in lecture. I failed the class by less than 0.5 points. She makes you buy a $24 membership to top hat too. Avoid!!!
Overall, prof zeman was good. She explained things well, liked to answer any questions and had lots of open office hours for extra help. However, her tests were extremely hard. They had extra material on them that was not discussed in class or on her powerpoints. Disorganized and only way you'll get a good grade is if you've had bio before.
She is very disorganized and unclear about assignments. Her directions on assignments are vauge and scattered across multiple different documents. Her grading is not standardized and her expectations change from person to person in accordance to her mood. She also tests material not covered in class
Awful professor. If you have any questions in class, she will make you feel stupid for asking. She is not the type of teacher who truly wants you to do well in her class. Her online quizzes are on material we do not necessarily cover in class. I would not recommend her to anybody taking biology if you are looking to do well and learn.
Extremely tough grader. Doesn't explain assignments at all, expects you to know them without instruction. It's sad bc I love this envi sci but she made it a poor experience. STAY AWAY
Just a bad prof and lady. super unhelpful, when i couldn't make it to class because of scheduling conflicts she demanded that i gave her proof before giving me a link to a video she said "couldn't be found online". Has weird ways of assigning homework.
She was not helpful in any way. Anytime a student asked a question, she treated like you were stupid for even asking. She was not willing to help.
Don't take this class for an easy A, for a gen. ed. class at all. She treats her course like it's a 300-400 SWS level class. She has some respect for students, but she treats them as children and she assigns way to much work for the class. If you failed completing a quiz because of blackboard issues, she won't do anything about it.
If you feel like taking a gen ed for an easy A, this isn't the professor for you. She treats the course as if it is a 400 level class, has absolutely zero respect for students, and assigns way too much work for the class. It doesn't matter the assignment, she will find some way to mark you down regardless of how much work you put into it.
She was a very difficult teacher to have. When she is lecturing it is as though she just expects you to know what shes talking about. She is a nice teacher but not a clear one. Very stressful class to have with her. Switch out if you can unless you catch on to biology very easy.
It's like Zeman wants you to fail. She's super strict, not helpful, and flat out rude. When you don't know the answer to something, she likes to dangle it in front of you and make you feel stupid. Avoid.
Don't take this professor. Her intent is not to teach. She wants to see how much she can trick people on exams. Seriously, who give A-G choices with 3 or 4 part answers for an entire final exam?!?! I guess my past history of all A's has nothing to do with intelligence! Now I understand what is meant by "Bad teachers create bad students" FML!
Do not take her. She is the hardest prof ever. She doesnt care about her students and is the hardest grader ever. If you have her, I recommend you switch profs ASAP.
Please do not take this prof ... she sucks! She was SO rude and doesn't care about her students. Her tests are SO hard and she doesn't know how to teach and big class. I didn't have her as a lab prof, but her she is very hard there as well. Good luck!!
She is absolutely cruel to those you don't suck up to her, which is usually 95% of the class. She will call you out on any disability and embarass you in front of the class. Because of her, a friend of mine dropped out of college because she made him feel and told him he was not college material
Avoid. She makes you feel stupid and expects ridiculous things from you for being a 1 credit class. She isn't clear about what she wants and she takes off ridiculous points for things she barely mentioned or never wrote down.Had her for 120 also & she was just as terrible. She will make you hate a class that could be really interesting & beneficial
Definately not one of my favorite lab professors I have ever had. She does not answer questions, just makes you look stupid for even asking.
you suck, please quit teaching. thank you.
Lab teacher. I tried very hard in that class to only end up with a bad grade. She gets better as the semester goes on, but the first few weeks she makes you feel very un-inteligent, and what I think is on purpose. I hope I never have her again.
She is strict and expects you to know the subject before taking the entry level class.
Most annoying prof on campus. Her voice drives me crazy and what comes out doesn't help anyone. She does more harm to education than good. I can't believe GV has kept her for so long. They must put the dumb profs in lab classes.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON HER! TAKE SOMEONE WHO YOU CAN ACTUALLY LEARN FROM! SHE IS THE MOST SNOBBY PROF AT ALL OF GV! YOU WON'T LEARN ANYTHING, SHE WON'T HELP YOU EVER, AND SHE CAN'T EVEN STICK TO ONE TOPIC! I HATE HER AND I FEEL BAD FOR ANYONE WHO SIGNS WITH HER. PAY SOMEONE WHO DESERVES IT YOU GUYS.
knowledgable in subject matter, however unapproachable for guidence and support. unable to relate to students and encourage learning int he classroom.intimidating in lecture/discussion, impossible to please. complete waste of your time and money. invest your valuble time and finances in a professor who enjoys what they teach.
don't plan on learning anything all your do is memorize everything and try and spit it out again
i dont think anyone could 4 point class unless you are zeeman! she is only looking for the extact answear... i hate this class
dude, do not take this teacher for lab. if you have her, switch out of it immediately.she grades hard on absolutely everything and i mean everything. she had no friends when she was a kid so now she is taking it out on her students.
the one thing that i hated about her was the way she graded. every little thing she sees not her way, she'll mark u down for it. don't even try to spell out words u don't know how to, cuz she'll take off pts for it too. take another prof, like Vigna.
I had to drop the class because I didn't do a couple things just her way and all of a sudden, BAM!, 38% in the lab. Also, I went in to make up a test and she completely stood me up at our scheduled meeting time. I don't like her!!!
Everyone told me not to take her, but I was too lazy to change it. I'm an idiot, don't be like me, escape while you can the woman is devil incarnate. She tried to sarafice and eat me.
HORRIBLE teacher....you can run now. She will mark you off if you don't have the same exact answer as she wrote on her answer sheet. Makes you feel very stupid if you ask a question.
unfair grader, makes you feel like everything you do is wrong because marks you off for something on every question, no respect for students, annoying personality. cant stand her but may have enjoyed the class if had another teacher.
At first she acts very helpful. You can ask as many questions as you want but in the end it really dosent pay off all that much. Her lab quizzes are like a bio lecture exam,way to much info/detail for a gen lab class, 6pg lab report does that say enough
Honestly..she makes you feel incredibly STUPID! She shouldn't be teaching lab becaus for one, she is WAY to picky for this class and has the more annoying voice of all. And it must mean something when i'm getting an A in lecture and a C in her lab. UGH!
Horrible lab teacher. I am scared to go to lab everytime because she makes it so hard. Class average is a low C, and she thinks that is good!
RUN! Don't take her class, she has to be the worst prof for a lab EVER! She's unclear and is very picky, plays favorites and like's to give out lots of C's. Even worse, God made two of them, she has a twin sister, her name is Simon, and is a Bio lab prof.
She is probably the worst lab teacher ever! Very hard grading, if you don't write exactly what she hason her answer sheet, you're screwed!!! Get another teacher now!
This subject isn't that hard... its this prof that makes it hard. She's unclear, very picky, explains things too quickly so it's hard to catch what she's trying to say... I don't recommend her!
I felt like I was in my third year of medical school ...it was THAT hard!
Do Not take this lady. It's easy material, but she's so picky and unclear that you do horrible. Run while you can!!
everything the other bad ratings said is totally true and then some.. she's the worst teacher i've ever had
I went to her for help and she made me feel dumb. She likes to embarass you.
it's the 5 week of school and i'm ready to drop out of collegedon't ask for help
she is honestly unfair, mean, not fun, almost scary, trust me-RUN!!
EVIL!! Get someone else for lab! Won't help you at all! Thinks your stupid! EVIL
terrible grader, helps sometimes, better than evil twin sister, yikes stay away
Picky about grades - STUBBORN - look for someone else.
Very stubborn. Says one thing and expects another. Not very student oriented.
Very unhelpful and rude. Doesn't give enough time on quizzes.
do whatever it takes to avoid her, it will be worth it.
One word: EVIL!
Has absolutely no patience for anyone who may want to ask questions, very rude
the worst prof. i've ever had.. do not take her.. she is horrid
GET OUT! Rude,unapproachable,shouldn't be a teacher,i feel sorry for her kids
very hard and is rude and unfriendly to students
not very warm, seems to hate her job as well as students. avoid her!
SERIOUSLY LISTEN TO ME AND DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!!
Never in my dreams did I think that I would meet Satan.
do not take her. please, don't waste your time and money.
Seems to enjoy herself when students are wrong. Screachy voice. Unpleasant.
Honestly the worst "professor" I've had here. Very hard grader, very unhelpful.
Any time you asked a question you were insulted. Awful. Learned nothing.
sucky teacher
STAY AWAY FROM THIS GUY, TAKE PRATT.
STAY AWAY!!!
Not everyone is a childhood prodigy. Give us a break.
large ego. WAY too picky
Absolute worst prof I've had. Attending lectures and feeling good about the material, isn't enough. Tests are too specific and have odd wording. She has the weirdest grading scale ever so you never know your grade which is probably awful because of the way her tests are. I dropped having a F - retook it with another prof and easily got an A.
This is the most frustrating class I've ever taken. I've attended every class and take notes but she puts problems on the tests and homework that she's never showed us how to do. Most of her quizzes and homework are completely fill in the blank and she looks for very specific answers and has vague wording so you don't know what she's looking for.
Worst professor I have ever had. I am very surprised she is still able to teach at GVSU. She was very disrespectful to me when I emailed her with questions about my quiz. She never answers questions about homework. She complains that people don't pass her quizzes literally saying it was disturbing in a blackboard announcement.
I don't have one good thing to say about Prof. Matt. She ruined genetics for me as it was one of my favorite topics until I met her. Her homework and quizzes are nearly impossible to answer as she is very specific, will only accept her version, and won't ever give partial points. They are ALWAYS over things we never discussed.
The worst professor I have ever had. Exams were extremely difficult and covered things we did not learn. I loved and understood genetics but still struggled in her class. When asking what I could do differently I was told I could start by learning the English language. Never went over examples so we never knew where we were going wrong! Avoid!!!
Professor Matthews is unwilling to help students when asking questions. Multiple times throughout the semester she told me she couldn't answer my question because it would not be fair to the class. She is very condescending in emails and expects very specific answers on homework and quizzes. She also takes points off for minor things.
AVOID. The lectures were not interesting, and you can barely take notes. On tests and quizzes expect to see a lot of material you've never learned. Also, she'll accuse your whole class of cheating and take it to the board. She is also very condescending when you are trying to get help from her. DO NOT TAKE HER.
This is by far the worst professor I have ever had in any level of schooling. She is condescending, rude, and her teaching style is out of date. Her exams and assignments are EXTREMELY difficult and often have topics never discussed in class. In all honesty, it is a shame GVSU still has her employed as it seems many of her reviews echo my own.
Avoid!! She accuses a lot of people of cheating and makes her exams next to impossible even though they're open notes. The information she provides in lecture doesn't match the exams/homework/quizzes very well and the exam questions are confusing. Attend lecture because she says important info that aren't in her PowerPoint lecture.
For someone who knows how to study and use the textbook, never have I struggled so much due to her confusing wording on quizzes and tests. She expects her students to understand medical wording because she is in the medical field which is unfair. Shes aware that the majority of the class is almost failing or is and doesnt seem to care :/.
Her quizzes were nothing from the book or what we learned, and would not help during office hours. Grades were only from weekly quizzes, final and midterm, and 4 assignments from the semester. Ended up retaking the course with Nikitin in the summer and ended with a 96% compared to Matthews 78% I had at the WD date from just a change in professors.
P Mat is a decent lady. Her teaching sucks. She accused the whole class of cheating, her quiz questions are incredibly unclear (meaning she asks stuff that she never discusses in lecture). She stated students grades would also be impacted due to "inappropriate emails" sent to her. Overall, she's extremely difficult for no reason.
I once emailed her about quiz questions that I believed (as well majority of the class) were unfair because she never talked about them in her lecture videos and told her that I was worried about my grade. She told me I was over-reacting (: enough said
in the beginning, she was so sweet then within 1 week she snapped on us bc someone said she forgot to post the lecture as stated on syllabus. exams/quizzes could use notes but all fill in blank & makes it stupid confusing. if u get even the smallest things wrong on any hw its wrong & makes continued ?s wrong since they connect. Very inconsiderate.
I got a C+ with a curve & that is my only non A I have ever received in my college career (Im a senior). The tests and quizzes are over the most minute details from the slides or textbook & when you ask her about it, she is so condescending with her response. I wish i never would have taken this class with her - giant mistake.
Dont take her. She sends out rude emails and if you email her back she even more rude. Shes not cut out to teach online classes and cant communicate with her students politely. Shes unorganized and she doesnt understand how to use BB. Her quizzes are short answer and confusing af. Just dont take her if you still like genetics.
The worst professor I have ever had throughout college. She is very passive-aggressive and gives off a condescending tone all the time. Whenever you email her, she will respond rudely and make you feel dumb. Her quizzes are literally out there to get you. She asks the most irrelevant questions which are fill in the blanks and vague. Avoid her!!
Grade is based on 5 quizzes, 2 exams, and final. All telling detail: a T/F question about mitochondrial enzymes, which wasn't anywhere on the slides. I asked about it, she pointed to a picture of the mitochondria with an enzyme and said we should've known what it meant. She did give me 4 points that I argued for, but she was a terrible prof.
19 semesters & 3 degrees, by far she's the worst prof I've ever had. I studied 3x more than any other class, went to office hours weekly, and still worried I wouldn't pass. I asked if she has trick Q's and she said no, then explained to me for 15 mins that she does have trick Q's so the school statistician doesn't think she's giving away A's.
She needs to retire, like now. I spent so much time and effort on this class and could not get higher than a C on a quiz, an exam, or the final. If you want to watch your GPA tank, be my guest. She could care less if she gives you the material to pass and told me to stop worrying about my C and do better, kind of hard if you don't help me PMat...
This class was the worst thing that has ever happened to me. The professor knocks confidence down and made students feel so stupid. Don't even bother emailing her or asking questions because she pretty much just says you should know this and is very passive aggressive. Just save your mental health and take a different prof or class.
This professor was the worst prof I have had since I have been here (Junior). She made me feel super stupid when I asked questions and would not even answer me. The tests and quizzes were absolutely ridiculous. I knew that material inside and out and still could only get in the C range on them. I'd suggest you drop this prof. So not worth the hurt.
One of my least favorite professors. Became very condescending to students, lacked professionalism, and allowed her physical health, and pride, to affect her teaching. All tests are application based over minute details, no opportunities to practice this application prior to tests. Take another professor if possible, or at a different college.
This teacher seems like a sweet old lady and she is! however her tests and quizzes are unnecessarily hard and she makes it extremely difficult to get a good grade on them. beware
Umm... thought this was going to be my easy class of the semester and boy was I wrong. She tests you on the most ridiculous information that you wouldnt expect. I would study HOURS for a quiz and still get a C. She can be very moody, and if you dont know something she makes you feel like you shouldnt be in the class.
I didn't think she would be that bad but I was veryyyy wrong. Her quizzes and exams are ridiculous. Very picky and set in her ways. Purposely makes up confusing questions to make things x10 harder than needed. Didn't even start learning about genetics till the last month of class. Take someone else
PMat is easily the hardest prof I've ever had. She thinks she is being clear in lectures, but her quizzes and tests are SO HARD. She purposely words questions in ways so that you will get them wrong. She curves almost everything, but you have to work very hard just to get a B-. Save your GPA and take a different prof.
Patricia is an AWFUL professor. The curve at the end is not worth the stress and embarrassment you'll feel throughout the semester. I wish I could have taken this course with a different professor or online. Better yet, I should have dropped when I had the chance. She talks for ages and her ppt's are so VAGUE. Save your GPA & take BIO355 elsewhere!
I took this class with her twice, and both times ended up with the same results. The tests, quizzes, homework are all ridiculous due to the fact that if its partially wrong, its all wrong. If you ask her to give you a point back or you aren't happy with a grade and she literally gets mad and yells at you. WORST PROFESSOR AT GVSU. (BMS senior)
Shes nice and funny. But, watch out, she intentionally will trick you on quizzes and tests. Its ridiculous. I have never had a professor do that and then not care that she tricked half the class and everyone got it wrong for the same reason. You can study endlessly and you will only get a B typically
Horrible! Worst class I've ever taken at GV! This teacher is all over the place and unclear. Puts things on tests and quizzes not discussed in class. Extremely hars tests and quizzes. Little to no/confusing homework. Hated this class! Ruined my GPA! Very nice lady though.
NOT GOOD AT ALL. SHE IS NEVER CLEAR ON WHAT SHE LOOKING FOR IN EXAMS.
Bad bad bad.
She is absolutely horrible! I went to every class and studied the material on a daily basis, yet still did not do well. I did everything possible (ms3, study group, etc) and it still failed. A girl in my study group had her a semester ago and the class average was in B range, this semester is was in low C's. DO NOT TAKE HER, SHE IS HORRIBLE!!
Matthews is ridiculous!! I love genetics and this class made me hate it..her notes are general and her tests are insanely specific she throws tircks at you like you wouldnt believe, and read the book carefully because she gets alot of questions from it...easy final though bc the questions are straight from old exams and quizzes
Dante's 7th layer of hell is reserved for this course. Professor Matthews expects you to grasp the information as well as she does and if you do not she treats you like an idiot. Her tests and quizzes are torture devices. Even students who study like I did struggled. A WORD TO THE WISE: BIO-120 is not enough of a prerequisite for most!!!
If you like to hear about her WONDERFUL kids...then you should sign up for this class. Moms have mom cuts...
She is the worst professor ever. I don't think she can speak english because nothing comes out clear. Exams and quizes are very hard. She asks for the smallest detail for everything. She will send you 500 e-mails letting you know her schedule. Avoid if at all possible. Wish I had more space to explain everything wrong with her teaching style.
she knows the stuff but cannot get it across to students and then on quizzes/tests the questions mix up concepts so that it is extremely hard to know what concept she is asking about, I wish she would use questions that have been formulated by the authors of the text. How can you give a specific answer to a mixed question? You cannot learn in here.
entertaining & interesting. exams = HELL, broad questions but specific answers, marks off for giving too much, but then sometimes theres not enough. every point is crucial, but she takes em off very quickly! dont take class unless you can read minds! grade DOES NOT reflect how much you learned!!
very unorganized, loses students assignments, changed the syllabus 3 weeks after she said she was going to. Inconsistent with expectations. I would not recommend this professor. Maybe when she has more experience teaching she will improve.
don't take her
Very confusing and very unorganized. Not enough time spent on the actual portfolio, and way too much time on connection papers between articles, she should not be teaching this course
I hated every minute of class. Prof is not organized at all and she is very confusing. The class is based on a portfolio and she does way too many unimportant things in class instead of what the class is based on. Do not take her or you will be upset.
This prof. should not teach 150! She makes you write more than you should be writing, and causes her students to get behind on portfolio work! Do not take her
This prof is not qualified to teach this course. A independent study would be more helpful, and she doesn't know half the answers to your questions.
WORST CLASS EVER....will not help you when you need it...does not seem to care about students...will fail you...no such thing as brownie points...yiou have to pass all of her exams....even if youa re at a 58% you will still fail the class...participation
exams were not over things we covered, why even go to lecture then?
Honestly one of the most boring professors you can take. lectures the entire hour about things that don't show up on the test. The tests are all based off of the book readings so if you don't read you wont pass. Your entire grade is based on 5 tests and 1 paper each worth 100 points. His tests are really hard multiple choice This is my first C ever
Has the worst monotone voice, cant answer questions that are asked and only goes over 1/10 of test material during lectures. Going to class is a waste of time. If the class is required like it was for me I would just read the chapters thoroughly at home and go to class for exams I got an A or B on all of them and rarely went to class
Prof. Paszek was the worst psych prof I have ever had. There is zero class participation, he never asks questions, lectures don't have any flow so you're better off taking your own notes from the book. He doesn't use BB at all, and he uses different language and wording on his exams than he does in lecture, feels like your taking another profs exam
This is the worst psychology professor ever.his lectures are very boring,he explains in a monotone voice,he does not cover everything in the book,he doesn't give any study guides or questions to prepare you for the exams.The exams are very tricky and he corrects many times based on his opinion.Don't take this professor, learn the material by ur own
This professor is basically useless. You will not pass this class without the textbook! He basically rambles on about one topic and other personal topics just to waste time. But this class can be very easy if you just read the book and show up for the exams.
This prof was terrible!! He was so boring and not helpful. Prof Paszek would give so many notes and not tell you what would be on the tests.
Awful... Doesn't speak loud. Acts wierd. Can be funny at times. Only gives 5 exams so no extra work if you do bad on the exams. Questions are very hard to interpret. He gives out no study guides for exams so you have to hope you studied the right sections of the chapters. Avoid if possible
Terrible! Went to class, outlined the book, still did horrible. 2/3 of the class got C's or lower on tests. There is no need for the tests to be that hard, but most questions are tricky, some questions I SWEAR didn't have the right answer in the MC options. 7 papers = one test grade..the only thing to boost your grade. Take someone else!
Horrible
Don't take this professor unless you want to teach yourself. If you like to skip class and learn entirely from the text book then take him otherwise run! Also his paper for this class is a free A if you bother to try at all on it but it's long and boring. His tests are pulled straight from the book with no study guide!
do NOT take the 3 hour block with him if u take him at all. very monotone that puts me to sleep. READ THE TEXTBOOK because exams are kinda hard. you can probably get away with only coming to class on exam days and to turn in papers. you basically teach yourself the subject which isn't really that interesting sometimes. take someone else if u can!
Ugh. If you are going to take this class, do NOT take a 3 hour block. Paszek cannot make it through the material. Reading the book is mandatory, but I still never really knew what to expect on any exam. He does have some interesting videos and stories.. but none of which are on the tests.
This teacher was hard to follow as he could never complete a thought. We also had a three hour class and were never there for more than 1.5 hours. He was unapprochable and when asked for help told me to take better notes on 1 hour of lecture for a three hour class. It was the worst PSY class I have ever been in. Do not take this professor.
Painfully boring, largely because he simply can't stick to relevant topics. During our three hour classes, he would often launch into half hour tangents about a new television show. Exams weren't difficult though.
This was the most boring and pointless class ever! Don't bother going to class, just read the book. I didn't figure that out until the middle of the semester and just barely passed. His lectures are not even on the exams and he ALWAYS goes off on little bunny trails while teaching and then later tel
It could have been a lot better. I didn't feel comfortable asking questions and when I did he wasn't clear on the answer. Not a very lively class.
MONOTONE. Attended every class, took notes, worked butt off, and got a C. (I have a GPA of 3.4). Funny, but not fair, overly hard tests, does not cover book in class but tests 90% over the book! Very hard, not fun, bad grade.
I thought I'd never wake up from the nightmare this class turned out to be. He was very boring, and the tests were very hard.
he is so boring. heinous tests. studied for hours to try and get a c. tries to be funny but failes just like his student on his test. give him a double BOOO
Exams are made to confuse! Difficult to get a fair grade. I studied for hours,knew the material and got a low grade.
Run! Hard tests, no direction given on what to study. Read the entire book, only took a few pages of notes after going to every day. Project is hard compared to the other PSY 301 profs.
NO STUDY GUIDE for hard tests- went through entire book during the course of the year. Exams every other week. Not a good public speaker-boring. Went to class EVERYDAY-only 10 pages of notes after the year. Not helpful nor interesting lectures!
Boring,most of class was asleep, does not involve class in lectures. No study guide and hard tests
so boring i brought a pillow to class, monotone voice, dosen't give a study guide and his tests are somewhat difficult, could care less how your doing in the class
sucks as a prof - avoid him for Child Psychology
hated his class. waste of time and money. hard exams
funny guy, but doesn't cover material for exams
This professor could put himself to sleep. You will learn very little. Avoid!!!
First of all avoid every section he teaches, no hope for students, NEEDS HELP
Single handly the most boring professor who ever walked the GVSU halls..AVOID!
Never really went to class and still managed a C. Just does powerpoints most of the time and doesnt explain very well. Overall good guy, but you're really on your own if you want to get an A
I don't recommend this professor.
This prof. put the students down all the time. He does not respect student at all. He told us we are monkeys and need to take medication before we come to class..Hard to follow his lecture, exams are difficult. He is a narcissist that thinks he is the most important thing in the world. I don't recommend him at all.
Do not take this prof.
He is not very easy to follow, does not go into detail in lecture and the exams are nothing like what is gone over in class. I feel like I learned nothing about pathophys. after taking his class. He should not be allowed to teach this course. Take another prof if at all possible.
He is a very bad professor! Everything he talks about isn't on the test, BUY THE BOOK! You'll need it to pass!
I think he is terribly boring and teaches to high school freshman. The exams are difficult even though the material covered in class is remedial. I would not recommend taking his course.
This class is also known as hs 100. I would not recommend this professor. The class is way too slow and it felt like a waste of my time for learning. If you're not in for long lectures and random one-minute papers, this class isn't for you.
His tests are so unclear. He spends so much time on the notes during class and then when test time comes, the answers are ridiculous! For every question there are like 2 or more possible answers. Its hard to pay attention because all he does is lecture.
Ledrick's not real organized during lecture--he's kind of all over the place, which makes it really hard to absorb biology. He's not real responsive to students. Tests are pretty easy if you study--and often extra credit gives you a nice bump up a letter grade. You could do worse.
I loved his glasses, they were hot. He was a jerk though
DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO TEACH. Knows the material really well but couldnt teach if his life depended on it. If u read on your own & teach yourself youll be okay cuz the test material is all from the book. No point in going to lecture except attendance quizzes
Horrible teacher. He is all over the place in his lectures and is unwilling to answer any questions you have. And you will have questions seeing as you have to teach the class to yourself.
Worst prof. i've ever had. blames everything on students when its really his fault on teaching! i had to drop his class cuz i was failinng it. (just a note: i've never ever got close to failing a class) very disappointed in his effort to teach us.
Confusing man! I am a nursing major and got a B in the class! His lectures go nowhere and the exams are unpredictable. He was not organized with grades. I found him difficult and it was basically the second time around that I learned the material!
This is the worst teacher I have ever had. Anyone who says he is a good 120 teacher must be great bio students. But the average student will struggle. Gives extra crdt quizes but that is so not EVERYONE fails his class...just most everyone!
His class is very difficult, and he does not explain anything very well. He goes over some things in class, but his test go into a lot of detail. You need to either go on the book's website or read the chapter.
Awful prof...Lectures are ridiculously hard to follow, exams are horribly unpredictable, too much info, not helpful at all, turned a 100 level course into a 1000 level course. Get out while you can.
If you have him drop and get a new prof. Tests go into great detail...more than necessary...and nothing is cleary explained. He spends more time telling stories than teaching material that is relevant to this course. Get out while you can!
doesnt explain information
Terrible prof. He is extremely scatterbrained and his lectures have no structure. You will learn nothing from this class, get out of his class while you can!!!
Not very helpful. Jumps around a lot and hard to follow. Knows what he is talking about but does not explain it well. Do not ask questions because you will only be more confused. Overall bad teacher but a nice guy.
This is the worst science teacher I have ever had. He is unclear and continues to jump from thought to thought. I switched my major because of this man. Don't take his class!
He is the worst prof ever he will make a really easy class very hard. If you have him get out!!!
Tries to cover too much information in a lecture and winds up jumping from subject to subject and never finishing a thought.
dont bother asking questions, he will just make you feel stupid.
messy, disorganized, covers wayyyy too much material in one class period then tests on minutiae.
hard lab teacher because the quiz questions are only concerned with details.
good at first then he lost it, very unorganized and unclear
He was very unclear. He tested on info not talked about in lecture or in book.
Very hard tests, impossible to learn anything from him, read the book and use cd
Very, very hard tests. You never now what is going to be on them. Unorganized.
awful professor--notes are unclear and not at all organized!
Went to get help from him, told me he had 100 students and didn't have the time
Very irritating man. Tests are harder than they need to be. Random facts.
Tests are impossible to study for, unclear what content will be on them.
Not good person
I'm going to put this very simple, ineffective teacher. I am now taking the class over with another professor and it is amazing how much easier the class is to learn now.
Pretty hard. Changes his demeanor from easy going Joe on normal days to prime Tyson, all is business, mr. Serious on exam day. Do yourself a favor and run this guy,
This guy is impossible and a bad teacher! I studied hours for these tests and did terrible! Don't take this class with him!
Wow this class sucked. He did not cover relevant material in class and the tests simply blew everyone away. The way he acts in class is casual and fun, but when it comes exam time HE SLAPS YOU IN THE FACE. Ridiculous exams. Take him if you want to take this class twice.
One of the worst teachers I've ever had. Make sure you do all the recommended examples out of the book, because he won't teach you in class but rest assured, they'll be on the test. Likes to switch words around from online quizzes to trick you too. Lets you use a cheat sheet on the tests, but doesn't give you enough time to use it. DON'T TAKE HIM
Tests are impossible and online quizzes fail to incorporate any sort of learning of the material. I agree with everyone the best thing GV could do is send Griggs packing.
Does boring problems day after day. Fails to teach concepts or why things occur in finance. Simply terrible i would strictly advise not taking him, and grand valley letting him go.
Good person but terrible prof. Tests were impossible. The first test was on like 5 chapters while the rest only covered 3. He advises students to drop and I should've listened. I studied hard...over 10 hours a week and still got a C-. Final is crazy...the class average was 64.5%. DO NOT TAKE if possible.
Wow this class is terrible.griggs has gotta go
Get ready to teach yourself the material. Your best chance is to buy the book and self study and show up on exam days, because going to the class sure doesn't help.
Terrible Prof.
If you enjoy professors who pride themselves off of watching students fail, this course is for you
The worst professor I have ever had. After he hands back exams he will tell you that he knew you didn't know it so he had to put it on there. Loves to watch students fail. Doesn't teach a thing. If you don't ask he won't tell so you better teach yourself because he won't. If you have him get out or take the W.
Griggs is a terrible prof period. The worst i've had at GV. Any positve comments are written by him himself.
avoid at all costs.......just keep reading
Don't be fooled by the positive hype. This man is a real jerk. His lectures are entertaining but the material is poorly covered. I carry a 3.6 and struggled to post a C. The exams, which are your total grade, are purposefully ambigious and Griggs seems to find that funny. Frustrating. Learned little
Being smart, I thought I could handle his tests. Although he is a great guy, he does not convey necessary material during lecture. His tests really are impossible! Good luck if you have him, you will need it!!
curves grade, but very hard tests
If you feel like taking this class twice Franks your man. Class is easy and tests are impossible. You can memorize every chapter and still fail.
Worst professor I have ever had. He blames students for not knowing material not covered in class. Only shows how to work problems during lecture and then tests you on concepts for tests. Test are impossible to prepare for especially multiple choice.
If you feel like teaching yourself finance he is your man. Very nice guy. Very bad Prof. Lectures and homework are easy but exam are impossible. Read the book and pray because that is the only way you'll pass.
I ABSOLUTELY HATED THIS CLASS! Griggs is a nice enough guy, but he is THE WORST PROFESSOR I've ever had! I learned NOTHING from this class! His tests were impossible and graded poorly and he didn't teach us ANYTHING useful. Thanks for NOTHING, Griggs!!!!
Teaches problems not conepts. Funny but thats it, Lacks caring for students need
Tests are very hard and not graded well.
Horrible professor! Does NOT TEACH ANTYHING Won't explain them clearly! GET OUT!
Worst teacher at GVSU, great guy but horrible teacher.
She picks favorites. Guys will have a better chance in her class if they flirt with her. She grades based on opinion and is difficult to get along with if you have differing views. She makes up words and expects you to understand what they mean. (fush fush, ditty, mistook, etc) VERY annoying voice. I would recommend a different prof.
very unclear
Simply goes through the text and tells class to "learn this part" for test. Whats the point of coming to class? She needs to returning to teaching at CC.
Has her favorites, and if you're not one of them it will hurt you. Tends to be obnoxious and has a large project that is ridiculous, but other than the project class requires little work.
horrible prof. learned more from the book then I did from her. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS if you need a good grade, tests are impossible, she is a drama queen priss
Before a test, we asked what kinds of things we should know for the test. Her response was that we should have all paid attention more to her lectures and we would already know. Not true-never stays on topic-but test me on her pens!
Ok, here’s the deal: The day before the test, we (as you know) had a substitute teacher that finished up the lecture for Maria. What you may NOT know, is that Maria was present in all her other classes for this section, and instead of just running throug
Maria is the worst professor I've ever had. She does not communicate what she expects on the projects clearly at all. Furthermore, her obnoxiousness is far too much to handle. I would rather suffer a stroke than take a class from her again.
She is the worst marketing teacher ever! She does not explain what she wants from her students on tests or the huge project you work on all semester! Oh yeah, and go to class, or your grade could be dropped a whole letter!
SHOULD NOT BE TEACHING!! She is everything wrong with a professor!
If you like to suck up in class then she is perfect for you, you will get an A. She told a student that she didnt pay attention when she graded... What does that say to you??
Confusing, gave us his own definitions ( which you have to write exactly what he says on exams to get credit) and half the time is wrong with what everyone else the concept is. Also will not answer your questions and will interupt you when you are asking a question
NOPE. Do yourself a big ol' favorite and get out of his class while you can. Even though he's relatively easy, dealing with him every week isn't worth it. He is incredibly passive aggressive and argues with students if they don't agree with something or asks a question. Buying the book is also useless because he only teaches his opinion anyways.
Professor Hodge was the most confusing I have ever had. He would go over the book just to tell us it was all wrong. If you don't write word for word what he lectured in class on the exams, he will mark it down. Has many sayings he repeats over and over again like "Come on guys", "Do you hear what I'm saying"
He is bad - But not THAT bad. Go to class, sit in the front and make sure he remembers your name. One 15-page research paper, three exams that are all essay. He can be annoying but if he can remember your name and your face, you'll do well.
Hodge got in a lawsuit against GVSU...and they settled. Part of the settlement was that he could still teach. That's the only reason I believe he's still around, because he's an embarrassment to the educating profession. I've lost all faith in GVSU after having this man as a professor...he's an absolute disgrace.
Worst Prof in my 4 years at GV. Only way to get an A is to continually kiss up to him and stroke his ego.Tests don't really contribute to final grade, and are more determined on whatever he wants. Very frustrating class.I am shocked and embarrassed that GV has allowed him to teach more than 1 semester let alone for over 20 years.
Terrible prof. Extremely frustrating to talk to. Definitely DEFINITELY avoid him if you can. I'm really not one to complain, but this guy was bad. Very condescending and will not let you finish your thought when he calls on you to talk.
Without a doubt the worst professor I have ever had at Grand Valley. Complains about everything including giving a review for the exam that isn't helpful at all. Avoid at all costs!
He's mostly annoying but he's not a mean teacher. The only reason I would take him again is to have another easy class. There are 3 exams, paper, and attendance. It seems he makes up as he goes how points will be distributed for grades. He likes to say that he wouldn't like to put much emphasis on tests if we participated more.
Professor Hodge is a complete abomination. His opinion of giving feedback on papers is offering general advice to everyone in the class at once. Such as: "You all need to write more" and "Work on your transitions". Don't bother seeing him in office hours, all he told me was that I was a B student and that I am bad at writing.
"Tell me I'm wrong! TELL ME I'M WRONG!!!" Yes John, you're ****ing wrong!!!
Professor Hodge is not a completely bad person - just a horrible professor. Teaches basing on his opinions and shows signs of favoritism. I do not believe students can gain success from him and his classes. Also, he did go against the University in court back in 97 - and won - it's not hard to understand why he is still teaching.
Tell me I am wrong: He does not discuss much of 'the principles of management' and usually disagrees with textbooks: that sounds dangerous to me: especially his teaching really involves his perspectives and lots of opinions. A lot of discussions come back to some general, broad ideas about liberal management and to some basic psychology principles.
Absolutely the worst professor I have ever had, and I even got an A in the class! Completely subjective, grades based on whether he likes you, and does not teach a single fact. Its all about his liberal opinions and his own misguided experiences. I did not learn a single thing worth retaining, and I never wanted to walk out of a class so badly!
Absolute worst professor I've had so far at GV. Grading is arbitrary. Talks non-sense most of the time. If I could go back and drop any professor I've taken, it would be Hodge. Worthless, worthless class...
All the bad things that are said are 100% true. He made my semester completely horrible. Dreaded going to class but have to show in order to pass. I would do everything possible to get out of his class. You will not regret it.
Watch out if you take this guy- get on his GOOD side RIGHT away. You will likely learn nothing from this class and he will grade you on a whim. Attend every class and PARTICIPATE, that's the only real way to do well. I recommend choosing another prof if you want to learn and be graded fairly.
Hate him! He is rude and doesn't know what he is talking about. This is my second time taking him, hated him then and hate him now. He loves participation but the grade is in no way easy because you have to stop yourself from telling him off...all the time.
What a terrible class! Possibly my worst experience at GVSU. I cannot believe the **** lectures, tests, and random nonsense that went on. The class sucked too, too many stupid people always giving their opinions. Dont argue with this man, he is super arrogant! Awful, awful, senior class, no wonder the HR program is bad with him and McKenda
This man is a pompous jackass that changes the grading scale on a whim because he didn’t like the questions he put on his own tests. Also, he says “can you hear me?” a lot. In one class, I counted and he said it 79 times in a 3 hour class.
He is the reason why I really struggle with tenure. What a jerk. Can you hear me, man?
Um, where to begin on him.... He is not clear at all, and tries to be funny. All you need to do is get on his good side, and talk during class. He grades on how well he likes you. Period. I sucked up, and never even opened the book, and got a B+.
His poor speaking ability leads to very confusing lectures; it makes you wonder if he even knows what he's talking about. Unless you have the ability to read his mind and write essays exactly as he would write them, your grade will suffer. Honestly one of the worst professors I have ever had.
Terrible!!! Do not take him!! He says your grade depends on 3 test and 1 paper. The paper is a minimum of 12 pages and he will give you know help. And the 3 test are all essay. And DO NOT be absent. Everything on the test is what he says and he'll tell you every day about how he values participation.
HORRIBLE!!!Am I makin sense big guy?Tell me I'm wrong.I teach management...this is all you will hear the whole class.He is the most arrogant **** ever & the worst prof. at GV by far.Not clear at all & contradicts himself constantly.Tests are not that bad,just write down what "he said" in class.Try to avoid him if you can!!!!
Entire class is his opinion and he is under the impression that his opinion is fact. Entire class grade is based on whether you attend, agree with him and his personal feelings toward you. Perfect class if you don't plan on using this informating ever again through out your life...waste of money, waste of time, waste of faculty. DO NOT TAKE HIM!
This is the most ignorant guy I've ever met. If he just taught and didn't ask "do you hear where I'm comin from?" we could finish the class in two days. He's an absolute idiot...an annoying one.
Do you see what I'm sayin' sir? Do you hear me? I teach concepts. Those three phrases you will hear over 30 times a class. This guy sucks. Worst taught class ever.
By far the worst prof I've ever had. He bases your test grades on how much of HIS OPINION you put in the answers. Marks lots of things wrong that are really right so always go back through your exam when you get it back. You aren't allowed to disagree with him. The whole class is just based on his opinion of things, which is usually wrong.
Bring a translator. This dude speaks fluent Arrogant. His idea of dialogue is, "Tell me I'm wrong, sir!" If you disagree with him he will be right. If he can't be right, he has the balls to say that you are saying the same thing as him. Even if you are saying the exact opposite.
Is this management 331...i guess this is the place to be, do you understand what im sayin sir, do you here me, come on now guys quiet down, do we get out at a quarter after or a quarter till, tell me im wrong, aint nobody rational, if you take hodge this is all you will here, he is terrible!!WARNING
he sued gvsu and lost, now takes it out on students
The only thing I learned is he teaches "concepts" and "big guy"!! outside of class Hodge is great.. P.S make sure he learns your name..because that's all you will ever here in his class (over and over and over)the book is a waste of money... because he teaches his own set of "real world concepts"
If it means anything, I went to the head of the MGT dept. and complained...that's how bad it was. He has no systematic grading system and admits he cannot lecture! He needs to retire asap.
Possibly the worst class ever, with the worst prof. Didn't learn a thing b/c prof is lazy. Lectures are pointless, prof totally contradicts the book and did not help, just confused me even more everytime I asked a question. So glad I am done with this man, will never take a class w/ him again.
this is by far the worst prof i have ever had, gotta love it when he makes rude remarks towards you in the middle of his class, I WOULD NEVER TAKE A CLASS FROM HIM!
this dude is nuts, tell me im wrong.... omg im gonna kill him if he asks me to raise my hand one more time, this is the most pointless class, hope u remember what he says exactly, otherwise you get it wrong on the test, good luck,
Horrible Prof. He distracts his own lecture by saying "Do you hear me man?" "Am I making sense?" "Tell me I'm wrong!" You won't learn much, don't read the book, just take notes. He also grades randomly. His tests are all essay and only have topics discussed in class.
In all my years of college (more than 4!) the worst prof. EVER. Didn't learn one thing, terrible waste of my money, I think he's a disgrace to GVSU.
If all you are looking for is an easy A this is your class. You will learn nothing. This instructor is obnoxious, does not handle questions well, and possibly could have taught the Enron executives with his misguided "real world" examples.
If you are an HR major and are taking any classes from him DONT...Change the section now. You wont learn anything. Especially do not take labor and employment law from him.
In all my five years of college, he is the worst professor I have ever came in contact with.
Horrible professor! The guy IS the ladies man! You hear me man? Tell me I'm wrong!!
Terrible. Wonders why he isn't promoted, because he can't teach
Very intelligent man... very bad teacher... seriously, tell me I'm wrong!
CAN:T BELIEVE THEY HAVEN'T FIRED HIM!!!! WORST PROF EVER IN GVSU!
Tell me I'm wrong. Am I making sense? very repetitive, says book is wrong
Has favorites, listen to everything he said and talk!! Then you will do well.
Really Cunfusing to listen to. Poor structure to class. AVOID
Am I making sense? Do you see where I am coming from?
Likes Participation, Very subjective and moody, The class is mainly theory
He is AWFUl! Unhelpful, rude, unfair, dispicable!!
No class structure, complains, learned nothing, NEEDS TO BE FIRED, DO NOT TAKE!
fire him
crazy - horrible - subjective - worst teacher I've ever had - learned nothing
take him to court and take his tenure away for god's sake!!!
tenure rules need to be overhauled
dispespectful, unfair, tenured-that sucks
This guy is whacked. Get rid of him
All I can say is that he is a terrible teacher and DROP this prof immediately!!!
He's unreasonable and nasty, GVSU can't get rid of him because he's tenured.
Tough, you must play his game to win.
Worst prof ever! Plays favorites, GVSU should be embarassed for hiring him!
You have no idea where he's coming from. "Am I making sense?"
DROP THIS CLASS!!!!!!
Its not worth your time to put up with a teacher as bad as this.
Hopefully you read these comments before the drop deadline.
Beware of the Research paper! His method of teaching is anal
IMPOSSIBLE. grades you down just for spite. Stay out. SERIOUSLY
THIS PROFESSOR IS EXTREMELY DIFFICUTLT, UNCLEAR AND SUBJECTIVE. STAY OUT!!!!!!!
This guy it the worst teacher I have ever had. GVSU should be embarrassed!
Drop NOW! I'll graduate late just so I don't have to take him, he's that bad!
Unprofessional, arrogant, and has a subjective grading scale
Impossible. This guy shouldn't be teaching.
Likes his favorites... - if he does not like you you will fail
The only way to get a good grade is to kiss up to him.
Dr. Golden was one of my least favorite professors that I have had at Grand Valley. I did not learn a single thing in this course. He never posts grades throughout the semester and he is often unclear about his expectations. However, I will say that he did a good job in establishing a feel good student learning environment.
While he's a nice guy his class is way too much work for the lack of instruction and clear guidelines. He uses one google doc instead of blackboard which is annoying because you have to constantly check that doc. No grade book so you don't know what you get until the class is done. Expect tons of busy work and too many hours spent on assignments.
Nice guy but extremely unclear. no class structure and absolutely useless when it comes to being helpful. cant stand this class or him as a professor
He DOES NOT TEACH. I don't know what he is getting paid to do. Seriously, GET OUT OF HIS CLASS WHILE YOU STILL CAN!
You'll either love or hate his style. He just hands out worksheets and expects you to learn on your own. Really laid back and funny guy, but he just can't or won't teach. I'm conflicted because I've learned absolutely nothing, but he's so cool you almost feel guilty for hating this class.
Doesn't teach. Activities suck. Nice guy, but worst prof ever.
I agree he is extremely unorganized. This is not fair towards his students. Help
Didnt love him at all
I liked his class at first but It all went down hill when he was snarky to me because I used my phone in class to take a picture of the board when he asked us to. Since then I wanted to attend the class less and he was rude more and more and is extremely passive aggressive to me outside of class. If you don't live and breath chem he's not for you.
Professor Matchett basically writes his exams with the full intent of tricking you. He wrote his own E-textbook and it is almost impossible to follow because it is so random. I wouldn't recommend taking this class with him. He's a nice guy who loves chemistry, but teaches it like we are all geniuses and already know the material.
if you have a bad chm 115 and you take him for chm116 you are going to fail.
EXAM IS SO HARD. 60 % of the class fail do not take him
SO MUCH WORK AND EXAM IS SO HARD. DO NOT TAKE HIM
I held off on reviewing till I retook 116 with DiCarlo. Its only a month into the course and the difference is day and night. Anyone who is repulsed by pompous teachers who don't care about their students, loads of online homework that marks you wrong for sig figs and crashes all the time, and a noncaring "you can only help yourself attitude" avoid
You've gotta be kidding me. All of these high marks and he isn't in any way an impressive teacher. I am disappointed I listened to the reviews here and am now stuck in his class. People i was in 115 with, even the ones who did bad say Herrington is a great teacher. Matchett is arrogant and only has one way of doing everything and it gets annoying.
Very very intelligent and helpful professor... makes chemistry very fun and easy.. his tests are difficult but would definitely recommend it
HORRIBLE! If you're not a chem genius, DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!
Very unhelpful teacher, quite a smartass, and hard class, don't take him!
He makes you feel stupid if you don't understand something the first time.
claims to want to help, but turns away students when the approach him. EVIL!!!!
Horrible unless you are a Chem genius. He's the DEVIL. Exams are HELL.
Avoid at all costs!!!!!!!
I took a hybrid class, and not once did I learn any information from her in class or through her lectures. She posts documents online, expects you to complete them before class, and then does not teach you the information. She's a horrible. Always has unclear directions and no guidelines for you. These other reviewers must have had a diff professor
You have to do a LOT on your own. She kind of expects you to be at a graduate level. Very hard course. I will take her again. She just expects you to be at her level and she has no patience for lazy people.
Your grade strictly depends on how you do on the exam. He provides no notes, no powerpoints. Only provides a five page outline and does not explain the concepts. The exams were very hard even if you some how got all the information down for the concepts. Do not take this gen ed from this professor.
I failed every single one of his test which sucks because thats the only thing your grade depends on. During lectures he provides a outline of the topics and discusses it but he talks so fast you can't get it all down. When it comes to test its impossible to study for because there is study guides so you don't know what to study for. AVOID HIM!!!
I was a psych major before taking his course and now I've changed it to exercise sciences. I am a visual learner and learn better with lectures with power points. During his lectures he provides you only outlines and he talks so fast you are too busy trying to write everything down he says instead of understanding the material. NO study guides!
Get out while you can, especially if you're a psych major! He will make you rethink your major after you see your grade on his exams. Half my class dropped it before the refund date because it was so hard. He reads right from the power points that are online, but his exams are so in depth, and they're extremely confusing.
he works two fast for me to keep up with what he is saying
I would rather be shot in the face then take this class
Hated it. It would be better and more helpful if he had some sort of study guide or review before the exams. If you aren't good at taking extremely fast and thurough notes, don't take him. Funny guy, though.
Horribly hard class! Tests are impossible, lectures are scattered! Got not much help when I went to see him at his office hours! I wish I had never taken this class! I'm an A student and Im failing it! There arent many assignments to help you pull your grade up!
Class was so hard!
his tests could be the hardest and most ridiculous tests that I have ever taken in my life. He could be the worst teacher at grand valley. DONT TAKE HIS CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Terrible exams, boring lectures, too many kids in the class; his voice is nasaly and annoying.
Not willing to help. Handles tough issues jokingly and tacky!
He's on a power trip! Doesn't like to be called on the carpet! Loves himself!
trash, trash trash
note: I was in the honors section. He was still horrible. Lecture was a snooze, and a waste. Just give an overview on religion and how they differ. Not in touch with his audience.
The WORST handwriting ever. Where does the test material come from because it is very obscure.
horrible, boring. lectures had nothing to do with the stuff on the tests
HORRIBLE!!!! The worst! You teach yourself!!!!!!
If you know how to read a textbook and study, you can pass Ishak's class. Assignments and papers are easy enough if you put the time in. But here's a bit of advice: RUN FAR AND RUN FAST. Do not take this professor. He is one of the most awful people I've ever met, let alone the worst professor.
Professor is extremely arrogant and rude to all students. Comes off very pretentious and talks down to students. Also has made inappropriate statements during lectures. All being said, if you stick it out and get all the assignments up and stay up on the material, you will learn a lot and the class will be rewarding.
Taking his class right now. worst professor at GVSU so far. His assignments take 5 hours to complete but only worth 6 points. he is rude demanding arrogant and obnoxious. he will not listen to anything and if you ask a question you wont get a straight answer. avoid at all cost.
Absolutely terrible and blatantly favors international students.
I honestly believe that the comments that refer to Prof Ishak as the "best teacher ever" must be written by Ishak himself. He is arrogant,rude, demeaning, & many other things that an effective teacher is not. His expectations are inconsistent & unrealistic. The material is not difficult, but the workload is unbelievable. Take it with someone else.
Assigns over 40 papers-not even a SWS class-that are worth maybe 2 points each. Doesn't teach anything and expects students to read and memorize the entire book
Avoid! Very demanding, rude, and makes you feel worthless. Class is a waste of time, and he does not teach a single thing. Memorize every word in the book for the tests. Assignments take forever to complete, but are barely worth any points. Take with another professor, it will save you a lot of stress.
The most demanding Prof I've ever had. Be prepared to teach yourself from the book as he does not cover anything unless you specifically ask him to. Worked so hard but the grade will not reflect that. The tests are impossible. Avoid this class and this prof.
By far one of the worst teachers you will ever have. Does not teach but rather forces you to read the book and expects MEMORIZATION for tests/quizes. Only questions during classtime and if none are asked then a quiz is automatic as he believes you've mastered the material already. He is tenured thus unable to be fired. Class is a joke.
He spent the entire class complaining about GVSU and the other insturctors. Very Negative and not nice. AVOID at ALL COSTS. I am taking this class again with someone else. Run Away, and fast!!!
If you memorize the entire book, sit in the front of the class and try to answer his questions, you may pass the class. The test are on the book material, but he covers NONE of it in class. Avoid At All Costs!!!
I don't even know what to say. The class is by far the hardest ever, objectives are not very clearly outlined. He does have them in the syllabus, but operates under a different set. Information covered on tests is found in the book, but the answers he wants are not. I spoke with him before taking our second test, and still did poorly. AVOID!!
hardest class ever and he never liked to help.
He is proud of his fast feedback, if only it was legible. He interrupts, he's rude and likes to dis accounting students. I'm glad he's on sabaticle next year. None of what he goes over in class is relevant to the book. If you are a very independant person WHO HAS AN OPINION, don't take this class.
This guy is terrible. I didnt pay attention to the comments because I have a 3.5 and think I can deal with each professor I have. I am going to finish with a C+ doing the most work i have ever done in a class. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!!!!!!!!!!
not a single lie on this page, from student to student i'm telling you to avoid him!! if you have to wait a semester, wait!
If you have a death wish...take him. The most stressful prof ever! He doesn't listen to his students, encourages participation then cuts them off while their speaking. Do yourself a favor and spare the agony.
HORRIBLE CLASS!! Do not take with professor unless absolutely NO choice.
The most useless class I have taken at GVSU. Prof lords over the class: unreasonable expectations, impossible exams, generally an opinionated horse's ass. I carry a 3.72 and struggled in this "elective" MGT class. I am not impressed w/ prof, textbook (HORRIBLE), or experience in general. Asked what we learned today... couldn't think of a thing.
DO NOT TAKE W/ HIM! He does not cover material, does not listen to students, and does not care if you ask questions. This is by far the worst prof. I have encountered at GVSU. Why he still has a job I will never know!?!?
Arrogant, disorganized, lazy, and personally offensive. Assigns a lot of work with no follow-up or theme. Obviously has been teaching the same material for a long time and just wings it now. Re-hashes old transparencies from teh 80's.
My advice- don't take his class because if you do you WILL be teaching yourself the WHOLE class. He doesn't really listen to you when you speak. His class was the worst class ever....really EVER!
worst professor ever-arrogant, unwilling to listen, very unhelpful, should stop teaching-thinks his twisted opinion is a fact_AVOID AT ALL COSTS
Rude and arrogant. Expects you to learn the material on your own. He spent about two hours lecturing over the course of the entire semester. View his class as a test of how well you can get along with people.
Everyone else has described him and his class quite well, so my words of advice: DON'T DO IT!(it really is a self study, memorization class)
Class has no direction. Is arrogant, egotistical ----! Have learned nothing, have to teach yourself. Expects you to memorize verbatim 20 chapters in 14 weeks, by yourself. Does no in class teaching. Should not be a professor, rather a prison warden.
He is the most unorganized professor ever!! Sylabus...what's that, never used it, never followed it. Thank god he is leaving for Europe in December so next semester's students won't have to deal with his crap. I would recommend dropping him if possible.
Worst teacher ever. Exams are impossible. Lectures are boring and non-important. Gives no direction as to what to study for exams.
Ishak loves to make his students feel stupid and inferior. Provides no direction for learning. Does not teach what he tests on. His exams are outrages and impossible to receive a decent grade.
Terrible. He won't answer your questions and seems to enjoy making people feel stupid. The class is pointless and the essay exams impossible.
Horrible teacher. Gets off on ridiculing his students. Grades unfairly. Is the worst professor I have ever had. Very rude, and does nothing to help students prepare for his exams. Would not take his class again if my life depended on it.
Awful. He'llmeet with you outside of class to "offer help" but really its just so he can tell you in private how stupid you are, but he has no problems telling you that in class either. Drive to Holland and take this class with Wolterink. Trus
WORST prof ever-do not take if your life depends on it-i dont know what these ppl r talking about-he is not a good teacher-arrogant, hard garder and MEAN MEAN
If your not from HARVARD your nothing!!! Arrogant, rude, and full of himself. Tests are a nightmare ( A paper not possible )
Insults people's intelligence, very arrogant, tests were impossible. AVOID ISHAK
15hrs/wk work- you learn a lot from the sheer volume, but he's arrogant and RUDE
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROF!!
Alot of work-Does not Teach-Anybody w/a 2yr degree can do what he dose!
if this is only class your taking.. then good luck.. otherwise AVOID proff !!
belittles intelligence
Avoid him at all costs! very intimidating. I had nightmares about the class.
Are you kidding me? I honestly believe this man is Satan.
The meanest man I ever met from Harvard, a shame for Harvard! Poor teaching!
Amount of work required is not worth the credits recieved. avoid instructor!
extremely difficult, he graduated from harvard, expects that from you also
DO NOT take this class. There is impossible amounts of work.
Had him in 1986. Some things never change!
Makes a relatively easy subject very difficult.
Worst teacher ever. Doesnt teach well at all
This man, and understand I'm taking this class online during the pandemic so this might not be applicable if this lockdown gets resolved, but he is the singular worst teacher I've had in college. He simply is lazy and does not care one bit, he's recorded lectures are unacceptably horrid. Poor resolution and poorer audio quality. NEVER RESPONDS.
This quizzes this man gives are more about semantics than economics. They would be easy except he has to make the wording as complicated as possible for simple questions. His lectures are fine, nothing extraordinary.
Horrible Class. Exam average under 70% for all exams. All notes are handwritten during class, and his handwriting is illegible most of the time. Good luck if you miss a class, better have a friend who was there. Overcomplicates everything and asks VERY abstract conceptual questions for exams/online quizzes. Also no practice for quanitative problems
Oh my lord! What a waste of money class! It sucked ass!!
WORST MATH EVER!! I stronley recommend taking someone else unless you want to teach yourself. I'm really good at math but I was totally clueless. It's sad when you fail open book, open note tests. That's how ridiculous it is. He doesnt even know what he's talking about half the time. Take someone else.
I thought I had seen it all when it came to Math Professors. By far, this one beats them all. He allows you to use your books, notes, etc on all tests and exams but he can't teach to save his life. His final exam in my opinion was an epic fail. Oh did i mention I've gotten As in Math for 12 yrs. He ruined my GPA. You have to be willing to work hard
This class is easy but HORRIBLY BORING! He drones on and on and on and on. It really isnt necessary to find 12 different ways to solve 1 problem, but for some reason he thinks it is! :X Sitting through this class for 2 hours makes me want to kiiiiiiill myself!
Rude. Told class who best student was. Daily said "I don't feel like teaching"
If you take this professor get ready to spend a lot of time studying for exams. There were four exams total with the last one being cumulative. When our class performed in the 50s for the class average for an exam he came to the next period and told us that it was our fault and not his fault. Doesn't answer questions very well, especially for OH.
Yeah, this professor is by far the worst one i've ever encountered. Doesn't even answer any of your questions and acts better than you even though you're his student he makes sure you know he's smart. Don't take this class.
You will not get an A, prof makes it a point too that no one will get an A. There was way to much work required for this course and it was impossible to stay on top of everything. Grades are not clear to student, exams are literally impossible, and too much homework and reading. He offers extra credit, but this was the hardest class by far.
Do not take this class, or this professor for anything. If you have to pick between Burg and Kurjiaka though, pick Burg.
Its possible to get an A, just for maybe a handful of students. You either need to be gifted or studying for at least 4-5 hours a day to receive a good grade. He believes in one learning style and believes that students that dont that dont watch his hours of lectures outside of class to prepare for the class dont want to succeed. Heavy course.
Professor Burg was extremely rude and made this subject way more harder than it had to be. Yes I understand this class was never supposed to be a cake walk however, he turned one of my most favorite subject and made me hate it. Has no empathy whatsoever, makes you feel dumb and his lecture videos were so boring. He even threatened our careers.
In person discussions were a waste of time. Someone would ask a question and he would never answer it yet talk for 10 minutes. During a discussion he asked if I had started the hw that was due in four days, I said no. He told me that I should be more on track and scolded me in front of everyone. He is much more patient with his white students.
Martin Burg was the worst professor I have ever had at GVSU. He expected us to be all knowing and marked down everything he could. He told me I should study harder and spend more time studying when I went to him but I had a tutor, study group, and studied more than any other class. He only cares about his flies. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! He ruined me.
DO NOT take Burg! He was by far the worst professor I have ever had at gvsu. His lectures are beyond boring, as he reads his slides word for word in a monotone voice. When it comes to the tests, he expects you to be a genius and the exams are very difficult. He is very rude to his students and he is not very helpful during his office hours.
DON'T DO IT. You can tell that Burg is very smart, but is a terrible professor. He has four exams throughout the semester, and all of them have very low class averages. They are extremely specific, and if you don't write exactly what he wants to hear in the essay questions, he won't give you credit. I recommend finding someone else for physiology.
His tests are insane difficult. Got a D on every single exam and cried in his office multiple times. Would not recommend.
Literally the worst professor, extremely rude and horrible at explaining. Avoid him at all costs. Doing better in orgo than his class.
He is a chemistry professor teaching physiology and that is very evident. Very, very hard and boring.
one of the worst prof's Ive ever had.
Seemed to expect us to be experts on everything before he even talked about it in class. Tests were very difficult and specific.
It takes a lot for me to say I'm doing better in organic chemistry than this class. which should not be the case. he reads from the slides and exams are very difficult. I get good grades in everything yet this class I will have to retake. also, he saves homework for the weekend before exams
DO NOT TAKE HIM. He makes you memorize pointless mechanisms and is unclear with all of his criteria for the class. He is arrogant and has a monotone voice that will put you right to sleep. He makes himself seem available, but his office hours are pointless, he just talks about himself. He saves loads of homework for the week before the test.
Burg is an awful prof. He treated the class like a 400 level instead of 200 and had unrealistic expectations. He's a nice guy and makes himself overly available to students but his exams are impossible. Exams have essays and short answer and if you don't say EXACTLY what he expects you fail. 290 is a difficult class but he makes it so much worse.
It's definitely possible to do fairly well in class, but it's not easy. Lectures are long and dull, and his explanations aren't very good or helpful. I would recommend doing the review questions and reading the book after going to lecture to try to understand the material better. Pretty much everything discussed in lecture is on the exams.
Awful. BMS 290 is tough regardless of the prof, but of the 3 times I took it, Burg was the worst. Each prof specializes in a topic, his being action potentials. However, the amount of lecture spent covering A.P.'s wasn't commensurately represented on his exams. Exams used tricky wording to trip you up, and insanely long essays. Scatterbrained.
Burg is awful-can't break down concepts for students to learn. Tests are hard, and his grading is terrible. My roommates and I did homework together and we each would have a different grade. His answers would also be different on each of our assignments. When asked why he had different answers for each of us, he blew us off and never explained why.
Run. Do not take Burg. He will tell you how unimportant this class is to him compared to his Physiology class. I am a straight A student and will most likely get a B or even a C in class. I have attended every lecture, taken notes and studied hard. He is so unclear what he wants from you and is incredibly arrogant. The finalimpossible.
Do not reccommend. Started the semeser w/ 24 students, ended with 10. It wasn't just bc the subject material was difficult; Burg wasn't great. I would go to his office to have him look over reports, he would make a bunch of changes and correct 'mistakes'. After I turned it in, my paper would be completely marked up on changes he made. Awful prof.
I was very disappointed with this professor. He was not easy to talk to and rarely answered questions when asked. I studied so hard and never got above a C on his exams. And he was rude. I would definitely not recommend him at all, and switch out if you can.
He is a legend in his own mind. Unprofessional in the way he treats students who ask for help. Grand Valley is the only place that would hire him & that's why he is unhappy & always complains. Most positive comments are written by him (... -> quite a few like this). God help his new studetns coming in. You will learn nothing.
He is a legend in his own mind. Most positive comments on this board are written by him (... -> quite a few like this). Unprofessional in the way he treats students who ask for help. Not qualified to teach, that's why he's at Grand Valley & he's very unhappy with it, that is why he always complains. God help his new students coming in.
Worst teacher I've ever had. Lectures were unorganized, boring, confusing, and enjoyed talking about himself, how he didn't make enough money and about fruitflies. He babbles, gets off subject, complains about his life, very verbally abusive and cruel. He should get a job that involves working at the morgue where he can deal with the nonliving.
Switch out of his class if you have him for intro to research or physiology. I got the feeling that grading was biased. Depending on his mood he can be demeaning towards students who ask general or "simple" questions. Also, his lectures are unorganized and boring. I did better reading the book.
Pray every night that God will be with you because I am convinced this guy is satan. I swear I saw him breathe fire from his mouth and incinerated a student right to the desk. He invites you to his office only to bash you. He invites questions in lecture, again only to bash you. He does offer extra credit, but you'll fail all the exams.
When you go to him for help, he will talk to you about his life, he rambles in class and runs through the material even if no one understands... covers a lot in short time he favors women I worked hard for a C, I don't recommend him to anyone!
He is really rude, one of the worst profs i have had so far
This class sould be called Dr.Burg 101, he LOVES talking about himself and his research. The class itself isnt too hard but he loses your work and gets weeks behind. Dont expect to learn much.
The class isn't that hard. Infact it's quite boring. There are only two tests and no final. The only perk is that you really get to carry out your own research project. But, the whole time I felt like I was being taught by Barney.
Even though he may seem like a nice guy, he doesn't give extra credit, his tests are hard, and if you go see him for help he expects you to know everything. Change profs if you can!!
Two words: NAP TIME! You won't understand even if you pay attention, so whats the point? Take someone else if you can!
Awful, Awful professor. Too smart for his own good. Made you feel stupid if you didn't know the material before he taught it. Offered Many review sessions but made you feel like you were wasting his time when you attended.Switch Professors if want to pass
Not the best teacher I've ever had. I've learned more from a cereal box!! Quite rude and not very helpful. He did offer quite a few review sessions and homework assignments to supplement grades. If you want to actually learn from lecture - stay out!!
avoid him at all costs...do not take him!! horrible prof and is very very rude! knows what he is talking about but is too scatter brained to teach it!!!!
RUN AWAY - RUN FAR FAR AWAY!
mumbels too much. only is willing to help certain people otherwise you are insulted when visiting him to ask questions. tests excruiatingly painful.
HORRIBLE! He may know his material, but he doesn't teach it. Just reads off the powerpoint notes. Notes not helpful, just info to memorize. I learned more from the book than from him. Lecture was a waste- just fill in the blanks while he mumbles...
RUN! He is insulting to students that do not understand.Tests are IMPOSSIBLE to pass unless you have either taken the course before or can memorize every single word of your 200 pages of notes and be able to put them into essay form on tests. RUN
OH MY GOSH! His tests are terrible! Gives essay questions in science??? Lectures are boring because he posts notes on BB and then reads them during lecture! Insulting if you talk to him 1 on 1. DONT TAKE THIS PROF
He is a very hard teacher. He is confusing and extremely boring, plus he is incredibly picky on his test which are half essay. Take another prof!!!
Horrible prof, does nothing but confuse the entire class-- bail out if you get h
Impossible tests! worst prof i have ever had
He is the worst teacher I have ever had. He is the rudest person.
Horribly unprepared and very rude. Couldn't pay me to take him again.
I had this professor entirely online. Maybe he's a better teacher in person, but I got nothing from his lectures. It was near impossible to figure out what was due and when because he posted next to nothing to Blackboard. He yelled at students for getting things wrong and generally made me not want to participate in class ever.
Hrinca is the worst. Literally have to teach the entire course to yourself. He only reviews homework in class, you literally have to read the textbook and teach yourself the math, he does almost zero lecture in class, just pop quizzes and answers questions.
Dr. Hrinca is very intelligent and passionate about math, but that NEVER translates into his lectures, which are incredibly slow, boring, and rambling often going on long tangents. Gives unclear instructions and assignments, often forgetting about them, randomly demanding them, or changing the instructions. Gets mad at students for not loving math
He knows his stuff, but is terrible at teaching it
If you just want to pass with a C, this is the prof for you. However, if you need to take stats 2 you will be screwed. He doesn't grade anything until the final. He gives 100% on everything so even if you fail the final, you get a C. Not good prof.
i hated this man! he was rude and he tried to be funny and he was no where near that. if u want someone who yells all the time than go for him but i still would nt reccommend him!
He's very rude and quick to interrupt; very intimidating. He creates a negative tension within the classroom. Doesn't teach like other good math professors. Only shows examples and rants on unimportant sections while no one understands the important ones. Avoid this professor.
Was very bright and extremely grade adjustable. He made a deal to give everyone who completed an assignment an A going into the final (final was worth 30%). So basically you were guaranteed atleast a C. He is very rude to students however. If you can survive his attitude, you will most likely get an A.
His jokes from Russia are horrible and he gives way to much homework.
Embarassed an adult student by telling her to pay attention. Keeps the class at least 10 minutes late and thinks it's funny. Yells and tries to be intimidating. The worst experience I've had at Otterbein. Why is this guy teaching?
He doesn't make any sense. All I get at the end of the class is, "Yes" or "No, students." He doesn't give answers.
The most unclear, unhelpful, nasty math prof I've ever gotten stuck with. He should consider a job outside of academia.
OMG. He was SO HARD and you cant understand him! He does let you make up quizzes tho and get better grades if you go talk to him. But still IMPOSSIBLE TO LEARN!
If you already dislike math, this prof is one of your very worst nightmares. He doesn't seem to enjoy students or teaching. Has a strong tendency to throw temper tantrums during class. Suggestion: Get Out!!
"you americans cannot do math." and he doesn't accept homework that is more than one second late. not an environment conducive to learning.
Without a doubt worst prof ever. Colleges think he is a joke. Uses ****ing YouTube, & movies to teach. Seriously do not take this guy. He gives GVSU a bad name. I would expect better at a CC. I am getting pissed just writing this. What a ****ing moron. He loves Gangs of New York, thinks it is historically pertinent. I paid to be taught by Scorsese?
He was boring and very unclear of what he expected from the students. He was very unhelpful when asked questions.
No guidance, no feedback, nada. How do you improve your grade when you don't know what you're doing wrong? He seems laid back and easy-going, then WHAM! He hits you with a crappy grade and no explanation.
This is the prof. that blew my 4.0 (senior year)! Yes, class is fun & interesting, but grading is arbitrary and inconsistent. Plus no feedback, EVER! Just a number grade with no comments or reasons.
worst prof i ever had, pulled grades out of nowhere, predetermines student's abilities first day of class, lectures are boring as ever, never organized, if you have him GET OUT NOW!!!!
Tony is a mad history wizard
She is insane. There is no other way to put it. You cannot talk to her and she does all your grades by memory, not writing anything down. So at the end she just thinks up a grade for you. She won't know anyone's name throughout the semester so go figure on how she comes up with a participation grade for you. She majorly wastes class time.
She was the most unclear, rude person i've ever met. You'd have to pay ME to take her again.
Rude, doesn't treat student employees kindly. Thinks she's queen of MLL Department
VERY moody--maybe bipolar
Unorganized, poor teacher. Don't know how she figured out grades.
Seems like a nice person...but a very difficult woman to learn from.
I did not like Prof. Brian White AT ALL. His students either really like him or really hate him. I tried to talk to him about a required paper and treated me as though I were not worthy enough of his presence. :( -----------------------------------
You should feel lucky you don't want to kill yourself after having Hong.He makes you feel like such a failure and says "why don't you don't know that?!" when you ask a question.When we came to class,he wanted us to tell him what we read in the book; he never lectured, just asked us questions and told us we were wrong constantly.VERY unfair grading.
I understood more from the book, than I did from him or attending class.
WORST PROFESSOR EVER!!!
Awful teacher. He yells at you for asking questions, and makes you sound like a fool. He doesn't go over all the handouts, and his tests are hard. One class period he handed us a handout and did not go over it at all.. ( there was no point in coming to class that day) and when you asked a question, he said you should know how to do it.
Very hard to understand not only because of accent, but because he's so unclear on his lectures. Expects everyone to understand the first time. He'll make you look like a fool if you ask questions.
Avoid this professor with all cost. He is hard does not explain enough. Does not offer any type of format for exams. What he does tell you to study is not on the exams. Do not take him!!!
Avoid at all costs!! Hard to understand and notes are all over the place. Exams aren't bad but some info wasn't covered in class and the book won't help so notes are important. To make a long story short I am retaking this class!! I got a D. He sucks.
Hong is the worst teacher ever. You cant understand a word he says. He grades unfair and expects you to be a math wizard to pass his class. He thinks he is funny, but he's really just a jerk with a THICK accent.
REALLY confusing class with way too much homework and a hard grader. Everything is unclear most of the time, I really wouldn't recommend taking this class with him.
Prof. Hong was the worst professor that I have ever had. He is extremely unclear, and he gives awful notes. His grader is extremely harsh on the homework, but the tests are fairly easy. Do NOT take Stats with Hong.
Said he would help, then when asked he would ridicule you.
Awful Prof! Hard to understand. Had to retake class. Don't take this class!!!!
Very difficult to understand, had to retake course and did better w/dif. Prof.
Don't take him, thinks he is better than you, didnt like him at all
hard, don't take, mean to students who don't under stand, do homework!!!
Very good prof. Learn more English!!!
Treats students like they are kindergarteners. He's fake nice, and happy -avoid
dont worry everyone shes retiring so you guys are all lucky and dont have to deal with her
This lady is no good. She makes things so confusing and doesn't know how to properly teach or grade. She makes the students do work without ever teaching it. Awful. Grading system is terrible, doesn't teach anything so you have no clue what to expect but then she is an incredibly particular grader. Quizzes are bad, from the book without the info.
Honestly, just a really bad professor. She is a genuinely nice lady, she just doesn't really know what she's doing. Just seemed clueless a lot and taught myself most of the stuff including SAP. Somehow. I don't know. I'd definitely avoid her
She is a interesting professor in her own way. She knows the material but has a hard time displaying. Be ready to teach yourself. Do the exercises so you can be ready for the final project. Seek the ERP interns if you need more help. Best of luck and stress.
Worse teacher at GVSU. Is NOT helpful at all & loves to use the "in the real world" to cover up the fact that she will not help. Has little to no knowledge of SAP. Unfortunately she is the only instructor for this class.
Truly awful teacher, possibly the worst I've had at GVSU. She spends the whole class time talking about pointless topics and then puts together incredibly hard tests with questions that seem to come out of nowhere. She assigns projects without explaining how to do them, and takes off points without justification. Avoid her at all costs!
Horrible Teacher. Do not take her. , Waves around her masters that she received 30 yrs ago, as if that qualifies her as a good teacher. She has no clue how to use a computer, which is a problem considering it is completely a computer based class. She is ambiguous, and has an unorthodox grading style, she doesn't even know what she wants.
Do not let her be your professor. She understands little to nothing of the course material and can't answer student's questions. The notes she gave us were scattered, incomprehensible, and useless in studying for her exceptionally difficult midterm/final (sh*t study guilds too). She gets mad at students when no one understands what she's "teaching"
I wouldn't recommend anyone to take her. She is not helpful and really doesn't know the material.
Run for the hills. Not helpful at all.
She is aweful, and has no clue about anything with the topic.
ATTENTION! - run as fast as you can from this professor. The grading system I believe is trickery. At the end of the semester you may think your grade is one thing, yet you will receive another. And, she takes points away from half missed classes and absences. She does not curve her difficult tests. Take my advice and avoid at all cost.
The most uniformed, and unprofessional proffesor i have ever had so far!!! Gives very horroble lectures. Thinks that information system managment is the center of the world!!! I would never take this proffesor again, and would advise student not to take her. And this is not just my opinion, a lot of students from my class feel this way!!!
Very dull and uninformative
Horribly Boring. Grades very tough on open ended questions on exams. Unclear and seems like she has no idea what she is doing.
She blabs on in class for a long time about nothing and bored you to tears. Then she never explains stuff well so you spent most of the class with your hand up trying to get some help!
Horrible Grader! A true ****!
one of the worst profs that i have ever had!!! not wise to take.
Terrible teacher, very confusing and hard to understand. DO NOT TAKE
Worst Prof I have ever had!!!!!
CONFUSING!!! Dumbest teacher I have had yet, She has no clue about teaching
Her idea of teaching is reading powerpoint slides......DO NOT TAKE
Sorry!
Listen up. STAY AWAY! You have been warned.
waste of time, money and energy boring professor who does not know what she is t
VERY boring
avoid her classes, very confusing teacher-does not know what she wants.
does not explain what to do, expecting student to read her mind. look elsewhere
Waaaaaay too much homework. I was drowning. I fell behind a little in class and went to his office hours. He barely had time to see me. When we went through problems and I explained my thinking he asked why I would think something so ridiculous. He put me down even though I was still trying to succeed. Not a nice guy, don't waste the time with him.
One of the worst professor I have taken. Does not teach well and makes a simple topic so complex and confusing. He puts people on the spot and confuses them if they know the answer. If you're an engineering student, he will talk crap about you and say you don't understand what you're doing. Said I did a disservice to my table for a derivative trick.
Not helpful due to him always saying "I'll give you a hint" not all students are there to become the next math equations maker! Maybe if he would test on the idea instead of a complex or hidden version of the main idea it would be more fair!
I really did not understand how to do the proof problems and when I went to his office to ask him questions on how to do it, he would give me what he called a hint and then told me to go home and think about it! I still had no idea what to do. Unhelpful!!
He is hard as hell, makes you feel stupid in his office, very picking on wording
I could write a novel about why I don't like this prof. He constantly says how he has tenure so he is "untouchable." So disrespectful and rude. Yells the whole class bc he thinks its motivating. Quiz every thursday over notes so you have to be in class to have the notes. Alot of papers and "learning opportunities." Just don't take this prof.
One of the most arrogant professors that I have met at Grand Valley. He literally laughs at you while asking questions that everyone else in the class has. He is a harsh grader on all assignments and as was said, "never replicates that level of excellence himself". He goes over time lecturing for 3 hours straight of pointless lectures. 0/10.
Rare in-class insight is mixed in with an abundance of bashing GVSU executives and other departments. Grading is terribly inconsistent. While the assignment is explained holistically, be aware that grading will be scored on small details regardless of overall quality.
What a jerk. He's funny in class, but he has no concern for anybody but himself. He pressures you into doing things you don't want to do. Laugh it up during lectures, but you'll be pissed when you get your assignments back.
Grades tough, not a terrible guy.
Suffers from Napoleon syndrome. Not helpful, assigns WAY too much work; forces busy-work. Will not answer a question directly. Avoid at all costs - - unless you are a sadist.
Thinks enginneers are an elite race of humans
Hard class, lab is more of a pain than lecture. Homework is unlcear
CANT TEACH TO SAVE HIS LIFE. TRIES TO MAKE JOKES TO GET AROUND THE FACT
horrible grading, even worse tests, too bad such a nice guy can't teach
A class full of memorization. Prof = POMPOUS
What a jerk! If he actually shows up for his office hours, he makes comments on papers like "oh, it's coming along nicely" with no suggestions for improvement, yet still gives a low grade. Ridiculous amount of memorization required for exams. H
Get out now or you will regret it
I have gotten above a 95% in Spanish 101 and 102. I took this class with Haan and I got a D. I took this class again and received an A. He is rude and gives a ridiculous amount of homework. He is not helpful and makes you learn everything by yourself.The only class I have ever hated going to. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
He is clint Eastwood!
Never take this professor ever! He humiliates everysingle student and has a really bad temper. He is very rude and doesn't care about how well you do in the class. He never answers your questions, or even lets you ask them. He hardly attempts to teach the material and you just do ditos in class everyday.
This guy is the worst prof I have ever had. He humiliated me like no proffessor has done before. This guy should really be fired for his antics. I hated every second of his class. He doesn't care if you succeed. Avoid like the plague.
Thanks to this guy, I gave up on Spanish. I was interested until I had Haan. He always tried to impress the girls in the class, and kicked me out of class twice for asking a question in english.... He kicked me out of a class... that I am paying for. Should be offloaded by GV
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!! It's definitely worth changing your entire schedule to have someone else. Very rude to students, and rarely teaches, his version of 'class' is going around the room in a circle the whole time quizzing the class, and proceeding to yelling at students when they don't know the answer or what he wants
Unless you have a huge ego that you’re ready to break down- DO NOT TAKE HIM! He is so demeaning & rude to his students, not classroom appropriate. He rarely spoke spanish unless he was yelling at students or mocking them. He talks down to his students and willingly berates you in class... I lost my apperciation for Spanish, thanks Prof. Hann
Professor is very unhelpful, and sometimes just down right rude to his students. Don't expect him to teach much of anything. He just constantly quizzes you and goes around the class to see what everyone knows. Do not take him!
He never tells you your grade or when things are due, or if they are for a grade or completion, you get so many worksheets, he is very unclear as to what to do for when
Complete jerk. He gives a lot of homework which is fine, but he doesn't help you when you need it and never lets you know what your grade is through out the semester, even though I had asked him several times.
if u ask him a question he wont answer it, sure, he makes fun of EVERYONE and gives like 50 homework assignments a night, but suck up to him and he'll like you. and dont take things seriously. if you cant handle it (one day he made a girl stand up in class the whole time and he said "looks like she has the freshman 15 already") dont take the class
CRAZY FUNNY BUT AN ASS
I have never hated a class so much. More homework than all my other classes put together and I got nothing out of it.
Complete jerk and never remembers grades or if you are even passing the class. Throws away all of your work so you have nothing to look back on. Very unclear
horrible horrible class. he makes fun of people in class and assigns more homework then all of my other classes combined. i feel like all i do is spanish homework. i haven't had spanish in over 5 years and he refuses to give ANY outside help!
jokes with pple, but doesn't know when to stop. Made me feel stupid and incompetant, moved way too fast and assigned more homework than all my other classes combined. Eventually dropped class and taking it w/ another teacher. Way easier!
i really, really disliked the guy not only as a human being (his personality is the opposite of mine) but also as a teacher (he assigns tons of worksheets-- not effective teaching). my remedial spanish class with him wasnt helping me at all, so i dropped.
He is the biggest jerk that I know for a person let alone a teacher. He yells and screams at students for no reason at all and calls you stupid if you don't understand what he is saying... oh yeah and you have tons of homework every nite.
If you don't like spending all of your free time on homework for one class don't take this one. Senor Haan is very energetic and always puts you on the spot. He picks on everyone he doesn't like and is very rude. He is also very unclear.
Spent most of my time working on spanish homework. He was rude, not funny, and impossible to please. hated the class
This teacher actually made me cry. He is very disrespectful, and does show little respect for women.
Mean
very mean man. called me an underachiever on the last day of class. made people stand in corners and made them cry. hopefully he'll get fired soon!
Worst accent ever! He can barely speak spanish.
Speaks terrible spanish!! For some reason, he is very arrogant.
Do all of your work and you should be okay. However, this prof. treats students very poorly and thinks he's way too cool. Would NOT recommend.
Constantly talks about hot females and corona.Very tough class.Makes me cry.
his sense of humor can be very hurtful if you are on the butt of one of his jo
plays favorites, if you tell people to stop their whining, you are one of them.
Blanks on wksts are a no no, rude, mean and unwilling to help after class.
why doesn't this school fire him! Adjunct
Rude Rude Rude, not classroom appropriate
Spawn of Satan, but learned a ton. However, get out while you CAN!!!
One word...EVIL!
very hard, intimidating, sometimes mean, egotistical
We liked to refer to him as the SPANISH NAZI!!!
The ONLY good thing about him is his tests are take home.
I call him the Spanish Nazi. I will carry emotional scars probably forever...
Currently an instructor at Western Carolina University. He has easily been one of my least favorite teachers I have had. He was never prepared for lectures in the way he should be and doesn't help you prepare for exams at all. Most stressful exams I have taken in any class ever.
I think this guy is rating himself below. Too many unrealistic comments.
He gave the whole class "I" as a grade because we did not complete a project by the end of the semester. He expected us to complete a 15+ week project in 3 weeks. We were given no budget, and the scope was forever changing. "A hole" move on his part. He was extremely unorganized in his labs, I swore he was just winging it most days.
This idiot is the reason many engineers switch to a business major.
this trash is useless. doesnt help when questions are asked.....
Could always work at a research university--hillarious
extremely cocky.... extremely poor teacher... a shame to entire PSE
stop rating yourself Could always teach at a research university or McDonalds
Makes you do EVERYTHING on your own; but most practical Egr prof...
Not a good teacher, makes you learn everything yourself, threaten to fail stude
She's not very helpful and definately has her favorites. I recommend another prof.
kind of a waste. kind of annoying. she wants to be your friend but i don't think i learned much. the writing center said my paper was great, she said it sucked. there's gotta be better 150 profs, look around.
I paid good money to learn how to become a better writer and this class with her was a waste!! She's a ditz! Offers very little helpful comments. She acts like "BO-I-NG" - I just got it!! Please get serious!
I hated this class. I wouldve liked a differnt prof. Kim was too laid back for me. I would like a professional in charge. This felt like a bunch of friends just hanging around. Feels like no real direction. not what I paid for.
I have no idea what this lady is ever talking about in class. She jumps around way too much and talks very fast and quietly. I always feel lost in class, but my grade is pretty good. I don't think she has any clue what is going on.
Wow. Where do I begin? Professor Chown is a very sweet lady, but her lectures are all over the place. She is not very clear in her expectations, assignments, and lectures. Asking questions did not help because you would leave more confused and your original question would still not be answered. I would not recommend this professor to anyone.
She is all over the place. Don't take from her if you can help it. I learned nothing. Horrible.
Yes her class is easy if you are very knowledgable of the puritian era. She moves quickly thur the text and does not give you enough time to absorb her explanations before she moves on. Her opinion and thoughts is what she considers correct and refuses to listen or consider others opinion. SHE ALWAYS HAS TO BE RIGHT SHES SUCKS!!!!!
STOP!!! DON'T DO IT!!! AVOID THIS LADY LIKE THE PLAGUE!!! YOU WILL RUE THE DAY YOU STEP INTO HER CLASSROOM!!! SHE IS THE SINGLE WORST PROFESSOR IN THE HISTORY OF UNVERSITY SCHOLARSHIP!!! RUN!!! RUN FAR, FAR AWAY WHILE YOU STILL CAN!!! DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU!!!
She is extremely scatterbrained and is not open to any other opinions but her own. You must learn how to write to satisfy her, not help further your studies. She can be publicly demeaning to her students. AVOID!!!
She has the knowledge, but she can't share it. She's scatterbrained, disorganized, and unclear, plus she's very inconsistant. DO NOT TAKE HER
Whoever put a smiley face by this professor is completely insane, in my opinion. I took her for a summer class this past semester, and I thought that she was by far the worst teacher I have ever had. She is a nice person, but her lack of communication skills, and not staying on track really did it for me. If you are enrolled, get out now!!!!
Her class is boring and poorly planned. All we did was sit and listen to her talk about nothing! She is not very open minded about your papers and opinions, what she really wants to hear is what she and only she thinks. Don't take her class she will make you want to kill yourself. She is nice, however she is too old to be teaching.
This lady needs to go. Her class is intolerable. I can't take it anymore. Everyday I contemplate taking my life in her class, it's really that bad. For the love of humanity, stay away from this lady's class. I'm warning you, STAY AWAY!!!
Three words: NEEDS TO RETIRE!!! I hope you enjoy confusing discussion and class being taught from notes she printed off websites dedicated to texts. Spends two periods on 400 page novel and expects HIGH quality papers...
WOW! This has to be the worst professor in the history of college. Now, on saying this, please know that she is a very nice lady--she is just way past her prime. I just seriously want my money back, it was that bad. If you know what's good for you, you'll stay away--far, far away!
I think that there should be a retirement age for people who just shouldn't teach anymore. and she is one of those people. she was sick for 3 weeks which was a nice break. but she has really good intentions. just wants the good times to roll like when she was an activist. she's alright.
She is terrible! Worst English prof, I have ever had. If you aren't a favorite, you are screwed.
very borring class. she is very unclear about what she wants from her class...hard to follow. if you like to do a lot of reading in a day take her class. you read about 200 pages per class period. have fun
easy, yes. sleeping a must. if you want to learn, this is not the class. idots apply within.
Her teaching methodology lacks structure. She is too lazy about helping students. Stay clear.
Very Unorganized, Not helpful during exams, scolded us for her mistake
Very intelligent and cares that we understand,
She needs to focus more on the works, not the authors. Not a fun class.
Boring, boring, boring. Changed my major because of the amount of interest I lost in the class and field. His notes are not helpful, just a bunch of pictures on slides, making studying for exams incredibly difficult. I got a decent grade in the class but hated every minute of lecture.
I think he is severely overated and can be a prudent jerk thats for sure. People in NRM need to quit being loyal to him because he is a BIG figure in NRM. Bottom line is he is VERY difficult and confusing most of the time. Quite frankly he is pretty insensitive to boot. Don't ask for too much extra.
Worst damn prof in the world!!!
Professor uses materials that are a decade old, has no awareness of the political structure or public organizations in his own town. Only talked about how he was waiting to retire, and how much he does not like GR, even though he has lived here for 30+ years. Also has never worked in public administration, all insights from him are theoretical.
I hated this capstone class. I quite literally learned nothing, and class was a waste of time. Jelier would have assignments that only allowed for a few pages, and then he would take off random points for "not including enough detail". It made me question why I even majored in nonprofit management in the last semester of my senior year.
Rich is a professor that is very one sided and doesn't care about opposing views. He is very profound in himself and is very self centered in his lectures. Seems to think very highly of himself for someone I have never heard of before. Be ready to hear all of his accomplishments every class period
Rich is a nice guy, and that's about where the positives stop. Presents materials that is literally decades old. Gave an assignment and made 15 out of 17 people re-do it because they didn't meet his expectations, which are about as clear as mud. Extremely one-sided, no presentation of opposing opinions. Take another prof if you can.
Rich is a nice guy, but a pretty awful prof. Hasn't updated his course material since the mid-90's. Lectures in questions, interrupts students while they are talking, and has vague expectations for projects/assessments. Easy to get a B, but nearly impossible to get an A. Take another prof if you can.
Doesn't care about his students. Very difficult to get in touch with. Hard to figure out what he wants. Picks his favorites early on. Class discussions didn't relate to the course. YUK!!!!!!! NOT a fun class to take! Very unclear and hard to understand what he wants out of you!
this guy sucks in every possible way. never take his class!!!
Don't take as a gen ed. 3 credit class with 8 hrs of hw. Might be fun for major.
Even if you're interested in the class and really want to know more about politics and international relations, this class could get you lost. She rambled on about her own things and it was impossible to study fully. Study the essays, and you'll do fine on those but everything else I had no clue on how to study to get what she wants. I didn't enjoy
Even if you are interested in the field of PLS, stay away from this class! I'm going into Admin., so this is a required class, but we're 3 weeks in, and I'm probably going to drop or try my hardest to switch to another teacher. Quarnstrom forgets it's a 100 level class, not a Master's course! Very confusing to listen to and tests are ridiculous!
Could not stand this woman. Awful class taught by an awful professor. Talks in circles about nothing and is unclear about expectations. Hard grader. Avoid if possible. I hate Glenda Quarnstrom.
Prof Quarnstrom is insannneeee... shes is never clear about anything, and goes off on tangents in class, so we never even cover some of the info thats on the test... if your in her class.. DROP!
Her mind is a jumbled mess. She jumps from topic to topic and gets very mad if your opinions are different than hers. I remember I went to see her for help on an essay and she told me (two days befor the exam) that she didn't know what she wanted yet and once she reads what other people put she'll decide if she liked what I said or not. She sucks
Takes way too long to grade the exams, said they would be done soon and took 2 weeks or more.
She is extremely boring and plan on learning about China no matter what course you are in.
If you are conservative... you better write like a Liberal, becuase she is not open minded and will give you bad grades based on beliefs! UNORGANIZED!! she is a horrible prof!
TERRIBLE, hates the US government, includes her own opinion on everything, and is not open-minded, unorganized just rambles, you have no idea of what to write down...
China china china, thats all, just more china
RUN FAR AWAY! She is so distracted you CAN'T take notes, knows nothing about IR
I guess if you're going into education you'll do fine...if not, forget it
Great guy, tries hard to create class discussion, interesting topics
Professor Estrada was incompetent at teaching. You cannot understand a word he says and it's so easy to fall asleep in class. His tests have material on them that he never goes over in class. The labs are just an extra two hour lecture that don't help. He also does not use blackboard, so I had no idea what my grades were until after the semester.
He is very unclear about what he expects from his students, his checklists given to study for the exams do NOT help whatsoever. Participation exercises almost every discussion period. Participation, homework, and lab is what saved my grade. This class was very hard & he did not make it any easier for the students to do well.
Estrada is not very happy about teaching the trig version of this course. He actively avoided us during office hours, allowed some students more time on exams if they skipped other classes, and is very hard to understand. The textbook is even more garbage as it doesn't actually reflect anything from his tests. Exams are brutal.
If you have any aptitude for mathematics or physics, this class will not be difficult. Lectures go at a snail's pace. I did not show up the last month of lecture and still received an A in the course. When he lectures, he confuses more than he helps. Great sense of humor; nice guy overall. Take Estrada if you already know Physics, not to learn!
Took during summer semester, very hard class. Three exams will determine your grade, no homework. Very difficult to hear and understand this professor. I would recommend taking a different prof. if you can.
very hard, reads from the book instead of teaching
Couldn't understand his English or his reasoning.testsimpossibleclassterrible
Needs to learn and how to explain himself in English before teaching here
He talks like a computer &bad@ teaching & grading scale is based on his mood.
By skipping class you will learn more than anyone whom attended lecture.
don't listen to the dork saying he is good(I think he is rating himself)
Worst teacher I've ever had
knows the material but cannot teach it, avoid if popssible
He can't lecture to save his life.His testing is narrow and hidden in the book.
avoid at all costs
he failed me in this course by literally 5 points, stupid quiz in every class and if you skip it there's no makeup assignments or work for it. he is making this 101 level difficult and ruining students life and time.
By far the worst professor I've had here. Do not take this class if you're looking for something easy
If you are looking to actually pass a PSY 101 class, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH GALEN. There are quizzes every week that are just worded hard, the lectures are fast and he does not spend much time on topics. The only things that are entered in the grade book are the 12 quizzes, and the mid term up until the final.
I've never been more excited for a final I knew I would do poorly on, simply because it meant this class was finally over. Professor Galen was not helpful nor accommodating, his power points could have been much clearer and more organized, and he doesn't seem to care about how well students do in his course.
This class is incredibly boring. I had the hardest time paying attention. Going to class was torture. He's an atheist, and any other opinion that varies from his is wrong. His test questions are based on his opinion too. They're crazy hard also. I studied for hours for the midterm and bombed it. If you have a choice, pick something else.
The class was interesting, but Prof. G was very rude and insensitive to his students. He tried too hard to be funny sometimes which was distracting. Tests and grading were fair.
Talks fast and lectures are uninspiring but informative. Sometimes allows for classroom discussions when he gets out of the way, these are engaging. Pop quizzes, exams, and one paper.
This is not a fun class. It is straigh forward. Galen is a jerk- no fun in class, watching boring old movies of crazy people. his tests are hard.
Good Prof. Very clear and he makes his classes interesting
Prof. Reynolds, is great at going over example problems, aside from that, I can't compliment anything else. He covers material too quickly and doesn't give students enough time to take proper notes. He barely touches on vocabulary and when working through examples, he's all over the place making it very hard to follow. Definitely utilize your book
Extremely disorganized would often forget what he was talking about, and then move on to a different subject or problem. Test are more difficult than they should be, in fact the class average was failing for all 4 of them. I would not take him again.
This class is listed as a Non-mathematical survey of the universe in the catalog, but math seemed to be one of the primary focuses. Like the other rater, I was also extremely disappointed. Tests were tough and the final was cumulative. If you want lots of math and dull physics labs, take this course...otherwise, try another professor for Astronomy.
sleepy sleepy. wow i slept 90% of the classes, and the others i learned very little. He's a great guy, and very nice . . . but he teaches ineffectively. I had never failed a test before in my life - this guy got me once. Enter at your own risk.
does not explain in class get ready for a semester of trying to learn from the book and failing tests.
Hardests tests of any physics prof. Bumbles about during lecture. Does not emphasize what you need to know. Went through an entire semester without learning anything (and not from lack of trying). Avoid at all costs.
...If you need this class for credit, save your self the trouble and take it with another professor. Professor Scripps is a nice guy, but if you haven't had programming before, your walking into a land mine...
He's a nice guy, does think that everyone knows Java, and if you don't he gets frustrated easily. Doesn't know how to explain at all. Lectures are a waste. Stats teaching stuff that's on the projects 1 week in advance when 2 weeks were intially given.
run as fast as you can!!!!
doesn't teach really,favors the students that have done this stuff before
Very hard teacher to learn from all concepts were unclear and the tests horrible
HORRIBLE PROFESSOR, and I am not leaving this because I got a bad grade (A)
Told bad jokes and lowered my report card grade after he said i got an A.
has a tendency to change your grades half way through the semester.
Very annoying,tries way too hard to be funny,and doesn't really teach anything.
He needs to learn how to give a lecture...No structure. Good guy. Bad Class
Because of him, i got out of CS,Now i wish i would have taken some other prof :(
WORST! Get out of this class ASAP! Unclear lectures/can't explain...
He uses Pearson My LabIT which is beyond unorganized. You never know what's due. The website also doesn't show you a grade. Lange also has not responded to a single email from me all semester.
I emailed Professor Lange 5+ times so far this semester and have never gotten a response. He posts his online lectures on Thursday or Friday when the homework is due Saturday or Sunday. His lectures mostly consist of him talking about his personal life, and very little about the class content. Overall, it is an easy class. Pick a diff prof though.
Very unclear about assignments and expectations, and would tell students different things regarding homework and tests (such as when they were due or if we could work together or not) Also, hard to keep on track and goes off on unrelated rants during class - so we didnt learn much.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Dr Lange is a terrible professor. He does not help his students at all. Doesn't respond to emails either. Avoid at all costs
Hands down one of the most frustrating classes I've ever taken. He NEVER answers emails, doesn't explain our homework, and his lectures are long and confusing. The content of the class is fairly easy, but Professor Lange's teaching technique makes it 10 x harder. Do not take this class, you will regret it. He is a nice person, not a good professor.
This is the poorest excuse for a capstone class ever. What kind of prof never replies to his school email, but then emails his students 2 minutes after class starts that it's cancelled? And constantly leaves his students wondering what the plan is for the next class session by waiting for an email an hour or less before class for the details? Wow.
I dropped his online class early on because of a mix of disorganization and demand due to it being a condensed summer course. He missed his own lecture. He wasn't responsive to emails. He expected us to be ready for impromptu mandatory zoom lectures. His announcements were overly complicated and messy. Good person just not a good online prof.
Even he does try and explain his course material if you have any questions about the course or the career field vis email do NOT expect a reply. He does not respond to his students (even if they are IS major) Get what you can from the class to pass but dont expect anything extra from "Dr" or "Prof" Lange
I also had him for sta 311 and he is by far my favorite professor. Expects a lot for students but is funny and a good teacher.
Seemed completely lost at times. Was incredibly disorganized. Appeared to not have a fundamental misunderstanding of how to clearly present the material.
He jumped around too much. Didn't really care too much if you understood what was going on.
The course consists of 3 exams 2 activity sets and a final paper. She doesn't put the activity sets in until the last 3 weeks of the course so you have no idea what your real grade is. Her exams are not based off of material taught and are written to confuse you. Take a different professor for this course.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Her lectures are horrible- she talks so fast that you can't even understand what she's saying and more than half the time she has no clue what she is talking about. She makes slideshows for you to take notes but it is pointless because none of it is ever on the exam- the exams are just based on her personal opinion
Her tests were on lockdown browser and not based on anything she taught. She made up the questions and answers based on her opinion. Also made us write a 3 page paper for our final exam and never graded it
Exams are the worst. Typos in every question, most questions are confusing and trick you, she curves every exam by at least 10% because everyone would do so poorly on them. I mean she will make sure you get a good grade however, it was a struggle all semester trying to figure out her exams.
Didnt even grade our final paper this past year , just collected it and submitted our final grades without it even though we worked on them for a whole month. Lecture material is rarely whats on the test, you practically have to memorize the whole book. Doesnt matter if you were sick (quarantined) and did an assignment, no credit if not present.
Awful prof. Lecture content was outdated and questionable. Terrible at lecturing, would talk super fast and pretty much just read off vague bullet points and never explained anything. Would email her with specific questions and she would give me two word responses that didn't even answer any of my questions. Overall very unhelpful and wouldn't take
Most confusing and unhelpful prof ever. Wasn't even able to answer most student questions because she would get confused and not understand what you were asking. Kind of demeaning and lectures were rushed with almost no info given. Exams had specific questions on them them that she rushed through in class and weren't in the book. Don't take her.
She expresses that she wants us to succeed but teaches nothing that is on the exams. We have online exams mostly and I even looked at my notes from her lectures and 90% of the information on the exam was never taught. Do not take her class!
Do not take this professor. Her entire class revolves around lecture videos that do not relate to the exams at all. Her lectures have very little useful and accurate information so you're basically wasting your money taking this class because you learn nothing. Her emails also make no sense and she makes you feel stupid for asking questions.
Prof. Nochera's instructions for everything were incredibly unclear. She doesn't really know how to run a class. The exams covered no material that was learned in class and when you'd email her about it she'd have a lackluster response that never answered your questions. I would not recommend taking her ever.
Extremely confusing professor. Her emails make absolutely no sense. This class was online & all she posted were 3 short lectures covering weeks of material? They don't prepare you for the exam whatsoever. The exams were so difficult for no reason. I didn't learn a single thing & am still confused. I have taken nutrition before & I was still so lost
I have never had a more confusing professor ever. She will say one thing but mean the total opposite. This class you will not learn anything, its more about passing and getting your work done before exams than learning anything. The work was easy and came along with pre recorded lectures. Questions on the exams would be worded very confusingly.
If you enjoy learning about nutrition or want to learn more, do NOT take this class with Dr. Nochera. She is a sweet lady, but her material is outdated and her exams don't match her lectures. She cancelled a great deal of class and expected us to know the material. She goes fast and comes off passive aggressive which makes it hard to ask questions.
This class is a NIGHTMARE. She's very nice but she should NOT be a teacher. The information she "teaches" is very old school - it is so outdated and not accurate. Takes attendance everyday too which is annoying. Lectures are unorganized and confusing/don't make sense. Exams don't match the material she presents in class. Worst class I've taken.
DO NOT TAKE HER. Worst professor I have ever had. Exams are NOTHING like anything she teaches. She should not be a professor, plain and simple. This class is an absolute joke for a 100 level class. I am an a BMS student and her class was horrible. Made me drop the nutrition emphasis. Take this class with ANYONE else.
This class was awful. She lectures from powerpoints that have very little info on them and she gets sidetracked a lot. The exams don't match up with the lectures at all and are very difficult so it was very hard to know how to prepare for them. She's a very sweet lady but it seemed like she was more concerned with being our friend than our teacher.
What a nightmare. She's a super sweet lady & funny, but that's not why were there. For a 100 level this was a joke. Attendance taken every lecture, also a joke. We aren't in 2nd grade. Lectures were unorganized & random, exams were worse. No idea what's ever expected or how to even prepare for exams. If you need any kind of structure do not take!!
Horrible professor. She'll tell you that things won't be on the test and then they will be almost verbatim. She also forgets what she teaches and doesn't teach and then will yell at you for not knowing the stuff she did not teach and specifically told you that you don't need to know. She's a joke.
not cool
Don't take this prof!! She made this class a lot harder than it should've been. Everything she taught in class was common sense. Then, you get to the exams and they're extremely hard. I studied a ton for the exams and got c's and b's. Our class averages were always a low c. Take House!! Had her as a sub one day and she was awesome!
The course itself covers content that is fairly straight-forward and relatively easy. The tests are not. There is no correlation whatsoever to the degree of difficulty of the lecture and content covered and the exams. She is absolutely terrible. She doesn't actually teach you. She cares about her students at only a surface-level. Just terrible.
The class is very easy if you study the notes and powerpoint presentations she gives. A lot of the tests are based off of questions at the end of chapters in the book, so BUY THE BOOK. She was very all over the place, unorganized, talked about unrelated topics. But, she also let us out early a lot. Overall, her class was easy.
She made this class way harder then it needed to be. Her power points are really no help at all and didn't teach about nutrition so much as how to eat healthy. She doesn't teach whats on the exams at all so read the textbook for your best shot. Go to class if you want point for participation you'll need it trust me. Nice lady over all though
Very unorganized and frazzled most of the time. Her power points aren't very descriptive for what she asks you on the exams. If you read the book, you'll get an A. She's more concerned with giving out nutrition advice rather than teaching nutrition.
This class should have been very easy, but was made difficult by Dr. Nochera. Her accent confuses you and a lot of the things on the tests were not directly taught to us. The final is made easy with a project, but still not worth the difficult course.
Dr. Nochera is nice a funny lady but absolutely horrible professor. Went to every lecture and took good notes but exams are impossible. Studied for hours and read the chapters and still did HORRIBLE. She puts material on the exams that aren't in the book or notes. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS if you want to get a good grade.
She may be the worst professor I have ever had. She makes a 100 level class nearly impossible and does not review anything before exams. She does make powerpoints for lectures but they are brief and nothing on her exams is from her powerpoint. She talks very fast and does not give time for the students to take notes. Only thing graded are exams.
Biggest thing I can say is that the tests are ridiculously hard. Studied a total of 18hrs before her first exam and still got a D+, our class average was not even in the 70's!! Some of the other exams are easier but it was hard to recover. Lectures were awful but you had to go. Talks way too fast and doesn't give you time to take notes.
This class isn't very hard, but she definitely makes it more difficult than needed. Her answer to questions never are clear and barely answer you, she speeds through material with vague and terrible notes. She knows her stuff but is not good at communicating it at all. There is barely any homework and the final exam was a project that was a plus
Worst professor at GVSU. Not clear on what will be on the test. The material you go over in class in hardly on the test and she tests you on things she never went over. Avoid taking her class.
Wonderful lady, horrible professor. She claims that only what she goes over is on the exam, but half the exams is stuff she never went over and half the stuff she went over wasn't on exams. She's also very scatterbrained so it's very hard to take notes. She does give a bunch of free points though which does boost the grade up quite a bit.
Honestly, one of the worst professors at GVSU. Does not care about her students learning but more about them signing an attendance sheet. Studied hard, tests were a nightmare, extremely stuck up to students. Says its her "passion"...if that is the case she has a lot to change in instructing her class. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
If u want to be treated in a rude and belittling manner take herDoesn't answer questions in a respectful way or sometimes refuses to at all. Fake Nice... Tests are ridiculous, amount of content and detail she requires you to know on test is not evident from the way she teaches the class especially for a 100 level BASIC nutrition class. Use the book
For a BASIC nutrition class, this was one of the hardest classes I have ever taken. Dr. Nochera was very unclear on a lot of things, especially her exams. Her exams were IMPOSSIBLE! Just run..run far away from this class.
Worst professor I have ever had. Studying does nothing. The material she puts on the exams are not put on the notes. Almost every exam question is A) blah B) blah 2 C) blah 3 D) A and B E) A and C. Do not take this professor!
Horrible prof, in fact, worst one I ever had. Her exams do not 100% pertain to what was taught, her teaching is simply reading a few power point slides, and giving paper handouts from the 90s. There were also a few videos shown, all from the 90s. All her knowledge is also not up to date. I corrected her on a few facts and she couldn't handle it.
She will make fun of you if you ask questions. Buy a tape recorder b/c she speaks a mile a minute. If you ask her to repeat something, she gets mad. Two absenses allowed, after that your grade drops. She knows a lot about the material but does not know how to talk to students. I wouldn't want anyone I care about to take her class. Terrible.
I think that she means well, but her exams are mostly what she thinks not always facts. Most questions will have 2 right answers and she will just tell you to pick the best one. When you go to her office hours you feel like its a chore for her to help you. Good lady but not a good professor.
She hates students, not fair, doesn't know the material. Ambiguous exam questions
READ the book... test are nothing like what she talks about in class. Random little vocab from the book is what she is all about. Not a hard class but she is a horrible prof.
She is extremely rude. Don't ask a question or try to participate in class discussion unless you want to be cut off and made to look foolish. She doesn't let you finish a sentence before she snaps "I don't know what you're asking" then spends half her time apologizing for her comments (only to the class as a whole never to an individual).
She is the most annoying and rude person i have ever met. Had no respect for students, and she sucked at teaching. Notes didnt help at all, and it was such a pointless and boring class. I hated her! DO NOT TAKE BMS WITH CARMEN NOCHERA
Nochera is awful! She talks faster than anybody should ever talk and she is really hard to understand through her spanish accent. She hardly covers any material that is on the test and then is ****y when students ask her to curve the exams. DO NOT TAKE HER FOR ANYTHING!
This instructor is RUDE!!! She did not teach me a thing. If you want to learn you have to teach yourself, however, the book is really good. I hear she is better than the other instructor that teaches this course, but I will never take one of her classes again!
I feel that this class did not prepare me for the future. Dr. Nochera is very unclear, rude, and arrogant. If you take her, never go to office hours or ask questions in class-seriously! it's not worth your frustration. I liked reading the book though.
BRIEFLY covers material; might as well be an independent study class. Want a clear, concise answer?-don't ask her b/c she just blurts out something that makes sense to her, not us. Exams aren't too bad, no cumulative final thank goodness. A little OCD I think. Better than other nutrition prof though. Good Luck!
The material is not difficult, however, the test questions are confusing. She never gives a clear answer about anything. She has pretty bad mood swings and starts class early sometimes. She is way better than the other prof though...
Yikes!Semester starts out well, but after a month,she stops teaching and you must learn everything on your own.Don't ask questions because after you do one time you never will again.She is rude,moody and hormonal. You must read and Know every detail from book, its most likely on the test.Good Luck!
Dr. Nochera was energetic and funny at first, and then she became strange, moody and rude to students. She constantly talks about her memory loss and menapausal condition and then grades you accordingly. She is extremely inconsistant and unreasonable. 1st bad prof at GVSU i've had in 3 years
Her tests suck and she isn't helpful at all.
not very clear on material and is difficult
For a 100 level Science cours, she places way too high of expectations upon her students and is just rude. This was the most difficult class i ever had and her classes wasted my time. I didn't learn a thing.
She was quite the professor! Tests were very unclear and she had too many guest lecturers! Overall the class was easy! I think underneath her hard shell there's a nice woman!
It is clear that Dr. Nochera knows her stuff, but she is rude and degrading and her tests are difficult because it is confusing even if you know the material. She gets angry if you aren't clear on material so think about your question before you ask it!
She is very rude and inconsiderate, blunt and likes to yell. She has no respect for her students. Class in general is easy, but she makes it miserable!!!
anal about attendance, Tests are impossible even if you know the material, test have multiple right answers the hard part is guessing which one she wants. Evil teacher stear clear
Very annoying. Test are hard and questions unclear
all she does is nag all class long has a hard tests bad teacher
she is the wosrt proffessor in the world, i hate her she's unclear and annoying
treats students like poo
she will make up questions to ensure you that you will fail tests!
Probably the worst professor at GVSU. Can't teach; unfair grading
One of the worst teacher I have ever had at GVSU
UNFAIR TEACHING AND GRADING PRACTICES- WORST PROF EVER!
Lecture material vague.Material on exams not covered in lecture.Rude-standoffis
The homework and tests don't match the notes which makes this class extremely hard. Her lectures are kinda pointless because she'll bring stuff up that won't ever be used. The homework and tests have things on them that were never discussed and she expects you to know how to do them even when you weren't taught
Super nice person but she doesn't teach the material very well. Having a hard time doing the homework due to her not teaching the material. Very confusing and hard to follow
Terrible teacher. Lectures not well put together, lots of fumbling. Does not explain concepts in a clear manner. Tests you on things that are not presented in lecture. No amount of studying can adequately prepare you for her exams. Do not take this professor for 116.
YOU WILL FAIL, I PROMISE.....she is absolutely horrible! No matter how well you know the material, her test will completely throw you for a loop. Free response questions are extremely hard and will be the deciding factor on whether you get a D or B on the test.
DO. NOT. TAKE. PERIOD!!!! If you wanna fail then by all means take it, but be warned. Also, her free response on the exams are worth 40% of your total exam grade! Her quizzes contain material that has not been disscussed in class and she expects that you know what SHE taught in HER other chm classes!
worst proff ever...studied for 48 hours for the test and got a 68%, which was above the class average. I would rather eat my own toe fungis than take her again.
This was the hardest class I have taken so far at GVSU. She makes a lot of useless comments that have nothing to do with what the subject was. The tests are impossible to pass. She likes to use a lot of pointless stories in an attempt to make you think you know what she's talking about.
I wouldn't take her if you paid me to. She is by far the worst teacher I have ever had. As a person she is nice, as a teacher she is awful. I have never felt so uneducated in my life. It was a complete waste of time and money. Her tests were nothing like what she taught us. Good LUCK!!!
She honestly made me cry.Anyways if you learn by a teacher explaning,then giving examples,then u try an example,then she shows you what you did wrong and how to do other problems right,then DO NOT TAKE HER! I felt like I could have done better in a 4th year french class, that is how bad her lec. is.
So hard. Failed and have to re-take along with the other half of the class. Makes you feel like an idiot when you ask questions. Don't take her!
talk about ruined GPA, this class is like a five credit Anchor that’s sinking my GPA. the exams are nothing close to the homework. you'll rue the day you signed up with her.
RUN AWAY, WORST PROF AT GV FOR SURE. I UNDERSTAND THE SUBJECT, DO ALL THE HW AND IM STILL GONNA HAVE TO RETAKE THE CLASS. WENT TO TALK TO HER, MADE ME FEEL LIKE I WAS SPECIAL ED.
Run while you can! Do not expect to get an A in this course! If you question her grading she will perform voodo acts on you. She tries to get people to drop her class by providing inaccurate scores. Do whatever you can to avoid Julie Henderleiter she will ruin your GPA and college experience.
pure evil. I think she enjoys seeing students fail
this lady is evil!
Thank god she's gone, I think she went back to be with her people: The Knomes
Biggest @ss of all time, the guy is cruel and mean
Could have read the notes and learned as much
Easiness 3 because if you have the cribs, you'll probably do fine; otherwise, you're screwed! Studied hard for quizzes and tried to pay attention (did I mention it's boring in lecture), but did lame in the long run--and I am on the Dean's List! Damn Shame
This prof. sucks, I never learned a thing, and he is useless. Everything I learned was from my labs.
Acts like he's god of the manufacturing world and he's not. I think he's just got a stick up his a** or something. I don't recommend him, but hell you don't have a choice your stuck with him :) Have a great symester :)
Doc Mac seems like a "nice guy", but his tests are WAY too hard. I put a LOT more time and effort into this cl**** than any of my other cl****es this term, and this cl**** was by far my worst grade. Other cl****es were senior level engineering cl****es, so they should have been at least as hard/harder
He is the most useless prof. for the chem lab at Kettering. Unwilling to help and does not care about any students what so ever. Do not take this professor is possible. Only reason I got a decent grade was because I knew the material before hand.
Doc Mac refused to give partial credit on test questions that he, as the professor, worded incorrectly. He is very vague at explaining things and doesn't like to have students correct him or question his lectures. Tests are fairly difficult and very specific on a subject that has no bearing on engineering and is a pre-req for nothing.
Makes student feel intimidated when attempting to ask questions. Gives almost no partial credit on tests, and barely explains any of the basic principles.
He really shoots people down for asking questions. He seems like he's always grumpy and totally blasts students. He's not retired yet but maybe he should be.
EXPLAINS INFO, JUST NOT THE INFO ON THE TEST. GOOD GUY TO START, THEN HE TURNS INTO A JERK.
Extremely hard,does not teach, expects you to already know everything, completely closed to answering questions. DO NOT RECOMMEND
Terrible Teacher. Has a soft side for the ladies though. So take him if a female, guaranteed 100.
His way or the highway when it comes to techniques so if you found a good way to do something too bad.
Class is moderately difficult and Salacuse just doesnt give coherent lectures. Quizzes are straight from homework but he doesnt want you to use methods found from homework. Drops lowest 2 quizzes which you will desperately need. And exams are cobbled from homework and quizzes. Dont take
Barely did any examples in class. All quizzes were exactly from the assigned book problems. Pretty much left you to learn diffeq yourself without much help. Did not write much on the board and ended class way too early to learn anything most days. I learned almost everything in that class solely from going to SI.
he sucks. he wanted to fail me...but knew better than that...glad he's gone
I disagree with the statement that people who rate this prof badly are those who don't study and want an easy A...I am the farthest from those two things and still have difficulty with the man. He is intellegent, but also cold and unhelpful w/students.
Very good instructor and worth every dollar of tuition paid. I am going to take more courses from him.
The professor was very rude, and surprisingly doesn't understand how technology works. She refused to adopt to new technologies and blames others for stuff not working properly. She should come to class a more prepare and have a better attitude. I would avoid taking any courses with her if possible. You will thank me later.
Prof. Peterman is by far the worst professor I have ever had. She is extremely rude and will respond to you in the shortest, most brief way possible. While she is very knowledgable, lectures are unorganized do little to help students learn. Homework and labs can be difficult because she expects you to do concepts never covered in class. Avoid her.
Dont take if you have a choice. Her goal is to trip you up and get you with your grade. First day she always states she has tenure so she doesnt care what the students think. By far the worse professor in the GV computer program. She changes her requirments from class to class
Very crude and demeaning to her students. If you go to her for better clearity she will send you away by telling you to re-read the book. On emails she replys with the least words possible giving no clearity of your problem. She isnt there to help her student suceed but to be a obstacle for her students to get over. Only professor for the course
i have never had a problem in a CS class until now. she tests you on exact vocab off powerpoints and does not accept any variation...focus is on regurgitation of words, not learning ideas. sometimes doesn't teach at all and just lets students figure it out for themselves. i'd go on, i'm running out of room. DO NOT TAKE CS350 WITH HER!
Just about the stupiest class you can take. Not really an AI class, just another SWS incogneto. Wrote a bunch of papers and did some data entry, other than that, no AI. Horrible, DO NOT TAKE WITH PETERMAN!
Always Mean, Always Angry. Lab tests and assignments are impossible to finish in the 50 mins. of lab time. Lectures are boring, instructions are unclear, and help is terrible. Take another prof.
she's mean, boring, and requires things/a lot more work than other cs 150 professors. you can usually just turn in lab work and leave lab, but she makes it mandatory and you dont get credit if you dont go. it was dumb, and shes mean.
Might be helpful to some, just not the males. A possible male hater.
Avoid this Prof like the Plague! She thinks she is God's gift to programming!
Very impatient and not very nice. Expects you to know as much as she does.
Terrible prof...ended up dropping the class..don't know why they let her teach!
Awful prof. They should fire her. Don't take this class w/ her! You'll hate it!
Lets see... fill in the blank slide shows... for a senior level class get real
I think she is the devil re-incarnate. Aviod at all costs!!!!!!!!!!
Worst teacher I've ever had!! Very mean and has no feelings for people.
Terrible personality, not willing to help students at all!
i'm a cs minor and i still found her expectations to be ridiculosly high..avoid
Terrible teacher, very intimidating, won't help you at all
Knows what he is talking about but is so boring. But half of the grade in this class is based on the fact of you showing up. He takes cheating very seriously and will kick you out of the university if he finds out
Ever have that teacher that thought that they were an english major even though they literally knew nothing? Ever have a teacher that tries to make a class that is completely useless seem important? Well this is exhibit A.
EGR 100 seemed like a great class for a student wanting to explore engineering, as we had many guest speakers come and talk about disciplines in which they taught in. While a few of them were good, many of them were pointless and consisted of the same stuff over and over. While he seems like a nice guy, but struggled using technology and boring.
Easy professor and class. All you need to do is go to class and turn in some form of the assignments to get an actually pretty good grade but I hated this guy so much that I skipped class quite often because I honestly couldn't bare what this guy was dishing out. MAYZURE MAYZURE
P.D.J. is terrible, he screwed up my grade and gave me a C when i had earned an A and after 3 months he finally returned an email saying he had changed it, overall this class has very little, if anything to do with engineering and makes me wonder how this was even a class, he didnt even know what we were going to do in our sylabus, steer clear!
horrible. way too out of date. weirdly infatuated with printers. just talks about computer n electrical engineering. straight up ruined engineering for me. says mayzure instead of measure. has a nasty comb-over. kind of a creep.
A good prof if all you want is a good grade... You'd be better off with Blauch or Sterian if you want the education
If you need a good nap, then I would suggest going to this class. Really Boring
boring and a terrible teacher what a combination
teaches like everyones a computer geek like he is. very boring; hard to learn
VERY BORING
Worst professor I have ever had and I have no idea how he has a smiley face. He is incredibly unclear with his assignments and his quizzes are literally impossible to pass. DO NOT take if you want a good grade. He is unhelpful during office hours and is incredibly hard to get a hold of. Sucking up is only way to get a decent grade in this class.
He was mean to our class.... Didn't understand how we had problems grasping Latin concepts. He used a lot of technical terms about the language we were trying to learn, we moved at a sluggish pace of not even two chapters over 5 weeks. He's got a good sense of humor... Just not such a good professor.
funny guy, decent sense of humor, lecture everyday all class period, hard grader - the hardest one I've encountered thus far at lovely gv. That's all.
Probably the WORST professor I have ever had. So boring that not only did half of the class sleep, but so did the other professor.
worst proff ever, not clear,won't help! don't take him!
During a quiz, one of my classmates got a phone call for a family emergency. This student quietly packed up and approached Dr. Martin to explain the situation and asked to be excused. Dr. Martin responded to them with, "You know that's going to cost you attendance points right?" One of the most unforgiving professors I've ever had.
I went into MUS 129 thinking it would be an easy gen ed due to my 10 years of music experience. However, I quickly learned that this class did not match the course description and was harder than it needed to be.
Prof. Martin has tarnished my enjoyment of music. Before taking his class, I really wanted to keep doing stuff with music through college, but he killed a lot of the fun in it for me. He's a very harsh and rude professor, and the way he teaches his class and the way he grades reflects that. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO!!!
This class was one of the worst classes I have ever taken. Attendance was mandatory and he would mark you if you came in a minute late. Tests were extremely hard, and no one ever did well on them in my class. He teaches us as if we are musical prodigies, not people taking the class for a gen-ed. I wouldn't even make my worst enemy take this class.
Prof Martin is passionate in what he teaches but he treats his class like they're middle schoolers in terms of knowledge about music. He demands we be on time and respect his time but he isn't prepared for class when it starts and is late when coming back from break. He drones on and makes the class uninteresting and makes you dislike the content.
Prof. Martin teaches like a high school teacher. He focuses more on following unnecessary rules than teaching. Rules include non to few restroom breaks per class, marking students tardy for showing up even a minute late, grading on absences, and leaving early regardless of the reason. While his lectures are okay, his attitude makes him intolerable.
Hard and not helpful
This class is just misleading, I wouldn't take it if you do not have any music experience. I have 11 years of music. It is titled "fundamentals of music" but is a music theory class, which I think are completely different. So first, the title needs to change. Second, he is very picky with how you write music so make sure you learn how he likes it.
Prof. Martin cares about his work to a point it really feels excessive, especially for a 100-level course. It feels assumed that you have extensive musical experience coming into the course (I came in with years of Violin experience from HS and still struggled) glancing over hard topics. It makes learning the 'basics' feel like a 300-level course.
took this class for an art credit and dropped it halfway through the semester as this class was hard (even if you have had music history) and the prof just expects you to understand everything right away.
I stand by the fact that Music 129 was the hardest class I've taken thus far. Professor Martin made is so much harder than it had to be and the man is a hard-ass about EVERYTHING. I thought I would've done fine, and I should've been, since I've done band for 10 years. Pick a different prof unless you want to devote your entire semester to a gen ed.
Looked through this app to find the best music teacher and of course last minute GVSU swtiched the professor to this guy. PICK A DIFF PROF. For a gen ed class, this guy took everything way too seriously and made it harder than it had to be for no reason at all. He was rude and when he lectured, he would go so fast and wouldn't explain things well
Walked in one second late to class and he said he needed to see me after. After class he was extremely rude to me about it. Even though attendance isn't supposed to be mandatory this year becuase of covid, he said "technically attendance isn't mandatory, but you can't pass without participation in class". so basically made it mandatory anyway.
*raises hand Professor Martin, what page are we on? Does anyone else not know what page we are on? No? *continues on with lecture without telling me what page we are on. This class was the worst class of my undergrad. Class attendance is a requirement and he is very rude and not helpful when you are having troubles understanding material
This class was a gen ed class but he taught it as if it were a major class senior year
I took this for a general education art credit. Mistake. It was fast paced so I went to Prof for help and he told me to "try harder." He's grouchy, has high expectations, and DOESN'T USE BLACKBOARD, so you have to ask him what your grade is. He gets irritated when nobody volunteers, then calls on people who he knows don't know the answer.
This has been one of the most difficult core classes I have ever taken at GV. It is a class for non-music majors, but if you don't have a substantial musical background you will have to work hard. He is text book heavy and does not give instruction well. Feed back was never positive and he can be rude. Don't expect additional help. Beware.
He expects you to know everything about all the music you listen to. If you don't sit in your room and listen to the listenings repeatedly, you will struggle. He is very rude, and not very helpful. He also reads straight out of the book but still expects you to come to class, and if you miss more than two classes he will mark you down.
You must have a musical background to take this class. He expects you to memorize all material every week. Exams are a major part of your grade. The professor is rude and mean. He doesn't help you and talks to you like you are stupid when you ask questions. Only has 1 hour a week of walk-in office hours otherwise you have to make an appointment.
Clearly has a strong passion for music but does not know how to criticize appropriately. Very rude if you do something wrong and even makes people cry. He really needs to lean how to be nice. It's one thing to have constructive criticism but it's another to be a complete jerk.
This man is not a teacher and is not even a musician. He has no feel for music. Or for people as far as that goes. He likes notes, not music, and should have been a chartered accountant. I have heard that he was hired by the Grand Rapids Symphonic Band. No idea what they were thinking but apparently they are losing members left and right.
He seems angry nearly all the time, to the extent that when he's not mad it's almost unsettling. He yells unnecessarily a lot. He seems alright when he's not angry though.
Smart guy! but strange behavior. He intimmidates people and mostly he isn´t clear with his indications, you just understand you aren't playing good enough for him. For sure you will get As but you have to learn how to tolerate his personality.
I hate him and always will. He knows his stuff, but does NOT know how to get it through his students. He likes to make you feel inferior and like crap. I suggest you not take marching band, you will end of hating it.
Loves to be in control. Will go out of his way to get things done EXACTLY the way he wants them, even if it means smashing his students into the ground.
Claims to have all this authority and power but will never help you after you are out. If you think you'll get a letter of recommendation forget it. That is his big leverage then he doesn't come through. I'm the 4th person I know of that he has demanded my time or threatened to give me a bad rap. I came through and he refused to comply.
Biggest jerk I've ever been around! Definitely not the man I want as a role model to be a future music educator! I've learned everything NOT to do with my ensemble or students from this man. I don't understand how they hire people in that stupid music department. Avoid Prof. Martin as much as possible!!
ugh. so disrepectful...he thinks he's like the best thing in the world. very condesending. i'm definitely not a fan.
Not gonna lie, I hate him. I think my favorite part of class is how he blames the drumline for his inablility to count at a consistant tempo. Also, I love how he always shows up to rehearsal late after writing his shameful attemps at drill. It is seriously the worst drill ever. I'm suprised how many people are in the marching band in spite of him.
Words do not describe the amount of negative feelings I have toward this monster of a human being. Definitely one of the main reasons I can't stand the music department at GVSU.
he is horrible, the worst music teacher i have ever encountered. and ive encountered alot. He would be a good business man, he belongs there. NOT music, doesnt really give a rip about the students. someone else said he only yells at people for mistakes they constantly make. NOT TRUE!!!
Professor Martin is great for Marching Band, Military Marching Band, and a bad High School band. I know personally about a hundred people that would want his job as the Symphonic Wind Ensemble director and that would actually make the band sound OK. He is the reason for great music is dieing.
Short for "Richard". a jerk of epic preportions. Needs to find a new carreer, maybe as a rodeo clown or a speed bump. Picks his nose alot.
yells at people constantly for even the smallest of mistakes. Makes people hate what they are doing, even if its something theyve loved before. However, if i ever needed someone to make me feel like a complete idiot, i would go to him!
Music majors beware: Martin will pressure you into doing what HE wants at all costs. Ex: threatening to ruin people's futures at GV to get them to do pep band, which is an OPTIONAL activity. Shame on you, Professor. Being a poor instructor is one thing; being a malicious person is quite another.
Professor Martin is an arrogant, rude, power-hungry man. If it weren't for the love I have for my instrument,I would never be in an ensemble of his again. He has all but taken the joy out of band for me, and for numerous others as well. Sad that GV is hurting the music program by keeping him around.
First time I've not liked marching ( I've been in a lot). Thinks HIS class is more important than academics. Is not good leader. Plays favorites. Bad teaching tactics (screaming). Picks on people. Intolerant. Won't help. Won't listen. Makes it obvious when he doesn't like someone. Don't take him.
Cares nothing about students only about his stature.
Has no respect for students. If you are good but can't teach than stop
Doesn't pay attention to new students. Has his own clique of upperclassmen.
Very Demanding. Not sensitive to students' feelings. Not always professional.
The biggest challenge was to seperate his redactionist expression from the actual theories he tried to teach. While his interpretation of a partiuclar theory was interesting, it wasn't always correct. I was plagued in my graduate study to read the works of many theorists again because his perspective was not quite accurate.
This guy yelled at his class to try and make some kind of impression. He boasts of an obligation to fight the system and do right but he ignores the same ethical issues that happen at the university. Easy A. Poor law to the welfare state was a boring book.
Just before a meeting, I asked him for advice on what to do. His advice was clear and specific, "Tell 'em to go to hell!" I asked him to clarify and he said it again, "Tell 'em to GO TO HELL!" with an expectation for me to say it 10 minutes later. I was initialy impressed by his NASW commitments made in SW150. However, he didn't follow through.
He tried to impress the class by yelling, he amplified the role of NASW acting as if it was as powerful as APA, his lectures were tied between one of his tangents and the text book. It's an easy A. He is not a man of his word. I challenged him when GVSU violated Code of Ethics and he didn't do what he said he would. It's just a front.
Terrible! Very condasending and demeaning towards students. Yells at students for various minor things and does not listen to students. Get out if you have a chance!!!
Very intimidating. Demands strict adherence to NASW code of ethics but justifies violation in lecture and advising sessions. Yells in class at the top of his lungs. Teaches from the book on occassion otherwise rambles on. Deviates from a large syllabus. Made offensive personal remarks in class.
It is truely hard to believe he is a SW prof. He is the worst prof i have ever taken. You will learn nothing from the class unless you take the time to read the book. The highlights of the class were guest speakers!!
YAwnnnnnn...wow that class was boring. He is a crazy old man that says, "Think about it" after every sentence. Also, he tells stories that just prove he is senial.
He grades you on whether he likes you or not. No clarity what so ever, no tests, nothing. He ends up telling stories about his family over and over, each time a slightly different way.
Learned nothing in his class and made me turn away from Social Work. Don't take him.
Very inconsistent, often rude and unwilling to help. Be sure to stand up for yourself even if you think it won't do any good- do not let him intimidate you! Needs to learn about respect for others.
Hard to believe he works in the SW field. Unfair grader, KNOW YOUR APA FORMAT...Take other prof if possible.
He is the WORST proff I have ever had. At times he is pretty funny, but everything depends on his mood that day. he just rambles on and on about stories that are useless thro the course.
Possibly the WORST professor I have ever had! I did not learn anything from him. The class has no structure. He just rambles on and he keeps repeating the same stories. His grading is erratic. I think it depends on his mood. Comments on essays were not at
He is extremely rude, unhelpful, unclear, and just plain mean. Harsh grade scale and unrealistic expectations.
he's not clear on what exactly you need to know
he is so rude and so full of him self I cannot believe he is a sw prof
Rude, puts students down, tells lotsa stories, I have NO respect for him! BAD!!!
Haynes is extremely rude and puts people down in front of the entire class!
Prof.Haynes is arrogant, selfish, hard-headed
Unreasonable, rude
very unclear and very unfriendly. worst prof i have ever had.
Lecture contains more personal stories than curriculum--prof. "plays favorites".
He's a crazy old hippy with a ponytail. That is all.
I liked Prof. Whit as a person, but as a teacher he was horrible. He doesn't give you guidance as to what he includes on tests and quizzes. He is disorganized,jumbled in thought, and lectures only about tennis mate and not important sociology. Prepare to read a lot and be guided very little.
Can you say BORING! I'd rather sit and count all the strands in my head then listen to his a** talk. The things he discuss aren't even relavant to the classwork. Don't take his class because you will be ready to slit your wrist during lecture.
Awful professor...refuses to stay on topic. but he does tell some funny personal stories. Every paper I got back had some food or smudge on it from him. Try to take a different class because even though it sounds interesting at first it is very frustrating to sit through
If you ever take one piece of advise from me (even though I don't know you) do not take his class. he is horrible and crabby and pointless. his class is "besides the point." he makes you work hard for something that is never clearly identified. waste of time and money and sanity.
Awful professor. Wastes time with irrelevant stories that have NO point. Does not communicate expectations well at all. Putting your teeth on a curb and letting someone kick you in the back of the head would be more fun than enduring this man's lectures. Avoid at all costs
Very mean guy, I've loved all my profs here so far, but not him. He's very rude and uncaring
Awful, awful, awful. Run for your life or you'll spend a whole semester listening to him dribble on and on about himself, but you won't learn sociolgy. Avoid his office, unless you had your shots.
Awful class, 100% Anti-American, tested on his ideals, I'd pass...on sociological principals, I'd fail, thanks to his lectures. Only positive aspect, I got a lot of math homework done in his class. He needs to be gone from GVSU.
I would have learned the same amount (and possibly more) reading the books at home and just come in to take tests. Waste of time. Disappointed because this class had the potential to be interesting and fun.
Well i hate his class because he doesn't talk about anything that you read! It is on the test but it helps to discuss the info in class...tells the same personal stories everyday, videos are good but i would get out of his class if i were you.........
complete waste of time. In this class i like to do homework, read and draw. He talks about himself all the time, never covers the reading, and thinks the world of himself. i think he looks like willy nelson but more wacked out.
For anyone that considers him/herself a good student with good study habits and a willingness to learn - it doesn't matter. You can't do anything to save yourself in this class. It's almost as funny as a joke - til you see your grade.
well if I took an exam on HIS life I'd pass, but I don't know a thing about sociology from taking his class. He's awful. Don't take him.
Run!!! This man is disorganized and all you learn about is his life. Exams are ridiculous.
Embarased me in front of my supervisor with his rude comments and manners. Some one should fire him
Thinks he's god's gift. What a joke. What a waste of time
talks about irrelevant topics, easy class, read before the exam. TOO LIBERAL!!
was very hard to follow, talked about himself to much, tests were hard also
nothing relevant to sociology, focus on himself, an OK person, take someone else
everything goes back to his days in the civil rights. notes mean jack for tests
Test hard doesn't go over info. Talks about himself every time
babbles about crap, talks way to much about his food class and is so boring!
Don't take this professor! Such a waste of the students' time and money. The class was a joke and I am no better off with his teaching.
Ron puts himself on a pedestal, only answers your questions with a run around of your question, had "meetings" in his office for no apparent reason, wasted a lot of time, completely useless. I think he just liked having the complete control over his class, I felt like a puppet.
Absolutely useless class, learned nothing wasted time and tuition dollars. Prof is a complete joke, does not answer direct questions, class requires more work than any other gen-ed class at this school. I truthfully believe this school is worse off for having this class and prof on campus.
Worthless class. Only took it because I had to. The man treats us like we are 7 years old. Horribly unclear with assignments and teaches us nothing over the course of the semester. Waste of perfectly good time and money. Do not recomend the teacher or the class. Avoid if possible.
DO NOT RECCOMEND.
Excects way to much. lots of work.
The class in itself is boring enough, but coupled with a prof. as incompetent as he is? Well, lets just say that when i did manage to motivate myself to go to class, I wished that i hadn't. Don't expect to learn anything. In fact, don't take this professor. Or the class. I do not recommend him at all. Drop the class if you know whats good for you.
He is a very boring teacher. The class is pointless because it has no direction and will leave you in a state of frustration.
I couldn't stand the class. I learned one thing all semester. Pointless waste of a 3 hour class. I often wondered if he was dropped on his head as a child or something.
Horrible professor. Do not take this class unless you have to. Very unclear, boring lectures that are a waste of time. Never lets class out early. Expects too much work outside of class. Run..........
class was a waste of time. I left each week not knowing what was supposed to have been learned. The weekly work was tremendous, but fairly easy. The final project was hyped up all semester but ended up being just a PP presentation.
The King of filling up class time, dont ever expect to get out of class early. Oh yeah and he is an ass clown who thinks this is the only class you are taking, **** this guy.
its just funny that this guy is teaching creativity when he could figure out how to ope na bag of cheetos>>>>>>>
I havent' talked to anyone who has enjoyed this class at all. He doesn't understand this is a theme and most people are taking because they have to. No one wants to put 40 HOURS into his class project when they have other classes that matter.
I saw other EGR304 ratings on here and was compelled to add. Unbelievable expectations for a class most are taking just to fulfill their theme. This class is really a waste of time. Lots and lots of time.
Just awful
Lost in his own thoughts, expects too much out of you for a "creativity course" including 23-40 hrs on an outside project, weekly internet postings, and weekley online quizes...on top of maintaning a folder, class participation forms, and his 3h
Without going into detail...1/3 of his students dropped the class in the 1st four weeks. You figure out the rest...
This class is called Creativity but he wants you to use his ideas for your project. This guy has lost it completely, don't bother here, take a different theme class.
Just awful. This class is a waste of tuition and 3 hours. No theme class should require this much work, especially when it doesn't apply to your major at all. This man is a joke, avoid him unless you want to lose your mind.
a real jerk. not helpful at all and is very vague on requirments.
Not the greatest teacher. Very boring, and talks funny.
We learned how to write letters & numbers and even draw some blocks today!
Confused on Subject
DOESN'T EXPLAIN HOW TO DO THE MATERIAL!!! YOU WILL NEED LOTS OF HELP!!!!!
Professor Asefa is pretty awful. I gave him a chance at the beginning, despite the fact that I could barely understand him. That went out the window after the first exam. It's open book/notes/internet, but the tests are STILL insanely tough! I don't recommend taking this with him.
This class is easy, just study each chapters multiple choice review questions for the online part of the book. Most test questions are directly off the reviews. If you show up to class a week before the exam he gives you all the answers for the reviews.
Worst teacher I've ever had in my entire educational career. Complained to the dean about him. The dean said they get complaints all the time but there is nothing they can do about it. Attending lecture is pointless as he is incomprehensible some days. Better off staying home and memorizing the powerpoints he post since he just reads from them.
I hated this professors teaching style the lectures do not help with the tests.Even reading the book didnt help on the test because the test had small details that you wouldnt think were important because they were not covered in class. The first day of class he told us not to complain to the head of the department because he wouldnt do anything.
this man can not teach, he mumbles to the board. he got a thick accent. you get nothing out of this class, save your time and effort for something useful
I absolutely HATED this class with a passion. The tests are all multiple choice but nothing that you studied for is on the exam. I complained about him to the chairman of economics and he told me that even he agrees that he isn't the greatest. DO NOT TAKE!!
can't understand a word he is saying which makes lecture pointless to attend. only tests make up your grade..
class discussion had nothing to do with what was on the tests. doesn't speak english. just reads the powerpoint notes given to him by the book and doesn't give students time to write them all down.
This class sucked. He is so hard to understand and all he does is read off powerpoint slides. When I actually drug myself to class I always sat there wondering why i even came, and was so bored i had to leave early. watching paint dry is more fun. the guy is a ****..AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
I would rather pluck out my own eyeballs with my bare hands than have to sit through one of her classes again. Every second listening to her was spent wishing I could just reach inside my ears and tear out my cochlea. If education is meant to be enlightening, her class is a pitch-black abyss where dreams wither and die.
Worst professor ever. Attendance is "mandatory," but she doesn't actually take 10% of your grade off after 2 skips. Final grade was based off of one assignment a tutoring portfolio that she was very picky on. She gave us what should be in it the day it was due. Gives the same lecture over and over. Very unorganized.
Worst professor I have ever had! The class itself is pretty easy, but you won't learn a thing and you will leave every class feeling like your time is being wasted. The worst part of this class is Prof Schneider herself. She is constantly making discriminatory remarks about groups of people and about students in the class! AVOID!
Worst English course/professor I have had in my 5 yrs at GVSU. She is always off schedule, but does not update the students about the schedule changes. She based more than half of our grade on a final project she did not provide an assignment sheet or guidelines for. She is rude to students and arrogant-though not very knowledgeable. Avoid her.
She veers off topic & never answers questions directly. She's unwilling to see error in her ways even when the entire class is confused & frustrated. When I asked for clarification on behalf of the class, she became defensive, sarcastic, & condescending, as though I was at fault for her lack of clarity. I've never had such an unpleasant experience.
She tore people apart on their lesson plans after having given no guidelines for them or expectations. She takes off points if you don't buy the books even though other than for this reason you won't need all of them. She will either give pop quizes on what you havent read or will go on and on about something you just read and does not need this
Very disrespectful! She told everyone to drop her class the first day. She told students they should have nothing else going on in their lives because her class takes priority. Then she told everyone to drop her class...again.
Talks a lot. Doesn't really help students out much or communicate about grades, grading, or expectations. Always has a story to go with whatever she's going over. As a result, the class I took with her covered only 7 of the 11 books I had to buy for it. Knowledgable, but a time-waster. If you're going to spend that much time, make it a 3 hour class
DONT TAKE THIS COURSE!!!! You will regret the day you did. She talks nonstop about herself and you will learn literally nothing in this class.
I have never had a worse class in my life & I am a hard working, serious student. The prof grades arbitrarily, disrespects students of minorities & w differing views, talks nonstop about nonsense, does not look at differing perspectives, & will not reason.You will NOT learn & even worse, u will not be respected.
Just b/c you're a "sweet" lady sometimes, doesn't mean you should teach. This class was my biggest waste of time yet; she totally plays favorites and is completely condescending. By insisting on being better and higher than her students (DOCTOR Schneider...), she makes it impossible to build any kind of professional relationship. Hard grader, too.
Gets very distracted, contradicts her own instructions, is never clear on assignments or projects. Lots of projects + unclear directions = lots of extra work. Try to find another professor if you can.
One of the worse profs I ever had.unclear.contradicts herself constantly, assignments are never clear and 1/2 the time she forgets the directions she gave you and then marks you down for not doing it "right".she plays favorites, talks mostly about herself and not at all about how to teach children to read! I didn't learn anything from this class
TERRIBLE. Unclear. Plays favorites, judges students before actually listening to them, never clarifies anything, and constantly changes her mind about requirements and assignments. Take any one BUT her and you'll at least learn something-I sure didn't learn a thing from her, except to warn everyone else about her to put an end to the insanity.
Terrible. Just terrible. Tells you to take notes when she's talking about KWL charts or Thematic units. I learned that 3 semesters ago!
literally the worst prof i've ever had. boring, teaches nothing, and EXTREMELY strict on attendance.
Big waste of my time and money. i was excited for this class but she is so unclear and unorganized. if u don't want to hear her whole family story and the same gossip over and over then stay away!!!
She is very boring and you learn more about her than the actual subject. She has favorites so suck up in the beginning. You'll pass just do the work.
This is the WORST class I have ever taken. What did I learn...nothing about teaching reading just about her son and daughter and about their lives. Don't take this class unless you absolutely have too! Get a different professor!!! No tests! Hard grader!
She is without a doubt the worst tteacher I have ever had. She was never on time for class. She is rude to her students. Going to class made me want to cry. I learned NOTHING in an entire semester. I want a refund.
Think she is the queen, afterall she is a DR.
Most high pitched annoying voice. Good Luck - hardest class ever.
Change Teachers NOW!! Grades HORRIBLE!
take if you want to learn about Martha Stuart
Avoid her
Hated class did not learn a thing..never hands back things DROP!!!!!
MEAN! Grades depending on her mood-no rationale. Quizes on trivial things. DROP!
I agree. She's the worst prof I've ever had.
very lost in her explanation. wasnt involved in work outside the classroom. Tho
class , but grades fairly easily. very unclear about assignments
Total waste of time. Did not learn a thing. Not a nice lady!
Gets off topic in lecture, is difficult to follow along. Tough grader, I tried to ask why I lost points and it was because I did not provide a citation (for a math problem) and when I showed him he said it's still wrong because it was in the wrong chapter even though it clearly wasn't. Overall terrible, don't take even if you're a good student.
so so bad. I learned absolutely nothing from him. He is difficult to follow and will mark you wrong for a correct answer if you do not do it the way he wants
Don't ever take his class. No matter how hard you try you'll still be wrong. I went to office hours just to come out with more questions. I went to tutoring centers to get more help, he still says I'm wrong. He asks to show work on things that are difficult to show work for. If it's not to his liking, forget it.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HIM. This is the worst professor at gvsu. Lectures are confusing and he makes everything more difficult than it has to be. It is like he is trying to get us to fail. This professor IS NOT setting ANYONE up for success. He should not be a professor and should be fired.
This is hands down one of the worst educators I have ever had. I am naturally good at math and science and I had a C+ in the class. I was extremely disappointed with his teaching abilities. He doesnt care if you get the answer right, if he doesnt like the way you did a problem, he will still mark you wrong. Do not take his classes.
Worst teacher ever. Dont know how he is a professor
Does not do a good job of explaining material to his students. He rambles on about things we did in a previous class. Its basically a class where you have to teach yourself. He does give out bonus points but they do not equal the amount you get wrong on assignments due to him grading so heavy. If you dont do it his way, good luck. Dont take!!!!
Rambles off onto random topics during lecture, extremely complicated tests. You have to teach yourself Trigonometry pretty much. Expect him to accuse you of cheating, and don't expect to ever hear back from him in emails. His study guides and answer keys for exams consist of page numbers and references to lectures, doesn't actually explain anything
Care about your GPA? Don't take professor Haidar's class. He grades awfully, it is his way or the highway. There were many occasions where I or my peers would get a correct answer and show work, but he didn't like it, so he marked it wrong. He knows the material, just doesn't know how to teach or communicate concepts to the students.
For MTH 123, it is a level 100 class but it feels as if it is a level 300 class. His grading is ridiculous. If you dont do it specifically right the whole problem is wrong. You can tell its super hard considering a 58 percent in his class is a C. I DO NOT recommend taking him. It would be wise to take another trig professor
Tries to come off as lighthearted and funny, but is anything but. Makes material harder than it needs to be, because he's disorganized and rude when asked questions. Made three people cry in my class. Thinks his time is more important than yours. Do not take this professor.
Professor Haidar is chooses to play a guessing game rather than teaching. He will put a problem on the board that you have never seen before and that you were never taught and would be asked to solve it. Would not recommend or take again. Very very heavy curve on all exams including the final.
Pro: -Leaves work on board -HEAVY CURVE Con: -Asks to solve a problem you've never seen before, spend 45 min on it, only to say question is "bogus" in the end -Each test has a 4 pg essay (Can't keep test) -Partial Credit. What is it? -Final unpassable, includes topics only in book -First grade submitted 1 week before final(ask prior, you're "good")
His teaching style is not conducive for obtaining optimum efficiency of learning. Class consist of him asking how to do a problem. Oh heeeee knows how to solve it, but let's spend most of a 2 hour class period guessing wrong solutions. I have never seen a professor grade the way he does. Partial credit doesn't exist for him.
not a great teacher, condescending and rude
It's hard to write a review on this guy without dropping constant F-bombs. Insanely egotistical. Arrogant. Gets angry if you ask questions. Refuses to explain anything in any way other than his own. Ridiculously picky grader. Hates partial credit. A truly worthless professor, and this is coming from someone pulling a B in his Calc 3 class.
bad prof.
This prof was bad. He was all over the place in his teaching and had no structure to his methods. He knows math, but not how to teach it effectivly. Do Not Take!
Prof Haidar is a terrible prof. He doesn't help you learn the material if you have questions, and just talks about random things in class. I would def not take him again.
I took AP Calculus in HS and got an A, but got a C in his Calc 1 class. The material on the tests was unrelated to anything taught in the class. He also thinks all people learn the same way, and refuses to be flexible with his teaching methods. He got irritated when I came to his office hours with questions about the material.
Doesnt explain in detail for all homework/reviews. Watch out for the test as they are tricky. Pro expects you to teach yourself the majority of the work. Homework is graded by work showed. Make sure you understand the basics before taking this class.
I simply couldn't stand him. His explanations were terrible and I ended up teaching myself. Only two tests all semester, but they are extremely difficult . He is the worst professor I've had in my three years in college. AVOID AT ALL COST.
he is a great person, but as a teacher, i would definately not take him again. you have to either already know the calc or teach yourself. his tests are extremely hard and usually cover things that we never went over. overall, good guy, not so good teacher.
Very poor prof. He uses most of class time to talk. Hope to be one of the favorites...On his quizzes and exams he puts on material not covered in class. The only thing we learned was from the homework. Nothing taught during class is tested on. This prof is a waste of time.
He is very misleading on his exams. During class disscutions and questions everyone seems to get all the answers and understands the problems, but then during the exams he throws questions that are out of no where that no one understands. He is very interesting guy to talk to but he is not an effective teacher and you shouldn't take him.
This guy is an all around jerk - I highly recommend you take someone else. His self righteous attitude places no interest in your ability to learn. If you don't follow him in class, it's your fault, according to him.
Dr. Haidar uses valuable time to talk about subjects not relating to calculus 3. He also finds it funny to humiliate students in front of the class. Very poor presentation in front of the calss, insensitive to students needs.
Spends more time telling stories and jokes than teaching. Seen him makes some students feel like idiots in front of the whole class just because they don't understand the material very well. Would recommend another professor. One of the worst professors I have ever had.
Easily the worst teacher I have ever had. He only helps the students he likes and he only likes the students that don't need help. He wastes most of the class periods then tests on material not covered. Do not take this professor.
Prof thinks he is the best. He isn't!!! He is hard to follow and gets into things way over the heads of the students. I would never take another class instructed by him. His final exam left me feeling unfulfilled because it wasn't on the material I studied so hard for. It was a conseptuial test, ment to see if you could take it to the next level.
Without his curve, only 5 of 30 people would pass the course. His exams have little to do with mechanics of the course. Study all you want, bring any material you want, you'll be lucky to get a 'C'. After his exams, you'll feel you learned nothing. Take his class if you like feeling stupid.
They're still letting this man teach???? I had him several years ago. I've now finished a law degree and a graduate degree, and I have never had a worse professor.
Worst teacher ever. He showed up late almost everyday then told stupid stories and expected us to learn everything. Then he curved the grades because if he didn't over half the class would've failed.
Will never take his class again and would not recommend it. Tests were difficult and he spent most of the class telling pointless stories instead of teaching.
I only had him for Freshman seminar please don't take that class for your own sake but especially don't take it with him, he doesn't do anything to make it interesting and doesn't bring in guest speakers or anything like that. so don't take the class
worst prof ever. he makes fun of and embarasses students. his lectures are hard to follow. no matter how much you study, the tests are still suprising. On my final exam, I left at least 40% of the problems blank, and it curved to a b-
I only had him for Freshman Seminar which was a waste of time anyway but he made it even worse!! I can't imagine having him for math..
I'm a law student now. This man is still the worst prof I've ever had. 3 students in my class filed grievances w/ the Univ.
Lucifer himself, run away!!!
This guys sucks, worst ever, everyone fails the test....impossible.
This prof was worst I have ever had in my career as a student.
good luck, or take it at GRCC
What is this guy talking about? worthless homework assignments
Very insensitive. Difficult person. Rude. Unfriendly. Not helpful. AVOID!
Makes freshman seminar boring please stop with the puzzle
HE CAN'T EVEN MAKE FRESHMAN SEMINAR INTERESTING!!!!!!!!! HE IS BORING!!!!
He is vindictive.
If you don't understand the first time, he won't explain it again!
Avoid this prof like the plague. You will think you understand the material
He had no respect for me or my desire to learn
Clark was honestly the worst professor I've ever had at GVSU. He was not helpful at all, and would make you feel like an idiot if you asked any questions. On multiple occasions he told my friend to get tested for a learning disability. Literally, if you can take ANYONE else, avoid him at all costs.
This professor is not good at explaining concepts. If anything, his explanations left students more confused than they were originally. Some days he gave handouts that were not very informative, and other days students watched as he typed problems into a math program and didn't explain what he was doing.
Dr. Wells' class had extremely inconsistent structure. Some days we were given handouts to work through and other days we stared at him running Maple code all class. Your entire grade depends on a portfolio at the end of the semester and to get an A you have to do your own project outside of class. The grading to me feels extremely subjective.
No help. Lectures are boring and useless. Worst class I've ever taken, and I'm a math major.
Does not help at all even if you go to office hours...
If you are looking for a normal math class, this is not what you want. He wants you to explain everything you are doing and if you do not he will not give you a good score. He grades in numbers and not letters, you have to show mastery on the math targets which in most cases means you have to write a paragraph on every answer. Never know your grade
Professor provides no feedback on grades and takes very little interest in how his students are doing.
A very ineffective teacher. Unfortunately it's worse. His personality comes through in class.
He means well, but is an amazingly ineffective teacher. Many class periods were spent on one or two questions covering very little material. In addition, (I'm not sure if this is just Wells) the portfolio requirement in this class is pointless and a huge time-waster. In all, I would not recommend Dr. Wells.
Im a math major and have taken many math classes, he is by far the Worst teacher in math and is the 2nd worst teacher in my life. He cant teach, most of the class was doing horrible, good thing i am able to teach myself,Would have received an A/A- with any other teacher.he sucks and looks like beaker from the muppets. No style either
I'm good at math. He doesn't explain things well. I basically taught my whole class. He's horrible
doesnt teach. asks so many question and doesnt know when to stop. will take an hour explaining a question but the last sentence is all you need
Answers questions with another question. VERY Frustrating and uneasy to understand at times. Feels like a waste of time and he confuses me sometimes.
He would answer your questions with a question and he would never go over homework and expect you to take quizzes on the homework. NEVER TAKE HIM! .....EVER!
Poor method of teaching, AVOID HIS CLASSES! Bad text! He wanted to improve the text by using own approach. Only made everything worse! Difficult to understand work assigned. C Wells will OJ your skills and optimism about math. Doesn't want to help outside of class. Take even a 7:00 AM Saturday course with another prof to avoid C Wells!
this class is supposed to be a breeze its basic high school math but this gut makes everything harder than what it is... Never answers questions only with questions and tells you basically that every math rule and concept you have ever learned is wrong. sucks as a teacher... DO NOT TAKE FOR ANYTHING!!!
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!! He is a horrible prof. he answers your questions by asking you another question. i recommend you stay away from him if it is at all possible. Unless you want to be confused all semester.
is a terrible professor but a nice guy. dont take him unless u want a boring class.
Answers ur q's w/ q's. Challenges ur thinking. Test are new material. 3/4 of class failed last test. U will NEED a tutor and itll still be hard. 1 hr.=1 prob.Lots of h/w. Gives worksheet to teach lesson and u won't know what to do. Gives time 2 solve and class acts like we are working.Don't Get HIM!
Horrible Prof!! DO NOT TAKE!! I already have taken and passed this class but he still couldnt give me enough info to even remember what I had done in high school. Answers questions with questions in an unhelpful way. Takes an hour to do one problem. Gives tests over sections he hasnt even taught.
Well... Hopefully you dont need this class for your major.. He takes a class that shouldn't be too excessively hard and makes it extremely difficult. Answers questions with questions in a very round about way. HORRIBLE PROF!
Hardest class ever. Doesn't explain anything well. Tests are impossible to get an A on. Do not take any of his classes.
Answers questions with questions.
NOT Helpful will spend whole periods on one problem and answer nothing at the end.
Starts out the class teaching at a resonable pace, then half way through the semester he kicks it into super drive and flies through the material he's supposed to have covered, leaving the students in the dust. Tests Impossible Literally!
someone needs to fire him. if you don't know it, watch out - doesn't teach.
Answers every frickin' question with a question!! Lots of work!!
Made basic algebra a nightmare.
Is not helpful with the portfolio. Also can't stay on task in class.
He confuses himself, never accomplishes anything, very boring
This man IS NOT a teacher, he teaches no one anything.
Get ready for 6hr long Challenge Problems every week. Get out.
ANTH and SS Majors are graded tougher than those taking this course as an elective - she was not clear about this up front.
I HATED this class.. it was soooo uninteresting.. i didnt even show up the last month and a half! lol the sad part is i still got an B+. She has in class exercises worth 1 point that do not effect your grade at all. 7 article reports that are pointless and your whole grade is based on the midterm and final which is straight off the study guide
.
This man hated teaching and wasn't afraid to tell people. He only cared about publishing. Thank the Lord he's gone!
I disliked him so much, I'll rate his sorry arse again! Good riddance!
Thank you Retirement!
Hmm.. I can honestly say I didn't learn a thing in that class
BOOOORING. Class lectures are a joke. Tons of memorization from book.
I tried talking to him several times, thank god I will get a new advisor
Bad thats all i can say
Boring, no tact, Insane memorization for tests, not even subpar in any category.
This man should not be allowed to teach. Way too critical and aggressive.
I dropped his class immediately after the midterm. Shouldn't be teaching period!
This man should find a different profession. He is the worst teacher I have had.
This guy should be fired, Never ASK him a QUESTIOn HE'll bite your head off
This guy has no redeeming value whatsoever.
"When i worked at (some company)...", Egotistical, projects insanely difficult
Thinks he knows all the stuff, but out of industry for long time. AVOID!!!
"This stuff is easy. Its my job to make it harder." - Joe Adamski (dead serious)
Egotistical, disrespectful, burned out, belittles & harasses students in class.
Disrespectful to students. Not worth the time.
Uses class to brag about his days in the "working world". Read and repeat. Blah!
don't go unless you have a project due...sleep in
The class is about memorization not learning.
Never repeat things. Disrespect students. Poor helping student techniques.
read the book, sleep in class
Danko is by far the worst professor I have ever had. It is a miracle I only have had her for 7 weeks. She purely reads from her PowerPoints and her lectures are very boring. She grades extremely tough, and her exams are very difficult. It probably does not help that I cannot pay attention during her lecture, due to her lack of ability to engage.
does not explain anything during lectures, she is just not a good teacher. way too much busy work for no reason (not like anyone knows how to do it anyways)
Dori is very smart and knows accounting. However, we are an entry level class and she acted like we knew what she meant. I did take her as a 6-9 and she never would let us out early even if we had the homework done. Gets annoyed when we ask for help. Exams are tough but so is everything else. Worst professor in Seidman college I've had.
I like Dori as a person. As a professor for acc212, i would not recommend. She usually teaches higher level acc classes and I've learned that in 212. She flies through material thinking we know what she's talking about. The group assignments and quizzes are only worth 2.5 points, exams are impossible. Basically only pts are tests, good luck w those
Her exams are impossible and have nothing to do with the homework. She also told us the wrong date for the final and emailed everyone the night of to say she changed the date. I would avoid this teacher and try to take it through someone else because she is just horrible. Which at this point seems to be a common trend at Grand Valley.
Genuinely one of the worst professors I have ever had. Not accessible at all. When e-mailing and asking questions, she gives very vague and snotty responses. Does not give much practice material so you actually know what you're doing and tests are impossible. IF you want to understand and pass accounting, don't take her.
Gets off track a lot and doesn't explain the actual math of the problems. Expects you to teach yourself a lot of the material. Didn't know anything about accounting going in, and don't know anything about accounting going out. GET A TUTOR IF YOU TAKE HER.
She is awful! I looked at this before taking her class and expected it to go well. I failed and did not learn a single thing. Take Dennis Stovall, he is AMAZING! If you actually want to learn accounting and aren't an accounting major, he is the place to go.
Does not seem quite qualified to teach this class. Very nice person, but not quite what this upper level class needs.
Not very helpful or forgiving to those who are not accounting majors.
Fast, faster, fastest!! Instructor goes too quickly over material, with a weird possessed attitude. Take someone else if you want to hear it!
Students love her because she causes GRADE INFLATION!! Easy A, I guess.
He talks about working in tech the way it was 20 years ago. This guy has been away from the industry (has he ever been in the industry?) for far too long to be teaching this class.
Leidig is the director of the School of CIS. Should be focused on the future, but all of his lectures are "back in my day" stories. Class covers dull tech legal history. Don't expect much out of the discussions, because he'll immediately cut you off before you can explain your argument.
Doesn't know the material. Should really be teaching business courses, not CS.
worst class ever!!!!!!!
Avoid if possible. He is a very poor prof. Goes on tangents, gives conflicting answers and mis information if it fits his views.
He is a joke! He came unprepaired to class, creat his slides at break and continued to provide conflicting answers to the same questions in successive classes. The worst thing about it is that he is the department chair!
took option not to take final. had A- plus parcipaion points, didn't raise grade
Tons of writing, always on a tangent of a tangent, stories of 20 years ago.
Does not respond to email
Treats students like high schoolers in terms of teaching but grades difficultly
At first, I thought she was great, but she gets worse as the semester progresses. She told me one of my papers was so bad that she wanted permission to use it in future classes to show students what a bad paper looks like. She is a perfectionist herself and expects students to be the same. Go easy on yourself and take someone else.
Wow she is crazy!!! She is very indirect and considers everything slang. She grades poorly and is quite possible the most boring/ horrible prof. I have ever had.
Does not know how to help anyone.Only there to make you feel small.BAD teacher.
She was a bad teacher, I think a cat with a pointer could have taught better
huh? she makes no friggin sense!!! pointless. she plays favs
She has the ability to make the simple complicated--a very unfair person
Prof. White makes things much harder than they have to be!
While extremely knowledgeable, Bacino lacks the ability to stay organized throughout the lectures and often strays weeks off the syllabus. Keep up with the reading and be organized. I recommend the use of a power point to guide his lectures and additional maps to clarify material.
VERY BORING, TALKS IN CIRCLES, SAYS YA A LOT, TEST ARE EASY
100% regret taking this class. Paul was rude and exceedingly dismissive, and while his instructions were incredibly vague, he somehow still had very specific ideas in mind of what he wanted. He talks a big game yet never seems able to form a coherent concept.
Hands down the worst professor I've ever had. He talks a big game and tries to sound smart by using a lot of random vocabulary but it just makes him sound like a jerk. He is so abstract and the criteria of the class is so unclear so you never know what you're doing. He is not willing to help his students, and just belittles you when you ask! 0/10
paul gives little to no instructions on any of his random projects, he never gives due dates until the class before. Super unorganized and I spent an entire semester completely lost as to what was going on. Also, he grades based on his opinion of your work, not any specific criteria
paul knows a lot about art but is so completely indecisive in expectations, organization, and just about everything you want a professor for. he will not lead you to bettering yourself. I've never felt so empty about art until his class. if you are taking him for cps know this is a weeding out class but it will also destroy your love of art.
Paul is a pretty nutty guy, but his class discussions are funny; they're pretty long but still remarkably hilarious. He is not very clear with instructions, so get the number of a classmate or two to help keep track of everything and get 2nd opinions. He uses the Wiki heavily and that will be the basis of the info you get for projects.
Group crits are a useless waste of time. Individual crits are almost as big of a waste of time. He likes projects to be done his way, his style. And the wiki will dominate your life.
Paul is a very easy person to get along with, just so long as you're not in class. Paul is amazingly unclear about everything. If this class teaches you anything it won't be Creative Problem Solving, it will be how to play the game of BS-ing. Don't let the first couple days of "nice" fool you!!!!!
Calrity is the name of the game, and Paul does not play it well. If you get along with vague and flighty peole, he is your man. Don't expect alot of help because he will tell you one thing and contradict himself the next day. Good luck to you!
Not very helpful at all and very unclear. He'd be a cool guy if he didnt pick favorites so much.
definately plays favorites. and fake.
Very frustrating, won't give definite answers, makes students feel stupid
Her test were extremely hard in my opinion. The test are written with multiple correct answers but one is more correct than the rest. If you are good at catching those fine details great. If not take another teacher. Why try to trick people arent the main details more important?
I have taken a class with Dr. Hunt before and I loved her, but online format is not for her. If you can avoid taking an online class with her, DO IT! She posts way too much material and expects us to do it all within a week so she can post another quiz or exam for us to take. She does not answer emails and decided to do zooms at very random times
Taking this course online with her was a nightmare. She never actually lectured, she didn't answer questions/emails, & she refused to record the random zoom sessions that she just began offering mid-semester. She posts very complex quizzes every week at a different day/time, & that's all that's in the gradebook. Do not recommend.
RUN. I had a 4.0 before this class. She does not/will not teach the material. It's entirely up to your ability to read the text book and pray to god you understand it well enough to answer her incredibly specific, confusing quiz/exam questions. Didn't even get a zoom lecture until weeks into the course. Horrible, horrible, horrible. Do not take!!
This professor did the bare minimum with teaching this class. No lecture videos and barely any powerpoints/notes to supplement the reading guides she gives. Exams are way harder than what they need to be. Ignored many students emails when asking for help with the course when a majority of students are struggling in the class.
She does not post any PowerPoints or lecture recordings. She has tests and quizzes weekly. The due date for the tests and quizzes are random and she never post them the same day of the week. They are also not open for the same time. She sent an email saying the exam was going to be due on Wednesday and closed it early. She does not respond to email
You teach yourself, gave stupid excuses why she can't teach via recordings. Gives you reading guides that are over 20+ pages when completed. Materials given last minute, no communication or timeline. Tests are super specific and confusing. Late or no response to emails. Disorganized, lazy. Don't ask about your grade, she'll just say it's fine.
Hunt's lectures for this course were unorganized, difficult to follow, and had no visual supplementation (stay away if you are a visual learner, she just lectures). She assigns an extensive amount of reading outside of class, yet doesn't elaborate on the reading assignments during lecture. Whole grade is based on 2 exams, good luck.
Prof. Hunt always got distracted by her own stories. She was disorganized and it was a bad experience overall. She lost my first exam and didn't tell me until our last exam was handed back. She told me she would take care of it but didn't and my grade suffered. Her exams were easy though because she let you use cheat sheets.
Sit in the front of the class and act like a try-hard if you want an A. Exams are all essay-based, so she grades based on what she thinks is "detailed enough." I aced physics II but not "evolution of social behavior" what a joke loll. Don't take if you're tryna go to grad school bc she will ruin your GPA
Destroyer of GPAs! Her exams are ridiculous! You give 110% and she still flunks you. Yeah, she's funny and clever and "attempts" to make class fun, but ALL she does is lecture. She isn't clear at all. There are 2 exams and the final as well as a field assignment to the zoo (in the snow) to observe animals. Beware this professor!
she was the worst prof i've ever had! test are way too hard. don't waste your time with this class
Very bad prof., wired like the taco-bell dog, real jumpy and sparky. Her tests are next to impossible unless you memorize all the material. Literally!!!!take at your own risk, youve been warned!!!! Ha HA hA
THIS CLASS WAS THE BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE! NO HELP AT ALL
Nice lady but when you get her quizzes and exams you will have met the DEVIL herself. Hardest quizzes and tests EVER! Also if your hoping to learn about the environment, dont take this class! It's titled Environmental Science and is more like a Bio class.
Not helpful, didn't do a good job clarifying what she wanted in a paper, or any assignment. I don't recommend her.
To many articles per week compared to other capstone classes.
He is a VERY nice and VERY intelligent man -- but I feel like the niceness is a facade. You could get hit by a car while going to your mom's funeral and he still wouldn't let you turn your paper in an hour after class... No real sympathy and lots of work.
He is so boring and always uses overheads, nothing else!
Talks like a DR (i.e. a cold isnt just a cold its some long scientific name. Does not try to help, just kinda pushes you out the door when you really need his help. Great sense of humor and good stories. Thats all I can really say about the class.
Lectures are boring and test are impossible!
richard simons? doesnt really care what students think, egotistical
Worst Prof @GVSU, he doesn't care about his students- enjoys our failure!!!
Easy Exams, Grades Projects Hard. But He's Rude, Thinks he's God & Self-loving
Mean and absurdly dismissive of students. If you don't follow something, then he will laugh if you ask a question and typically move on anyway.
Literally, just don't. He's the worst. Expects everyone to be some type of Chemistry genius, like him. Not helpful, even if you go to his office hours. Way too much homework, but that's kinda a dept. thing. Either way, you'd be better off with another professor.
He is a terrible professor, he could care less about his students and doesn't explain the material well at all. His lectures tend to be word for word out of the text. Really isnt helpful at all.
He is a complete ****. He cheated and improved his daughter's grade from a C to an A.
I enjoyed his stories; I don't see how they were relevant to class whatsoever, but I found him entertaining nonetheless. But yes, he turns INTRO to Sociology into an impossible discipline. He should just stick to being a therapist, although I wonder how he fairs with that.
WORST PROFESSOR EVER. Do not take ANY class he teaches, everything said about him thus far is true. It's not the material that makes it difficult, it's him. Avoid at all costs.
I graduated from ud last year and this guy was the worst prof ever, probably in the entire history of academia. He is a total jerk. some one should clue him in on this website to destroy his lousy, self-rightous ego. Hope he has a rotten xmas.
A dipicable, poor excuse for a human being. He is George Castanza's evil twin. Grumpy, angry man who needs to stop bragging about himself. To top it all off he is a bad professor who does not relay any useful info to his students.
Wow this guy wrote a text book. Too bad his is an embarrasment to the scholarly world. His "colleagues" don't like him either. Do not take class. Don't even consider it.
This class was awful! The lectures were pointless and had nothing to do with the material on the tests. This class brought down my GPA. definitely do not take this class!!!
worst teacher i have ever had. Test are impossible and his lecures are pointless and have nothing to do with the material. DROP HIS CLASS ASAP!!
i am currently studying over 2000 notecards from the test bank because this is the only way to pass the class....if you take this class, you will hear nothing but stories of how he is the greatest man in the world.... stay away, you still have a chance...
Never around when you need help, i.e. he never responds to e-mails and he only has office hours twice a week for a half hour each. Makes you buy HIS book for $50 then HIS test packet for $50. He talks about nothing and cares nothing of the students.
Absolute waste of time, and class. He lectures about NOTHING, then his tests are impossible. I had to change it to pass/fail to keep the grade from killing my GPA. DO NOT TAKE
Dropped this class immediately. He's entertaining with his antics, but also obnoxious & defensive.-Constantly trying to prove that sociology is legit. Admitted the first day he's not politically correct & students can be easily offended by him
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. or any class he may teach. one of the worst teaches i've ever had, this class is IMPOSSIBLE. his lectures have nothing to do with the tests - they have nothing to do with anything at all. if you have him - DROP THE CLASS
DON'T take this class. I went to every lecture, read the text, AND bought the test bank and still ended up with a C+. He's just out to prove that sociology is not such a soft science by making the class ridiculously impossible to get an A in.
took him once, got a c. took him again for revenge, got a c. forget about it, don't waste your time
worst episode ever (buy test bank)
Money hungry. If you buy the test bank ($55) you will do fine.. because he uses the EXACT same questions.. but i didn't have 55 dollars.. so i did ****ty while everyone who bought it did fine. He rambles, goes on tantrums, and plays devil's advocate.
liar, cheat, doesn't teach, will fail you. don't take him!!!!
book sucks, doesn't profess, be prepared to fall asleep in class, babbles too
WORST EVER! HAVE NO CLUE WHAT HE TESTS ON BECAUSE IT ISNT CLASS MATRIAL. AVOID!
Rambles, lectures don't help at all. Book unreadable, impossible! don't take!
unfair, gives random grades, doesnt teach what is on tests
egomaniac. 5 meetings behind the syllabus. book unreadable. tests unfair.
HORRIBLE! degrades students and other profs. obscure test questions! DO NOT TAKE
This guy is the worst, period!
Seriously what's wrong with this man. He teaches nothing!!
Studying won't help, he asks obscure questions, exams aren't from class material
yrs ago caught changing student evaluations-should've been fired-worst prof ever
tough prof;read the bk & take notes & you'll be fine; challenges your views
nothing from class on tests, decent lecturor, but useless babble mostly
he likes to yell at the walls b/c he is bitter that sociology isnt a science!
This man needs to do Udel a favor and either die or retire which ever is faster.
DROPP THIS CLASS NOW! 'nuff said.
worst class ever, worst teacher ever
TERRIBLE, noithing from class is in tests, tests from out of his ass
very unclear in his wording of HIS textbook which you must buy only at rainbow.
...the worst course i have ever taken (by far)
Arrogant, pompous. Not there to help. Must buy his book. AVOID!!
makes students who try to participate feel very stupid , unfair exams
If changing the syllabus then not answering, voice mails or e-mails is teaching.
The most unhelpful,narrow minded, careless, egocentric I have ever meet!!
Worst professor I ever had in my life. VERY unhelpful and VERY egotistical
One of the worst I have ever had at udel...get out now!
uck.....run!!!! run now while there is still time!!!
Do not take a class w/ this man! Uses textbook HE wrote YEARS ago, very rude,
DO NOT TAKE ANY COURSE WITH THIS "PROFESSOR" UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!!!
Summary of This class: DiRenzo's theories rule, or you fail.
Horrible prof., shouldn't be allowed to teach, opinionated and egotistical
He is the everlasting know it all!!!!
ok people, u have the tests.. study them and u will get a B. know his attendance
Makes no sense. Does not test you on what he teaches.His book is incoherent .
mean mean old man, reminds me of a midget grinch.
Bad Bad teacher....by far!! Proves that a high degree doesn't mean good teacher!
Ignorant to collegues and very arrogant. Class is stupid.
Out dated lectures and refuses to discuss topics if they differ fron his opinion
This professor constantly belittles his students and is not very helpful.
This professor constantly belittles his students and is not very helpful. I'm sorry I took his class.
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH! I can't believe this man still has a job. The things he was trying to teach to first year theory students were so out there and superfluous it was unbelievable. A phony. Never, ever take one of his classes unless you enjoy being in a state of confusion, frustration, and misery.
This professor acts like he wants to help you but lacks the ability to do so. He should not be a professor; he is just ill suited to the job. Also his attitude can make everyone miserable. If you are considering taking one of his classes, run! Or better yet, just transfer to another university!
He has a good understanding of his field, but doesn't know how to portray information to his students. His class is VERY difficult to follow and very unorganized. You will be lost the whole entire year, unless your theory skills are well developed.
After taking a class with him, you will want to change your mind about majoring in music. He will single out a few and make a specticle of them. If you're one of these people, just throw in the towel and leave the music program.
My hell would be having to take his class for all eternity.
Can't approach for help; would fall asleep more if not for the corny jokes.
he made me hate my major he has no love for any music pther than what he likes.
yells at you when you ask questions about the grade you got on an assignment. hard to understand
Dr. Jinn doesn't care about long-term learning, and spent more time making fun of the students than lecturing about the content. He asked the female students inappropriate questions involving their romantic lives, and refused to answer good questions, such as "why is ____ the case?" All in all, I would not take this professor again.
means well, but wasn't a great prof. a lot of time is spent writing code for a program that he isn't completely familiar with…get the book and reference it for the projects, all exams are open note so keep everything
I read this and was not that worried about taking his class... I spent all my time in class just trying to understand what he was saying. I took AP stats in high school and felt like I came out of this class knowing less. He wasn't clear on tests or quizzes about what he was looking for for an answer. Unless you're good at stats, I would avoid hi
Horrible!
Worst professor I've ever had.I'm a strong math student but I feel that I did horrible in this class because of his teaching methods. He makes you feel stupid if you ask questions, or go to his office. He picks on people.The only way I made it through this class was help from the tutor lab. AVOID HI
he confuses you, you are better off learning it by using the book. avoid this prof
He at least trys to be a good professor, and his grading scale is quite easy (E.G. 70% = B-). But I really don't know what is going on in this class. The clarity and helpfulness of this class is at an absolute low.
he is really hard and rude, i failed his class but got an a with a diff prof, i dont think it was just me.His class was the worst i have ever taken at gvsu.
you ask him a question and he answers a different one. he talks about how easy it is andmakes you feel stupid for not understanding
Very rude to students, especially those with less understanding. Entertaining, but often at the expense of others. You might have luck if you're an attractive girl, but otherwise if you are not an exceptional student, you should consider avoiding him.
The worst class at gvsu thus far. Midterm Avg was 56%. explains things in class, but tests on material that was barely touched in class. have to admit though, he is funny. rags on people daily.
i have never been so frustrated. you ask for help, and he just tells you how easy it is, and that you need to read the worksheet again. i will NEVER take a course by him again
worst class ever
picks on quiet students, has favorites but most still fail
DONT TAKE HIM!!! YOU WILL FAIL!!!!!
Save yourself! Dont take him unless your really smart
He is not very well at explaining the work and he makes sta very complicated
Very hard to understand, Dont take class
very unclear and goes way too fast
Does not speak clearly. Assignments are confusing and are hard to complete.
Goes too fast, not a good teacher, singles out students
Horrible teacher.Tries to be funny,just annoying. Does not care about students.
impacient with students and does not teach concepts clearly
I don't understand him and he doesn't you when you go to his office
Don't take him, very harsh grader
Choose a different professor.
Expects everyone to have completely different answers on papers. Also be ready to talk and become his class pet or he will instantly look down on you and often be disrespectful. I missed a class once and he didn't send out an email on the changes he made on an assignment during class, so I emailed him for clarification and he responded harshly.
I would not recommend this Prof to anyone. If possible, take someone else. His grading is near impossible, and he does not seem to understand how to talk to students. This is my major, and I have never had such a horrible history Prof in all seven years of my college experience.
way too many pop quizzes and the reading is awful
Steve knows his stuff but looks too far into the readings. Books were way too hard to comprehend and were pointless. One of the worst classes I've had at Grand Valley.
Though Professor Tripp really made class interesting, his grading and his assignments practically made me want to pull my hair out. This was a History Elective for me and I'm not even sure if i'll pass with a decent grade - as an all A and B student it really hurts me to be so negative about a professor but his class was not worth the mental stress
This class was extremely boring. Tripp has a very monotone voice. He cracks jokes that got annoying. His notes and ideas on the board are very scattered. He also wrote harsh comments on essays. Class is comprised of 2 essays and many 10 point quizzes on readings, so do the reading. I wouldn't recommend him to anyone.
He was not clear on what he was looking for and did not teach us anything about writting yet expected paper written exactly to his taste. Terrible professor...avoid if possible!
Professor Tripp is a nice guy, but is very unclear on what he is looking for. He is ALWAYS late with appointments and if you schedule one and another student is in his office he will completely ignore you are in the hall. Very hard grader on papers, almost to the point that makes you never want to write again. Does allow rewrites but grades harder
If you don't share the big DOCTORS opinion..aka Tripps you're wrong! Well at least as far as you grade goes. He's a liberal and any conservative who writes a paper without catering to him is wrong and ur grade will reflect
Arrogant for one. Won't take 300 cuz he teaches it!
He is very arrogant. Just because he wrote a book, he thinks that he is the bes
Loved him, such an enthusiastic professor who truly loves his craft. I am filled with joy after knowing that I have been given the opportunity to make significant contributions to my community after taking this course with Dr. Chester. Do everything within your power to take this course with him as it will literally change your life. LiveLaughLove!
His handwriting is completely illegible, and yet he insists on writing everything.
First and last class I have had with chester. I thought this class may be a little bit better considering it was AI in Games, something that I thought would've at least been made interesting when going to class. Bottomline Chester has probably exceeded the prime of his teaching and should probably just stick to being an admin in the department.
Horrible. Boring in class, and heunnecessarily abstracts easy concepts until he confuses himself (and every student) and then he forgets what he was saying in the first place. Homeworks are ridiculous and he does not coordinate with his TA at all. Around a 40% overall was a C, and not much higher is a B.
Hard Course. He shouldn't teach this course. Can't understand what he says. Should never ever use blackboard. Handwriting Sucks
Dan Chester was such an awful teacher that when I realized there were professors rated lower than him, I was forced to rate him to undo this gross injustice. His lectures were boring and worthless, and even he couldn't understand what he was trying to do half the time. Avoid if at all possible, if it is not possible, good luck.
The man is the worst professor I have ever had. Mumbles as he proceeds to read off of slides of code which don't really make any sense to anyone. Useless if you ask him a question, he will just talk about something else. Tests are impossible...class average is around a 60. Don't take a class with him EVER.
Quite possibly the worst excuse for a teacher I've ever had the (dis)pleasure of being charged with. To say he can't teach is an understatement. I'm also not completely sure that HE understands the material we're supposed to be learning. Mumbles a lot and reads directly from slides that were - no doubt - downloaded right from the web. Stay away!
Should spend less time exploring the universe and more time learning how to frickin teach
This guy can't teach. Period. I'm a comp sci major and had all A's in my comp sci classes until this one. He mumbles off slides and you can't hear what he's saying. His tests and projects don't reflect the material. Don't waste your time attending class. It's so boring. Just stay home and read the book.
I am amazed they let this guy "teach". By far the worst class and professor I have had. "Useless" and "incomprehensible" are fitting descriptions. Half-assed recitations of half-assed slides from a half-assed textbook make for a piss-poor class. Staggering...
If you have 40 hours of free time and go to www.db-book.com (which contains slides created by the book authors) you can definitely learn the material better than when he teaches it. The only reason to take him is if you need it for a co-req for CISC474 and there is absolutely no other choice. Bottom line: avoid not for difficulty, but for sanity.
Terrible professor, mumbles constantly, reads directly from slides and does not stop to ask if there are any questions. He just assumes that everyone knows exactly what he's talking about. I cannot believe that the univeristy is still allowing him to teach. Don't go to class it'll just be a waste of your time.
Worst professor ever, reads verbatim from the textbook slides. His project wanted you to do one thing but he had his TA grade to a totally different set of guidelines. Out of a class of 40 students (undergrads + grads) usually only a dozen or so would show up for class and if that only half of them would stay the whole class.
This is the worst class I have ever taken in college. Not because of the material, although it is quite dry, but because Prof. Chester is the worst teacher I have ever seen. He mumbles, he makes mistakes lecturing constantly, he studders, he doesnt make any sense. Dont go to class, just read the text and you can make it in the class...
Smart guy, but an awful teacher. His project for databases this semester was absurd and pointless. It's dry material to begin with and he sure does suck at "teaching" it. Reads the slides verbatim, mumbles a lot, sometimes accidently spits on himself while talking. I feel bad because he's a nice guy but avoid him like the plague for any class.
Worst teacher ever! Seriously! You have to teach yourself the material as his teaching will actually confuse you even more! Class is worthless, the guy shouldn't be allowed to teach, how does UD still let him?! AVOID AT ALL COSTS! .. no seriously avoid this guy, I'm not joking.
Interesting course but strange professor. Always mentioning his bowel movements when teaching the lecture. Easy A though, just read the book and don't listen to him talk about his bathroom adventures.
He's not a great teacher but man is he hot. Very masculine and sexy.
Do not take him for any class, expecially 280. You will become depressed and get bad grades that semester. Take Harvey for 280 he is soooo much better.
Dr. Chester is the worst prof I have ever had. I can't believe that they allow him to teacher courses. I seriously had to teach myself everything becuase he is THAT bad. The class is not that difficult though. Very boring material. Mostly conceptual bs work as apposed to programming.
his final was not even recognizable. the man's handwriting is awful. he talks to the board mostly, just try your best. i came away with a C. he tries kinda.... but course sucked! just not a great teacher, but you can tell he knows his stuff.
I got this guy for database systems this fall. Is he really this bad of a prof? Why the hell does UD allow people like this to teach?????
Run Forrest, Run!
What can i say he took pages out of the book and copied them onto powerpoint. Veyr hard to learn from. Howver in the end i don't have to retake the class. Aviod if possible.
HORRIBLE, this man doesnt belong in a classroom... He does not speak well, he does not explain well, all he does is write his notes (from the book) on the board. DO NOT GO TO CLASS, do the homework, if your smart you'll pass the tests. (ps. I swear he wore the same pants every single day)
He doesnt explain jack crap and his tests are hard, never take his class if you can help it.
He seems like a nice guy, he just can't teach. This is definitely a teach yourself class.
Do homework, and attempt to teach yourself. You will be better off. Small curve to class.
The first test is easy, but after that it gets really hard. There is no point to class because he just reads from his website so if you don't get it from reading the slides, you are screwed. I have a test tomorrow I hope there is a sick curve
Horribly dull,repeative,unclear,stuttered lectures. However, reasonably friendly
There arent words to describe him
He is unclear and does not help you to understand anything.... VERY BOARING TOO!
Confusing, difficult, not worth it. Avoid at all costs!
Gave handout. Shut off lights. Went through handout word-for-word... nap time!
she is not a good professor
Seems helpful, but isn't..made me cry because I didn't understand
horrible stay away, goes way too fast.. complete wacko just like the mother in requiem for a dream, scary!
Very poor communicator, does not care about students, refuses to use email
Taught more about whats wrong with her life than math. Gives hw to do before discussing the topics. Get an outline before unfair & hard tests that don't resemble outline. Destroys your proofs and never returns them after promising for over a month, yet continues to have you turn in another one?? Excuse after excuse, very maddening and unhelpful.
Discreet math is abstract and she keeps it abstract, you and I mean you have to relate the material you are trying to learn to new things all the time, I don't recommend her, my first C ever. You feel like your on island. It's a sink or swim mentality with no scaffolding whatsoever. She is teaching 210 in January, beware.
DO NOT TAKE DEB SIMON. I have never had such an uncaring professor. Attendance is mandatory. She lectures all class but you still have to spend hours out of class learning material. Her exams are purposely written to trick you. She clearly does not care about student success, not to mention there is very few extra credit opportunities given.
do not take!!! she seems like a caring lady but she uses very long and confusing words to try to describe things, without actually teaching the info. it seems like she is tricking you on the exams, you use all your brain power to try to just understand what she is asking. dont take unless all you want is to stress about her class 24/7
The lecture notes RARELY covered what was on the exams. I had to retake an exam in essay format, and she awarded me 7 points out of 32. My significant other is a Biology instructor for High School AP Biology, and he is shocked by how misleading her content and grading scale were being presented throughout the semester. She sets you up to fail
By far the most difficult professor I've had. She purposely tricks you on exams and is very condescending during lectures. The sole reason I passed with an A was because I spent hours learning it in my own time. The lectures I could handle, but again, the exams were intended to fail you and I'm not exaggerating
You need to learn the content on your own, due to lectures not being informational. When taking exams, they are worded hard, and random content not learned can be thrown at you. A kid asked her a question once and she responded to look it up on youtube because she didn't know the answer. All around one of my worst experiences with a professor.
Lecture attendance is mandatory, and the entire lecture will be spent taking notes. All exams are in person and extremely detail oriented. You will have to spend a significant amount of time outside of class teaching yourself the material if you want to do well on the exams. She does not answer questions effectively, and does not give extra credit.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. Terrible professor! I have all A's in my classes but was holding onto my B by a thread and was constantly stressed about her exams. Just reads off her PowerPoint and does not offer help. Hank Green taught me more about biology than anything she lectured on the entire semester. Change professors before it's too late!!!
DO NOT TAKE BIO120 WITH HER!!! This class has been one of the hardest classes I have ever taken. You take notes the whole time that do not relate to her exams. The exams are super hard and confusing. You will spend hours trying to teach yourself the material because she flies through slides. If you have her, I would recommend getting a tutor!!
do not take
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. I think she doesn't realize that we are mostly freshmen, not PhD students. Her class is too hard and confusing without reason. She has notes she writes on a white board, and I honestly dont think she reviews them; she absolutely just pulls them out of her head on the spot. She literally rephrases the same thing repeatedly
Comprehensive Guide to taking Debs class: Dont
Do not take this professor! She was awful. Her lectures were so fast I couldnt even focus on what I was writing as I wrote it. No one had time to ask questions and her lectures were so crammed with info, nothing stuck. Her style of teaching is making you write down notes verbatim from what she writes on a whiteboard
AVOID AT ALL COSTS, SPREAD THE WORD TO AVOID HER. Worst Professor Ive ever had. Participation grade is based on your ability to answer an impossibly hard question, showed up to every single class but got an attendance grade of a 60%. When the whole class failed a midterm, she blamed it on us and said it was our fault we didn't study hard enough
If you have her, switch IMMEDIATELY! We wrote 3-4 pages of notes in 50 minute sessions , that she doesnt even clarify. She threatened to fail me due to my sickness conducted with missing class. The book was over $100 and all we use for it is assignments. The test and quizzes are timed & doesnt add up to the notes. She treats us like were senior.
never taking her class again she is not understanding at all and her exams are based on only her lectures. waste of money for the textbook.
This is by far one of the worst professors Ive ever had. Her notes are basically useless and really hard to follow, you have to go every day because she has these in class questions that are hard asf and they are 20% of your grade at the end of the year. My grade was brought down an entire letter grade purely because of them. DO NOT TAKE DEB
If you are enrolled in her BIO 120 lecture, GET OUT. She puts out lectures and seems to be reading from a book (she often messes up and has to go back) and just reads off slides with very confusing diagrams. Not tech-savvy and the material on her exams were not covered in the class. Assignments are ridiculously hard and I had to get a tutor to pass
I had Deb apart of an asynchronous class. I cannot speak of her in person but as for online I definitely would switch out ASAP. She isnt very good with technology, its rather difficult to reach her, expect you to memorize your entire biology book so good luck, her online lectures are awful and dont provide half of the material covered on exams.
I can not stress enough not to take debs class. I struggled so much in it. I tried getting a tutor and studying different way with my friends and did nothing but struggle. Worst bio teacher ever for a 100 level class. Very Lecture Heavy!
If you want to enjoy your course, don't take her. She sucks the joy out of learning and is honestly the worst professor I've ever had. Lectures contain a lot of information and she won't slow down enough for anyone to take the quality of notes she requires. Exams are very hard and comprise almost 100% of your grade. Avoid at all costs!!
Worst ever. She would look over my work, tell me it looked good and then would give me a 2/10. When asked for help, she wouldn't tell me what I did wrong and would just tell me that I could make points up later. I loved bio and got A's in it before her class. I ended up changing my major. WORST EVER
Worst professor and grader ever. I barely passed the class and I attribute to her only. When I asked for help she merely told me I could make up points later without telling me what I did wrong. Gives reviews that don't help. Lectures are pointless and barely knows what she's doing. GET OUT
Her classes are super lecture heavy. She gives several pages of notes each class, but they dont really make much sense, so basically you need to teach yourself everything outside of class.
She makes it clear that students need to spend lots of time outside of class teaching themselves. I believe she is quite lazy when it comes to clearing up material unless you go into office hours. I spent lots of hours in the library and ended up getting an A but it was not easy. BIO 120 is a hard class and she will make you work for it.
Dr. Simon absolutely flew through all of the lectures and it was difficult to understand the material. Wording on tests makes it impossible to pass no matter how much you study. Would not recommend.
The only thing we did in class was take notes that were difficult to understand in class. I did most all of the learning on my own and would highly recommend getting a tutor. She is better than some professors who instruct bio, just was not easy to learn the specific material she gave to us.
Simon was awful. If you must take Simon's class be prepared to teach yourself the material. Teaching just isn't her thing so hopefully it is yours. Simon stands in front of the class and simply reads her notes out loud, writing unintelligible shorthand on a white board. She reads her notes using the same inflections disregarding sentence content
Professor Simon is not understanding at all, and it very negative when it comes to her students and their overall learning experience at Grand Valley. DO NOT even try to talk to her about anything because it is her way or the high way.
Ugh.. I thought this class would be easy but am going to be lucky to get a B-.... She gives you so much material it is hard to study. She does not give study guides and the tests are almost impossible. Yes she gives you work sheets which help, but she grades them super tough. Would never ever recommend this teacher.
tests are extremely difficult
10/10 would NOT recommend. Nice lady, but never explains things completely. Super hard grader and not sympathetic with being flexible. Even after going into office hours and asking if I did a paper correctly I got a 0 out of 6 on two segments of a paper. Taking a lab with this woman is setting yourself up to fail.
Don't take her. Lectures are boring and tests are difficult. She knows the material but doesn't know how to teach.
One of the hardest professors I have encountered, she moves through lectures way too fast and does not stop for questions.
Had Simon for lecture last year (Bio120) and lab this year (Bio215). I would not in any chance recommend her. She is unclear, and not one student in my lab liked her. Everyone that tried extremely hard on her absurd papers got terrible grades with no explanation. I went to her office hours and she made me feel like I was wasting her time. So rude.
She never connects a single idea that she is talking about. So everything that she says is a bunch of not interconnected things that don't make any sense. And if you ask her a question, often her response will be, "I don't know, go ask your chem. professor."
Very boring class. Goes over entire power point that you already went over. Get smart lab partners because worksheets are hard and quizzes are hard. Also for lab report go to her for help.
Class was VERY confusing, I had to seek help on every topic outside of lecture. Not clear on any notes and not fair at grading assignments. No late work, but changes due dates at different times randomly. I would suggest taking a different professor if trying to pass this class.
do whatever you can to avoid this professor. she is an extremely strict grader and all of her multiple choice tests have choices A-G. Her teaching style makes you zone out almost instantly. I once got a zero on three assignments for not stapling them. Change now
She seems like a nice lady, but her teachig style is horrible. She basically reads the text book out loud for lectures and expects you to write down every word she says. Switch teachers now.
She is a horrible prof whatever you do do drop this class, at first i didn't think she would be so bad but she is horrible , she expects you to write everything she says and everything she talks about in class isn't part of the material covered by the exams
Do not take this class if you can help it. Prof is ridiculously hard grader and not very helpfull at all! Tons and tons of notes but she talks so fast you can hardly keep up let alone learn anything. Steer clear of this prof.
don't do it. whatever you do, do not take this professor.
WORST TEACHER EVER!! test are ridiculous and her style of teaching is even worse. She expects you to write down everything she is saying because any of it could be on the test. Everything she says was straight out of the book. I barely passed this class even though my knowledge of the material was much more that my grade shows.
terrible. every lecture was ridiculously boring. class wasnt mandatory, but would be very difficult to pass without attending every class. She quite often doesn't seem to know what she's talking about and will take 10 minutes looking through notes to answer questions. her lectures are read word for word from her notes. don't take her, straight up.
Straight A students do awful in her class. She is impossible to learn anything from. Her exams are confusing. She creates the feeling that you need to note every word she says which ends up being so much information it's impossible to absorb any of it let alone study and remember. People are switching majors because of HER, never hated a prof more
Avoid at all costs! This lab is stupid easy so she docks you points for irrelevant and insignificant things. She always seems to have a chip on her shoulder and assumes we are all idiots that are about to mess everything up. She runs her lab like a day care center. Prepare to feel like a little kid again with deb.
I had her for my lab, and it was like having another lecture. She talked the entire time and made the labs much longer than they needed to be. The pre-lab questions were dumb, we already knew what was going to happen because of those questions so there was no need to even do the experiment. The lab reports are ridiculous and she grades harshly.
this lab is a lot of work and simon makes it even more work, lap reports every week, long and tedious, hw and quizzes every week really hard. shes a really really tough grader and shes mean
Lab reports are expected to be written at a grad school level. Instructions on how to construct them are vague or non-existant. Field research is tedious and dull, just like her demeanor. Deb has an abrasive personality and is an overly-harsh grader. I can't say enough bad things about her (or this lab) in 350 words or less. Do not take her lab!
To sum it up, she sucks. She expects you to turn in your assignenments to her expectations...although she does not clearly explain what her expectations exactly are. She is strick and needs to explain what it takes to receive an A in her class. If she doesn't, everyone in her class will receive a B- or lower...
This lady is on a major power trip. You ask her about one thing...you do it exactly like she said to do it and she goes to town with a red pen on your work after you turn it in. She is extremely unclear with her directions and expectations. I honestly believe there is no way you can get through with a B or better.
She isn't straight forward, grading is horrible, labs are long and complicated, she doesn't help at all, seems like she hates her job, STAY AWAY!
the course work is not hard but grading is. cross your t's and dot your i's, and you better be a woman if you want a fair grade. otherwise you better kiss her but.
VERY confusing teacher-makes the material more difficult to understand than it really is. Tries purposely to word questions funny to confuse students. Picks the most confusing topics for quizzes. The highest final lab grade was and 87%, and I studied.
man...this lab sucks. won't help students...says everything is fair game
Sucks big time, says everything is fair game, wont answer questions
HORRIBLE! Don't get her sister either. Very hard lab courses compared to others!
Tests did not match up to lectures/study sheets. Tests & quizzes only points in class - no homework or things to turn in to bring up your grade. Should not be teaching a 100 level course!
I really wanted to appreciate Lori Horvitz as a teacher, but I was unable to. The unbelievable whitewashing and forced binary of a "Queer Art History" course was unbelievable, and her stubborness on supporting those with mental disabilities was appaling.
Honestly, would not recommend her as a faculty member. It was a once a week class, I had perfect attendance, and she would not give me any kind of absence for my grandfather's funeral. On the whole, scattered, not great with gender diverse students, very anxious. If you want a professor & class with structure or clear guidelines, this is not it.
The best thing I can say about Lori Horvitz is that she's reasonably nice, which sort of balances out the cripplingly low self-esteem and lack of humor. If you don't percieve yourself as a victim, don't take one of her writing classes.
Poetry sucked. She hated me, and made it known she hated me. In turn, I hated her.
Very biased in grading...plays favorites doesn't enforce guidelines against fav
Makes you go to class everyday for you to hear himself talking. Yes, after he gets into class 15 minutes late it's lights out 5 minutes later. Final is tough, midterms are easy. B extremely easy ot get A is attainable if you do well on the final. All DSC teachers are terrible so he's ok for DSC
He is hard to listen for a whole semester. He talks too soft and is monotone. There is not much work. 2 papers and 3 exams and discussion board each class day. His exams are hard because they are all based on what he says in class. There is too much to remember on exams. The first exam isn't bad but then the others are horrible. Take someone else.
What is that mellifluous noise? ...Why, the sound of my own voice! This is made doubly bad by the fact that he's so quiet that everyone else can't hear this enchanting sound. Worst English prof I've had at GV. Actually tells students "No, I don't think so" when they're trying to offer insight. People gave up speaking in my class after week two.
Loves to hear himself speak. Does not allow any room for interpretation. His way or the wrong way - even though oftentimes his way IS the wrong way. Tests are too easy, papers ok, but all this is only if you turn off your brain and write down everything he says in class. Will never take this prof again.
Terrible! Loves to hear himself talk, but so soft spoken you can't hear. Would never take him again.
also had him for Eng 320, hated both, NEVER returns emails, isn't into helping his students - too smart to be a prof...DROP HIS CLASSES - sooooooo boring and he whispers, hard to understand
Doesn't return emails, assigns WAY too much reading, over 500 pages in 1 week. You can barely hear him when he talks. Worst prof I have had at GVSU.
You can't hear a word he says! His class is sooooo boring!
He is soooo very quiet, it's hard to hear and all his tests rely heavily on notes taken in class. His materials are good, but he does not cover them well.
Ann Byars' personal life stories,comments on her past involvment with marijuana, and "happy hour" make her very unworthy of respect. She turns the philosophy of higher learning into a complete mockery of student's intelligence. Play favorites in
She is a terrible prof. Didnt care about class. Plays favorites. WASTE OF MY TIME. I dont know why she teaches, all she did was read out of the book and make us upper classmen complete POINTLESS assignments. did not learn ANYTHING
She talks too much about her personal life and her jokes are so not funny.
usless
hardest class of my life
Her class is impossible. I spent SO much time studying for the final..read over material inside and out & still failed it. She teaches a 100 level course as if she were teaching a 400 level course. we don't know everything about geog. and if we did we obviously wouldnt be taking your class!! Its like she wants you to fail
do NOT take. I read the book, came to class, took LOTS of notes, met with her during office hours about the paper(which was almost impossible to write)& about how to improve my grade and STILL got a D+ in her class. There are things on her tests that havent been taught and the way she words her questions are confusing. stay away AT ALL COSTS!!!
i think she hates her students. needs to find a new job. AVOID (even if required) drop outta school!
the coldest profes i've ever had, and the harshed grader.
likes to make u feel stupid
that lady sucks...the person who gave her a good rating is a retard! get a life
the person who rated this before me is a teachers pet
For an introductory course, this class is real friggin hard. ALL ESSAY EXAMS TOO
Why is she teaching? She needs to read these boards.
stay away from her classes, worst teacher ever. likes to watch you to suffer!!
terrible teacher and very mean; talks down to you; NO OFFICE HOURS or syllabus !
RUDE, unknowledgable, can't teach or be nice, who hired her anyways ?
she hates engineers. someone that discriminating should get it back!!!
i hate that lady
she tests like an unfair dictator
she thinks bio is the most important thing!
she is a tyrant. if i were a girl, i would slap her!
fire her. she is terrible as a teacher. she tests on material not taught!
Knows her stuff.Know your notes and you will be fine! Read ch summaries.
she gives out too many F's. no joke. harshly unfair grader
favors older students. favors memorization of her way over learning of concept.
The test were extremely difficult and questions were not encouraged
He curves half the tests which proves that the class learns nothing. If you want to learn something, do not take this class with this teacher. He reads directly off of the slides and doesn't explain any concepts. I resorted to google to teach MDLS.
This class makes me think what in the heck is the lib studies dpt doing. every class I have had in this dept had made me think at a third graders level. I have never been so bored with busy work in my life. I dread going to class and doing assignments because they are so stupid. Also, didnt read a singal assn and still passed.....
I did not care for the class. She sold students on the major the entire semester. This made me realize that Lib. Studies was not for me. Clearly, there is a complex and apprehension for the professor to feel the need to sell Liberal education. She does grade really easy but the class is alot of work. I didn't like her or her class
She's awful. The class, which COULD have been interesting, was just tedious. If you take her class, you'd better not have an opinion unless it is the same as her's. She does not know the meaning of the word opinion. She's the worst professor I've ever had at Grand Valley.
The worst prof I've ever had at GVSU. Only likes phil majors or WGS majors, otherwise you don't count. Doesn't respond to questions, is way too tough and her class was like an SWS even though it wasn't. Don't take her!!!!
Hard class lots of reading!!! She only likes the students who are lib or phil. majors. If you can take a different class. Other wise I hope you have a lot of spare time.
Unfair treatment of students is rampant and blatant. She should be embarrassed.
Doesn't like you unless you are a special student in her select group. Discriminates against students that are not part of this group. All students are not treated fairly.
This class was extremely hard. You need to show up to each and every class if you want to have even the slightest idea of whats going on. The only grades are 4 major quizzes (100 PTS each) and 2 Exams. The professor does not take into account the fact that some students dont understand the subject, millions of notes. Beware.
I can honestly say the grades from his class ruined my g.p.a. People in philosophy classes don't seem to mind him, but I would avoid him like the plague for anything in the Honors College.
He doesn't use Blackboard at all, rarely uses his emails (it's a struggle to get in contact at all), and his syllabus has next to no information that is needed, ESPECIALLY the Final Exam (a paper) and when it's due. He calls people out just on the way they dress, doesn't really give a crap about his class, and doesn't like showing up on time ever.
Just a warning, he doesn't use blackboard at all. Doesn't even bother to set it up. Definitely takes attendance, but is never on time for class. His lectures are very hard to follow as he goes on tangents quite often, so my advice if you take him is to keep all papers he passes out and just use sparknotes and you'll be fine!
Currently in this class and regret taking it. If you miss a day you have to write an "apology letter;" he gets really butt hurt. Doesn't use blackboard. When he "teaches" its just him going off on a tangent about a random subject not related to mythology. I am usually good in class but not this one. Do yourself a favor and take someone else.
He is a nice person for the most part however he can be really offensive. The class itself is extremely boring and I can truly say I learned virtually nothing from this class except for this mans point of view on the world. Does not care for anyone else's opinions except for his own and will cut you off mid sentence. Easy class not good prof
He is an interesting person, just not a great prof. He is very disorganized and takes forever getting papers back. He can also be incredibly offensive. Some of his stories are interesting, but he is often off topic and you spend the entire class period talking about it. I liked the material of this class but this prof wasn't the best.
This class was extremely dry. The professor assigned 3 papers in the entire semester and two of them were due the week of finals. Over the semester the class never received their first assignment back even though he always said he'd bring it "next time". I do not recommend taking this class if you want to learn about literature.
Nice person, terrible professor. He is awful at getting papers back to students - I have been waiting over three months to receive one two page paper. He does not stick to the topic, and hardly touched on much of English in the course. Take anyone else unless you want to feel excessive anxiety in regards to due dates.
He was always late, would go off on tangents for the whole class about random things. Took forever to get papers back to you. I learned nothing at all. I would recommend taking the class with another professor if possible.
Late to class every single day. Didn't give a syllabus until over half way through the semester. Grades more on style than content even after saying he "doesn't want a formal paper". Talks in circles and nothing ties back together. Confusing and only useful for doing homework for other classes. Nice guy, horrible teacher.
NOT RECOMMENDED if you want to learn about mythology. I took this class with no prior knowledge of mythology, and really didn't learn any of the stories, so when he decided to talk about random bits of stories I had no idea what he was talking about. Always late to class. and rarely talks about things that are relevant. mostly just life.
Never knew what was going on, two thumbs down.
This prof never handed us a syllabus... he doesn't use blackboard... I've handed in two papers all year. Tomorrow is the last regular school day, and I still haven't gotten one of my papers back. I wrote one paper before midterm and only received it back yesterday. The prof seems like a nice guy but the class is a joke
what a joke! didnt read a single book because we didn't really have to. watched movies all the time. tough grader on papers and basically slops on a grade. returns papers back VERY late. we got first paper back maybe 2 months after we turned it in. got 2nd paper back during finals week. goes on tangents about life and stuff unrelated to the topic.
He's a nice guy, but shouldn't be teaching. He says participation is part of your grade, but he talks so much that student discussion is impossible. He marked me absent for three weeks because he didn't know me! He grades you lower on papers if your opinion doesn't match his. Grades papers late so you don't get grade until report cards come out
The course material is quite dry, but his lectures are animated. Unfortunately, he is SO opinionated and convinced he is correct that he spends most of his time sounding like he's cutting you down. A nice and very knowledgable man, but his class is like his politics: skewed. Don't take him if you are actually interested in learning about the books.
A joke of a professor. Plus, you can barely understand a word he said.
If you want to have any guidance on your papers, DONT take this guy. If mythology is something you're familiar with and okay with, then take him. He's a nice guy, but terribly unfocused. He never talked about anything relevent in class, leaving you to pretty much be on your own to interpret the text
If you want to learn anything DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!! No quizzes or final exams. He is always late and we watched so many movies that had absolutely nothing to do with the reading material. I learned NOTHING!! What a waste of time. It took him 2 months to correct a 2-3 page paper. What a joke!!!!!
Take this professor if you want to learn absolutely nothing!! Never clear about paper topics. Shows boring movies every week. AND ALWAYS, ALWAYS SHOWS UP LATE TO CLASS!!
Take this professor if you want to learn absolutely nothing!! Never clear about paper topics. Shows boring movies every week. AND ALWAYS, ALWAYS SHOWS UP LATE TO CLASS!!
I wish he'd show more movies, just so we wouldn't have to hear HIM talk. Except, he constantly interupts the movies to say something more. I've learned NOTHING. Brain cells are dying during his class!
DRY! Couldn't understand the book, he didn't help clarify - and the movies?! AAUGH! Not clear on paper requirements.
If you want a real professor who is interested in educating--not the prof. He is the absolute WORST I have ever had. Disrespectful to students, rude and ALWAYS LATE! Jump off a clif before you sign up for him. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!! You've been warned.
BAD, BAD!!! THE worst prof I've ever had. He is LATE every day, disrespectful to the students, expects us to know things he hasn't taught, is SO BORING!!! Never gave us a syllabus, so never knew what was due until the class before. DO NOT TAKE!!!
snore, it will come it handy when you watche videos almost every class period. Easy A but super boring, only got one paper back, talked him out of making us write one paper, we are allowed to turn them in late and rewrite them also.
He takes MONTHS to give papers back, if ever!!! You won't learn anything!!
Be ready to be preached about religion, unclear on papers and lecture.
Nice guy, but if you want to get your papers back, then don't take him as a prof
Nice, focuses too much on religion ok comments,dont expect to get papers back!
expect to watch unrelevant videos, and get preached too.unclear on papers-boring
evil
Should be called Theology 101
He talked about God constantly. Great class if you liked to get preached to.
attending the lectures was completely useless, I learned more by watching youtube videos and documentaries about Russian history than I did in his class. He deosn't involve the class at all, just talks, and talks, and talks for an hour ad half straight about everything you just read.
His lectures were completely BORING, UNORGANIZED and RIDICULOUS! I didn't learn anything the entire course. Bean quizzes are bogus! Bad chance at grading, doesn't care about students....
Very much a waste of time! Great guy but a major scatterbrain, and there really is no point to go to class. You don't learn anything, and he has really bad handwriting. Also he jumps around alot from personal stories to actually history and you never know when exactly to take notes.
he's really weird! like eccentric to the extreme, sure he's easy but all you have for a grade are 3 papers and the final. his 5 point quizes are stupid and too detailed too. not a guy to take.
Very disorganized, unreliable teacher. I would never take a class with him again
This professor put zero grades in all semester and was very passive. Never answered emails. There is no makeups for anything and attendance is mandatory. She is not accommodating at all and she has clear favorites. Everything is handwritten and she does not use blackboard ever. I would not take this class or this professor again.
Everything is handwritten, including journal entries with strict word counts. Late work not accepted. Material actually isn't too bad. A conservative Catholic worldview is assumed to be the norm. She encourages participation, but leaves very little time for it. She made a 3rd Reich joke on the first day. AVOID taking this class if at all possible.
This was by far the hardest class I have taken here at GV. She absolutely sucked as a professor. Her reading each night was way above our abilities with all our other school work. She didn't care that you were in other classes. She always had quizzes and expected too much out of you. I definitely would switch or drop her class if you have her.
Toughest professor I have had and GVSU. She doesn't care about helping students succeed in her class and definitely has favorites. If you don't read and don't look into your readings (as far as finding themes, symbols, etc) theres no way you're going to pass the class.
She goes off topic a lot. Yes she's smart and filled with information but I did not get what I needed from this course which was a deeper understanding of British literature. She's very hard at grading and not in a good way that makes you want to do better next time. She likes to bring up her own achievements a lot which leads her off topic.
too much woman stuff - biased - neagative person - looks for problems - too many papers - boring classes she does not teach- do not take!
Do not take Blumreich-boring, boring, boring
Worst Prof EVER! Hates People, she's a very mean person
AWEFUL, AWEFUL, AWEFUL!!!!!!!!!!!
I visit her, she tells me how to fix it, I fix it, and she still flunks me
Sarcastic, rude and condescending. A nice class WITH A DIFFERENT TEACHER
Do not put yourself through torture - all she does is sprout 60's pseudo philosophy - little literature - I learned nothing - do not argue with her she knows it all. What an awful class!
Its a tough class with almost no room for a better grade. cant recommend
Dr. Cain is a sweet guy but his class is pretty tough. His lecture slides have very little notes and goes through the powerpoints very fast. You're whole grade is based on ONLY four exams so there is little wiggle space to raise your grade. Recommend reading the textbook for more clarification and know almost all of the figures presented in slides.
This has easily been the hardest class I've taken at UD, and it shouldn't have been. I found the course to be extremely difficult just because professor Cain makes it difficult. His office hours never helped, he jumps all over the place, and his tests are extremely hard. Reading the book didn't even help me that much. Would not recommend him.
Hard class. Hard topic. Doesn't help that this guy is soo bad at lectures. His powerpoints are extremely disorganized and full of annoying typos and errors. Total shame because he seems like a nice guy. I'm pretty sure the class had a 40something average on one of the exams. They're multiple choice but there is a lot of jargon. Study the text.
He's a nice guy but his teaching skills stink. This course shouldn't have been this difficult, he would test on things he didn't even go over in detail at all. Type everything he says because he will find a way to test you on it even if it seems random. Memorize his slides, know them verbatim! a 62 is a C in his class thats how bad it is.
so confusing it hurts. he literally would be talking about something and change topics mid sentence.. office hours - not helpful either. honestly to do well go to class and try to TYPE everything he says, memorize power points for sure, and use textbook to review pictures/ anything else you're not clear of. Such a hard class though..
Worst class i have ever taken in my life, do not take any of his classes he is a bad professor and his exams are hard never know what to expect on them material can sometimes be really hard and he just reads of powerpoint without explaining what he really wants us to know.
Definitely a poor choice to take this professor, you should avoid him. He is a bad teacher, takes things from the book out of order and makes powerpoints out of figures without labels, and doesn't explain them well. I never missed class and I still struggled to pass the exams, after studying for days. When i emailed him for help, he ignored me.
Absolutely horrible. DO NOT take this professor. He is so unclear and his slides come right from the book. Attendance is pointless because reading the book is the only way you can do well. However, other BISC207 professors aren't much better either.
Tough prof... he is a bad teacher. All his slides are exact copies from the book and his explanations are the same. would not recommend him. Exam ?s are unclear and very difficult. 4 multiple choice exams. Read and reread the book and class notes. memorize figures, although he does not tell you which! avoid him as much as possible!
terrible teacher lectures a mile a minute and doesnt care if you missed it. doesnt put the slides up until after class, but it doesnt matter because the slides are stupid...he just copy & pastes EVERY SINGLE picture from the text book then he talks about them in class. he has no organization and is not clear in his lectures whats so ever. good luck
okay so I did well in bio last semester and don't mind studying a bit but had to put in a lot of effort to do well in this class. To get 90s on tests you have to study hours and read the textbook to every detail but if you are willing to read and study really really hard you will do okay most people do get Cs (60- 80) hard to get an A
HORRIBLE CLASS. I got an A in biology last semester and im probably going to get a B- but i worked 3 times as hard. You learn nothing in lecture, dont even bother going. Even if you read the book, you still dont do well on the tests. Switch out while you can.
WORST TEACHER EVER!!!! His lectures are pointless, he just shows pointless graphs and figures and you can't gain anything from them. It is so hard to pass his class. There are so many better teachers. BOYCOTT CAIN!!!
Worst class ever.impossible to do well on exams bc he tests on insignificant/minor details. lecture is boring and pointless. you dont need to go because you end up having to read the entire book anyway. take a different professor!!!!!
when you think about taking his class, Stop... and think NO!
only shows pics from book, but u read book and tests are pulled outta thin air&#
lectures are from book, pwrpoint notes are copy from text, tests really tough
He can't teach at all, so dont bother.
He is a horrible teacher. Tests are nothing like lecture!!!
if you want to get a good grade in CHM 230 do NOT take this professor. His lectures are done entirely on the white board and he goes back and forth in his explanations of things, making it super hard to understand. He is also the only chem professor who gives fill in the blank EXAMS. had to retake
worst professor I have ever had. He teaches on a whiteboard and goes back and forth. His exams are all fill in blank. There's weekly homework but that is extremely hard too and gives you no feedback on what you did wrong. He is so knowledgable but doesn't know how to make things easy to understand. DO NOT TAKE. I had to retake the class
No powerpoints in class, contradictory teachings, tests dont match study guides, never explains things clearly.
Carlson was the worst professor I've ever had. He rambles about things in lecture that don't matter, and writes extremely difficult tests. He is very smart, but is very hard to learn from. He didn't seem to care about the students and how they were doing. If you don't have to take him, please dont!
Prof Carlson was very difficult. He rambled about random things in class that had nothing to do with the tests. Tests are all short answer, maybe one multiple choice question. Tests are extremely hard and his lectures are boring, confusing, unclear, and not helpful. However, if you ask for help he will help you. I do not recommend him.
This teacher, though he means well, is very difficult! I struggled a lot with the course, and am normally a great student. He means well, but struggles to communicate with his students, and his exams are VERY complicated. He started the class by saying "you learn more from failing test then getting A's" Soooo that pretty much sums it up!
Where to start...one of the worst professors in terms of teaching I have had at GV. Every other 461 section had beautiful skeleton notes, where he used hand written notes. With a class like biochem. this made it tough. He made fun of me in front of the class one time...not cool. That being said, I got an A with a moderate amount of effort.
Very dificult class. Office hours are not helpful. Exams are nearly impossible. Avoid if possible.
BY FAR the WORST PROFESSOR in the ENTIRE chem dept. Unfortunately he's the head! He is VERY UNCLEAR and when asked questions, he went around the bush and never answered. On exams, I studied hours and barely pulled off a C- He has group quizzes and 1 hmk assign. that were really easy and gave no indicator of how you were actually doing in the class.
Biochemistry in general sucks. Like everybody else I'd say he knows his stuff, but he doesn't know how to teach it...especially the metabolism section. Only one person out of over 100 kids got an A. The average test score was something like a 60%. You are going to have to study like no other for exams, and even then you might barely even pass it
not prepaired, talked in circles about nothing important
If you can switch get out now. The class is so boring, half our class slept during lecture. He does nothing to make it exciting exe. no experiments nothing. He is very nice but not interesting in the lease.
very confusing and unclear
Puts u to sleep and talks about unessesary things. Makes easy stuff hard
awful!!!!, puts u to sleep in minutes, impossible tests, get nikkel if possible!
Horrible prof, tests were impossible even with hours of study, Avoid him!!
tests are impossible. avg on my classof 150 final was 58%. good nap class
He is a nice guy but cant teach Chem
he is the worst teacher at gvsu, he makes little sense and is wierd, i hated him
doesn't teach well and class is hard
lect. are hard to follow, test are hard, hard as a lab teacher,
lectures hard to follow, not clear at all, gives stupid computer assignments
He is the worst Prof. in the world. I hated him
I feel i have wasted my time and money being in his class...he can't teach!
ATTENTION!! All insomniacs, this class is the perfect solution to your problem!!
Id rather sit through my own open heart surgery with no anasetic than his class
His class is awful. It's impossible to learn from this man. Run while you can!
can't stay awake. I am not the only one doing bad.
His voice is so monitone I fall asleep every time that I *actually show up*
Wow- it's not good when you have him trying to teach...
likes to keep you guessing, not willing to help
worst prof i had in my career at gvsu not helpful or interesting..
No one in the class knew what was going on!!!! Fire Him!!!
very nasal, noise after laughing is unbearable and awful teaching avoid him.
He sucks in when he laughs, too tough, anal retentive
Wasn't there during office hours must have dressed himself in the dark!
He can be quite anal sometimes, but if you talk to him he's not so bad!
Dear Lord, make me a bird, so I can fly, fly far away from this class!
IF YOU GET HIM AS YOUR PROF, RUN LIKE THE WIND!
Very VERY Boring. Avoid at all costs, barely pulled out a D+.
Worst and the most biring teacher i ever had!!
Burn this guy's degree.
very unfriendly, don't take him if you don't have to
Carlson always had a line outside of his office, very unhelpful.
If you don't have to take him, don't!!!
Lectures are boring he is monotone and doesn't know how to teach
Seems threatened by students and made me feel like I was wasting his time.
Take this class with someone who wants you to pass. Shouldn't be teaching.
Run away! This class is awful, and I've had to hate my way through it for my major. Lectures are vague; tests mostly pertain to the readings provided. You will have a project with multiple parts, will not explain what anything means (so just google "stratigraphy"), and she will take points off without being specific as to what you've done wrong.
I am 11 credits away from graduating. I am a "mature" student and am not afraid of putting in the work. After 2/3 of a semester I still had no idea what she wanted, how she graded and worst of all I learned more about archaeology in "Raiders of the Lost Ark" I dropped the class over frustration. She has been the WORST professor I have ever taken.
Took this class to fill credits. Makes the class all about politics, when that isn't the basis of the entire course. Super strict grader, would not take another class with again,
Expect to not get higher than a B. She has too many high expectations and will grade you off of her own vague rubric. I went to her several times and she did not give me any advice on how to succeed and make changes. No matter what, this class will make you anxious and make you feel insane.
Her lectures are literally slide shows of pictures with no context, she expects you to read lengthy articles that have not assign and then has tests on them.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. she has her own agenda and makes up words and concepts as she goes.
I really did not like this class. It fulfilled a breadth requirement but was worse than all my other classes.
I have taken college level Anthropology courses before and loved them, but this class was horrible. Dr. De Cunzo is very vague in what she wants from your assignments. She will not discuss the reasoning behind your grades. And she is also the department chair so you can't really do anything about it. I highly recommend you do not take this class.
Terrible class. Terrible teacher. I've never felt so behind or confused in a class. Projects and papers are nearly impossible- everything assigned is so vague. Do not take this class, please.
Dreadful class. Reading the books for this class is a must! I didn't and it screwed me over because trying to study for the tests is impossible without them. She stalls half the time in class and is terrible at telling you what the assignments are about . Avoid her at all costs!
Took this as a breadth requirement, wish I didn't. Got a C+ with a lot of effort towards the class. Unrealistic expectations and rambles on about nothing the whole class that helps you with absolutely nothing on the tests. She's super artsy and weird don't take this class.
Do not take this class. She was so bad. My first C I have ever gotten in my whole life and I have never put so much time into a class. All of the tests are completely written (you rack up about six pages per test) and only have a limited time. Your hand will want to fall off after each test. Hardest, pointless, and boring class one could take
SO hard. Everything she says is so general and literally about nothing. Impossible to study for exams (which are all essays) because they could be about anything. Don't take this class if you want an A or B.
I have taken many 400 level classes in my time at UD but I believe this may have been the hardest class I have ever taken and IT IS ONLY A 100 LEVEL CLASS! Her test are nearly impossible and my only hope is that she curves, if not the countless hours I put into this class has been wasted.
She is so bad, she is really bad. fo' real. cryptic and incomprehensible. impossible exams. please don't take this course. keep in mind, i'm an anthro. major. i love anthropology. however, if you don't speak in class, she'll reward you by passive-aggressively ending class 45 minutes early!
I never actually "rate professors" but for this one, I felt it necessary. This woman thinks that she is teaching a graduate level course. I've been to every class & spent countless hours reading & studying &I still may fail. My 3.8 GPA is lost forever because of this class. Test are impossible & going to her office is hours is useless! AVOID!
Awful. Work as hard as you want but if you don't conceptualize a completely arbitrary subject exactly like she does...your gpa will suffer! Expect 400-level course load if you fail to heed this warning: DO NOT TAKE!
The absolute WORST anthropology teacher ever. Vague and cryptic answers to questions. Tough grader and does not test anything she teaches. Avoid like the plague!!!
This class was awful! De Cunzo is an archaeologist, not a teacher. All she talks about is Archaeological theory. We had 3 tests and a semester project. The projects were all impossibly hard and only aided her in her own research. Do not take this class! Worst Teacher ever.
This class was ridiculously difficult- a 100 level treated as if it were a 400 level. Tests are impossibly long, you have to write the entire time (there is no time to think before you write), and if you have an alternative perspective, you will probably be penalized (opinion based questions with no room for interpretation.)
Treats a 100 level class like a 400 level class. Unclear about what she is going to test you on. She is very nice though.
Most confusing and unorganized class I ever took. Nothing was clarified, and I never knew what she wanted out of our assignments Never gave good assignment directions and was extremely nit-picky about grading. She's a really nice person, but I just don't care for her teaching methods.
I die a little bit every time I walk into her class
She is a very hard grader and doesn’t give clear instructions. She tries to do too much in one class. She wants you to do her research for her. The easy test questions are loaded opinion questions, but if you don’t see things her way, then your grade will show it. She plays favorites. This is a bad class to take.
Don't take her! Its that simple. Not very clear when teaching material and a VERY unfair grader. She expects you to know every single idea covered in class. Theres an accumlative final less than a week after the 3rd exam
just don't take this class!!!!!!!!
Absolutly the worst class and professor I have ever had at UD. 6 five page papers, 4 essay exams, and the final was 4 essays.. took all two hours. High expectations and a tough grader. STAY WAY FROM DE CUNZO!!!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!
Absolutly the worst class and professor I have ever had at UD. 6 five page papers, 4 essay exams, and the final was 4 essays.. took all two hours. High expectations and a tough grader. STAY WAY FROM DE CUNZO!!!!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!
Classes are very confusing and make no point at all. Heavy workload for such a boring class. Six 5 page papers, 4 essay exams, and horrible 1800's cooking project..bring your food to class day. If you want a class that has no point and is tons of work, take it.
Worst class I ever had!!!!! Stop removing my review.. this prof sucks and everyone needs to know!!! Tons of work and horrible grading. Classes are great to sleep to.
One of the worst classes I have ever had! Stay away!!! Classes are boring, disorganized, and POINTLESS! The entire class is pointless. Tons of work!!! Six 5 page papers and 3 tests. BEWARE!!!!!!!
i despised this class and this women. 8 research papers in which you get penalized greatly in it is not up to her unattainable standards. VERY tough grader... class sucks
Worst teacher I have ever taken at the U of D next to John Brockman!!!!!!!!!
Teacher was very unclear about course requirements. Expects twice as much work as seminar, but has no seminar basis. Very unorganized and extremely boring because of this fact. Recomendation, take something else to give you these credits!
Rambling lectures and supplemental materials have nothing to do with exams. Unfair and unclear when grading.
PLEASE!!! I beg u not 2 take this class...boring and hard i slept through it
unorganized rambling lectures of no use. Unfair grader of essays. AVOID if poss
Worthless class; exams have nothing to do with the lectures; DO NOT TAKE!
sorry excuse for a professor
nothing she teaches ever shows up on the tests...extrememly boring!!
what a worthless class, i am dumber for taking this class
Horrible teacher...doesn't test what she teaches
This class is definitely worthless, and she was the worst teacher I've ever had.
Cannot stand her. She uses the class like a personal soap box and has superiority complex over other professors, though she rarely covers the text she assigns when she assigns it. She's lenient about deadlines, but more out of necessity than kindness. Misses class. Brings personal affairs to the classroom. Has personal vendettas against students.
Worst professor at UD! She does not want to help the students and gives TA's too much power.
Horrible!!! Not reasonable at all! Rude!
This woman is nice but not a good teacher. She doesn't care about your point of view unless she agrees with it. You will only get good grades if you write in the style that she wants. She thinks that she is very funny but in reality she is so bland and boring that most kids never say a word in her class. Only the ones who give her a chile.
She picks out a few students that she does not like and grades based on it. She was the first teacher in my 3 years here to tell me to go to the writing center for help. She's an undercover witch.
She is an embarrassment to Rhodes College. She may be an inteligent women, but doesn't not use that intelligence to further the education of the students. The barking and growling are distracting. I would never want alums or prostuds to see this clas.
The only class where violence from the teacher means she likes you. I think the class is so difficult it isn't even helpful. She needs a KITA (but would that only be forward movement, or real motivation) I would be terrified if she was my belly dancing teacher
Boring professor that can even become vulgar at times. Add in that she's a tough grader, and she's one to avoid...
Does not explain material well, or explains material that you don't need to know in that class. if you don't know your chemisty, do no take krumpe
This is possibly the worst instructor I have ever had. He is helpful IF you can stand in the long line at his office, but NEVER in lecture where he SHOULD be. He is simply unapproachable unless you're already one of his buddies. He is intimidating and arrogant. Not the way to handle a course that many people dread! Could have been a great class.
Do not take any class he teaches! He is the worst, most boring teacher in existence. His classes serve no purpose, you are graded on his opinion of you as a person.
He is the worst teacher ever. He scares you into thinking you'll fail, and then he gives you a passing grade. He's a male chauvinist **** and makes inappropriate comments all the time. I don't know how he keeps his job. Avoid him.
I cannot put into words how much this guy does not deserve his job. Just trust me...if at all possible, get a different teacher or withhold taking this class for the time.
no grading criteria; feedback did not correspond with grade; picky
grades us like we are PHD students when we are undergrad. we go of all the points she wants us to do and still gives you a bad grade. she grades based off her opinion not if you are actually doing it right is what i have noticed. she has graded by favoring others is what students have noticed.
Only cares about having her way. A student was marked down for their clothing and using pictures for their presentation. She is petty and semantic grader. Exams aren't bad but the group work is graded harshly. Said on the first day that she "doesn't care" if a member of your group does nothing, they get the same grade. Her bad reviews are deserved.
Professor is condescending, rude, and not helpful at all. Grade is based on 3 groups projects, midterm, and final. She grades hard and has no interest in her students succeeding. I put so much time into my group projects and followed her instructions exactly just to receive a bad grade from her. I learned absolutely nothing. Don't take protessor.
Do NOT take Dr. Newton!! Class is only made up of 3 assignments, 2 exams. Which she will fail you even if you have the most perfect paper. She is not understanding and will not listen to what you have to say. She degrades nursing students and makes them feel bad about themselves. She is the worst professor I have ever had, nothing positive to say.
Was amazed how an "intro to professional nursing" professor was so unprofessional towards her students. There were multiple instances where she was very rude in class. The only thing that she grades that isn't group work were the midterm and final exam. Everything else in the class is group projects that she grades very harshly.
DONT TAKE HER!! she was so rude!! The class was graded on a midterm, group presentation, group essay, and final. You need to do good on the exams in order to pass the class because she destroys your essay and presentation. Her exams weren't bad as long as you went to class and studied. Also if she gives the opportunity for extra credit DO IT.
Dr. Newton was a terribly hard person to understand what she wanted from the group projects. The exams were a hit or miss on the information she was wanting you to study. You have to know the littlest details of things on the lectures. The group projects are very harsh and majority of your grade. For exams, good luck.
It is no secret that Dr. Newton is knowledgable in research, however her expectations are through the roof. I followed the instructions for the essay perfectly and still managed to get multiple points taken off for the silliest reasons. I don't recommend taking her if you have the choice.
Don't expect her to stick around after class if you have questions. Sends rude emails and answers questions in a sarcastic manner. Quizzes are confusing. Instructions for paper are clear but is a very tough grader. This class shouldn't be a nursing requirement. The SON needs to take course evaluations/feedback and concerns seriously.
Dr. Newton's expectations are clear, but my issue is with her teaching ability & harshness with grading. Even following the corrections she made on my rough draft, I almost failed (3.8 gpa). The amount of information she expects in the paper is unrealistic, since the maximum length is 8 pages including the title & reference pages. Do not recommend.
Dr. Newton is very knowledgeable about research, but isn't great at teaching. She isn't able to simplify the material if you have trouble understanding it, and is an overly critical grader. I utilized the feedback she provided on my rough draft, and she found more wrong with my final draft. I've always been a very strong writer but barely passed.
Very confusing and unclear about directions for the final paper. Wants you to be detailed but won't read your paper if it goes over the page limit. She messed up on the grading on one of my assignments and said I could meet with her but she would not change my grade. This class is a waste of time for the nursing program.
Sarah Newton is hands down the WORST professor ever. She is a very harsh grader and she sends degrading emails to her students. She makes you purchase a bunch of textbooks and tests you on ridiculous things. I am normally a straight A student and I almost failed this class because of her. STAY CLEAR of Sarah Newton. Trust me.
You are basically on your own in this class. Not helpful whatsoever! Nitpicks the smallest details. I would stay away from this professor!!! Graded on a group project, group paper, midterm exam, & final. VERY tough grader!
Run, like actually run. Terribly hard grader, tells you what to say and then fails you for saying it. Get ready to get a bunch of ????? on your projects instead of helpful commentary.
Unapproachable and unfriendly. This professor should not be teaching. It seems that she loves taking points off of papers and assignments. She will admonish you for asking a simple question. Avoid her.
Dont know why this lady is teaching. Grades very harshly. Ruins your grade even when nothing was wrong with your assignments (paper worth a B a D- to her). Nitpicks at tiny tiny things to make you fail. Extra credit only if you buy it on ATI and its only 1 point. Stay away. She is bitter, cold, & entitled. Rude & will not help you at all.
Please do yourself a favor and stay away from her. She will ruin your grade for one research paper even if you had a good grade, she will drop your grade based on how she wants to grade the paper even if you follow her directions "explicitly", she will still mark you down. Do not recommend her to anyone.
Newton took this class and made it way harder than it needed to be. There were tricky unfair pop quizzes, two exams, an insanely long group paper which she graded unbelievably hard and then a group presentation. At first the class seems easy because there aren't many assignments but second half of the semester was insane.
Don't miss even one day! because you miss one of the pop quizzes and your grades is screwed. Nothing is weighted and the class is just your points added up and divided by 100. The class itself isn't that hard and Exams aren't bad. However, she grades the EBP beyond harshly. Good luck.
She is the worst professor in the school of nursing. If it's possible, try to avoid her class. She gives examples and still gives low grade if you follow them. Everything is worst 20%
YOU MUST DO WELL ON THE EXAMS! She will rip you apart on the Care Plan and the EBP but she is lenient on the group presentation. Grade is comprised of 2 exams 20% each 1 Evidence Based paper 20% 1 Nursing Care Plan 20% and 1 Group Presentiation 20%. Average grade to expect on EBP and careplan is a 50%. I'm not kidding.
Dr Newton comes across as rude and condescending towards students. She refuses to answer questions, so you basically have to figure everything out on your own. What makes it more difficult is the fact that the "grading rubric" for assignments is vague and ambiguous. She is an incredibly difficult grader, especially on care plans and EBP papers.
Horrible
Professor starts her class off on the wrong foot in sending everyone an email as to how to address her, Dr. Newton only. She seems pretty content in failing students. Tells you what you write in papers and then marks you off for putting what she said. Blocked students from communicating with each other via email. Cannot please her. Good luck!!
For a professor teaching the basis of research in nursing, she does little to actually teach the basics. Her style of teaching is to tell you to read a text. She does no actual teaching. If taking her online, like I did, she will ask for a draft of papers. It will take her weeks to return this. It will be returned with chicken scratches in red ink.
She really seems to enjoy belittling students, it's puzzling. I sat in the front of class and would watch classmates go up and talk to her, and she would always get this cruel smirk on her face while pointing out (not subtly) how dumb she thought they were. Grading rubric is very vague but she comes down like a sledgehammer. Avoid her if you can!
I knew her reputation before taking the class, but all nursing courses are assigned so I had no choice. I figured if I worked hard it would be fine. This is the first class I've ever taken (in my life, and I have prior degrees) that I am just barely passing. She is really inconsistent with how she grades and very rude to students, shocking so.
Run, don't walk, run from this one. Completely worthless as far as teaching. She's non-participatory in the class. Grading is arbitrary, no rubric, conflicting instructions, vague expectations...just incredible. And worst of all, won't teach you anything, even if you are asking for clarification of something vague. Dismisses the questions. Unreal.
Worst professor ever. It seems like she wants everyone to do bad. If you do not do things her way she tells you you are wrong. She is judgmental and rude. She grades so unfairly and she is not willing to help at all. What she teaches in class is different than how she grades assignments. Avoid her at all costs. She is a terrible teacher/person.
Dr. Newton is by far one of the worst professors I have ever had. Its like taking time to actually teach her students something is far too much to ask of her. She grades way to harshly considering the lack of effort she puts in. Emailing her is almost a waste of time as she gives empty responses and always directs you to a non-helpful book.
HORRIBLE TEACHER! Belittles students, makes u feel incompetent, refuses to answer questions or admit her mistakes, her grading is a hit/miss (98% of the time she will fail you), don't ask her questions because she will put her hand in your face and tell you that "now is not the time". Gets off on failing her students to feel better about her PhD.
She grades all of her assignments reallllly hard! :(
It is hard to understand what she wants out of the writing assignments. She is biased and I believe she collaborates with other professors to see how you've faired especially with your clinical class.
Before giving assignments she never explains what she expects from you and the assignment (just superfitially skims over it), but when she grades it, she loves to take off points for the littlest details and writes all over your assignments what she expected.
he seemed like a cool professor at first but the exams seemed to be based off the most random facts that were just in his head. the exams varied in difficulty but were generally unpredictable. he played movies most days instead of actually teaching. don't buy the books.
Horrible teacher. His exams are impossible, went to every class and did every assignment and still could not get an A. Only people who think he is easy must be people who actually care about history. take any other history teacher and you will be guarenteed a better grade. he seems layed back first couple of days but hes imposible to pay attention
what a liar! he gave me a C+ when he told me I would receive A- for course and my paper grades were all A-'s. Will not respond back! stay away very intimidating
worst class i've ever taken. the guy ruined the subject. he never made sense, just rambled on about random topics. don't take him!
I came into the class with high expectations, and was very disappointed. Where do I begin? Never on time for class, never prepared, makes up lectures as he goes along. Our whole grade was determined by 1 paper, with no systematic method of grading. This class was incredibly disorganized with absolutely no structure.
I never went to class and got a B+, he's boring but a very easy going guy.
Half the time he doest show up, speaks way to slow it will put you to sleep
This guy is such an idiot, you don't need to go to class.
Weird guy, horrible teacher, rambles on about nothing. Worse class ever
this was a waste of time : /
uncomprehendable lectures, TA was excellent, very helpful. Professor unhelpful
Papers are rediculus, tough grading, fell asleep in every lecture, boring!!!
visualize William Shattner on crack, there he is.
awful teacher, should be fired, lectures are nothing more than ramblings
Only take him if you want good grades, do not take him if you want to learn, dude is too out of date with the real world to teach. Honestly probably should just retire. But he is a very nice person, I do not have anything against Larry.
he doesn't answer emails or grade things on time. not very good at explaining code to people who don't already know how to code which ruins the point of being a teacher.
He hands out free As for everyone and their grandma, but terrible teacher
Had to learn most course material on my own, taught very little. Did not grade any assignment until last minute after finals. Very stressful and unorganized.
Avoid this professor if you are taking CIS 162. You will basically be self teaching yourself everything.
Larry has no clue how to work code let alone teach it to students. In taking this course expect to teach yourself everything.
I am a freshman and Grand Valley and have had Larry for about 2 weeks, he is an absolutely horrible teacher, he is completely clueless about computers and technology. I would not take this class if you are interested in computer science. He made me reconsider my major.
I didn't go to class once this semester after the first day nor talk to him....and I still got an A, if this doesn't tell u anything idk what will...
Worst prof I've had in 4 years and it's not even close. I was told to take this class to help a bit with upcoming grad school. I've learned almost nothing. No notes, little communication, and boring and aimless "lectures". I've never posted on this site but felt obligated to say avoid at all costs.
Professor Kotman's CIS 160 is a very easy class to pass, but you will learn little to nothing. His lectures are all over the place and usually don't pertain to the content that you are currently working on. But besides all of this, Professor Kotman himself is a very kind man who seems to be very invested in his field.
Freshman year of college. Absolute worst experience ever. He seems to barely know how to even use a computer, and his teaching is inexcusable. Absolutely DO NOT take this class with him unless this isn't for your major or you have previous coding experience. The only pro I can think of is that he's nice.
He assigned us 3 projects. We could only get A's if we completed all three perfectly, and he gave no tests. He often refused to help with code we were stuck on, saying "if I tell you what to do, you won't learn." (I learned close to nothing). Repetitive lectures on random topics. Had us follow Microsoft tutorials instead of really teaching content.
It was very frustrating to have this professor. He rambles a lot and a couple of times, he picked up his phone during our class while he was lecturing. I did not feel like he understood what he was teaching.
He's ok
Final grades are due in less than 24 hours and half of my grades are not inserted yet. Barely taught us anything the whole semester, including giving us the majority of our code for assignments, and left us very ill prepared for the final exam. Literally the hardest exam I've ever taken in my life. A very nice guy but take someone else
Graded 1 thing the entire semester. Had no idea what was happening half the time. The student helper consistently taught labs better than Kotman
If at all do NOT take this prof for an important class like 162. He doesn't seem to make lesson plans and just rambles all class. He seems like a very kind and intelligent guy, but he's probably the worst *teach*er I've had at GV. It's an easy A, and a mildly fun challenge to try to understand even a little of his compiler despite his lectures.
You will not learn anything from this Prof. Some people have said he goes out of his way to help but that is only because he tells you shouldn't go to the help center. Sometimes he will repeat whole lectures multiple days in a row. His class is only possible if you know about JAVA before you take it. (textbook is helpful but prof never read it)
Do not take him if you would like to learn anything about Java. Although coding experience is not required for CIS 162, the only people in class who had any idea what was going on were those already familiar with programming. Although he encourages collaborating on projects (making it easy to share code) that doesnt help during exams.
Professor Kotman is a really nice guy, but he cannot teach. It was impossible to actually get anything out of his lectures. He struggled with answering even the most basic questions. It is now the end of exam week and the only grade he has up is the midterm, so I have no idea what grade I'm getting. He was very frustrating to have as a professor.
Don't take this professor. He talks about the projects instead of teaching the concepts. He changes the projects so much that you can not get help from the Success Center, they are just as confused as you. No clear grading criteria and disorganized.
I can't stress enough: don't take this professor. The positive is that he gives no homework but I'd prefer HW at this point. He teaches projects not concepts and he's not even good at that, his tests are based on his ideas of how to do projects which students never follow, he's disorganized and going to class is an absolute chore.
We went over the same few things for weeks on end. The mid term was on the first half of class and the final isn't cumulative. It's super easy but it's also super boring and a waste of a class. If you take him, you won't be prepared for future classes.
This guy doesn't seem to know what he is talking about. He corrects himself often, more then once he took nearly the entire class time on a demo only to discover he was totally wrong. Avoid him at all costs.
Nice old man. Rambles incoherently about god knows what. Taught myself all the material needed for homework and exams from the book. Easy A, but if you actually care about learning the material, take it with someone else
Kotman is not useful at all. His teaching methods are terrible and all over the place. He seemed very unsure of what he was saying and his questions were confusing. Deadlines were not held strictly. Tests had material on them that we never covered in class.
Basically teaching yourself as you go. the course content is not hard. but if you actually need help HE WILL NOT HELP YOU! his favorite phrase to say to me whenever i asked for help was "make sure you look through the tutorial" ive been stuck on the same assignment for 3 weeks now
He kept extending deadlines, which is nice for people who slack, but for those who don't it's annoying. He seems very confused at times and is stuck in the early 90s computer-wise. Nice guy, but he made me roll my eyes a bit.
If you would like to get an A and learn absolutely nothing, take CIS 162 with Kotman. If you have to take 163, do not take it with him. You won't learn anything. Don't have to turn projects in on time. Can use full page cheat sheet on exams (only reason I did well). Don't bother asking him any questions, he will not understand you at all.
Awful. Teach yourself out of the book. Going to class makes you more confused that you were to begin with.
Easily the most incoherent professor I have ever had. Shows up late to class, rambles off on tangents endlessly, and didn't grade any of the homework until the second to last day of the course. However, he grades incredibly easy which is likely because no one knows what he's talking about. Avoid if possible.
Larry is a very nice guy, but it's kinda scary how little he seems to know about computers, especially since he's the teacher. As a person, he's great, but he's quite unclear and doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS (if you actually have an interest in learning VB). I was so excited about learning this, but he was SO unclear and I hated it. The book was terrible, and I honestly did not enjoy this class at all. He also changed the final exam at the last second, without telling us. So no one knew what they were supposed to do. HATE IT!!!
Kotman is horrid!
Teaching Style is hard to follow, but if you attend class it'll be a piece of cake. DON'T BUY THE BOOK. You'll never use it - HONEST - And I'm one of those people who reads the book even when I don't have to!
Terrible class and prof. Assembly language is not fun, and paired with kotman's terrible off subject teaching style grades are sure to slip. Not Recomended!
Not the best teacher, but a really nice guy. You get points for showing up and likes you to get a good grade. If you wanna learn, read the book.
Looks like Chis Kattan on Crack and teaches like it too.
Learned nothing. Doesn't care about his students.
forgot what he was teaching, not clear, not helpful, arogant, creepy plus 10.
forgot it'sa low level class & we're bored 1/2 way through. creepyugl
very intelligent but can NOT teach compiler design to save his life.
confusing, bables, constant talking, creepy looking
Boring as hell, but doesn't require much work. Very lenient on due dates.
evil, thinks the computer is GOD
DId not use a book. Often responded with "I don't know. You'll have to look th
He is a super nice guy, but his class has no structure whatsoever. Our class got so behind all of the other classes and we never even looked at the fourth essay in class, we had to do it all on our own. No clear guidelines were ever given on the papers.
Very chill but does not give much instruction at all. I would not recommend him unless you can write well on your own.
I would not take this professor if you do not know anything about writing. He is not clear at will with his directions that he is giving. The comments he gives you on papers that you hand in to him are useless because you can't read his writing whatsoever.
Most pointless class ever and I'm pretty sure Prof Donovan believes it too. The topics he gives you are hard to write on and this should be an online class. He never tells you what he wants and is very unclear on what the assignment is.
Extremely easy prof. I'm terrible at writing and yet it was the only class I got an A in. He has small writing assignments throughout the class but they don't need to be done and don't count for your grade at all. With the papers, he is VERY unclear about what he wants you to do so you just write whatever and if it sounds decent at the end,you pass
Not a good professor. He rarely shows up to class and when he does, nothing gets accpomplished. It is impossible to know what he wants from his students. Bad Professor!
WOW, this guy is very useless. You never know when due dates are and you never really know what he wants from each paper. He grades pretty hard, of course, because you never know what he's looking for. Although i feel bad for the poor guy, he tries to makes jokes.. and no one laughs.. lol
he seriously like never would show up for class like once a week and he wouldnt even tell us when class was canceled. no one understood the assignments so basically it was writing three papers on your own. he is not a good teacher at all. if you arent a good writer to begin with you will not do good in this class with him!!
Did not like him at all. He is really unclear in what he wants. The class was a joke
This was the easiest class I have ever taken. He is a great, laid back guy. If you like structure, then you won't like this class.
Not helpful one bit, very unclaer on things and due dates. Nice guy though, funny, easy class.
He expects you to be able to write like a pro even tho this class for retards. He has his favorites and likes girls. I wish my bank account was as big as this dude's ego. Stay away...he sucks.
This guy is a total jerk, hands down.
He is possibly the worst professor i've had, he's also a huge dick.
thinks his dog has special powers, class was complete waste of time
So boring and not at all helpful
I'd tell you what a wonderful class this is and that the professor is phenomenal...but I'd be lying.
Words cannot describe how utterly stupid and pointless this class is. The teacher is boring and focuses on the most useless information. Watch out they think their subject should be a science.Its ridic.I don't know how anyone could dedicate their lives to the trivial pursuit of transcribing words and drawing language trees.Avoid like the plague
Boring lectures. Don't go to them, just print out the notes. The discussions aren't helpful either, I learned all the material myself just from doing the homework, which is collected every lecture.
This is the worst and most pointless class you could ever take. For one thing this lady is not organized in the least bit.. and u have a lecture onece a week and she expects you to be able to do loads of homework!! The TA's are the worst part too!!DON'T!
Teaches pointless info, and gives lots of uneccisary hw!!
Bad class. Lectures were very unclear and final was hard!!
Worst class ever.Horrible prof.TA's don't speak english.final was ridiculous
she's terrible the ta's do everything and they are not clear. don't take it
worst class ever they have koreans teching us how to pronounce english SUCKS!
Rediculous class, test, TA's. There are other ways to fulfill your multicultural
Was the biggest waste of time in my life so far.
ok
Boring lectures, no study guide or even a review, awfully worded test questions you probably don't even have in your notes, in-class work you can't make up. Count how many times she says the word "sediment", it's the only way to make it through class.
Worst. Class. Ever. Boring and useless. She tries to make it interesting but rocks just aren't. The tests are hard and her lectures are hard to stay awake during. I would say avoid this class and her at all costs.
he is a teacher that you really don't learn much from, but is really funny.
Very poorly suited to an online class. Talks a lot and makes you watch/read a lot of time-consuming things which are, ultimately, not even on/adjacent to the tests. Very few assignments. Never clearly communicates what he wants in assignments or when things are due. Graded almost nothing until the very end of the semester, so good luck guessing.
VERY BORING! His lectures do not correspond with his tests. Puts questions on tests that weren't even covered in the chapters assigned. A lot of movies that will put you to sleep, only watches the beginning and expects you to know everything about the play. Relates everything to sex...(notice no pepper by his name) TRY TO GET A DIFFERENT PROFESSOR!
I hated this class. It honestly made me change my major. He was incomprehensible, rambled, and went on and on about useless things. The material itself was interesting, but he sort of killed it for me. Take a different professor!!
Cant stand this teacher or class... horrible lectures, nothing makes sense, and the tests are rediculous... none of the answers off review sheet are even on the tests! DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! One of the least comprehensible teachers i have ever had.
If you see this before you begin a class with him get out! You have been warned
What is he talking about? Jumps to irrelevant subjects. Mandatory attendance
belongs NOWHERE near a university, if you see him, run away!
BORING, Unclear, impersonal, e.c. is a must, lecture style is dull
HORRIBLE, IGNORANT, CRASS!
Lectures were beyond boring, do not take this class with her
Cares about teaching, however all of your grade is exam based and she is a very hard grader. Impossible to get a 100 she's mean as well.
If you are not interested in Philosophy, DO NOT take this class. The lectures are long and very hard to focus. The only grades are 4 tests and the quizzes she gives every class. If you are looking for an easy class, this is not for you. Her office hours are no help at all. I would not recommend this class.
Don't take her. She is a horrible grader and her lectures make no sense because she goes off on tangents and talks to herself. For exams, she sends out 25 or so possible questions on the test beforehand, and then on the day of the test she will pick 6 for you to respond to so you are required to know how to respond correctly for 25 questions.
She literally makes the class horrible. I was so excited to take this course and it felt like she didn't care at all. She is not there to help at all, refuses to give extra credit even though she knows her students are failing. In addition, she only gives 4 assignments, setting you up for failure.
Mrs. Rogers' class has a really poor implementation for online class (COVID-19), and because of this, I would never recommend anytime take this class until changes are made. All her class is, is watching her lectures that she recorded in 2016, 2 times a week. Each video is an hour and fifteen minutes, with poor audio that makes learning difficult
This is a sample email from this professor "I continue to get requests for doing extra credit. I do not intend to change the evaluation procedures that I spelled out for everyone at the beginning of the semester, here in the last quarter. I realize this is being a tough time for everyone..." Then ended with assessing the final grades, thedisrepect
Worst class imaginable, I am in my second to last semester and I have A's in everything else and I'm currently failing this class. There are 4 exams, no new formatted material, just shoved together garbage from past semesters. The sad thing is that she's getting paid a professors salary to use proctoru and upload old stuff. I am disappointed UD.
I am about to finish this course in fall 2020, so I took it all online and asynchronous due to COVID. Out of all the classes I'm taking this semester, this is by far my least favorite and most difficult. The entire grade is based off of 4 exams, THATS IT. Unless you really enjoy philosophy or learning about specific philosophers, don't take this.
Hard class, dry lectures, did not curve exams
while a nice woman, this is the worst class I have ever taken. For a 101 class, it's extremely difficult and is graded only on tests and quizzes based on readings. I could study so hard and the grades always ended up being bad, it's a confusing topic and the lectures don't help. There are 80 slides per powerpoint filled with long paragraphs to copy
DON'T take Rogers if you have no prior phil knowledge. I took this thinking it would be an interesting/easy 100 level course and I was so wrong. Save your GPA! You only have 5 grades for the whole semester. Her slides have no titles/format they don't make any sense. I have studied for hours and still can't get over a 75 on an exam. So frustrating
Lectures are confusing and she doesnt know how to explain them at office hours. Tests are super hard, you can study a week before the exam and go to review and still do poorly. She does not care about how you do in the class, and often times this class is based off her own views and opinions.
Dr. Rogers makes an intro level Philosophy course way more difficult than it needs to be. She offers no real extra credit or help, and she herself even sounds confused by material a lot of the time. Definitely would not recommend taking this class with her
I took this online and it was awful. If you're taking this for an elective I would recommend not. Lecture heavy, very boring, and grade is based on only four exams. I didn't get any grades back during winter session and had no idea how I was doing the entire time. Take a different class
Worst class I have taken in college thus far, and I'm a senior. DO NOT TAKE THIS ONLINE. Lectures are insanely boring, exams are based on her opinions (she literally references herself as a philosopher), and the questions on the exams are so specific that no matter how hard you memorize everything, you're wrong. Don't take if PHIL isn't your passio
Very nice professor but the subject is extremely complex and hard and she can be very boring. Tough class to sit through. Hard to get an A because the only grades are 4 exams all semester with 30 questions on each. The questions themselves are very hard and you need to really understand the info. Take with caution. Must love philsophy.
Worst class I've ever taken. When I went in for help during office hours, she told me she was too busy. The only interesting thing about this pointless class was how much liquid she was able to consume in 50 minutes and not have to leave to use the restroom... DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS!!!!
Her form of grading is atrocious. One sentence that she deems unfit could cost you an entire grade on the test, despite the pages you wrote that had precise and correct content.
She doesn't know what the HELL she's doing. Her tests are extremely hard (consisting of 5 essay questions), she takes off 10+ points per question for mistakes that aren't even mistakes...(for example, using one word instead of a synonym for it). Even studying HER notes she posts online for 6+ hours isn't enough to get above a C. She SUCKS! YUCK!
Wow, just wow, she can't say three words without giggling like a 6 year old. Very unhelpful and just a goof. Most unbearable class at UD to sit through. Spare yourself your sanity and don't take it...
This class was so boring I thought that I was going to try to dig a hole to sanity every single class. When I went in for office hours she "wasn't available" to help me.. 3 times
Great lectures. You just need to go to class and look at her online notes.
The worst professor I've ever had. His lectures are totally incoherent and unrelated to what is on the test. I took this as an easy Group D and resented every minute of it.
Take him only if you don't have to take 208
Harry Shipman was genuinely a terrible professor. He completely skipped essentially all the material he was supposed to teach to prepare us for Phys 208. Once I was in 208 I realized that he literally did not teach us basic Physics concepts or notation we needed to know for future Physics classes. We learned almost nothing the entire semester.
Just don't sign up for it. I was honestly very interested going in... coming out I learned nothing. He spends more time telling us what we did yesterday (which was nothing) and what we are going to do ( again nothing except go over the list of what we are going to do again). He's a very nice man, just needs to actually teach.
BORING. Class is taught at the elementary school level. Since he likes that level so much, maybe he should go back and teach there.
I had him this semester, and the class was terrible, I mean, I understand that it is a 100 level class, but shouldn't we actually be taught something. Or if he really wants to make the tests that difficult, then he really should learn how to teach at that level.
Harry is completely entertaining, but he should be teaching elementary to middle school instead of college. All you do is group work, have assigned groups and seats- doesn't take attendance but you have to sign to get credit for group work and thats where participation comes from. You won't learn anything & will have no desire to go to the class.
No idea what gravity /density are. WAY too confusin, with not enough learnin
Strikes against 1. In college and we have assigned seats 2. Copying 2 pages out of the text book for a useless hw assignment 3. too much group work 4. not enough teaching overall not worth trouble for a group D requirement.
Horrible Teacher. Learn 2nd grade stuff from him. Easy A without doing a thing, if you dont mind being treated like a child.
Easy A without doing a thing. If you dont mind being treated like a 3rd grade child. He's a terrible teacher. I didnt learn a thing from him.
it seems like a really easy class until it's time to take a test and you realize that you haven't learned one thing. I feel like it was a complete waste of time going to class and lab. Harry is very nice and interesting to watch but he doesn't teach anything and can never answer student's questions.
This class was awful. I don't see how it's even psychology. The professor tried to be nice but you could tell she thought we were stupid if we didn't get it right away.
gave poor advice. told partner and i if we made the changes she suggested that our papers and presentation would be perfect, but gave us a c- anyway. had favorites. not helpful and test were hard. if you are signed up for this class run to anyone else but her.
Dr. Smith was incredibly confusing about grading. She assumes that all of us are going into research , and she thinks that we are supposed to know everything about how to write a psych paper before we turn it in. If you want a professor who thinks that we have all graduated take Dr. Smith.
Class if fine, tests are difficult, just go over notes and skim read chapters
Don't take ENG 335 with Hewitt. She does not have good time management. Nothing ever matched the syllabus. Her idea of class discussion is she poses a question and then tries to spin your answer to match her own. The readings were fine for the class. It's a lot of single page papers and two tests matching the stories to quotes from the text.
Do NOT take her class. Save yourself the extra ridiculous amount of work for an actual higher level class. If you don'd do the reading you'll be in trouble. She's very unorganized and unclear with her instructions and gave multiple papers and projects the last few weeks of the semester.
She assigns a lot of reading, but not too much for an English major. The real problem lies in her abuse of power. She asks personal questions, fails to turn off her cell phone ringer even during student presentations and final exams, and spends more time focusing on her interests than class content. She's sweet but completely unprofessional
Extremely disorganized and unclear. We never knew when things were due, there were no rubrics for grading and criteria was completely unknown, and we could never accomplish all of what she intended in class because she would get very long-winded. Avis is very opinionated and it intimidated people into not expressing their thoughts.
Extremely disorganized and we only got one paper back so its impossible to know what your grade is like. She asks lots of confusing questions about the reading that no one had an answer to. Also announced on the day of the final that she lost our final and made us right an essay that no one was prepared for.
Terrible professor. Funny to watch but impossible to learn from. She doesn't stay on topic long enough to take comprehensive notes and anything that goes against her personal opinion is considered wrong. Spends a lot of time worring about who changed seats and tries to call students out for pointless things. I don't recommend her at all.
She is a great person but a terrible professor. She is way of topic most of the time and jumps around so much its impossible to take comprehensive notes. She also spends to much time calling people out in class for being a minute late or changing seats. It's either her opinion or you're wrong.
She is very intimidating, she often goes on and on about authors she likes and shows definite bias towards certain authors and ideas. Although she is passionate about literature, she takes it too far sometimes and has told students their opinions were wrong.
Do Not Take Her!!! She is the worst prof I have ever had.She made us read 2 novels and 18 stories (6 wk sum class)all from one author b/c she likes her and is a member of the author's fan club. The author sucked!She was not very knowledgeable at all!!
Knowlegeable, yet unnervingly unsure of herself...wants students to validate her opinions and gets defensive if you propose something contrary. She isn't good about giving you time. Ex: we were given 2 min for evaluations. Avoid if possible.
Crazy, unclear, I get dizy just watching her lecture. Struggles to say what she wants...confuzing
crazy, hard to follow, unwilling to work with mistakes
Can't stay on topic. A LOT of reading. You can't be involved in anything else.
HARD, crazy, she rambles about nothing, hard to keep up with.. talks too fast
sparadic thinking can't stay with point if life depended on it
She could talk for 80 hrs straight if you let her-rips your papers apart
Terrible grader. Takes off massive amounts of points for very small details. Is extremely tough on grammar, will deduct points if she feels you could have used a better word. Will make 7 videos for one homework assignment. Hours and hours of videos per week, with terrible audio quality. She feels her class is the most important and it shows
Take any other stats professor.
Is the worst stats professor at gvsu, take anyone else. She gives a quiz every week on material that's irrelevant to material taught. She treats everyone like children, lectures are god awful boring and don't help much.... Oh did your grandma die or did you get really sick well It doesn't matter because there are no make ups for test or quizzes.
Avoid this professor at all costs. She makes things over complicated and has unnecessary weekly quizzes. She will make this class more time consuming and stressful than your more important classes.
She gives homework that she doesn't take credit for, and spends all classes going over worksheets, too fast for you to try it yourself before she does it. Not good for tests, help, or staying awake. Way too monotonous and uninteresting.
Not clear at all. Does not help you out at all. She gives notes slooowly as she is writing it on the board. The tests are 10 times harder than whats going on in class.
Thought she needed to lighten up and allow for some error in her assignments.
I hate math even more now.She did not teach,she expected us to know everything
save yourself from the misery of him rambling on and on about nothing. He is completely monotone and does not interact with the class, no talking allowed and going to class is a huge waste of time and knowing that you had to PAY for this class to hear him incorrectly puts around on the piano is really discouraging. way to go gvsu.
This guy is terribly boring, not to mention not very friendly. He also talks about his steel drum band constantly. But he's pretty easy and cancels a lot.
he was pretty bad. It's easy to do well, but he forgets that it's a gen ed. he skips all over while talking and expects too much with the listening lists--hardest part of the tests by far.
i asked for help, but he didnt help very well. this is supposed to be a gen ed class but he made it like we were already musicly educated. so i advise people to take the class if you have a music history
Terrible prof. Never hands anything back. Kinda rude too.
Horrible professor in every way. He is never prepared for class, totally unorganized, not available outside of class. Just bad, bad, bad. He goes off on a thousand tangents during a lecture...oh yeah lectures - one word - boring. hes not very nice either
VERY unprepared. Never has the tests ready at the start of class and will never get them back within a week of the test date.
I could teach the class better...
doesnt test on what he says... terrible prof. boring too
TERRIBLE. I didn't have a major, and she talked me into taking upper-level classes as a freshman, saying I didn't want to close anymore doors for myself. She talked me into taking Bio120 when I was in no way interested in science, and I got a D in it. She also made my schedule more or less by herself - I could have done that, I wanted ADVICE.
Is very unorganized and is hard to find assignments dude because he has so much stuff on his blackboard. Tough grader WOULD NOT TAKE
Professor Rhoades made it difficult to pay attention to the class. Even when you were paying attention, you have to wade through all of the rambling to figure out what he is saying and, more importantly, why it is relevant. He's a great guy, really understanding and he loves the subject, but his talking is out of control. Never kept class on time.
Unfortunately he's the only prof teaching this course - and it's a required course for ANT students. His expectations are very unclear-even when talking to him and asking questions. The class is almost useless unless you're studying the same things as him, as he doesn't seem to have a holistic grasp for the class. You just need to figure him out.
Horrible. Expectations of the class unclear both to him and to the students, totally unorganized. Graded easily, but the stress for the class was absurd.
This guy gives you a 5-page paper to write every week and still expects you to write a 15-page ethnography for the end of the semester. 6 credits worth of work for only 3 actual. Anthro research methods was limited to cultural stuff, so it's worthless unless that's your emphasis. He expects way too much. Just hope he isn't your advisor, either.
GET SOMEONE ELSE!!! I'm not coming back next year partly becuase of problems I've had with him.
Very unorganized and unclear
very unorganized,hard to undertand,gives a lot of extra credit,did not learnalot
When you read how disorganized and unclear he is in these ratings, take it seriously. He is very unclear, difficult, and arrogant. Gives very little points for correct work done. Took him before I started my degree in accounting. I dropped his class, took another prof. He is to be avoided at all costs.
This class was basically an independent study with changing requirements each time you have class, unclear expectations, surprise reports, and no lecture. He just rambles on and doesn't actually teach about how to invest. Class was 1.5 cr with the work of a 3 cr+ class. Expects you to know ALL finance topics regardless of your class standing.
Avoid this Professor at all costs! He grades hard with extremely vague directions. Very exam heavy. Rarely responds to emails and when he does they are often very short and not helpful. He had zero idea how to use technology. Never posted a single grade the whole semester. He would also yell at students for not understanding the material.
Yatin is very unclear on what is expected and you will be lost. You will not know what is going on. You will not be graded on anything. You will most likely not learn anything. This is coming from someone with a 3.7 GPA and cares about learning and tries in school. I expected more from my finance capstone.
NEVER in my undergrad have I withdrawn from a class until I took Bhagwat. Very little clear communication, support, and ability to clarify content in class. NOBODY knew what was going on (even the finance majors), and does not do well at all to test and prepare you for exams. Picky grader, passing is >69%, and very heavy final (1/3 of grade).
There was very little communication with students, and virtually none after an abrupt switch to completely online class. He stopped posting online lectures about halfway through the semester, and if you missed an in-person lecture it was very difficult to figure out what content was actually covered. Save yourself the frustration if class is remote
Not a fan of how this professor handled online classes this semester. He was very unclear about what he was looking for and was difficult to communicate with. I expected more from my capstone professor.
Prepare for no feedback on anything you turn in. He is completely technologically illiterate. By the end of this semester he had not updated a single grade and the entire class was left in the dark on what their grade was until final grades were due in banner. He will call on everyone during class and harass you if you do not know the answer
Do not take Yatin for any class. Covid showed that he is actually Blackboard illiterate, and he is incapable of using anything besides email. Unclear expectations on assignments followed by difficult grading. Hands down the worst professor I've ever had in my 17 years of education.
Don't take him!! His lectures are hard to follow and he gets into some really technical finance theorems without any introduction. His tests are only 8-10 questions a piece and he isn't clear on what topics will appear. The textbook isn't much help either, since his test are usually over what he says in his lectures.
I very much regret taking this professor. The textbook he uses isn't helpful, especially when it comes to equations. There doesn't seem to be any calculation method for how he grades exams, as he just tags off points without any explanation for why he took that amount of points. Class time isn't used effectively, and he is just a sour person.
Professor was often disorganized and at times did not always directly answer students questions. Grading on test did not really make sense and handwriting was often difficult to read. I felt lost throughout most of the class.
This has been one of the most unorganized professors I have ever had. He told us three different due dates for our presentation and frequently switched what cases we were supposed to present. He does not enter anything in the grade book and for him to clearly answer one of your questions is rare. Students receive random grades at end of semester.
Bad prof, very unorganized! Lot of work without any explanation, would not recommend him to anyone!
Didn't teach at all. He just scribbled stuff on the board that didn't even relate to what was on tests and quizzes. When everyone failed a test his response was "well you guys have each other". I am a 4.0 student and I had to withdraw from the class.
Very intelligent professor but is just horrible at teaching.I had a great interest in this subject but after a week in this class it was gone. His handwriting is nearly impossible to understand and covers too much material too quickly. The finance and accounting majors in the class were clueless more than half the time. DO NOT TAKE this Prof!!!!!!!
Very smart, but is not suitable for finance 320. Exams dont resemble any questions posed in class, uses terminology way beyond the basic level of finance. 3.5 GPA, studied hours on end, still did bad. DO NOT TAKE!!!!!
Worst professor for an intro level class. He obviously is very intelligent, but we cannot understand 99% of the stuff he tries to teach us. I changed my major from Finance because of him. I don't know what he's teaching but I now hate Finance.
AWFUL! Stay as far away as you can unless you love finance and know a ton about it already. This class is not taught like an introductory finance course. My whole class was failing all of the exams/assignments and he said we were too dumb to apply the material. He is a super smart guy and thats his downfall, he doesn't teach in a way you can learn.
Professor is very intelligent, but should not be teaching an intro class. For anyone who is NOT a finance major DO NOT take with this professor. The problems on quizzes and exams are very difficult, beyond the level of an intro class. He also is not helpful and makes you feel stupid. Have 3.7 GPA so am not a slacker or dumb! Chose to drop halfway.
Yatin is fortunate he has Info. Sys. students in there that have had multiple math, stats and formula classes. Relying on him to teach is a joke. He gives little credit for work done on the problems. He doesn't acknowledge the class when he teaches using the board. He isn't really interested if someone understands. Try take another prof.
Awful experience. He just gets up and fills the board with gibberish and makes no attempt toward a comprehensive understanding of the concepts. I tried to follow dilligently, and all I got was lied to. I don't care if he has a generous curve- stay away!
Why does everyone pretend like he's a good prof on here? Yatin has an interesting sense of personality but to echo someone before me... a TERRIBLE TEACHER. Strong incomprehensible accent and little empathy for struggling students. He's all over the place in class... take someone else!
Really cool guy, but gotta be honest, TERRIBLE TEACHER!!!!!!!!!! Very unclear lectures during class. Tests were very confusing, and notes did not help. Do not take if you would like a decent grade!
The worst proff that I have ever had!!!! TAKE MY ADVICE, IF YOU ARE SIGNED UP FOR HIS CLASS, DROP NOW-EVEN IF YOU CAN'T GET INTO ANOTHER FIN 320 TAKE IT LATER. HE IS TERRIBLE!
Very intellegent and lets you know it. Doesn't care if you don't understand. Moves through topics very quickly and Exams are outrageous!
I have alrealy graduated GVSU, went back for MBA, worst professor experience. Make the girl next to me cry in his office and did not care. I went to him for help and all he wanted to talk about was a speeding ticket he received in my hometown. Terrible
Hard to understand, goes very FAST! Needs to prove how smart he is. Tests tricky. If GPA important to you, find another prof.
I was really looking forward to taking this class, but he is 1 of the worst profs I've had so far @ GV...doesn't even teach..just talks about random crap and has students teach the class,then breezes thru chapters & tells you certain key terms to know. Very confusing & impossible to follow - take someone else's class if you want to actually learn.
I like Tom as a person; he's a great guy. However, I did not learn as much in this class as I would have liked to. He explains things by telling personal stories, which is entertaining but not helpful. His tests are completely invalid, as they dont measure what youve learned. True, you can do the EC but spending $ on this class isnt recommended
Do not take this class with this professor if you want to be graded fairly.
His lectures are very boring making it difficult to attend every class. 90% of the material on the exams falls in 2-3 lectures. Home works are easy. However, exams are more than 50% of the grade.
STUDENTS BEWARE!! very tricky
VERY DIFFICULT AND TRICKY!! tests use questions different than class examples.
I feel like his quizzes and tests are made to trick you. There are two parts to his tests . There is a multiple choice section and essay portion. The essay portion questions are not very clear. If it wasn't for extra credit on the quizzes I probably wouldn't have passed. He rarely replies to emails!
All he dose is talk. You will understand what he is saying, then he talks about the same thing for another 30 minutes. Avoid this class at all costs
Very bad, I do not recommend taking the course with this guy. a lot of work on online assignments, his lecture is useless since you need to study from the book. and the book has way more information than he lecture about.
Professor Fitzgerald is very rude and quite frankly needs to retire. He emailed his students multiple times complaining about us because we had too many questions for him. He messed up our grades on multiple occasions and got upset when we brought it to our attention. Never recommending him to anyone. EVER.
Don't take this class if you don't want to invest time reading the book. He's not great as a teacher, but you can boost your grade with extra credit and homework assignments online. Labs were ridiculously easy. Tests can be difficult if you didn't study his slides and if you didn't study out of the book.
Starting off the semester I was really excited about having a psychology class. However, Fitzgerald turned that excitement into loathing. Do not take this class with him. Exams were ridiculously hard since you never knew what to study and his lectures with the most boring thing. Always went off on different, irrelevant topics.
He goes off topic a lot in class, and hardly anything he goes over in class is on the test. He can be very boring, and his tests always have errors in them, as if he doesn't check them. I suggest reading the book if you're gonna have him. The one good thing about his is he gives out a lot of extra credit.
His class really discouraged my enjoyment of psychology. His lecture is very monotonous and boring. His homework scheduling is terrible & confusing. And worst of all, he isn't considerate of any of his students. My suggestion... Don't take him.
No No No.
Very boring class. He goes off topic way too much and his exams have hardly anything to do with the slides you have to go over. Need to study the book and anything he says isn't as important is most likely on the exam. Passed with a B though but it was on the homework and lab mainly.
He goes off topic way to much. I dont even go to the lecture because its not even useful. My book is online so is the quiz so i did everything myself. Hes too slow and behind on the lecture.
Very sneaky! Hides assignments in different areas on Blackboard. Post tests over weekend or on Easter. I think he was more concerned about confusing people then them learning! Avoid or be aware of his sneakiness.
Fitzgerald is a terrible professor. His lectures are straight from the book, proving no use to going to his lectures other than a good nap time. Exams are difficult, hard to study for, especially when he comes in 15 minutes late each time. The only good part is the lab, it's all easy points.
Too much information on test at one time. Timed quizzes are pressure. (10 minutes for 14 questions) Does not really give you time to absorb (learn) information. As a psychologist, his thought process for students learning needs help. Some TA's expect perfection. When students don't do well or complain, it is not a good reflection on the instructor
Completly unorganized and rude.
Fitzgerald is no the professor you want to take. He cant stay on subject we never really accomplish a lot in lecture. He test you on the small things in the book and on stuff he feels no one will know. Every now and then he shows a movie because he know that the people who are absent will not know how to answer the question if it is an essay on
Not a good instructor, needs to retire
Totally unorganized man. he doesnt know how to use a computer, and he runs through his notes so quick you cant read them. he also does not cover what is in the book, therefore on the test, there are random things that are not covered or in study guide
Avoid him like the plague!
Always condescending to anyone who disagrees with him. Grades are based on how much butt you kiss. In his words, if you didn't agree with him then your thoughts and logic weren't properly "developed". Those who agreed with his opinions passed and all others failed. Took same D papers from his class and got A's with a different professor. Ridiculous
Katz gave a speech at the June 14 Freshman orientation. It was totally pointless and his stupid sports metaphors were lost on most of us! Also, he needs to stop saying "y'all". His lame attempt at being "Southernized" made him sound ev
One of the worst professors I have ever had. He is so boring I wanted to shoot myself after 30min. He gets off topic and never comes back on. DONT TAKE HIM PLZ
Stubborn. Won't listen to student's comments. A sleeper teacher.
what a joke. she treats us like we are 12. doesnt seem to know much about the subject either. if you ask her a question, she gets unsure and frazzled easily. not too sharp on her feet.
WOW this class was awful - got a 40 on the first test and dropped it. Seems like he would be good for upper-level economics classes but AWFUL for intro. stuff. Boring lectures, boring material AVOID!
DON'T DO IT! HE SUCKS! SOOOoooo BORING
horrible class, only take it if YOU NEED TO!
Confusing and boring, his books are horrible!
You need the book to teach you because she can't explain anything.
she can't teach at all, i used to love math, but i hate it because of her. she's the worst math teacher I've had in my whole life, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS its total waste of time
She should be teaching 7th or 8th grade, not college level math by any stretch of the imagination. Makes everything more complicated than it really is.
Rediculous lady, makes fun of students sometimes but it's funny. You have to go to class, you start loosing points after like 2 missed ones... Final is IMPOSSIBLE so make sure you have a good grade before that and you'll be fine.
Definitely OCD or something.. the only reason I passed this class was because I had Math in HS. At one point, our class wasn't allowed to ask questions lol. Not that she answers them clearly anyway, not sure she can truly teach. GROUP 9 Holla.
lets face it...she thinks she's a dragon... WHAT A LOON!!!!!!!
CRAZY, shes so annoying and god forbid u miss a class
she calls herself dragon lady 'nuff said
She is rude and mean, she doesn't help you if you go see her. She is WEIRD!!!!
She wears a bandito and sings little kid songs. Should be a kindergarten teacher
I'm glad to see others have picked up on the mmmmkay's. I counted 162 in a class
strange, mmmmmkay, difficult. doesn't care to help you understand the material
TA teaches you more than she does, hope you like whacked jackets and faces mmkay
If it wasn't for the T.A. know one would know anything. Prange is weird. Mmmmmka
Can't teach! Gets really frustrated if someone doesn't understand.
Rather weird, arrogant, tempermental, confusing, disgruntled
She makes you do orange sheets everyday that are somewhat irrelevant to what your doing in class.She gives you papers called 'motivations' and goes on 20 min rants before actually starting the lecture. her test are nothing like the examples she uses or what your used to seeing from the textbook.IF YOU NEED TO PASS 2 GO ON TO STATS SHES NOT THE ONE
Stallar was opposed to anyone who challenged or questioned him. He is very biased and discriminatory.
Mark makes you buy a textbook which he wrote so he also gets money when you buy it. He doesn't use canvas! when he grades he can't understand his own handwriting. Very messy, he doesn't lecture and makes you do speeches about his book. He estimates your grade. Makes you do 1 hour long speeches and makes you buy a binder you don't use.
I don't recommend this professor. this class should be small group communication, and easy to do it, but he made it so difficult by made it long presentation for around 20 minutes in the public NOT at your small group, and heavy assignments.
Everyone gives him a good score because he is easy. That is nice I won't lie, but it's not the kind of experience I hope for in college. Need an A then take him and be nice. Nice guy.
ok teacher, but does not need to be in the class room, class runs itself
I didnt like this class at all. I would not take from this professor again. I didnt feel good in class.
What if I told you that by the end of this class, I had completed 98 assignments total. And that you would be given 6+ assignments per week, that weren't short. All while dealing with the class being THREE HOURS LONG. Think you'll get out early? Think again. You're there until the last second, and even later on some days.
If you gonna take Comm B6 find a better teacher, way to much homework for a 3 unit class, she is the kinda of teacher who enjoys giving homework and says stuff like "oh you thought the first part of your semester was easy" " because I'm not the nice one, here's this week's homework " worst 16 weeks of my life.
it gets really annoying when she starts rambling about being a democrat. she also favors certain students in class. if youre the type that doesnt like using the text book, this isn't the class for you.
Horrible teacher and horrible class avoid her if you are republican or drive an SUV or she'll ream you for fun. The class was easy but having to see her every week was hell on earth.
She is so unhelpful. She is way too political. That is all she talks about in class, politics. It is a SPEECH class, not a political science class!!
She treat you like you are retarded! she is not clear untilabout the 2nd week. then she expects you to know exactly what she wants! She seems as if she got picked on in elementary and is now taking it out on everyone!
If you like teachers who lose your papers and don't tell you until 2 days before finals that they're gone and you're going to fail then this is the teacher for you. She is one of the worst teachers I have every had!!! Avoid if possible!!!
she is a pretty good teacher but demands alot from her students. Her tests are hard and long. she has long lectures that boreds you to death My advice to her furture students is to drink lots of coffee before going to class
Finishing this class, honestly, makes me relieved that I will no longer have to waste my precious time allotted to me on earth. This teacher would make a great Yard-Duty!
Unfortunately, she does a great diservice to Biology. Pass on her as a teacher if you can!
Do not take him. He is outdated, class does not make sense, so much pointless reading required. Harsh grader, syllabus and online assignments do not match. I didn't do a second part of an assignment because of this. You need to double check all deadline in the syllabus and online.
Online class. Pretest. By the numbers. Lacked life.
I haven't started this online class yet but if you choose to do so, beware that he makes you buy one specific font for $25, with an $8 downloading fee. It's a complete scam and there's no way around it as far as I can see. I'm pissed that I had to waste my money on this useless font, but it's essential or you can't see any of the class material.
This isn't a class, it's a computer program. I recommend you avoid this and take a face to face class with a prof where you really learn something.
Tool
Took the class online, textbook not necessary. The class is EXTREMELY difficult, this class will need to be your MAIN focus when you take it. He is not available and it takes him days to respond to emailed questions. I received A's on every test but the final exam & ended up with a C, he's very difficult to work with.
I took the English 319 class online and it was very difficult!! I failed the class and have an A/B average in all other classes. There was so much work and it was very difficult and time consuming! Seemed like way more work than allowed for the 10 weeks. Also you had to go on campus to take the exams. Make sure your schedule allows for that.
This professor is not an ideal one. He will look at you like you are stupid if you do not understand him while he talks a million miles and hour because he is having to catch up from being beside due to the fact that he was busy telling lame jokes the class before. When questions are asked he will just make you more confused....good luck...
When I asked him to repeat something, he told me no. I think that he is the rudest person I have ever met and I feel sorry for anyone that is forced to take it. Be prepared to study a lot, b/c grades are only based on exams, and be prepared to laugh at his stupid jokes and put up with his atheistic comments.
He's a really nice guy and class is actually pretty interesting, but he grades pretty harshly on essays. Reading Logs are graded a little easier but he has really specific things he looks for in essays and if he doesn't find it you'll get a really average grade
I was disappointed by both the professor and the course, Texts and Contexts. The course too briefly and superficially presents a buffet of obscurantist writings - don't expect to actually learn anything about the so-called philosophies in this course. Yates is unhelpful, doing little to clarify these works and impatient with questions out of class.
Do not take this professor unless you want to spend 90% of your life focused on her class alone. She is an extremely hard grader ( marking five points off for misplacing an accent mark). She is very critical and tends to play favorites. I love Spanish very much, however after her class I wanted to change my minor.
Prof Malaret was a very friendly, caring man but a horrible professor. His lectures were boring, hard to follow, and had little relation to the content on the exams. The course was graded on two long and difficult exams.The only reason I went to class was because he promised extra credit for attendance but I haven't seen that in the gradebook yet.
WORST professor i have ever had. do NOT recommend taking any class of his. It is graded by two exams and an essay which he does not give any clarification about. the material on the exams is NOT at all what is covered in class, so it's pretty much a guessing game. he tells his students not to email him and gets mad if you ask questions/email him.
He is a horrible professor. He just talked about his chickens and expected to learn from it. You have to teach yourself from the book or you will not be successful in the class.
Super easy class to pass. Lectures are boring and tend to not be very informative. Extra credit is offered only to students who attend the class on a regular basis. The textbook is required to pass. Start the research paper early! He does not offer extentions
Discourages questions. Discourages student emails. Lectures are full of tangents. No assignments, graded purely on poorly constructed exams. Vague on expectations and instructions. Refused to answer many questions in class regarding dates.
Hands down the worst professor I have ever had. Attendance was not mandatory and even if it was I wouldn't go. Goes off on random tangents in lecture. Is very vague and reiterates constantly not to email him. Exams are poorly written with many mistakes, and being your only grades besides a research paper, it is very rough. DO NOT TAKE!
I hated everything about this class.
Will not answer emails. Does not give rubrics because "you should know what to expect". Clearly states he will give you a 0 on an assignment if he doesn't like it. Based on 2 exams, questions and answers are worded poorly, and one paper, that he never approved anyone's paper proposal for over two months. I'm an A student, couldn't get higher than C
The beginning of the semester was fine. Once we went online due to COVID, things turned for the worst. He doesn't even have wifi at his house. Props to most profs for figuring things out quickly, not Prof Malaret. We got a total of about 3 emails during quarantine and were told not to email him at all because he "gets annoyed by student emails".
Professor does not have WIFI at his home and does not contact students. Once we went online it took him 2 weeks to assign us an exam and a paper. He did not clarify the due dates and gave us a rubric for the paper that was dated back from 2008. He told us to not email him questions, and if we did we were told "to not tell him how to do his job".
Easily one of the worst professors Ive ever had. He was completely inaccessible outside of class & routinely told my class to not ask him questions via email. He never stayed on topic in class & gave tests that were heavy on info he never touched on. My class only had 2 exams & a final project so an A was impossible if you did badly on one thing.
This professor seemed okay at first, then as the course went on he started getting off topic and would talk about his personal life and not talk about the information. Theres no homework and barley any extra opportunities. The class is based off of 2 exams and a group project. I wouldnt recommend the class AT ALL if youre not good at test taking
Very liberal professor, which I guess is expected from a sociology professor but with him it is blatant. In lectures, all he does is rant about how terrible capitalism is and of he isnt doing that he is talking about himself. If you want to do well on exams then read the book because he isnt very good at teaching.
He is probably one of the worst Profs I have ever had at GVSU, he is constantly going off on tangents and his lectures are basically impossible to follow. Attendance is mandatory and when I met with him after class one day and he was incredibly rude and demeaning. Basically this class is a waste and I have learned nothing.
Dennis has a very hard accent to understand. I thought I would get used to it over time, but didn't. The only grades we received were exams and a group project. The exams were very hard because of the wording and lack of information we learned.
His lectures go off on tangents. The test material is never truly covered and you cannot find a good portion of the answers in the book. He won't return emails. Instead he will joke about student's problems in class with everyone. If you can't make class go ahead and just drop because he's already forgotten about you and your grade will suffer.
Horrible. All Malaret does is constantly talk about himself. He takes attendance everyday, and if you skip his lectures his a jerk to you. He get so off topic he never get finished with the chapters before test time. Would highly recommend never taking a class with him.
Tells you to be close minded while being incredibly bigoted.
He gives out two exams and one project the whole semester and offers an optional final. His lectures do not cover everything on the exam, so be prepared to read the text book in order to pass. The group project guidelines are extremely unclear and he didn't offer much help to my group and was rude when we questioned him. I would not recommend him.
Would NOT recommend. Talks in circles, rambles, & repeats the same stories over and over again. Talks about the same thing every single class. He is kind of hard to understand if not listened to closely. He gave an exam when he only taught one out of four chapters. Makes group project super stressful & overly detailed. Funny, sassy, & rude.
Was unclear, accent was a problem, a barrier in communication to the point where it was difficult to discuss exams or ask questions. Literally, and I'm not trying to be mean, never gave a clear answer and left us wondering. That being said, he's passionate and a good guy-- just expects us to be more enlightened than we are able to be at this point.
I did NOT enjoy this class with him. The topic is really interesting but he found a way to make it boring and awful. He is really rude, condescending and thinks he knows everything. His accent makes him really difficult to understand. His lectures had nothing to do with what was on the exams so I would suggest reading the book for everything.
He is ridiculous. Only talks about his opinions- nothing on the exams. The powerpoints are copy and pasted from the only textbook, and I know way too much about his personal life. Things he says are not supported by studies or facts at all. It is over half way through the semester and I still have only one grade in the gradebook- our first exam.
He was very confusing, does not stick to what he says will be on the exam. Doesn't give time to ask questions. Can be crabby, which affects grades especially with the presentation. I would suggest picking a different professor
Dennis does not keep his word on what will be covered on the exams. He also has a 15 page syllabus which he strictly adheres to and it is filled with nonsense grading material. I recommend taking a different professor because he will give you a grade based on his perception of YOU, not your work
He's a great guy, although he's extremely unorganized and you literally have zero idea what he's talking about. You just have to read the book in order to do well on exams.
First off the topics in the class were very interesting. Professor Malaret is simply incomprehensable at sometimes. He has a decently heave Puerto Rican accent and he tends to talk extremely fast. Often 50 out of the 75 minute are spent with him telling us some story that relates to absolutely nothing we are doing. Pretty difficult grader as well.
THIS MAN IS INCONSIDERATE AND RUDE. HE HAS NO RESPECT FOR OTHERS AND A HORRIBLE ATTTUDE PROBLEM FOR NO REASON AT ALL. HE COMPLAINS ABOUT HIS PERSONAL LIFE INSTEAD OF DOING THE JOB WE ARE OVER PAYING HIM TO DO. HE DOES NOT HELP WELL AT ALL. HE ALWAYS SAY JUST GO AND CHECK HIS 16 PAGE SYLLABUS WHICH IS INACCURATE TO WHAT HE SAY AND IS NOT CLEAR ON NT
The Laziest professor I have seen since at GVSU. Dangerously misinformed considering he is teaching the class. In a class where we are learning about Race Gender and SEXUALITY he literally told the entire class that LGBT HS/college students shouldn't come out of the closet until they are financially free.
Fun professor as long as you stay on his good side. His lectures often do not stay on topic, and even spent 10 minutes of lecture time showing slides of his garden and dog. I would have liked to learn more about the topic he was teaching, but I guess reading the book was enough.
welcome to "the dennis show", where you learn all about his opinions, how everyone sucks except latinos, and tells crazy stories like how he lit a garbage dump on fire and the owner went to jail for it but its okay because he didn't like him anyway. every opinion is wrong except his. don't even try to argue. waste of breath.always off topic. tool.
One of the worst professors I have had. Is VERY one-sided and for a SOC class, that does not work real well. He belittles you if you try to counter him on something and never has a single good thing to say about anything! Would drop if possible. Its not worth it!
Tests are all in the book. Class is pointless but you get extra credit for going. Big group project at the end worth an exam grade. Final was optional. Class was boring but if you read the articles the test was fine. Hard to understand at time and goes off topic allot. Not a hard class but its all reading.
I cant even begin to say how unprofessional this Prof. is. Get out while you can
Malaret is horrible, he is rude to students, thinks he is God. I agree with alot of stuff he has to say but everything he presents is negative. Nothing is presented as a solution just what is wrong with the world. He gets pissed at students when he asks a question and then they answer and he thinks they arn't talking about the ? when they are.
He is the worst teacher. Teaches us to be open minded but he isn't even open minded. Very rude and not very understanding. Do not take him!!!!!
Really had a hard time with this Prof. He has a very bad temper when you hit him in the wrong spot-and is really rude when you bring up an issue you are having.VERY defensive and his tests are crappy. You read AND do the study guides...and still dont do well. Try someone else if you can!
This class sucked! Guy is so hard to understand and flips out if you ask him to repeat stuff. Tests are really hard. Don't even listen to him, just read everything and you will be fine. Make sure your in class all the time! He gives an extra 10 points!
Malaret is hard to understand with his accent. Everyone zones out in class. I only read the book before exams. Discussion is basically his own opinion on stuff with no class interaction. Very disorganized.
Horrible professor. Even though I 4.0 the class I didn't learn anything I didn't already know. He seems to BS a lot, contradicts himself often, and is just plain confusing and condescending in class. Is an easy A if you go to class but don't expect to learn ANYTHING.
DONT TAKE HIM he grades hard. cant understand him. gets his test questions from God knows where. I would never take him again
scatterbrained, confusing, cranky at 8 in the morning. do yourself a favor and dont take him
he has a strong accent that is hard to understand, and it is impossible to take notes cuz he rambles on and on about how the white man will find a way to screw you. good class topic, bad prof.
HORRIBLE prof. Tries to encourage students to speak up in class but then tells them they're WRONG when they do. Can't understand a thing he says. Lectures are ALL OVER THE PLACE. Must agree with his rediculous opinions to get test Q's right
Extremely hard to understand. Lectures hard to follow. Prof always late for class (outside smoking instead of on time.) Didn't show for final. Exams hard and material tested on taken from who knows where.
Didn't show for the final...
Not a good teacher, has favorites and your grade all depends on if he likes you or doesn't like you. Worst teacher I have ever had, will never take him again!!
don't take his class. very very hard to understand because of accent. tests have nothing to do with lectures. gets off subject a lot. The worst prof I have ever had
Horrible accent, hard to understand, tests are easy though if you read the text.
Analogy: He is to teaching as putting a sguare peg in around hole (that is also how he writes his test). He can not be understood and does not like anyone elese ideas. Picks his favorites. I have no idea what GVSU was thinking when they hired this guy.
Worst prof at GVSU. Unorganized and his lectures are pointless. Has strict attendance policy b/c everyone would skip without it!!
He has a strong Puerto Rican accent that is diffucult to understand.
WORST TEACHER EVER...has favorites...very disorganized and hates questions!
What a joke! Just because he's not white, he thinks he's always right.
tests are terrible! hard to understand...DON'T GET SICK or you fail...
lost 10% of final grade b/c missed 3 classes, A- to B-. lectures are worthless
SOC
can't understand at all, lectures are not related to subjects, don't take!!!!!!!
lecture and test have no relation...talks only bout himself..sterotypical..
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
I got an A, but I loathed every minute. How did he get tenure?
Nice guy and all but his class can be really pointless.
can't understand a word he says... tests hard to understand and study for
the worst prof ever! Can't understand him, full of himself, exam ?'s from space?
The books are intended to be readible. Lecture involves discussion. He's funny.
His accent is so hard to understand. Don't understand his teaching.
Difficult to follow and understand.
By far the worst prof. I have had. No connection b/w lectures & exams.
Hard to understand and follow!!!!!
Nice guy, can't teach. no connection b/w exams and lec. not consistent. NOOOO!
Absolutely horrendous professor that is completely out of touch with the needs of freshmen. This isn't a graduate course. Teach at an appropriate level, and don't assume everyone in your first-year course intends to pursue a pHD in Chemistry.
This was the most frustrating class I've ever taken. The teacher goes on long, off-topic tangents. One time, it took him forty minutes to actually start class. If you get a question wrong, he will laugh at you and mock you. I learned more from a ten-minute YouTube video on Linguistics than I did this entire semester.
I have never failed a class before taking one of Prof. Wu's classes. The material is difficult to follow and Wu doesn't help one bit. His lectures are dry and tend to go off topic. He can be quite rude to students who don't understand the material. Absolutely would not recommend him as a professor. It was a total nightmare.
He was one of the most frustrating professors I have ever had. He is knowledgable about the content, but has no idea how to teach it. You can learn everything just by reading the book. His lectures are dull and he often wastes time by getting off track. He also never posts grades. His expectations are confusing, as are his explanations.
He is unwilling to make accommodations, even for Covid related absences. Although he is very educated on the topic, he is not good at teaching it. Also, he doesn't post any grades throughout the semester. He also gets off topic often during lectures. He can be very nice, but he can also make rude remarks if you ask for clarification.
Professor Wu is kindly, and fun to talk to, but his grading criteria is incredibly unclear, he has no experience with Blackboard or teaching online, and his answers to questions posed are often lacking and/or outright unhelpful. Given the chance, take someone else's class, especially if the teaching is going to be via Zoom.
This class was online and he had never taught an online class before. No lectures, just powerpoints and reading. Very confusing professor and class overall. Never clear on expectations. He can be nice, but he will also tell you in very rude ways when you are incorrect. Definitely do NOT recommend him. Avoid him if you can. Terrible experience.
This professor was impossible to please and learn from. I truthfully did not learn anything and taught myself the course material from the beginning to end. I DO NOT recommend this professor if you need assistance with hard grammar subjects. Prepare to learn on your own and be insulted if you don't get it.
most confusing professor I have ever had. Many students in class are education majors, not all, but he only teaches through the education lens. Grades based on "thoughtfulness", whatever that means. Doesn't actually want your opinion and never actually teaches ANYTHING. Don't ever expect to learn or receive feedback on how you're doing in class
All he does is lecture the entire class. There is little to no student interaction or engagement. His feedback on assignments is unclear and his explanations don't make any sense. So confusing. I was frustrated and confused about what he wanted me to do. Grading and rubrics were unclear (if provided at all).
He sets you up to fail. Class is only out of 100 points even though the tests are more than that alone. He doesn't know how to teach and will not help when you are lost. Doesn't spend enough time on the hard stuff and too little one what will never show up on quizzes or exams. homework is worth nothing. I would not take him EVER!!!. s
One of the worst professors I've had. He knows his stuff, but is very bad at teaching it to the class and expects everyone to know the material after learning about it once. Uses a different book than everyone else so even my tutor was unable to help me at times. I would not recommend him to anyone. DO NOT TAKE HIM
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS, if you do you will spend the semester confused and teaching yourself out of the book.
He never explained any of the assignments. He rambled through every class and never taught anything. Everything I learned was from reading the book & teaching myself. When I asked him to clarify what was wrong on my tests and homework, he wouldn't explain. He passed back all of our homework after we took the exam on that material. DO NOT TAKE HIM!
He is not very good at explaining things in class or clarifying difficult material. He is also a harsh grader and his quizzes are too difficult for what and how he teaches. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS!
Prof. Wu does not stay on task. He doesn't answer your questions or your email messages for that matter. His quizzes are extremely difficult and then tells the class that we took too long to answer them. I was lost throughout this class. I was lucky enough to pass with a C.
Bad prof. if you are going to teach english speak it. One should avoid him at all costs. He won't help you with anything and as hard as you try you probably will flunk. Hooked on phonics didn't work for him.
Very poor communicator
Probably a smart guy. If only he could teach (or speak English clearly).
hard to follow, doesnt tell you what's on quizzes ,and hard to understand
Speak the language before you teach it!
not good in365-very unclear and rude to his students
Tucker is a nice woman but she's brilliant... so she expects the same from a general education class. She is hard to follow in her classes. Talks on and on and on and it's exhausting to listen to--especially because you're not graded on it. You better look at the syllabus because she won't even tell you about assignments approaching that are due.
For a literature class, there is not much literary analysis going on. She lists useless dates and information the entire class. Very unorganized also. Hardly any chances to earn points. One huge exam for the semester. Not a good class at all.
Class is so boring. There aren't many grades for the semester so if you screw one thing up, its over. If she does not agree with your opinion ( or vice-versa) have a good time trying to get a good grade on papers even with good supporting arguments. She isnt impossible, just not very much fun.
Unbelievably unorganized--told us day 1 of class that she'd changed 2 novels (that we'd already purchased/read). Which ed. of the Norton? How many assignments? Reading questions, quizzes--no quality analysis demanded. INCREDIBLY boring. What a shame to let such great lit fall through her hands.
Class is fairly easy, but she will grade you lower if your opinion is not the same as hers.
i don't even know what the class was about. class is flat out boring. i cannot blame that all on her but she did not attempt to make things any more interesting. did not return my emails. i would search for another prof before taking her.
WOW! Avoid her if at all possible. As an English major, I can say I have never struggled as much as I have in her class. With a G.P.A. of 3.63, never reciving below a "B" on any paper, she gave me a 61%
did not like this class..it was her way of thinking or no way of thinking (did bad on every paper because it was not her way of thinking)...she was not clear on what we had to do in class. why she is still at GVSU? no one in my class like her. doNOT
Great writer, not-so-great teacher. Teaching should be more than just showing you someone else's good writing. What about techniques?
Ya-BOR-dah... so boring no wonder everyone plays on the computer during his clas
Added her class a week into the semester. Zoom link on canvas/syllabus took me to an empty room (even after 20 minutes). Marked absent, so not sure where I was supposed to go. Never responded to emails about attendance or homework, so I dropped the class to avoid an F. She's probably great in-person, but I wasted $200 that semester.
worst professor ever. she's good for the lower level french classes but is an idiot when it comes to literature. she is definitely biased and certainly grades papers that way. she tested us on things she didn't teach. i will never take her again.
YOU DON'T LEARN ANYTHING. TAKE CELLI!!!!
He expects the students to have a deep understanding of the topics before taking this course. The professor doesnt cover information clearly and expects his students to understand everything. The material we are required to know for exams is completely unclear. Dont take this course if you have friends or family or if you plan on enjoying life.
I do understand Computer Vision better now, but Chandra is wildly inefficient in "teaching". He never explains anything in layman terms or matter-of-fact, he's always using abstract matrix algebra. He assumes that some topics are so easy to understand that he doesn't explain them, and ironically, become the hardest parts to teach yourself.
I've taken many classes at UD, but this is the only one that's been a complete trainwreck. I have a bit of empathy because covid, but lectures are disorganized and assignments are unclear. The timelines are aggressive, we had a midterm followed by a homework and programming assignment all due within 5 days, only plus being deadlines are flexible
I took his computer vision class because I was very interested in the subject, but I did not get what I expect from the class. Lectures were very disorganized, he will keep jumping between slides, project are easy to do if you are good in programing. Exams are very tough, plus he will curve down grades if too many people did good in the class.
Chandra is one of the worst professors to take a fundamental class with. He is completely disorganized and extremely missy. He will assign homework and project without any instruction and expect you know know what to do. He will examen you in concepts that he never thought before. If you want to have a semester full of confusion take his class.
Never answers e-mail, tough grade, curve down grades. The assignments are not heavy, but he expects you to do more than he assigned. The exams are awful. Extremely disorganized.
i thought i was taking shakespeare but the class has been morphed into a theater class because that's clearly all she cares about. clearly has favorites and grades completely arbitrarily. take another section.
This teacher cannot teach! She acts like she knows everythere there is to know about script writing and yet can't even answer questions about a script she herself wrote. She only gives two tests that are really hard and specific. She is also very big on participation!
RUDE!!! if you're a great poet, don't bother with poetry writing, be amateurish
I studied under Lou Arena many years ago, when he was married but having an affair with another faculty member. He was seen as manipulative and even threatening if a student did not do as he asked. Inappropriate.
Dr. Arena could be possibly be the worst professor ive ever had. The guy honestly is the most arrogant human being i have ever met. His lesson's that he is suppose to be teaching are never taught. He just sounds like an unintelligent old man when he lectures. If you can, dont take his class!!
He's very rude and condescending. Only a month into class and he assumed I was cheating on everything even though I sent numerous emails asking for help. Confusing asl. Does not outline what he wants from you nor does he think he does anything wrong. Sent me to the chairperson only for the counselor and chairperson to be on my side. Avoid him.
He's a nice guy, but he grades SO hard. Out of the entire semester I got 100% on only one minor assignment. Unclear instructions, confusing, changes the syllabus constantly, and has no confidence in students. Entire class struggled because he explained nothing. Worked our behinds off and got a C+ on the final paper. DO NOT take him.
Please avoid this prof at all costs. I have never been so lost and confused in a class before. Nothing is organized. This class is tough in general and he makes it SO much worse. Big group project with unclear feedback. Quizzes and homework assignments are terrible. You will want to cry if you take him for any class. Do not take him. AVOID!!!!!!!!!
If you like clear instructions and feedback dont take this professor. Hes the epitome of a nice guy but a godawful professor. Ridiculously though grader for giving no explanation on what he wants. He changed the syllabus maybe three or four times during the semester and rarely updated the class on these changes. If you get a bad group, good luck
He seems like a nice guy but it seems as if he does not want his students to do well in his class. We just completed an assignment that gave very little instruction, and I learned a majority of what was expected by watching videos from his office hour sessions with other students. Did not give any feedback on what we did wrong for the assignment.
DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT TAKE HIM! He is passive-aggressive in person and over email. He never provides clear instructions and assumes you know what he wants for every assignment. He talked about sensitive topics during class instead of the actual material. It is clear he only cares about his paycheck and not his student's success. Very egotistical.
At first I liked him. However, his teaching and grading style is awful. He DOES NOT do study guides, and study guides would be helpful bc there are so many readings that it's impossible to know what will be on the test/quiz. He expects you to know every detail. He is also passive aggressive in his emails. Never had so many issues with a prof.
I do not recommend taking him a professor. Very nice guy, but is hard to understand during the lectures. Very strict grading criteria.
I got an A in his class, but he is absolutely not willing to help you out or work around anything that's going on in your life outside of the classroom. Very full of himself and thinks he's better than you, but clearly he's a little insecure. Doesn't truly want to see students do well. If an answer is right but it's not what he thinks, it's wrong.
Constantly changing his mind about what he wants. No specific guidelines/unorganized. Grades like you're a professional and know exactly what you're doing. Gives feedback but changes his mind right after. Nice person but doesn't realize we're only students and that this is a class and we're still learning.
Awful professor. Everything on here is spot on. This should have been a political science class because he rarely connected to psychology, but ALWAYS connected to politics. Clearly liberal &often mocked conservatives. I wasted an elective on this class and struggled the entire semester. Definitely not useful for a psychology majorminor, stay away!
Discussion is not discussion, he likes to fuel arguments that usually relate to politics and have nothing to do with the class. Wasted a lot of time and felt like he was either making students attack me or me sound like I was attacking other students. Should really be teaching government or political science. NOT USEFUL FOR PSYCH MAJORS OR MINORS.
Little did I know this would be a politics class. He has high expectations but is extremely unclear about what he wants until after homework is submitted, upon which he talks to you like you should've known all along. Be prepared to read material that won't be discussed. May be a nice guy, but will definitely not change his ways. Waste of an elect
Professor Henderson is a nice guy but a terrible professor. His expectations are extremely unclear and he's a very intense grader. Our entire class was struggling and he knew it. He made this class a lot harder than it should be.
comes off as a really friendly nerdy guy at first, so you will read 500 negative reviews and not drop in the first 2 weeks. You will soon find every word on here to be true. DISORGANIZED, UNFAIR GRADER, LECTURES WERE CONVOLUTED, TESTS QUESTIONS ARE WORDED DECEITFULLY, PUSHES RAD. LIB IDEALS, SMART, NICE, SENSITIVE, BUT SIMPLY NOT A GOOD TEACHER.
comes off as a really friendly nerdy guy at first, so you will read 500 negative reviews and not drop in the first 2 weeks. You will soon find every word on here to be true. DISORGANIZED, UNFAIR GRADER, LECTURES WERE CONVOLUTED, TESTS QUESTIONS ARE WORDED DECEITFULLY, PUSHES RAD. LIB IDEALS, SMART, NICE, SENSITIVE, BUT SIMPLY NOT A GOOD TEACHER.
Horrible horrible class. It's too bad he's the only one who taught it when I needed it. He is nice like everyone else says, but don't let that fool you, he is a horrible horrible grader. Acts like he wants to help, but is impossible to please. Good Luck, you need it! I did worse on his first test than I have in any other class ever!!
He is a very nice man however this a class that if i could go back in time I would stop myself from taking. I'm glad that it's over and I don't have to deal with that bs anymore. He never really told us what he wanted from us and that screwed the whole class over
yuck
he is the worst prof. ever, without a doubt
He is the WORST Professor I have ever had!!! He explains nothing, when you go for help he pretends, but gives nothing useful. Doesn't tell you what he is looking for, tests are ridiculusly hard. AVOID him at all costs!!!!!
This class is ridiculous, its a theme class for goodness sake. His tests are unreal and half the class is failing. He doesn't care. And then he gives you all of this extra credit to do, but its only worth two points. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Worst Prof.
He was the worst prof. I ever had! I nearly failed the class and I attended every lecture and did all of the reading. Be afriad to voice your opinion, he will shoot you down! Worst Class EVER!
really difficult tests - they are all cumulative. if you have him, DROP THE CLASS AS FAST AS YOU CAN.
worst prof. ever
The worst teacher ever. He is not helpful and is very unorganized. He doesn't fault his teaching skills or himself when 70% of class fails his test. He doesn't care about the students, just about his own self-serving opinions. What a joke.
Hardest class I've ever taken...stay away!!!!!!
run!!!!! run far!!
Incredibly hard and boring... run away as fast as you can and never look back!!
he is awful, do not take this class w/ him. very unclear & disorganized
unorganized, uses group work as an excuse to kill time, pushes his own values
after one lecture i knew i had to drop this class
Horrible. Impossible. Waste of money. Learned nothing. Avoid while you can!!
Took it twice. Very hard & willing to help. You will learn APA writing format.
When asked about 1st test in PSY his answer: 1/2 of you will fail. Nice, Huh?
Notes are not relevant to test. Harder then it has to be.
boring and has no clue...he'd be a better stop sign
2nd worst proff I have had, exams terrible, avoid
I have been teaching 27 years and have never come across anyone as obnoxious, I vowed that I would never make my students feel as inadequate as he made me feel.
Very difficult to understand. Not very well organized. Not clear in any explanations. I don't recomend taking him.
worst ever had do not take
AWFUL! Can't understand him and doesn't make anything clear.
AWFUL
confusing and gives no help
very bad teacher!!!!
very ****y
There is just one word to describe her "Gestapo"!!! She believes that she is the university police. Furthermore she grades heavly on whether she likes you and not your perforamance in class.
Knowledge of subject matter, but little respect for students as intellectuals.
very cold
this woman ruined my psych career by giving me a C. Her point scale's ridiculous
Lets be honest. I took this class because I thought it would be easy. Who wants to actually work for a grade in an Arts class? These classes exist to give us business students a break from doing actual work. Anyway she made it too hard and Im over it.
She takes a 101 class to a whole new level. She grades VERY hard, and expects a LOT from everybody. I stressed over this class way more than I should have. Her quizzes are impossible to get A's on.
Least favorite professor I have ever had. Horrible lectures. He says you do not need the textbook, however, even though I attended every lecture I still had to teach myself every concept we learned. The website Investopedia will be your best friend if you want a good grade in the class. Always double check his gradebook because he is unreliable.
This man is an not very smart, his class is a waste of time and I knew less when I left the class because of his inability to teach.
staring at a wall is more interesting
Total prick.
Possibly worst professor I have ever had. Takes vendettas against students who dont follow his model ; dont get on his bad side. Teaching style insults intelligence of students. AVOID LIKE THE PLAUGE. Also, very passive aggressive.
THE WORST
This professor is so rude and condescending with his feedback. He allows you to resubmit your essays which is good. However, his feedback is more of him talking down to your essay rather than provide feedback to help you better it. He comes off arrogant and feels like he expects his student to be these anthropology experts right off the bat.
This is a beginners level Anth class, but he expects you to be an anthologist before taking the class. He gives you a short period of time to complete quizzes. There's essays for the class and he expects you not to use the book for these. You need to literally make it up in your brain. His wife probably divorced him, that why he's so bitter! Run!!
I took this class online. Be prepared to teach yourself Corporate Finance and don't expect any help unless you and your classmates band together. Reaching out to the professor will only get you comments of read your textbook and the lecture. Maxing out the discussion boards and studying all week is the only way to pass this class. Run Away!!!
Hands down the most difficult course of my academic career. 1st and 2nd exams are only 50 mins. 30 questions, 1 question at it time. More than half of the class failed. The final exam was 1:30 mins, 40 questions very hard as well. The only way to pass this class is STUDYING! A group chat with classmates was helpful, also do your discussion boards.
His class is unreasonably hard because of his tests.
Save your money and AVOID this professor at all costs! My final grade was a whole letter grade lower than what my points showed. I had an 87% and he gave me a C. His Grading criteria looks like this: Exam 1 25%, Exam 2 25%, Exam 3 25%, DB's(14 of them) 25%.
avoid this class at all costs. run. I will never take another one of his classes again, he is unwilling to help you and will make it an extreme obstacle to pass his class. never taking again.
The toughest professor of all time, do not take him at all costs. DBU should ban a professor like him, very unclear on assignments and gives benefits for specific students. He threatened a student who talked to the dean. If you ask for help he will laugh at your face. He will disgracefully judge you based on the first test exam. He is obnoxious
Has it our for students. Obviously worse teacher
Worst mistake I ever made taking this class. Avoid at all costs. I made a D in this class and was teaching my study group the material before the tests. Keep in mind, I've never made so much as a B- or C in my life, and I made a D in this class. Ruined my entire GPA. Take it from me and find another teacher!!!
By far the worst professor I have had in my academic career. Avoid this professor at all costs. He even gets on here and makes up his own post saying he's a great teacher. A complete shame to education, he is a professor for the occupation and not a passion for students.
The class is just to hard and many students complained about him. Grading is not fair and he requires too much. I received a zero for not taking a non required post test :(.
Don't take it, Just don't... He's not a nice guy nor a good professor
The class is made more difficult by the fact the syllabus is constructed by a week to week basis. I would read a particular case study, but never actually know when I would need to answer his specific question within class, that was for a grade. He's the first professor I've had do cumulative tests.
Dr. Schaffer is one of those professors that is 100% about the rules but 0% about mercy or compassion. Great professors have both qualities. They know when students are slacking and trying to coast but also know when students are really struggling (with in class work or outside situations.) It's great to be hard, but also be understanding.
Just don't take this professor
No assignment turn in dates, and no finalized specific syllabus.
Changing the rules in the middle of the game. Doesn't care about students.... or people, for that matter. Has a terrible reputation around campus from Finance majors, other students, campus employees, and even parents. Several Alumni even voice a concern about this teacher's attitude. I think I even caught him in a lie, but haven't proved yet.
Prepared a very intense class and project with criteria that was not doable in the time allotted. Rewarded hard work with negative results. I would advise never to take this professor. However he, as a person, is very intelligent, knowledgeable and caring. But that caring has a tendency to produce idealist expectations leading to student failure.
This professor is difficult, do not take him. His voice is very low, and his exam do not have clear review! give very low grade
Schaffer is, in my opinion, one of the toughest business profs at DBU. That being said, he is also one of the most engaging and real-to-life professors you can take from. TAKE HIS NEGOTIATIONS COURSE! It might be challenging, but it is worth it. The textbook is quite good too. I'm thinking about keeping it for future use.
Ridiculous as heck. He always talks about his daughters and tells awful jokes all the time. Spends more time talking about other stuff than Finance and tests are crazy hard. Also gives no review for tests so you have NO idea where material is being pulled from. He should go back to being a lawyer rather than a professor because he can NOT teach!
A nightmare.. I can't begin to tell anyone how much of a joke this guy is. Lame jokes, gimpy appearance, and passive aggressive attitude about showing grades.. His tests are ridiculous and structured to where no learning is involved. Avoid at all cost.
He is such a terrible professor I never had. Neither Americans nor international students can handle the materials well. The extra point from wall street journal quiz is extremely hard as he will ask you only three questions within three or four days. He spent so less time for covering the book materials.
Whell first off he treats you like a middle school kid by giving you an assigned seat so that he doesn't have to learn your name! Bought the Wall Street Journal and we never used and the "extra credit" points have yet to show up! Also, we only had class 30% of the time, when we did have it he only went over the easy stuff, which is NOT on the test!
Took class over a Mini term, not a good idea. Two test each counting 45% of your grade, not much room for error. Each test covered 6 chapters and it seemed that he went out of his way to make them difficult, and he did not give any sort of study guide. Had I been to this site before signing up for the class I may not have taken it.
He is such a horrible teacher there are not words to describe.
I can honestly say that out of the 110 hours that I've taken in college so far he is the hardest so far. His tests are ridiculous! He takes 20 questions out of 5 chapters. The questions are so hard and it's multiple choice but there are up to 6 answers possible on each question. I think out of my class of 25 there were 3 "B"s, 10 "C"s, 5 "D"s,7"F"s
i studied extremely hard for this course, and i somehow ended up with a D+. you never know what is going to be on the test, and reading the book backwards and forwards gets you nowhere.
I went into this class wanting to learn something, but it was terrible. I never figured out where some of the test questions came from. I did it on video, and the quality of the video was HORRIBLE. There were times when you literally couldn't see anything at all, or hear him, etc.
This guy is a joke. If he is so smart then why is he teaching a crappy low level law class instead of practicing it. He takeS roll before class officially begins and counts off if your not on time. I have taken a lot of hard class from a lot of teachers and he is the WORST...BY FAR!
This was by far my worst professor at DBU. He counts off if your tardy after twice takes roll everyday. Belittles you if you do not read the cases and if you are not prepared to explain them w/ the answers he wants. His tests have 20 qestions on them for 5 chapters of information w/ no review.Hated
Horrible, had to drop the class because his test were really hard, and his lectures were not easily understood. He knows a lot and isn't good about bringing it down on OUR level.
Out of my total 160+ semester hours, I can say with all honesty, the worst overall professor that I have had!
not recommended
Taking a class with Andrew Schaffer was, such as a bad dream. Probably the worst experiance that I have encountered while a student.
He was awful toward me. My worst teaching experience ever. The only thing I learned is that I can not talk for more than two hours without being asleep.
Great Man, Horrible Teacher, I love math, but was so confused in his class I failed out.
awful, does not give explanation to question on assignments or tests.
He gives you time to do homework, but isn't very clear about what his expectations are. Whenever you ask for help he will tell you to look at the syllabus and will never fully answer the question you asked. His lectures seem like they last forever and his voice is very monotone. The class is not very interesting and seems kind of scattered.
The worst professor I have ever had. I still can't figure out why, but he uses a microphone in a class of 25 students. Tough grader and discourages students from pursuing careers in the field of education. If you think you're going to pass the final, you're not. He will even let you know no one has passed his final, too. Stay away if possible!
This is the worst and most pointless class I've ever taken. Means is terrible and he makes people drop out of the program because they're afraid of becoming like him someday. All of his information is out of date and pointless. His grading is unfair and there is no structure or information on how assignments should be done. Tests are a joke.
I thought that this course would be easy based on the syllabus. Though there wasn't as much homework as I expected, Means barely provided any clarification for the homework and also graded opinionated papers not based on given criteria but comparatively to other students. It may be an easy A, but it's not worth the headache!
He knows a lot, but a lot of the things talked about in class are not needed and not up to date. There are a lot of assignments done on the computer on different sites, and they are confusing at times. He's a very friendly and grades on a huge scale. As long as you do all the work, you will do fine in his class, though, try to avoid taking it.
Ambiguous on instructions. When asked specific questions on assignments, didn't answer them. I had a hard time understanding what was expected of me in the class. Not the worst but certainly not the best.
I made the mistake of not using ratemyprofessor before this class. Now I will NEVER sign up for a class before checking this website. He is absolutely horrible! He is a great example, however, of what kind of teacher I do NOT want to become. At least he's a bit inspirational in that way. Avoid like the plague!!!
Means is horrible! I showed up to his class every week hoping to learn something, but he just droned on for hours. His assignments were unclear as to his expectations and whenever I would ask for feedback to improve my work, he could never give me any because he has no clue what he is doing!
just avoid taking his classes like the plague!
I would recommend this class. Work load is not terrible and he's an easy grader on assignments. Midterm is essay form. Final was impossible but he scales the test majorly so don't stress over the final. Pay attention in class because he will notice people who don't look like they want to be there. Attendance is mandatory.
Prof Means is a terrible teacher! He does not like women and his grading is completely subjective.
He lacks in people skills and does not connect with the students. WILL NOT take another class from him. I have already advised others to do the same!
Tough teacher, high expectations, not helpful
Didn't like this guy at all.
do not take
Weird grading style. The homework is almost impossible. No one gets over a C. He curves a little.
This is the worst class Ive had at UD. Wilgen is rude, inconsistent, and obsessive. Attendance is required, takes attendance and passes out tags. Treats her students like elementary kids, making them raise their hand if they completed assign/ syllabus. Talks over ppl constantly, even guest speakers and thinks everything she says is right. RUN AWAY!
This woman drove me crazy during a study abroad. Very selfish and not understanding when you get to know her. Kind of oblivious and NOT professional with her sexuality course. Offensive and stubborn. Don't study abroad with her!! If you have to take her class for a semester than should be better than being around her 24/7.
Never showed up to class on time or prepared. His power points are not informational he puts grades in so last
This professor is by far the worst I ever had in my life and I'm not exaggerating. He doesn't post any grades whatsoever until the semester ends. In addition, he not once showed up to class on time, always being 10-15 minutes late for a 55 minute lecture. Has no respect for students' time and money they pay for these classes. Would never recommend.
Professor Rise is one of my least favorite professors at this school. He himself comes to class unprepared, he rarely puts up power points and when he does they make almost zero sense, and he mostly just talks the entire class. You are expected to read heavily and he gives no directions for assignments, but grades very harshly and very late.
Do not take this class, you will learn nothing. The first 3 weeks before midterm we did nothing, then all of sudden says we have a midterm next week. Makes exam open note, but very tricky and not straightforward.
Utterly worthless as a respectful person and a professor. Made an appointment to see him and he forgot. always comes in late for class. Rude when asking for assistance. Waste of my life.
final was impossible - absolutely horror show of a class!
final was an impossible mult choice test!
a very unstructured class where the "graduate" TA did mostly all grading. both rise and the TA graded everyone VERY hardly it is an impossible class to get over a B in, I got a C and is the lowest grade on my transcript in 3.5 years at delaware. teacher is not helpful either..... awful experience... a nightmare
pompous
Not sure about him. Was condescending. Tests full of traps, lectures unclear.
his class was easy and he was helpfull and clear but I gave him all 1's because all the guy cares about is P.C. treatment of the handicap..ER! the less fortuna..ER! whatever the hell he insists they be called. O, sorry... "exceptional learners." Give me a break.
One of my worst experience San Diego State University
One midterm that covers the entire text. 2 fully researched group papers that he grades like he is an English professor. A BPR diagram that you aren't taught how to do that he grades harshly. 1 Quiz that covers the entire first half of the text book. Overall this is not the same professor you think is fair from MIS 315. Avoid if possible.
Very easy teacher. All tests were online required no studying what so ever. Just have your book on hand when taking the tests.
Worst professor I have had at state so far. He is past hard to understand and falls in the what the "heck is he saying?!?!" category between his accent and mumble. The lectures are useless. He is not very helpful or nice. Avoid him if possible.
:(
Excellent book, poor lectures.
His lectures are so long and barely cover class material. His quizzes are so ridiculously specific, I would struggle even after taking notes on the lectures and book. TAs grade majority of the papers and take a ton of points off for one grammar mistake. I asked for help he would give me short responses and didn't seem to care about his students.
As a geog major, this was hands down the worst geog class I took at sdsu. Videos are long and unclear. Instructor is mostly into himself and talks a lot about his travels and his book, but not enough about course content. ALL papers are graded by TAs, online quizzes have weird questions about his favorite movies. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.
His online lectures are incredibly long and monotone. The quizzes are supposed to be questions from the lectures but its unclear. There's question's from the book but the syllabus doesn't say anything about reading sections. And heavy assignments for basically no points.
Tests were hard, lectures had nearly nothing to do with the tests, very inflexible, overall a terrible class... Professor Aitken is AWFUL!
this guy is horrible, worst class at SDSU by far, has passion but irrelevant
sucks
Hard, HArd, HArd. mission is to fail you, intimidating guy, tests are crazy
boring lectures, tests are impossible, turn in all assingnmets to pass class
He is extremely rude and unprofessional over email. He will give you attitude over a simple question about his website. He gives no partial credit and his entire class is based on a curve. It took our class at least a month just to understand his grading system.
He has this old website grading system which is difficult to understand at first and is so proud of it that we HAVE to only use that. >NO PARTIAL credit< At all, so if youre prone to little mistakes you are screwed (: other than that the material is quite easy to understand. He is not helpful in class at all but his videos help a bit.
Horrible
A+ ego and F- in every other category. The only pleasant experience youll get from his class is closing his atrocious 1997 websites.
This professor is so awful my rating couldn't fit within this post. So here is the summary - Ego bigger than Jeff Bezos' net worth - Must buy access to HIS BOOK & HIS WEBSITE + tuition - Has a kink for catching cheaters - Will belittle you - Awful response times - Inconsistent quiz answer keys and questions - not fun pastebin DOT COM rddAQaM4
1. Promotes not helping others in order to screw them out of a grade. 2. Participation is completely arbitrary. 3. Terrible person overall. Makes you pay for the book along with his website. 4. Does NOT use the school's email system or website. 5. Grades are arbitrary and hard to understand. 6. TA carries the class, hopefully they are good.
"Sooby" is the worst professor myself or any of my classmates have ever had. Don't even try to ask a question in his class. He will basically shut you down and ridicule you in front of the whole class. He sends out rude emails, passive aggressively threatens students with their grades, and talks down to everyone. Also his website sucks! AVOID!!!
professor is rude and unprofessonal. He reduced my grades becuase I infomred him about a typo on his quiz. He send too many long, rude and useless emails throughtout the course. He force you to pay for his outdated website in order to get grades in his class. His lectures are long, boring and useless. AVOID him as much as you can.
He unfortunately creates a hostile learning environment. Rude and condescending. Long emails. No partial credit. Only allows one way of learning, his website, which was built in '98 and its not user friendly at all. You'll spend most of your time trying to figure out his website instead learning the concepts. AVOID AVOID AVOID.
I am not impressed by the guy at all. I took the course online, over the summer. He's extremely long winded, and pretty unorganized with his thoughts. Also, the websites the students are required to use are a train wreck.
I took his class in 2006 (Not a typo). I can't believe he is still teaching. Awful professor. Needs to stop teaching and focus on his research aka website instead like he has been which seems like forever now. Thermodynamics is already hard as it is for many students.
Really difficult to understand his lectures. He seems to only cover overcomplicated concepts in class, hardly goes over example problems, his lecture slides are unreadable. Tends to talks down to students if you dont understand a simple concept. ClassTA and thermofluids and his competition grading system is a nightmare. TAKE SOMEONE ELSE!!!
Avoid at all cost
Worst engineering professor at SDSU. Completely shuns his students and puts himself, along with his faulty ClassTA website first over his own pupils. He considered dropping me just because I e-mailed him asking for simple help. Professors are supposed to help, or at least put effort to make their students learn and understand. This guy ain't it.
Studied extremely hard for Final and yet the final was nothing like HW or Quizzes. Parts of what is in some of the questions are completely irrelevant to the actual problem. Grading scale is confusing. Just quizzes, HW, & Final (8 Q's, 5 graded, said each would take only 10 min, no way!, on last day of classes so only an hour long) Don't take him.
Worst engineering class i have ever taken. The homework is not clear where we have to submit. The software that is suppose to keep track of you grade ect doesn not work properly. You havr to add a group manually that you want to join but it wont allow you to remove any old ones. NO HW SOLUTIONS ARE GIVEN! AVOID AVOID AVOID.
cannot write anything out legibly so going to class is pointless. when talked to outside of class he could not care less about his students. horrible professor that has stopped caring cause hes on tenure.
If you can take this class with another professor do it!
Avoid if you can.
If you can you should take this class with another professor. I agree with sad faced comments... Prof was unwilling to help me and I did put in an effort. She basically told me that she was unable to help me when I went to her office hours numerous times. Beware.
Interesting materials that we should know about taught by horrible teacher. Don't know why she is still teaching. Doesn't want to help the students. Expect the students to know what she knows. Very unfair grader. Boring class.
Hard class. She talks so fast and cant understand her. I studied hard for the test and wouldn't pass. Short answer, so its hard to raise your grade. Calls on people then corrects every thing they say. One big paper. topic interesting class sucks
alright, okay, alright okay. try counting how many times she says these two words. its more interesting than her lecture
You won't learn much, mostly about children learning language, too fast, unclear and unapproachable
Her english is terrible. You can barely understand what she says. She speaks way too fast. She doesn't like it when we record her lectures because she gets nervous. If this class isn't necessary, should take another professor. AWFUL PROFESSOR.Hard grader
This professor sucks. I had to take her twice. She is mean and looks down on you. She expects you to know the materials already. Duh, that's why we are here-learning. Her exams are short answers and you have to write according to her definitions.
she takes attendence but thats the only reason to go to class really. talk in discussion and do the assignments. definitely ask your TA questions because she doesn't really helpl at all. easy B but you really have to work for an A
Terrible. I hated going to this class. You learn absolutely nothing in the class but yet classes are mandatory. She shows you a bunch of pictures and your expected to learn from that. She makes you feel dumb if you try answering a question and get it wrong. She's definitely NOT afraid to call you out either. Still can't believe how terrible it was
Prior to taking this class, I loved american history...but this class was NOT history at all. It was primary source analysis 101. And the TA was terrrible!
Strasser doesnt believe in history textbooks because she thinks the info in them is all wrong, so, she changes historical events to what she thinks is "correct". And EVERY assignment is to analyze a historical document, which we never learn to do properly, so forget getting anything above a C. also the TA is unfair in grading! and hes a supernerd!
Don't be fooled; you're actually taking Historical Document Analyzation. If you want to look at Great Chicago Fire docs for three weeks and then jump 20 years, go ahead. The scope of this course is the size of a pin point. TA is unforgiving; his expectation of indepth analyzation is practically unreachable. Recommend if you don't like real history.
Beware of attendance! Work will be done in sections which was interesting as I had a great TA. Unfortunately, the work you do will count for only a small part of your final grade: I got nothing but A, A- or B+ for everything, B+ on the final too. I missed 3 lectures, no sections, wound up with a C- for in-class grade and got a B- in the course. :-/
Pointless Class..got lucky b/c i loved my TA, but the professor makes attendance mandatory and for what? she stands there and talks about the 7 books she's written in her life and i learned nothing about history from her..only the TA..easy B+ though at the very least
This course is for people who don't really care about history and just need the credit. The readings that she selected are great, aside from that, she did nothing else right in that course. In addition to being a bad teacher, she's a horrible and unapproachable person and is very hard to deal with. I would recommend taking someone else's class
seriously, dont take this professor if you want to learn about history. you learn nothing and somehow get a bad grade because her grading system is so dumb.
She is the grumpiest old lady i've ever seen!! Her lectures are pointless and you don't learn anything!! Attendence is mandatory because she knows no one would attend otherwise! Horrible professor. Waste of money for me and the university.
she was the absolute worst professor
She's kind of crazy but that makes her fun to be around. The problem is that she gives little instruction on papers and projects and then grades like it's Oxford or something. But it's not.
Very short tempered, not willing to fully explain issues
Gladys is the worst prof. I have ever had. She is absolutely terrible and deserves to be fired. Whoever gave her her PH.D. has no reason to be living..avoid her at all costs. She isn't helpful at all. Talks incredibly fast and class is extremely disorganized..no syllabus useage. Do not take Gladys White.
Know your Spanish before class, and be a quick person, otherwise you are guaranteed to fail. Gladys doesn't always have compassion for everyone, and it was present that she didn't always care for me. Instead of seeing gifts and talents, she looks for what she wants and goes about it her way. I do not recommend her unless you are fluent!!!!!!!!!!
Gladys puts you on the spot if she knows that you have trouble...if you are slow with your Spanish, she is guaranteed to get mad with you easily...Gladys doesn't fully care and her teaching is a bit odd...she is nice but gets crabby...She is unclear with assignments and gets you mixed up a lot...if you are missing an assignment, you are to blame :(
Gladys is so unclear it is hard to keep up with her...class is interesting but very interesting...Gladys is not the best teacher...if you have her as a teacher, I suggest getting a tutor so that the tutor can help you with what Gladys doesn't...Gladys is snappy if you are slower with the Spanish Language...kind of scary to go to Class...avoid her!!
doesnt explain the language very good at all.
Jabbers on and on.
Worst prof I've ever had 8-)
The lecture and textbooks aren't reviewed in depth for better understanding. His lecture is mainly based on his view of sociology and what matters most to him. He talks continuously and goes on and on and on and on and on............................. Overall, my understanding and interest in sociology has decreased while taking this course.
He is an interesting person but does not teach the material whatsoever. His tests are not connected to lecture. Reading and studying the class book will not suffice for the tests.
Has been teaching the same curriculum without updates sine the 70s. Very outdated in his teaching and viewpoints (sexism, gender roles). He is extremely stubborn and won't listen to students' opinions. Lectures are long and irrelevant; he just likes the sound of his own voice. Tests come straight from the book, don't bother listening in class.
Professor Makepeace makes his lectures feel like the longest lectures in the world.
Worst class I have ever taken, high school or college. My experience this semester was significantly worse because of this night class, so for those of you who had bad experiences having him every other day, I think you were lucky to only see him for 70 minutes at a time. He is an awful teacher, (I study education) stay away.
This prof is the worst prof you could ever possibly receive. Every single day he goes off on pointless tangents that have nothing to do with sociology. His tests are from the book but all of his questions are the most random, unimportant questions possible. Stay away from this class - it was a nightmare!
This was one of the worst profs I've taken. He was boring, went off on random tangents... I took it with this guy just to spite the negative comments of everybody else. Let me tell you, it wasn't worth it...
This is in fact the most boring person I've ever had to listen to. I hadn't thought it was possible for one person to just talk nonstop while ignoring questions. It's too late for me, but I hope someone else can save themselves!
Literally the WORST class I had in college. I wanted to be a Sociology major before this class, and I left avoiding the building entirely. the tests are total crap - Massive amounts of prep and you still might bomb. The guy is a tool.
Last year here, I have a job already, this guy has no structure, tests are no fair. You can get more wrong then right on them. All in all, worst class I have had here in 4 years.
This man should be commited. He is a horrible prof, everything bad that you read before this posting is true. He does not know how to teach, and is very unfair. He is the perfect example of a failure in tenurship and academic freedom. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! You have been warned!
****!!! I e-mailed him and he told me I was too sensitive. He doesn't like when people ask questions, it makes him nervous.
not helpful, doesn't answer questions, overall, may be most useless prof at St, John's
His tests cover absolutely nothing on the study guides. There is no syllabus and he is always adding extra reading assignments. He has you watch lots of outdated videos. However, class discussions are interesting.
This guy is no fun. He lectures all day every day. The tests cover 6 chapters from the book and the lectures. His idea of reviewing is to go through the book and tell you to highlight pretty much the first sentence of every paragraph. Avoid this class
It is unbelievable that they allow this man to teach! A prof is tenured and he has no responsibilities or guidelines to follow? Inconsiderate to students and incoherent to today's issues. He should move back to Ireland--SJU would be a better place.
He makes you take tons of notes, but the tests come right from the book. He makes a point one day and contradicts himself the next. Skip the class if he teaches it.
Confusing, random, and all-around creepy. Avoid at all costs.
Boo this man!
If you are willing to pay the per credit cost to have someone make you laugh then go for it. If you want to get something other than a date out of the class, not a good choice
If you have self-esteem issues, you should take this class. Everyone makes the team, and you get a guarantee that you won't be the dumbest person in the room - because the professor will be. You will learn tried and true SJU values like "not working hard", "avoiding conflict no matter how ridiculous the consequences" and other gems from this legend
Halfway through the semester and nothing makes sense. If somehow I could magically understand every equation he writes on the board. I Liked physics and 207 was a breeze and got nothing lower than a 98 on an exam. Mulders is the epitome of awful and should be looked at by thy hierarchy at UD! He should be held accountable for what he is not doing!
if you want easy b+s with virtually no learning, **** beverages every night, and being surounded by smoke, go to argentina with mulders. if you want to learn something about physics, do something else with your winter session. and if you want used copies of the textbooks, email me.
Pros: personable; class attendance not required; makes some topics interesting w/ examples; some EC. Cons: I gained little from class time (long, drawn out practice problems); tests are difficult & bad format: 4 MC (math/eqs. - NO concepts) & 2 longer problems; online HW unintuitive; took 10+ days to respond to email; lab TAs are unclear (foreign)
He will purposely lower your grade if you are doing good to make it "even"
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH BARRY HE IS A TERRIBLE TEACHER! He is very smart but he does not explain things well. The tests are 4 multiple choice 2 short answer and the multiple choice are impossible. Nothing from lectures are on the test and reading the textbook doesn't help. Get out while you still can.
As a physics major, taking this class was HORRIBLE. Barry is a terrible teacher. Derivations are not shown. Much math is skipped. It is an easy grade but unless you really study the TEXT, this class is near useless. It is obvious Walker doesn't care what you learn, he cares what you THINK of him. Obviously a sniveling attention-seeker. BAD teacher
This guy simply cannot teach... drop this course when you can ... RUN
His teaching style sucked, but his TA was good & he was pretty easy
moves extremely fast not the professor you want to have when taking misy 261
She is unclear in what we are expected to do. She gives no examples and does a very poor job at explaining things. I strongly suggest any other teacher besides this one for misy261.
Monk is the most condescending teacher at the University of Delaware. She doesn't care about if the students are understanding the material, she strives to show off her MISY prowess and then continues without them. Completely unclear on what she wants for the group projects and if you come to talk to her about anything she will talk down to you
Awful person and awful professor
Very boring and not helpfull
Easy grade, so she gets good ratings on this, but lacks moral fiber. Take her class and get an A, but risk her turning you in to judicial affairs like the twenty somewhat kids she did that to this semester
Worst teacher at Udel. A/B student untill this class. It's an easy class but makes hard. Her way or no way. Only ACCT160 teacher w/ no extra credit or no curving test. Seems nice but awful human being.
the worst teacher, totally unhelpful, unfair tests, sucks
Very unreliable
RUN AWAY! (this is coming from a 4.0 student that will probably get an A in his class, 100% on midterm consider that). Also, you will learn more about computer history (great if you are also taking MISY160 :D) than actual finance (you will end up teaching everything yourself). Oh, and his 1970 mainframe had an 8inch floppy and ran at 4 Megahertz...
awful professor and does not care about the well being of his students. do NOT take 312 with him..
worst teacher at the school i've had so far
Bad Guy + Bad Teacher = Stay away
The beard, the stories, the naptime! Class is the biggest waste of time. Notes online (dont' need them either). Just buy the review book and accept your B-.
Dont take Detweiler. He gives the hardest tests, completely wastes class time and never lets you out of class early. He will continue to ramble about nothing even though half the class is asleep.
He is the worst worst professor i ever saw in my whole life. His exams are impossible.
Worst professor I ever saw in my life… stay away from him if you can
nice guy but the worst teacher ive had at UD, tests are impossible and irrelevant, class is boring, reads straight from slides, case studies take forever, obvious he has fav students when grading tests... so if you cant avoid him, kiss his ass
This guy trys his best to be funny, but certanly doesnt do his best to teach
If I could offer any advice-DO ANYTHING not to take Timothy Detwiler!
Dear Detwiler,I got the PP slides with the book!Thanks for wasting my time. AHHH
WORST teacher I EVER had!!! DOES NOT TEACH. Do yourself a favor-DO NOT TAKE HIM
Tests very hard, doesn't go over what to study, not helpful, funny,
useless, u learn nothing, knows nothing....,partial.....
he is teaching all outdated basic networking stuff with stupid examples.
I actually think less of UT because of this class and this professor. Worthless on both fronts and completely favors the athletes and people she knows. The rest of the class is just given random grandes and this coming from someone who somehow fell ass first into an A. One of the girls in my group had a 4.0 and ended up with a C! What a sham.
She's an okay public speaker but shouldn't be teaching a class of this caliber. Really outgoing and annoyingly fake. Walks around class with her slide changer remote and gives either a lecture about herself or motivational speech (30 mins, then TRYS to teach statistics - Class should be totally restructured, can't say why but my least favorite prof
The business fair sucked. I had a great group, and it still sucked. Tons of work, but if you don't suck up to her, or have athletes in your group, or both, your effort will probably go unnoticed. I made an A in the class, so I "can't" complain. But I learned virtually nothing, except that "it's not who you know, it's who knows you." ~Literally, I got that from her. If you have to take it, its really not THAT bad, just be prepared for what's to come.
Her project at the end of semester was such a pain!
One of the most pointless and irrelevant classes at UT. I had it in the summer, without that worthless project, but it still was horrible. Sorry to all your future Foundations students.
Definitely the worst class. Has no interest in teaching info systems, only wants to remind you what a great person she is. Tests were never hard but group project was most nightmarish, worthless experience. Very special attention and aid given to sports players.
Assumes everyone in the class has the intellect of a mouse.
The last straw was when she could not report our grades until months after the class was over. The tireless self-promoter has no time for anyone unless you are in athletics. In my opinion she acted in a rude and unprofessional manner
Without a doubt the worst class I have taken at UT. The class has very little to do with MIS and a lot with interpersonal communications. Dr Cleveland came across to me as an ego driven teacher that has her best interests in mind rather than that of the
The worst class and professor to ever come to UT. Take this class in summer school, or take the alternatives which is MIS 310 and STA 309. She doesn't care about her students- unless you are an athlete.
Extremely tough professor. No matter how much you try to understand by reading the text, you will still not understand. His exams are not even close to the book; therefore, impossible to study for. I have tried so hard to pass, and I failed... My average GPA is 3.7. I tried so hard to pass and without feedback its impossible. Do not take this class
Same person as last review, I'm not done: Vician rambles on the entire class in a way reminiscent of senility. He brags about where he went to college so much that I actually checked if he got accredited because I couldn't believe it from his teaching. We didn't learn any actual philosophy; this class is just an indoctrination into his beliefs
I could say so much. All I'll say is just sit there and try not to fall asleep. Try not to take him too serious bc he's old and VERY closed minded. I have no idea how he's been teaching philosophy this long. (&he's soo rude)
He is irrelevant and very biased. Don't disagree with him over anything, there's no point in arguing because it is his way or you're automatically labeled as an imbecile and he'll be biased in grading you following the disagreement. He references the sciences often but cannot be bothered to get his basic physics, biology, and chemistry facts right.
This teacher is not very reasonable. Arrogant as all get-out. I was set for an A in his class, but couldnt stand listening to him. He rambled about his own greatness, and spend time demeaning others. Found a different teacher. This one wasnt worth my time.
Hypocrite, teaches one thing and then acts another. Very boring lectures. Tangential rambler. Good luck.
He wasn't a good teacher, and didn't seem interested in being one. He's smart, and he knows it. He's very arrogant and likes to talk about himself all day instead of teach. Your grade is based only on 9 tests, so its hard to do good. Hes not very open to questions or disagreements, he just laughs at you. Take another philosophy teacher!
Vician the Vicious... He makes you rewrite an entire philosphy book in your own words.
Vician sometimes gets off the track but usually stays on course in his lectures. Some of his story examples are very enlightening.
THIS TEACHER IS OFFENSIVE BECAUSE HE EXPLOITS HIS POLITICAL BELIEFS IN CLASS, AND AS I RECALL I TOOK PHILOSOPHY, NOT POLITICS. HES A DICK HEAD, AND HE'S ABOUT AS FUNNY AS A DOOR NAIL. HE'S DRY, AND BITTER. DONT TAKE HIS CLASS, YOU'LL DROP IN THE FIRST DAY BECAUSE YOU'RE NODDING OFF IN CLASS CAUSE HE JUST GOES ON STUPID TANGENTS FOR 50 MINUTES. HE DOESN'T TALK ABOUT ANYTHING THAT MATTERS AND MAKES THE SUBJECT INCREDIABLY BORING. HE'S REALLY IRRITATING. SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR A TEACHER THATS WORTH LEARNING FROM.
Good Lord, I have never had such a ridiculous class before. The hw is PARAPHRASING, not SUMMARIZING, thus should you not understand the reading, it doesn't matter, because all you gotta do is reword it. Vician is also very vague, talking about anything BUT the subject. Ugh.
worst prof i've ever had. made **** and racial remarks. attempts to "teach" by putting down students and insulting them. grades arbitrarily and spends most of class time reciting stories from his past. don't take this class... EVER.
OMG! he's such a HORRIBLE teacher! His exams are crazy difficult, he doesn't even go over the material revelant to the course. He'll talk about ANYTHING else but the class; from monkeys to pres. Bush. DON'T BOTHER TAKING HIS CLASS; phil 4 isn't even part of GE requirements.
Imagine you're cruising down the 280 on your motorbike when you hit a skunk. Imagine the skunk essence getting all over you and your bike. That's Vician. Arbitrary. Plays favorites. Downgrades those he doesn't like. Makes "unkind remarks" about women, ethnic groups. Joe Bob says pass him up.
He gets F. He talked about himself & not the subject. Was insensitivite to his students. He didn't provide skills to succeed in the class. He showed open hostility to students who asked questions & only cared to prove them wrong. Don't voice an opinion that differs from his or he will embarass you.
never ever take his class, his a pain in the ass , the tests are so damn hard , very much conceded , has an attitude , cant even make jokes
He is so bad. Only talks about himself. Tests are way too hard. First test based on memorization. Enough said. he sucks. and he's boring
His test are soo hard! Many people take him the beggining but 70% of them drop the class cuz he is THAT HARD. He talks too much about himself. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
Anything good that is posted here is defenitely written by Vician himself.He's so full of himself and talks about himself in class more than the subject.Tests are really hard and the final is a killer.Do not take him, unless u want to flunk!
DO NOT TAKE COURSE. He tells not funny jokes and then leaves pregnant pauses for people to respond. His voice is bad, he bragged a lot. He would spend 4EVA on a problem on the board, screw up, spend 4EVA getting out of it, then after lots of shame say,
teacher is boring, tests are hard, talks a lot about other things (suv's) other than philosophy, don't recommend him
All he does is tell stories about his personal life. 1/10 of the class he teaches. The tests are ridiculously easy and the class is a giant waste of time. A nice 5 unit UC transferrable A though.
do NOT take this teacher! he is ridiculously boring and hard. He is always off topic and he is not open to others opinions, he'll ask, and then shoot them down and say 'No, you're WRONG!' all he does everyday is go thru the book and highlight stuff.
His lectures are worthless. Got an A in the class cause I'm good at BSing in the writing. Gives off the feeling that he's too good to be here and we're too stupid to comprehend him. Has a small # of favorites, and those are the ones that rate him highly.
Whoever said Philosphy was hard took him! He lectures and lectures about irrevelant materials that are not subject to the tests. Tests are ridiculously HARDDDD!!! The highest grade on the test was a 70% and sometimes 75%...go figure.
My biggest mistake in this Deanaza was to chooset his teacher. I've written a total of 0.7 inch think paper (times 11pt, 1.5 spacing). He literally teaches nothing. It was a complete waste of time for me to take his class.
Frankly, a jerk. Told us all on the first day not to bother complaining, he had tenure. On one test the highest score was a 35%, if you can believe it. Self-absorbed and arrogant. Don't waste your time, take the subject with someone else.
teacher shows up whenever he feels like it, more often than not he is late. knowledgable and willing to help, but only if you can find the time to ask a question between all of his bragging and ranting. hard class, but you'll learn alot
Professor Martin is very unorganized: deadlines are never the same and change often, sometimes homework questions weren't posted, and lectures don't seem to relate to the quizzes. You can't go back and see what you did on pervious quizzes to review for the final exam. And there are very few grades: just weekly quiz grades, homework, and the final.
Martin lawrence is old as hell and he stumbles over half the words he says. in an online class room he struggles to even create a PowerPoint that goes in order or has headings. your grade is only quizzes. his final is compromised of the questions the class missed most. however there is no study guide or way to view what questions you got wrong.
This man speaks in riddles. He is completely unorganized and a terrible teacher.
Overall, this class was terrible!! Heavy emphasis on statistics. Didn't really understand how economics played a role. Not organized. Boring.
A useless talking head that preaches about things that aren't relevant to the exam. The textbook barely helps and the quizzes are so loosely connected to his lectures it's like being in a different class. Absolutely useless. Never take his class.
Absolutely the worst teacher I've ever encountered. No book, doesn't teach and then tests you as if he's provided both of these. The quizzes are basically in a foreign language and there are no resources or guidelines for studying or even teaching yourself. DO NOT TAKE THIS WITH HIM AT ALL COSTS. If you do you will regret it!!!!
Doesn't teach well, no book. Good luck learning on your own.
MOST HORRIBLE PROFESSOR EVER! Yeah he's a nice person but he shouldn't be allowed to teach. Doesn't require a book so you would assume that he would accurately teach the class. But no, he just rants about irrelevant crap. Oh and quizzes are impossible. GOOD LUCK FENDING FOR YOURSELF!
i wish i could gie him a zero on helpfulness...
Pointless, pointless class. She never stays on topic, and having to dress up every Thursday is a major waste of time. She completely ignores all restaurant aspect of "HRIM". If you are interested in anything other than managing a hotel, you won't learn anything. And Pam is really, really annoying.
this class makes me want to change my major. doesnt talk about anything but hotels. ignores anything restaurant related, so its not much of a HRIM thing just a HIM thing. its completely rediculous. i recommend not coming to class.
she has no knowledge about technology. every class she takes forever to set up her computer. she doesnt give very good notes. she relys on the textbook website. thinks she is humorus but really i just wanna puke. do not like her at all.
he is a freako because i don't understand a word he is saying
Made me drop the class because I was hospitalized for a few weeks, despite me having documentation and being protected by Disability services. Not understanding at all. Would just ramble during his lectures to fill the hour. READ A LOT!!! Very odd grading, and not clear with criteria and points at all. Do not take.
I would not recommend taking this professor. He requires you to lead class and has so many rules on what you can and can't do. You will only get an A if he thinks your work is what he would do. He is very rude towards his students and expects too much. Be prepared to talk in every class. Everything is wrong if its not his opinion.
This the worst professor I have ever had. Expects way too much from students. Professor is very disrespectful to students. Professor talks about how he has a phobia of Jews and Israelis. No matter what situation you are in do not take this Professors class, it will be the worst experience you ever have.
Prof Alvarez is a nice person. As a professor, he is not very good. He calls people out and expects too much from a 200 level course. I came into the semester as an English major and now have changed to Group Social Studies because of his teaching style. He is available and encourages office hours but he is very harsh if your writing is not his.
Participation and attendance matter big time with him. You will want to read deeply and come to class prepared to say something every single time. He calls on students who don't have their hands raised frequently. He's very hard to please when it comes to writing papers. He expects more than a 200 level course. I don't recommend Professor Alvarez.
I REALLY wanted to love this class, I REALLY wanted to love this teacher, but just.... no. I am an "A" writer and the comments he wrote on papers made me feel like utter garbage. IS NOT HELPFUL in his office hours at ALL. Didn't explain or elaborate the comments. Although I got B's in the class, I felt I deserved better. Would not recommend.
He's a terrible professor. He offers next to no help. He never gives a clear assignment so no one in our class knows if what they are doing is correct. He doesn't know how to plan he says we are always strapped for time. If he could plan then e would not be strapped for time. He also does not teach the subject he supposed to teach.
SOO borning. you read books and more books and more books. DONT TAKE!!! you never know what you are getting in his class...if you do take participate a lot in the discussions
This teacher gong no where all term, then when you get your grades you are shocked to see that he is nothing like you thought. Take a teacher where you see some feed back all term.
Elitist jerk. If you aren't already as smart as her she will treat you as such. Isn't a teacher supposed to help a student see the light beyond the curtain? She fails as a teacher. AVOID!
She not approachable. She loves to laugh at students disabilities in front of other students. She is unethical.
I had an illness late in the semester and attempted to make many appointments/phone calls to his office to discuss an incomplete. He did not return my calls until after and told me it was too late and failed me.
One of the worst professors I've ever had. He is so old and slow and you doesn't make any sense. We only had one test during the semester which he didnt prepare us for and nearly everyone of us failed. Thankfully he just gave us the answers to the final which brought my grade back up. He doesnt give work, but I'd still take someone else.
This man is a kind person and has somewhat a sense of humor but teaches a boring class. I wouldn't take it if you want to actually learn and get something out of it or if you want an easy class because his tests are tough and he does not review in class.
this was the most boring class of my life. i seriously think he read straight from the Bible and taught nothing.
This was the WORST class i have ever had. This was another Old Testament Survey that just didnt cover past the first 5 books. He lost tests and couldnt carry on a decent conversation. Very demeaning, called students "dummies" if they didnt agree
WORST PROFESDOR EVER. STAY AS FAR AWAY AS YOU CAN! He emailed grades out but when you check UIS he changed them by lowering the grades! Do not take him!!!
THE WORST PROFESSOR YOU CAN EVER TAKE AT ST JOHNS UNIVERSITY,HE IS SO RUDE AND HELPLESS WHENEVER YOU ASK HIM ANYTHING HE MAKES FUN OF YOU AND GUESS WHAT HE DOESNT CURVE AT ALL, HIS EXAMS ARE A COMPLETE OPPOSITE OF WHAT HE TEACHES I STUDIED SO MUCH AND BARELY PASSED HIS CLASS STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS SICK PROFESSOR!
He is one of the toughest biochemistry professors..it's not easy to get an A in his class and you have to attend every single lecture, take good notes and never ask him what's on the test because he will tell you the complete opposite...avoid him if u can!!!
i agree with the rating before mine. the only advice i can give to future students is to do all of the extra credit questions he gives during class, they really help.
He can't teach and his tests are completely erratic...you spend the whole day studying one chapter and nothing from that chapter appears on the test. And for the person that said to get his old exams...yeah don't even bother...they didn't do much because he has changed his tests dramatically.
You might as well just take a D or F and go home. Don't even think about trying to do well with Dr. Stephani b/c you won't. He's unclear, his notes are retarded and most of all, he wants you to know things that only graduate Biochem students need to know. Better drop him while you can! for those who already has him, GET HIS OLD EXAMS!!they help!
Why Birds do not urinate? what the f is that?This guy doesn't know what he's doing in the class. Stay far away from him. Better take ochs for biochem.
Run as far as you can!!! Cause his tests make no sense and you 'll just have to drop his class like more than half of his students do each year. I'm warning you!!
Stay away if you can. He is so bad that more than half of the class w/d .
This guy was absolutely horrible. Do not take him at all. No curve. Exams don't have material from class or text book. Everyone ended up dropping out of his course.
VERY DIFFICULT UNLESS YOUR A GENIUS AND KNOW WHAT YOU'RE LEARNING!!
one word...retire
HARD TEACHER, DON'T MISS CLASS MEMORIZE NOTES AND STUDY OLD EXAMS...THE ONLY WAY TO PASS
very hard...boring and drawn out classes
I love stats - despite him. I got a B+ - despite him. He's the worst prof that I had at Cedarville. I had worse teachers, but they made up for it some by being pleasant to be around. I can't say the same of him. If you're one of his favorites, he's probably great. The rest of the students though are looked upon with contempt. Take the CLEP test.
Worst prof ever. Cant teach worth anything, and worst of all doesnt care. Tries to trick you on tests, and marks you off if you dont do it exactly his way. SO GLAD HE IS RETIRING!
This is a joke if I ever saw one...and I don't mean the class. This professor may know alot but NEWS FLASH ---it means jack sqat when you can't communicate. Cannot teach. PERIOD. Why he is the department chair? Well, look around at the business department. Not many better options there either.
This man was the most dry, unhelpful person I've had to date.
Bad communicator, bad at relating to students.
He was absolutely the most ineffective professor i have ever had. I believe he is the most unChristian like professor at Cedarville. He does not explain, help, or motivate students. I WOULD AVOID AT ALL COSTS. if u have potential, he will try to fail you.
Can't Communicate.
Glad I'm though with him.
He is great as a person, but ineffective as a professor.
Doane is probably the worst teacher I have ever taken since my four years of being in college. She is unbelievably boring!!! If you want to pass this class than don't bother thinking or forming your own opinion because it will not be accepted. For exams she literally give students what to say and if you don't agree too bad. TERRIBLE!!!
Dr. Thorpe is a terrible teacher; the worst teacher I have ever had. He is hard to understand, flies through the material, and makes no sense. His test questions are designed to trick you. Thorpe should be banned from UD.
His exams have nothing on them that he teaches in class. He only gives you definitions which are not on the exams. If you can, avoid taking this class.
Test are very hard, he is mean..dont have him
Very hard to uderstand, very confusing,gets frustrated too easily
In 3 weeks I've been assigned 3 chapters in the textbook, 38 papers to read (some stretching over 20 pages), 3 hour long videos to watch, and a test that covered snippets of each part of it. I'm a straight A student, but this class has left me entirely clueless. For the love of god, don't take this professor unless you want to fail.
Formatting should never be taken as seriously as it is in this class. I answered the questions for the first assignment with "too basic a response" to the most basic possible questions. I'm a straight A student but I'll be dropping this class as soon as possible. Save yourself the headache, don't take this teacher.
Professor Ziembo-Vogl is an incredibly picky grader. When taking tests, I was more worried about her ridiculous requirements than the actual content of the test. She often took 1-2 weeks to grade assignments, which I thought was excessive. The content covered for the class was valuable but I would not take this professor again.
Took her for my first college classes ever (CJ101 and CJ201 online.) Emailed her once because I had a question and I made the mistake of calling her "Ms. Ziembo-Vogl." She emailed back rather rudely telling me to call her "Dr." or "Professor." In addition her exams are hard, it took a lot of notes and studying to get an A. Good luck with this one.
Don't take her!!!!!!!
She is a horrible professor. Hands down worst I've ever had. I'm a deans list student with a 3.7 gpa and I received a C- in this class. I studied just as much if not more for this class as I would for another class that I would easily get an A in. Do not take her, you'll regret it everyday.
I have never had such a horible prof in my life before. I'm an all a student and got a b-. i studied for hours and i enjoyed this subject so much. She absolutely ruined this class for me. when i asked her a question she would say "go look in your syalbus" just rude, and inconsiderate. take anyone but her. she has 2 exams and 4 quizes they are hard!
I was very interested in this class but quickly became my lesat favorite class.It is geared toward CJ students even though a small precentage are CJ majors. Professor Ziembo-Vogl will try to scare you out of the class the first day. She is extremely feminist and is very quick to shut people down if you dont agree with her. Overall a horrible class.
Awful person to look at and be around! Super bad teacher, worst teacher i have had in the 35 classes ive taken at GVSU.
Uses only power point presentations and is ungodly boring. Community policing doesn't need to be taught anymore. Maybe it did back in the sixtys but now this class is totally outdated. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS.
Did not learn anything, she is not a good prof. very hard class, do not take her if you do not have to.
She does not "teach" only depends on power-point and constant lecturing--does not allow for other opinions--very defensive if her authority is questioned.
She is an awful little hunchback creature, she is the CJ system, do not challange her, if you can do not have her as a prof. she lives in tawas, so she is never around. Also her analogies&stories are useless and destracting
Her tests are very hard...so is she overall grading!
I wish I could agree with the reviewers from earlier years but his english is not acceptable for a professor these days.Average grade on midterm was 62, final was 92 because the department probably put a lot of pressure on him after many complaints about his poor communication skills.The book was not much help either,so expect to go to office hours
Massive curve....rock the midterm, and you get a bi on the final! speaks no eng.
He is the worst professor I have ever had. Told me to drop the class because I was struggling, rather than try to help. His midterm had material he didn't go over, and he grades HARD, like 10 points for not putting an answer in correct form hard. Do yourself a favor, and stay away from this guy.
Worst math professor I've ever had! Goes through the problems way too quickly & skips so many steps, only does half the problem when going over hw. Takes off so many points on tests for stupid things. On one test I got every answer right except for one but still only got a 52. When I questioned it he got mad & told me to get out of the classroom
He is actually the worst professor I've ever had. He doesn't give any extra help. On tests he takes off 20 points if you get part of a question wrong even if the answer is right. He claims he gives partial credit and to talk to him after class but when he talks to you after class yells at you and says that's the way he grades. Terrible Professor.
Professor seems nice but he is not. Does lot of mistakes while working out his problems on the board, however he takes lot of points if you do a single sign error on the exam. Tough grader, won't take it again for any reason.
confusing because he himself is confused.harsh grader.Appears to be nice but beware! Your points will vanish for + or - mistakes and not writing out the meanings of symbols such as iff.He belongs in Noah's ark for his methods are archaic.It's time for him to retire!
STAY AWAY from this professor. He is horrible and cannot teach to save his life. Most people did bad in his class but actually it's him that can't teach. Let's just put it this way, GET A TUTOR OR GET OUT!
this is the worst teacher i have ever had. he does not care about his students. homework is online and graded and prob wont help out your grade.. takes stupid points off tests- took points off for not labeling the x and y axis on a graph. class participation counts only if you go up to the board. horrible teacher. your gpa will drop after this clas
This class was a hard one. I don't know how i passed it. He puts the B in boring. He is a stickler for grading. If you make one simple mistake, its minus 30 points on your test. Avoid him in possible
I cant believe the guy is still teaching. Toward the end, so many people drop b/c he goes too fast and doesn't explain enough. ZzzzZzzz...can't even stay awake in his class.
kinda boring, and u don't really learn anything. Plus a harsh grader
This man teaches himself and not the class. He is not helpful during his office hours and the class is boring. He needs to back to school to learn better people skills. I taught myself throughout the entire semester.
I hated his class!!!! I was awful! Unfortunately, If you are music major you have no way of not being graced by his presence. Dr. "Bill" will try hsi best to weed out all the music majors he thinks can't handle it. So if you hve him for A-Skills I...watch out!
The worse professor ever!
I had a B at the progress report, but I lost my folder right before we had to turn in a giant analysis portfolio project and I failed. Guy's an ass
He's confusing. Does not explain things well. Is not cooperative. Worst teacher I've EVER had. He should not be teaching anywhere.
This is the worst teacher ever. He changed the syllabus everyday.
he is rude and not worth the trouble.
Awful. Refused to help those who needed it. He was an example of why I left BG.
Dr. Lake accused me of sleeping with my TA. That ought to be enough to tell you what kind of character he has. He has a BAD policy on attendence, and usually swears at, and accuses each class of cheating, at least once a semester. I would suggest avoiding him if at all possible.
This guy is a complete ASS. I tried really hard, and got really sick last few weeks of classes-- flunked me and told me he knew that I knew the material. I've also heard him say he likes weeding students out of the music program to another professor. Too bad that's not his job. If you aren't a masochist, avoid him like the plague.
What an arrogant prick! This guy loves to feel power over undergrads struggling with theory and ear training for the first time. Get a life, how hard is it to be past your career mid point and be so insecure you have to demean others to feel good? Sadly its hard to avoid him, there are few options at BGSU!
not the best at communicating
Yeah... if you want a 4.0 avoid Dr. Lake. He seems to love giving people B-s.
he is good at finding a way to put you in a lose/lose situation. avoid this guy if at all possible!
Terrible teacher. A big jerk who will find a way to screw you with a week left. Even you, A students.
He has the personality of wood.
An plague on this campus. No mercy, no soul, no concern for student's progress.
Man needs a new hearing aid. but openbook final got me an A. good cookies!
English 100 is the worst English course I have ever taken.Theory is something you either love or hate (I hated it).You might as well take this professor because he's better than Warminski. You must attend class and you have to take very detailed notes. I'm an A/B student and I studied my ass off for this class, but still got a B-
he knows all about acct- just not how to teach it
FLIES through the material so fast that only he can understand it. Handwritten examples are useless because of his completely unreadable handwriting. Very knowledgeable about accounting but really really struggles to convey that knowledge to students. Take class with Clem if possible.
I do not like Maz as a teacher at all. He's probably a decent guy, but can't stand his lectures. Stopped attending class halfway through and just went to SI. Be sure to go to SI, my instructer did a much better job teaching. Maz flies through the material, has horrible handwriting, and lectures as if you already know what he's talking about. Beware
He goes SO fast! He was confusing and wrote so fast on the board that you could barely even see his arm move. It was a blur. I dropped the class. Quizzes were extrememly easy and tests were decent. Must go to SI to understand the material and pray for a good SI leader, because you'll need one!
Jerk of a guy, unhelpful, and the clas is boring! The tests are very hard. On top of a hard class, he's a difficult professor, and not very nice.
Worst teacher I have ever had.
Basically the TAs in the plant center do most of the teaching. One the of the toughest classes I've taken thus far at Iowa State. Weekly quizzes are such a pain. If you are not an agronomy major, do not take this class.
If you ever have an option to take a different econ I would recommend it
Not a good teacher disrespectful and does not slow down your hand will be feeling it in the morning his tests aren't that bad his review sessions got really lengthy and your brain will hurt but it is recommended you go to them but overall not a good teacher
He started out being a pretty cool teacher but the more we got into it, the more people didn't like him. He goes way too fast. not only that.He claims he curves grades but he really doesn't. He told us first day of class an A is 88 B 77 C 60 and D 50 but he didn't tell us those were minuses so he really didn't curve them also no curve semester test
Really an awful professor, most likely wrote a lot of these reviews himself, which would account for the large number of them.. Very unclear teaching style while giving little or no help to students.
It seems pretty clear to me in looking at all these "reviews" that the majority of them are written by Mr. Alexander himself. I really doubt every person would cooment that he is great and that a textbook is not used. He is the type tat would do such a thing. Over 35 people failed his class in my session, and his lectures are confusing and boring.
I went in for help after the first test and he told me there was nothing he could do to help. I left with no sense of what I needed to do to improve my grade. He is a terrible teacher. I ended up minoring in Econ and avoided his classes the rest of my college career. Terrible teacher.
if you don't have to have him as a prof, DON"T he sucks!!!
Econ is very difficult the way that he teaches it. Concepts aren't that important, graphs are and that doesn't help you much with the economics concept. Not too helpful and is moody when questions are asked.
he is very hard and he is a jerk to anyone that ask questions.
Arrogant. Mean. Horrible at explaining things. Very difficult tests. Doesn't use a book it's all from his notes (we have to assume that it's all correct). Makes you feel stupid if you ask a question. Wears a stupid little hat.
terrible...
Hardest class I ever took. Tests were way too hard. W/o curve, half the class would have failed
not helpful at all; did badly on a test, his advice Study harder.
He sucks terribly
Complete jerk, was very unhelpful, called me laughable, and said i was stupid
First time it calc 3 for econ was offered at Northeastern. Prof. Gaffney really means well, however the way he teaches the course will ruin you if you are not a genius. He dives into anything he wants to and takes examples straight out of textbook. No fluidity in what he teaches. He is helpful with office hours. 15 kids started, 7 finished course
He might be the worst teacher I have ever had. He hardly ever used examples in his lectures. He never told you when anything was coming up, especially tests. HIs whole class was just running you through proofs for the equations that you need to know, and not actually showing you how to use the equations.
Quizzes are meant to hurt your grade, only a few questions, and he tries to trick you. He puts stuff on the quizzes that were focused on during lectures. Doesn't drop the lowest grade. This class will drop your GPA which is used to get you a good job. His lectures are terrible, he puts up a bunch of definitions, not many examples.
You have a lot of options for Calc 3, just avoid Gaffney, and you will be fine!
Avoid him for sure!
I got an A- in the class but im not some teachers pet that would overrate this professor. Hes a bad teacher. His Tests are unfair, and his homework takes forever but doesn't help for quizzes. Hes very unorganized and has messy writing. However he does write the final so you're not shocked when you see it. He enjoys tricking students. Very stressful
Hes kind of a schlemeil. Very disorganized and unkempt. Goes by the syllabus and has no feel for the class. Too High school-ish. gives hw every night and grades it the next day. Quizzes are hard, tests are harder. not the worst, but far from the best
Although Cahill is entertaining, he can be very offensive and personally attack his students. He never actually takes attendence, but uses random quizzes to track who comes to class. This is where i got really screwed! His tests are hard, be sure to read the book-even tho he doesnt assign any reading. I got very tired of dealing with him in the end
One of the worst teacher's I have ever had in my 20+ years. Does his best to make his students do badly and he doesn't have a clear understanding of what students learning abilities.
His class doesn't seem bad at first. Material seems straightforward and you actually understand it. Then you see the test and realize you were wrong. His exams are typically only 1-3 questions long and the final is like 6 questions. The exams are graded very harshly. Lectures are very boring and repetitive and I personally learned more on my own.
His notes are impossible to read. His lecture is just you sitting there and him reading something to you he wrote 50 years ago in chicken scratch. He is older than dirt and I wouldn't be in the least suprised if he croaks during a lecture one day.
I would not recommending ever taking this professor. his notes are like deciphering code and lectures do not help at all. reads off notes and extremely hard to follow. gives no examples. if he doesn't like you he will fail you. don't show up late. don't leave early. don't fall asleep in class. does not explain any of the material. DO NOT TAKE CLASS
MG is amazingly smart and logical. During this semester he turned sour. Our average grade in the class was a low D and he showed no remorse. His grading is arbitrary and his tests are a crapshoot. Be careful with this "sweet" old man's class.
If you can think of an animal more impressive than a lion you should definitely take him. That didn't make much sense did it, HA. I do not recommend.
This class was really challenging for a non-major. It was advertised as being a Baccore class but without previous forestry knowledge it was very difficult. Ended up SUing it because there was so much material we were expected to know in such a short period of time.
Not very helpful. Can't trust her about her suggested reading topics for the exams.
Contradicts himself often with assignment requirements, overall unclear and clutters your schedule with useless busy work. Too bad no one else teaches this course.
Dr. Clinton is outdated and out of touch with the world. He doesn't understand how to respect his students, let alone any idea he doesn't agree with. I resented going to class since he couldn't be bothered to pronounce my name right (with a class of 10 people) and constantly told my peers that our generation is the problem with the world. Awful!
Professor Clinton is more interested in proselytizing students to his peculiar worldview than he is about teaching them anything about politics. The worst professor ever!
Clinton was a terrible professor. He is rude to any student who does not agree with his worldview. He is insulting to all the students as well. For example, one time my class had not done well on a quiz. He then told us how stupid and ignorant we all were. I never took another class from him again. The class I took was required.
Horrible.
Bad
An extremely biased, libral, man who only cared about furthing his own viwes and text book.
Prof. Clinton is an over opinionated grumpy close minded man. He allows no discussion over topics, he simply thinks he is right and everyone else is wrong. His leftist bullying is tired and does not inspire any student to succeed. The liberals in class drool while the rest of normal people sigh!
I'm not gonna say he's "stupid" like others have, thats not why I rated him bad. I rated him bad because he refuses to look at any situation objectively. I'm conservative, but really, I could be taught by a liberal if they were objective, and he
It's time to just retire already. THIS GUY IS BITTER AND LIBERAL. WHAT GOOD IS KNOWLEDGE WHEN NO ONE CAN STAND TO LISTEN TO YOU TALK ABOUT IT?
Mr. Clinton is one of the least intelligent and most biased professors I have ever seen. Very closed-minded.
not nice
Courses full of marxist propaganda which he wishes students to simply regurgitate on assignments. Once he said that Latin America needed a true marxist revolution after which everyone could plant potatoes. Darn, why didn't they think of that!
The worst decision and experience. Unbelievably hard and unclear about definitions. All the notes you take are from the words he says, no written definitions. Gave off an arrogant vibe. Somewhat unapproachable. Do not take this teacher if you want a good grade.
BOOOOOOOOORING prof...crappy class = waste of time
unclear, confusing, hard tests, you must concentrate!
He is extremely dry. Rehashes things from the textbook and his exams are quite dificult. Would not recommend
Not helpful. He sends a lot of random emails pertaining to things that he thinks is important. Went to every class but still did poorly. Do not take with him.
His slides are from the textbook company so it really helps to read it. As a professor he is so boring and explains things really badly. He makes the class difficult and the concepts hard to grasp. His tests are hard and the questions don't always make sense.
Gives out random assignments in class. Exams are very hard and tricky. Out to fail students.
Don't take this class! TERRIBLE microeconomics professor. I was turned off by the subject, but luckily Sheflin reinstalled by interest in it during Macro. RUBIN is very confusing, he gets off topic and does not actually talk about the subject matter. The Aplia can be difficult and his exams are very HARD since the questions come out of left field.
He wrote the book. all his tests are difficult. his lectures are boring
The exams themselves were relatively straight from the book. No need to ever attend class. However, the final was very hard for me. Got A's on 2 midterms and a C on final. Teacher is very BORING. Also, the TA is a POS who doesn't do anything and grades assignments harshly. Relatively average class IMO.
NOT RECOMMENDED. Doesn't lecture very well and makes things hard to understand. Aplia assignments are a pain and are time-consuming. Also has random in-class assignments. The best way to study for this class was to use the Aplia study guides. Lectures did NOT help me on the tests even though i went to all of them. Made me despise economics.
Nice guy, but all he did in lecture is walk around the class and talk as if we have the book memorized word for word. When he'd ask a question in class, you could hear a pin drop. The material could've been made much easier if it was taught more effectively
B-O-R-I-N-G. He is the equivalent of watching CSPAN or that channel that shows you frame by frame shots of the traffic outside. He is completely dry and senseless. He does not possess any kind of humor whatsoever and makes everything he talks about utterly dull and boring. AVOID THIS MAN!!
Senseless fellow. Has no idea of how to teach an introductory course. Exams are super hard. Cannot prioritize topics to study, will keep sending tons of material. Grades Applia in a meaningless tough manner and no feedback. Does not feel like an introductory class as teaches at an unreasonable level. There should be some sensibility. An introductor
oooo my GOD this class is the worst and prof. rubin is a **** head ..really bad teacher and the class sucks the exams are really hard and he gives to much work on that dum ass aplia please do not take him ...get out if you can or its over for you trust me
Worst man EVER. I despise his man. He makes you do the useless things ever and the aplia. o wow the aplia. each question is worth 1 point and after u do like 1000 questions its only put into 150pts. This man knows how to screw with your head. If u can NEVER take him unless if u like a challenge that u cant overcome.
There are soo many things to be said so i'll sum them up...Do Not Take Him! It's torture...
oh my god...this class sucks! i fall asleep almost everytime because it is so boring. no wonder no one answers his crazy questions, because everyone is asleep in their chairs while he continues to drone on! dont take this class
OK! TAKE HIM ONLY AND ONLY IF YOU ARE A BOOKWORM! he's soooooo boring!! tests are mad hard.. save ur self.. dont kill ur GPA.. anyother teacherS like perry or altzchuler are good.!!!! DO NOT TAKE HIM.. U WILL SUFFER!
Very hard class. Was planning on applying to the business school but after this class and the grade I recieved, those dreams were shattered. Spends alot of time applying the material to real life examples rather than explaining the material for those who took the INTRO class to learn about micro. Exams extremely hard. the textbook was more helpful.
I HATE HIM
the worst professor ever. every horror story you hear is true. this man can't teach for his life. switch out immediately. starts off easy...but by the end you'll lose your mind. do no go to his lecture. will make you dumber. exams hard and i'm not sure about hte validitiy of his grading. run away while you still can.
this guy is impossible....he goes over so much material and alot of it is not even covered on the exams...the project is also very hard to do...unless you have a passion for learning about how the health care system works....avoid this class
This guy ran the economics dept into the ground in 1990s to 2003. When students would try to talk with him about solving a problem, he would mischaracterize the situation to cast the student in a bad light. Then when speaking with him personally, he'd say, "I hope you're handling the Rutgers bureaucracy OK", referring to the bureaucracy he created
lectures don't really teach anything. talks more about current events relating to econ. this would be nice...except it's an intro class, so no one knows what he's talking about and why it's important. doesn't matter tho, forget class, read the book, do the study guide and old exams and you'll be fine.
Terrible teacher, lectures are deathly boring and he doesn't even help to explain things well. Need to know the book pretty well, but a lot of the questions on the exams and quizzes come from the study guide. Do not take this class if you don't have to. Terrible.
Rubin (suck)^100000000000000000000000000000000000
The term paper is so long and boring.It is very extensive and requires a strong econometrics background. His lectures suck and they put you to sleep.He gets offended if you leave the class to get a drink, or to go to the bathroom.As a result of you leaving he makes you pay in the end with your grade
Big Project statistics knowlage a must library time a must he isnt very helpful not good at explaning things
scumbag
i have no idea what you other people are talking about. he is quite possibly the worst professor at RU. he is boring and unclear. he is horrible and his exams are impossible. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROF FOR MICRO, TAKE ANY1 ELSE EXCEPT RUBIN.
Attendance mandatory.
He is an OK prof. but the test were horrible. I took this class thinking it would be easy and I got a 2.8. Sucks
This class is a waste. I spent time and money and effort, but didn't get a thing out of it that really matters in life. If you need an easy gen ed to boost a lagging GPA, take it. If not, don't waste your time, take something else!
Least helpful person in the western hemisphere. If you enjoy an individual who cares more about himself than the progress of his students, take him and enjoy the fact that you can ask him for help and he will be more than happy to ignore you. Awesome guy. Loved him. Thanks again Pete if you're reading this.
His UI100 class might be fun, but SO120 is the most boring class ever. His lectures are brutal, and he teaches on one subject for 3 weeks, then tries to teach the remaining material the day before the test. Don't take him. He's funny, but not a very good teacher...at all.
If you don't have a decent grasp of OChem 1 do not even consider taking this class. Dr. G seems like he wants you to succeed, but his expectations and exam questions are immensely difficult. He teaches faster than any other prof and adds concepts that no one else teaches, only for you NOT to use them on the ACS final that is a majority of OChem 1.
I don't like saying bad things about professors but I genuinely believe he didn't want students to succeed. he tested on random things that did not actually test your understanding of the subject. try your hardest not to take him and if you have to take him get ready to watch a lot of Joechem videos to make up for his unhelpful lectures.
Quizzes and tests are basically impossible. The class averages for all assessments are hidden but the averages are believed to be around 40% and you need somewhere around a 59% for a C-. It’s constantly stressful and everyone I’ve talked to is very concerned about failing, even after exceeding in ochem 1. I’m sorry if you have to take him.
This classes was SO stressful. One of the hardest Ochem teachers you can take at pitt. When things went online he was not very accommodating and was very rude to students when they asked questions.
I had an awful experience with this professor, he was extremely condescending towards students with questions and showed little respect. He also did seem to appreciate the need for disability accomodations and even attempted to avoid providing them. If you can take this class with anyone else, please try! This class will only add unecessary stress.
He gives fill in notes that you have to print before lecture (completed notes not posted online) and did not once write on the board. He made it clear on day 1 that you should not email him with questions. Not one exam average was above a D. Claims not to curve. Gives minimal (if any) partial credit on exams/quizzes. Gives weekly sapling homework.
If you have another option for OCHEM 1 take it. His test averages are extremely low (in the 40-50's% range) because he uses complex and trick questions. He also frequently references ochem2 material. He expects you to do 50 online hw probs per week, tons of end of chapter txtbk probs, clicker q's in class, & 6 old exams to prepare for assessments.
If you define a good teacher simply by how passionate they are, you'll love this man. But if you have ever had a teacher where you lose track of time in the class because it is so interesting, this man is not for you - you will be wondering when class ends 10min into lecture (and there's still 1hr to go). I couldn't wait for lecture to be done.
I'd wish you good luck, but it wouldn't help you. Welcome to the semester of Hell. Work as hard as you have ever worked for anything in your life and you might manage a B - assuming that you disregard all other classes you are taking. This class, with Grabowski specifically, will consume your life and your soul.
There is a reason why every student on campus knows of Grabowski. Very few of his students respect him and it's not hard to see why with averages at 45%. Sure he gives extra credit, but it isn't enough. HW, each midterm, and the final are all weighted equally. If I had to put myself through another semester with this man - I would go insane.
If you have the option, take a different professor. Save yourself the overwhelming stress. EVERY professor in the chem dept is better than Grabowski. The only reason he teaches is because he has to as part of his tenure agreement. To those that say his class is easy and great, I wonder where the bar for teaching standards is set for them.
Grawbowski's exams are so hard well over half the class rutinely fails - hence why he's on academic probation for failing too many students. Any other professor will explain reactions and present material in a much more accessible and logical manner. Basically, he is the perfect mix of typical tenured professor and nightmare stories of OChem.
He ruined my love of chemistry and my GPA. This class was awful and the tests did not accurately represent what was taught in the class. He is an o-chem professor and he tries to integrate it into his class and exams when it is not needed WHATSOEVER and at inappropriate times, (exams). DO NOT TAKE HIM FOR ANYTHING.
I had Grabowski for Chem 1 and OChem 1. I have to say he is better for OChem than he was for Chem 1 but he still makes his tests super tough and intentionally puts on trick questions. On tests and homework there are often OChem 2 problems that I only knew how to solve because I went to the tutor and they told me it was OChem 2 material. dont take
The only positive thing I took away from this man was that I do not belong in any science department, ESPECIALLY not the chemistry department. Very confusing lectures, no places to turn to for help, constantly buried in homework, hard tests, etc. Prepare to camp out in the tutoring center. What a terrible class.
Extremely difficult course. In this class often used the saying, "You are your own professor."
Both as a person and a professor, Dr. Grabowski is quite disrespectful. Expect to work on homework for at least 5 hours a week, and for tests to be nearly impossible because his sole purpose is to trick you. Will blow you off and tell you to read the textbook when you ask a question. Avoid at all costs if you would like to pass.
Warning: do not take his class. 50 long homework problems a week (even during university breaks), confusing lectures, and very tough test.
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. YOU WILL REGRET IT. 50 Homework problems a week that are nothing like what is on the test.
Do not take him; he's a terrible professor. 50 homework problems a week that don't prepare you for the exam. EXAMS ARE VERY DIFFICULT. The lectures are clear; he pulls examples from the book. Extra credit questions in lecture, so attend for those points. If you have other options for professors, I would definitely take someone else.
Tests are graduate level. If you had any trouble at all with chem in high school expect to be destroyed by this class. I felt like I was thrown into a pool without knowing how to swim and I just slowly drowned. He expects you to know everything about basic chemistry and if you don't know it perfectly you're in trouble.
Do not take him! Wait a semester for other profs if you have to. Basically taught myself college-level chemistry. Tests are impossible! The only reason to go to lecture is for the extra credit opportunities. He does not hold office hours for undergrads, so if, like me, u get stuck with a horrible TA for recitation, you're on your own if u need help
Although I had Grabowski for chem 1, he spent more time talking about organic chem. He refused to give practiceold exams, sped through lecture notes, and refused to go back or post online. Exams were really fast paced, difficult, and stressful. Would recommend dropping out before taking this professor.
Not as bad as everyone makes him out to be. He is kind of confusing in lectures, but just read the textbook and you will be fine. He also gives a lot of extra credit and curves your final grade a lot. Got 2 Bs and 2 Cs on the exams and finished with an A.
Grabowski spend almost all the time in lecture focusing on the overly complicated concepts, but spends very little time explaining the actual Chemistry problems, which appear all over his difficult exams.
Hard to learn, hard to approach, hard to get a decent grade..... this class is just hard overall. As someone who truly enjoys chemistry, it was disappointing to deal with this monstrosity. Overwhelming homework and too tough tests paired with terrible teaching. Avoid at all costs.
I would never suggest this man to anyone. In fact, as soon as his name is mentioned on campus, everyone reacts the same way: a groan. He will not help you even if you ask for it. He goes through notes extremely fast & are impossible to record in time. He doesn't provide clear explanations nor does he take time to explain math. Avoid at all costs.
This was Prof Grabowski's first time teaching Gen Chem 1. He is one of the worst lecturers I have ever had. He doesn't post full slides and goes very fast and skips slides. The averages on all of the Midterms were D's or F's. He has said he won't curve grades at all and responds with rude remarks when you ask for help.
DO NOT TAKE CHEM WITH HIM!!!! He is awful. Not helpful at all. Seriously told us not to ask questions during the tests. The tests were extremely difficult and hard to finish in the time given. You can study and do all the practice problems and still fail.
Absolute worst professor I have ever had. His tests are designed to see how well you can guess an answer in 50 minutes. You can study for hours and still bomb. He holds no review sessions, laughs at you during office hours, and doesn't care about how well you do. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
DO NOT TAKE. Most arrogant man at Pitt. He is not willing to help students or answer questions. His expectations for exams/take home tests require far greater knowledge than presented in the textbook. Ended up withdrawing and am currently retaking with a different professor. The class is much more enjoyable with a professor that wants to help.
Worst professor ever. NEVER take him. Average for our first exam was a D and average for our second exam was a C. I went to his office hours and he went off about my generation of kids and didn't even answer my questions. NO QUESTIONS DURING THE EXAM AT ALL. The only questions you're allowed to ask is if there's a typo on the exam. worst teacher.
He did not seemed interested in helping the students at all. He did not post his powperpoint slides online, which isn't a major issue, but during class he would zoom through the slides, making the one-time chance for us to get the notes useless. He also went too in-depth for a first-time chemistry course.
Honestly, one of the worst classes I've ever taken. He is one of the worst teachers, as well as human, I've ever met. Don't take his class, not because of the grade you'll get, but because you won't learn anything. I came in enjoying chemistry, and left hating everything about it. Many people had to drop out. Save the misery, don't take it.
Hands down the worst professor I have ever encountered. At least a third of our class had to drop/withdraw. There are no TAs, you aren't allowed to get help on the homeworks, other professors don't understand his questions, and he has no interest in the students actually learning the material or being available for extra help. Do not take him.
If u want a challenge, then take him. If not, then stay away.
Professor Grabowski is an Immensely difficult teacher. Even the most gifted students can work themselves to no end only to end up short. His tests are exceptionally hard, though with clickers and take homes a B is usually within reach. My advice: drop him immediately!
Dr. Grabowski is extremely difficult. Unless you are a genius, drop him immediately or prepare to cry yourself to sleep for a semester!
OChem is never going to be easy, but the way Dr. G teaches narrows the achievement of even the best students. You can get a 50% and still pass, but getting that 50 might be impossible. He's also shady when it comes to exams, EC, hw (don't hand it in 1 second late unless you're a star student), and never gives the average. shady.
If you are taking this class be ready for unfair questions from all sides.
Do not take this professor. Enough said.
Didn't understand O-Chem in August, Still don't understand it in January.
tells students they are stupid idiots right in class
likes to make class hard, just for the sake of being hard... would not recommend
horrible professor, terrible grading system....DO NOT TAKE HIM
I have seen a lot of positive post about Professor Trant and I guess I will be the one to say he was difficult to get in touch with, a harsh grader, and overall does not care whether you pass or not. I took this class online and when I asked him a question about the assignment, he stated "google it". Do not recommend.
This professor is the worst! He gives you notes, but suprises you with daily quizzes. Really picky on answers. Makes you do a portfolio, but is very picky. Did not learn anything in class.
Not a good teacher
I am a Biology major at UNT and I have never done this bad in a class before. I've never received a C before and I'm struggling to pass his class. DO NOT TAKE. I asked him a few questions in class to clarify and he makes you feel dumb. He's an ass in my opinion. Not the worst teacher but his test are extremely difficult.
He is not a good teacher at all. His lectures are terrible. He talks rapidly and hardly ever restates important info. Not to mention that his voice is a bit high pitched and gets annoying to listen to. Tests are usually over 6-8 chapters. He gives you study questions but that hardly narrows it down. Avoid getting him as a teacher.
Ay, Ayay, Ayay... Im not sure how exactly I got in this class but well it was not good at all. I have no idea how I got this grade but im guessing it was because I always guessed on the Tests. He did not give understandable lectures but if you keep up with the book you will do ok (I hope). GOOD LUCK!!!
Avoid this guy like the plague. UGH! You can sit in his class for days on end and not have a clue where the topic is going. He meanders all over the place and never seems to get to the point. Tests are ridiculous.
this guy was completely useless. i usually like my profs, but he just sucked. no idea what he was talking about the whole class, he was never available for help, and to top it all of he was an obnoxious, mousy-looking little snit.
I took this class for summer 2 and he wasn't the best at explaining the information. This class was very fast-paced and he didn't give any time to write down notes. There is also a ton of hw assigned. His tests were hard and were not similar to the examples given in class.
Asks "YES OR NO?!?!" after everything. Makes you feel like an idiot for asking any question in front of the class. yesorno yes or no YESORNO!?!?
one word AWFULL!!!!!!!!!!!
I still shudder when I think about this class. To call professor Bown ego-involved understates it; the class is the Chad Bown show with special guest the material you're supposed to learn. The material is dumbed down and the class winds up being a waste. I got an A in the class, but I'd trade it in for a class with some dignity.
Not only is this class far from an "easy-A" it's not even possible to get an A with the way she grades. but don't reach out to her to try and get feedback, she'll tell you just to read the comments on the assignments. DeWester lacks any compassion or basic respect for her students.
Jan is a wonderful human being, but as a professor she is lackluster. I took this class online and found it extremely difficult. As a straight A student I have never been more frustrated or stressed from a class before in my life. Expect to read constantly do at least a paper a week, and work hard on assignments that aren't relevant.
Horrible teacher! Acts like its a 300 level course!
I had some interest in theater before taking the class, but her enthusiasm increased it. I now might minor in theater...I did have fun in the class.
She is the most biased proff. ever. Do not take her. She enjoy smaking her students feel inferior to her and is a very ill-equipped educator.
she makes you feel low about urself and loves to call you out and make you feel dumb!!!
Nice man, terrible professor. I would not recommend taking him. His class is hard to pass and graded on very little work with no drops so if you mess up once your grade will reflect it. Homework every class and possibly a quiz. His lectures are hard to learn and understand from and his tests are hard as well. Save yourself, find a different teacher
As a person he's a nice guy but his teaching skills needs more work. He will literally take the whole class period on a 2 examples that have no corelation to what you're going to be tested on. There's a lot of homework/quizzes that are easy but they won't help you with the exams. Don't miss class cause after a certain amount he'll subtract points.
Assigned seats in Alston 10. Homework due every class and you have to print it out and then he never collects it. You have to stay the entire class time on test days even if you're finished. Pop quizzes all the time and they're challenging. He even said he's a hard grader and we might do better with another professor.
He talks about stuff that isn't at all on the test. He is very hard so take someone else. He is kind of boring. Test are extremely hard. Overall, he is a bad teacher.
If you are sensitive to being singled out or hearing adults yell and curse in a professional setting, dont take any of Hahns courses. While I was never singled out, several people from my class were called out in front of everyone for phone usage and one person was screamed and cursed at.
Lectures boring to the point where it is difficult to pay attention at all. Lots of people dropped out early because of this. Talks just to hear himself talk, not engaging. Throws tantrums if your phone is out. Not specific on assignment expectations or due dates or really anything. I can't fathom how anyone has had a good experience with him.
I'm graduating this year, and have avoided this man like the plague since freshmen year. I feel so strongly about this I decided to leave a review 4 years later. I have Memos through the DSS for chronic illness he told me to "Shut up, get that away from me. No professor will ever care, no one here will ever care. Don't show me that again" Horrible.
Top 5 worst teachers I've had at Towson (graduating senior). Worse during corona cause he can't use technology. Couldn't even turn camera on. Had to email hw, where he would MAIL back. Wouldn't receive the past hw by the time the next one was due, so didn't know how where to improve. No blackboard. No PowerPoints. No email response. Just talking.
Gave no feedback for tests. Even the sight of a laptop or phone sent him spiraling in the middle of a lecture. Never opened the Blackboard portal because I'm positive he doesn't know how. Expected respect when he, himself, showed he did not respect you. Would never recommend this professor to anyone.
Someone is sure full of himself. Had to pay for his textbook, and everything we were made to talk about in class was based off of something he wrote. I made the mistake of countering an argument in the text and got chewed out because it was something he published. Oops.
I have never cried in public before taking his class. He printed copies of my paper out and passed them around the class as an example of what not to do. Did not even show the mercy of whiting out my name. English is not my major, but I believe I'm a decent writer. He told me I had to start an entirely new paper and write it like "an adult." I'm 28
Only have had this professor for a month and I already hate this class. Extremely rude. Yelled at us the second week of class when only 4 of us had purchased HIS textbook (which at the time was sold out). Also received the "taxpayers pay for you to come here make the most of it" speech. Boring lectures. Acts like his class is the only class we take
grumpy old man who loves to hear how smart he is. uncomfortable class, calls people out for things and embarrasses them over nothing. a 73 is a D in his class, which speaks volumes about him as a person. makes you buy HIS book.
A very snobby professor. The class involved tons of reading.
I strongly agree with a previous comment; in my opinion Dr. Hahn's teaching style involves being rude and mean. I just think that he cares about his ego more than he does his students. I wasn't only overwhelmed by taking his class, I was humiliated as well. (ie, when grading one of my papers he wrote in large red letters "subliterate error")
Didn't have him as my professor, but he is THE most rude man I've ever had the misfortune of meeting. He attended a presentation I gave for another class. This man proceeded to interrupt me WHILE I'M STILL PRESENTING, bombarding me with condescending comments. For the record, my actual professor loved my presentation. Take him at your own risk.
DO NOT TAKE HIM. He made me dislike English (It's my major. I loved it before). He is rude. He is unapproachable. He expects way more than he provides. He may know his stuff but he should not be a teacher.
Absolute last course one should take for a TSEM- absolutely overwhelming for a freshman seminar. Ridiculous 15 page research paper and 11 expensive novels I will never read again. This course, the one that was supposed to help introduce me to college, was my biggest struggle. Hahn is very intelligent but not personable, understanding, or friendly.
He is the worst teacher I have ever had at towson. The class was incredibly hard. He embarrasses the students constantly and the final had aspects of the class that were barely covered and obscure. NEVER take a class with him. My first failed class in my entire college career.
This teacher is ridiculous. The final covered nothing that he said it would or discussed and he grades i harshly. He kicked 3 people out of the class for nothing at all. I am a great student but did not pass this class. My first ever failed class in four years.
His lectures are long and boring, he doesn't respond to his emails, and he needs a major attitube adjusment. I don't feel like i can ask a question without a rebuff, and he never seems to have time for appointments to discuss any of the subject matter but has no problmes marking points down for not understanding it.
Very hard teacher. Also very rude and talks down to student's if he doesn't deem them to be as smart as he is.
Let me set the record straight...this was the WORST class i have ever taken. He is so unclear, gives the worst lectures and is boring. I absolutely dreaded this class and it was NOT easy. Dont take him unless you want to experience the worst hours of your life. Im telling you, It sucks!
Sure, college is not meant to be easy. But, professors can still make boring material enjoyable. Take Hahn if you like professors who think they are all knowing. Take Hahn if you want to learn from a man whose colleagues warn you to stay away from because of his rude disposition. Lastly, take Hahn if you want to make your semester boring as hell.
Cares only about the subject matter, not about conveying information. Takes no initiative to build relations with students. This includes freaking out and yelling at students. Rude in general. Will yell at you if you misunderstand something like an assignment. Other teachers commented on his rudeness and outbursts. Thinks he's king. Narrow minded.
DON'T TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! He's stiff as a board, WAY too hard a grader. I think he's been giving the EXACT same lecture for 100 years, and it puts even him to sleep. Avoid him in any class.
THE WORST TEACHER EVER!!! He does not teach, he reads to you out of the textbook in a monotone voice and yells at you when you do bad on the tests. His requirements and due dates are very unclear, his lectures are boring. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!
Lectures are boring. It's pretty much the same as him reading the book. Only way to pass is to go to sections and try to teach yourself.
AVOID FELKER AT ALL COSTS
Just a terrible lecturer. Puts you to sleep the second you walk into the lecture hall and what he says has nothing to do with the homework or the midterms and finals (which were next to impossible). They often say that open note tests are harder than usual... well try open textbook with felker. That just gives you a feel for how tough his class is
just AVOID Felker
Lectures were convoluted and did little if anything to clarify material, relying almost exclusively on derivations. Rarely took questions and was very unapproachable, seemingly annoyed if anyone had questions. His tests were entirely mathematical, a direct contrast from his derivational lectures. A mess of a lecturer.
not a good speaker, isn't always there for us
Was the worst professor I have ever had and a lot of kids in my class agreed. Not a good person and not a good teacher and is an awful person. Gave a lot of feedback but most of it was rude and not even helpful. Didnt let you have second chances. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HIM!!
Does not respect/disrespectful to students and is always going way beyond the time of class. A
She is very rude, mean, and discouraging to her students. For students of color, she tells them they are not cut out for college. Many students don't like her because of her condescending attitude and rude discouraging remarks. She assigns a lot of work but that's not a bad thing personally because it helps your grade. She is an awful teacher.
Genuinely one of the worst professors I've ever had, and I let her know that on her evals, too. Very condescending and thinks the whole world revolves around her class. I had an emergency meeting that I was going to have to leave TEN minutes early for, and she got super huffy and did everything but cuss me out. Very unprofessional and rude.
She is one of the worst professors I have ever had. I highly recommened choosing anyone else besides her if you have the option. There were SEVERAL instances where she was rude to students, even making two students cry. When I would go to her office hours, on multiple occasions she was not there. She does not post her powerpoints on the moodle.
She is the meanest teacher I have ever had. She has made me cry three times now and makes me feel like an idiot for asking questions. Do not take her class unless you do not have another option. Good Luck!!!
HATE going to that class. If you ask her a question she gets smart with you and makes you feel dumb. I missed a class due some health problems, told her in advance, she said she would let me make up, but never did. Assigns SO many papers, on top of quizzes, and small assignments. Quizzes-most of them are open-answer, just a few are multiple choice
Needs an attitude adjustment. Belittling. Sarcastic. Got a good grade, but as a person she really bugged me. Often late to class. Asked a lot of unfocused questions and got angry when the class didn't answer quickly. One day she stormed out of class 5 minutes in because no one answered a particularly vague question. Made me wonder why I bothered.
No. I would never take her ever again. Every time I had a question she would make me feel so dumb. There is so much work and she nitpicks at absolutely everything. If you have to take her make sure you go to every single class because you will not pass if you skip. AVOID AT ALL COST!!!
Awful. No help at all. Inconsistent with grading and tests are HARD. I am an A student and I study, read the chapters and notes, and work at it. Do not take her if you do not have to.
Never gets to class on time. I had her class at 9:00 mwf and don't think she's been in class on time yet. To make it worse she keeps you 3 or 4 minutes late to make up for her being late. Not a real huge fan, acts like she's better than you alot of the time
Do NOT take this teacher. She is very biased towards students. Has her favorites if ya know what I mean? She never has grades posted even after sending an e-mail saying she does. She nit-picks at things on assignments that are un-related to psychology. Overall AVOID at all costs.
This was an absolutely useless class. You take notes and not one thing on the notes is ever on the test. It's not the right answer it's the "best" answer. So if you don't know her opinion than too bad. I did better on the tests without studying than I did with studying. She wears khaki pants that are way too tight and it's disgusting. Don't do it.
She really likes to get up in your face, if you sit in the front row...Don't sit in the front row...
She sucks. Do not take her..she is a very strange woman. She wasted literally 20-30 minutes a day trying to either get the stupid clickers working or the computer itself. She wastes a ton of time and is usually late to class herself. Reading is required. The labs sucked and most of the time didn't make sense. Don't take her.
She is nice, but isnt very clear or helpful.
Was very unapproachable and rude to students. Hope I never have to take another one of her classes again. Started out easy and then tests became much harder, but she couldn't explain why. Knows her stuff, but basically ignores you when you try to comment in class. Never praises students!
she treats us like where children
everyone i have talked to said that I shouldnt take her and now i see why. she is very arrogant and talks to the class like we are in kindergarten. she thinks she is perfect and thinks that if you're not the way she wants everyone to be then you're wrong. stop stereotyping, get a new teacher.
She is rediculous and grades as if she knows nothing about the subject. Try to get someone else if you can. I had to stuggle to keep a B
Never disagree with this woman! She is always right and her quizzes are very opinionated. I worked my ass off in that class to get a B. When she's in a bad mood be prepared for her to take it out on you and your class. Try to take someone else. She has a real problem with saying " okay" after every sentence...really annoying
the person who said that she yelled when she talks and that she sucks...yeah, i agree with everything he/she said.
Having her for class made me decide to change my major to English. She turned an interesting subject into a boring one and made me hate it.
Shes very unclear with assignments and likes things done HER way (for example, she'll yell at you if you write certain things down) she throws tons of stuff in your face all at once and doesnt really care how you do.
She is broad with what she wants in assignments, she doesn't seem willing to help you out when you are confused on a subject matter. She bombards you with homework, tests & large projects all at the same time. She often changes the class schedule when she fails to teach the material on time.
I did not like the way she taught class. I transfered into her class on a friday and e-mailed her letter her know that I was new and I have my text book, and asked if there was anything due or do I need to read certain pages for class on Tuesday-I show up to class and she throws a quiz at us, tells
she sucks!! she is very evil like the devil or something. she gives you a ton of work due all in one week. for example this week i have a powerpoint presentation due, a hundred point written assignment due, and a unit 2 exam!! all this week! I hate her
Evil, She assigns hundreds of activities. You cannot miss class and expect to pass. She is ruthless.
The material that is on the exams, is not covered by her in class. She makes the exam questions tricky, so that it doesn't matter if you know the material. She gets very offensive when any student disagrees with her. She is also very rude.
She is definitely a -----. Nothing that she does is good. Her test ----, so do all her reading quizzes, and all her 15 million outside activities. Definitely find a new teacher.
what a ****
She is the hardest teacher ever. She is Sadam Hussein desguised as a woman.
She is an evil person. DON'T EVER TAKE ONE OF HER CLASSES!!! YOU WILL DIE!!! especially and 8:00!
She made my life a living hell my first semester of college. I HATE HER! She got pleasure out of my pain. She never welcomed a helping hand she critized the dumb people and favored the smart people she should have never gotten her teaching degree. ****
AWFUL professor. There are ways to work the system and get good grades but he is awful in class!!! If you want to hear random stories instead of learn chemistry, he's the guy for you.
Rodgers was rarely teaching us something we actually needed to know for our homework and test. I haven't learned anything from him, I've pretty much had to teach myself. He takes about 3 weeks to reply to an email, if you ask in person you will stand there listening for 10min and at the end you'd be more confused than before.
Not very helpful. Takes days to get a response from him and this class was online. The classwork was tough but trying to figure out what he wanted us to complete was tougher.
Dr. Rodgers is a very nice guy, but a HORRIBLE teacher. He doesn't explain anything clearly, even after you ask five times. I have taken other Chemistry classes, and what he teachers isn't consistent with any of them. I had to work extremely hard for a B and I am typically an A student. Avoid him at all costs. He is never on topic and tests suck.
Rodgers was off topic almost 100% of the time. When it came to tests/quizzes you were never fully prepared. He never explained anything well, and when you asked him a question he would answer it with another question. I would not suggest you take his class.
He's a nice guy but should not be a professor. Lectures are pointless and completely off topic. Tests are over material you never see coming. He grades very harshly. I highly reccommend choosing a different professor.
He never gave direct answers. Lecture was very boring and useless. Questions on tests were harshly graded and covered material not discussed in lecture or of great importance. He rarely gave bonus opportunities. The labs conducted didn't line up with the chapter discussed. Luckly, easy points was from online assignments.
Gets off topic too quickly, and for long periods of time. He spent two weeks teaching us significant figures and conversions. It made no sense the way he taught it. I do not go to lecture, because it is pointless. Just read the book, go to lab, do the online homework, and go on quiz/exam days. If you do that, you will get an A
Hard class, course work, and exams. Professor didn't communicate well with students via email. This was a online class. Material was not explained well, what was on exams was not on home work assignments. very poor clarity on what to expect students to learn verses what was actually taught
Dr. Rodgers is a very hard teacher.His tests are worded badly and they are very hard.Some questions were nothing like what was studied and some were not in the book so there was no way to prepare for them. Tests are also far too long and graded harshly. The tests are also nothing like the help sessions prior to it.And I did study my butt off for it
Very hard to pay attention to lecture. Really off subject, its hard to take much from the lectures, you pretty much teach yourself. He does review for tests but he just says that things might be on the test so its always in a different format if so. labs are long and there is a lot of work to go with them.
He talks about absolutly nothing that has to do with the class and expects us to learn everything on our own. There is really no reason to come to class because nothing gets done during his lectures, and you end up teaching yourself everything anyways. When you ask him a question he rambles on and on when most of the time no one is even listening!!
He talks way off subject! I am making A's B's in all my classes and this one messed me up! He don't teach! He talks about stupid stuff like the moon is made of cheese. He's a dork! This class was a waste of money because, he talks way off about nothing! Then, he grades too hard. SCREWS YOUR GRADE!
Do NOT try to take his web class. You can never get ahold of him either via email or the phone. I dropped it after half the semester. and it is sooo much easier as an 'in class' course.
All of his tests are essays. Chemistry tests are not supposed to be essay. Watch out for formal labs. He grades way too hard.
she was kinda mean overall. gave me and another person a 50% for a whole section of homework because we missed 2 class periods. you don't give someone an F because they did all their homework and turned it in late. she wasn't very nice or helpful a lot of times either. she acted like it was a big deal to help people when they didn't get it.
She doesn't know how to teach. She makes her tests impossible. She doesn't grade people fairly. Yeah..she sux and should be fired.
Had absolutely no brains! Would talk about his sex life in class and not teach. Easy "A" but learned nothing!
I got into the major and I still HATE THIS EVIL MAN. He doesn't care how you do in the class. He doesn't care about helping you as my meetings with him didn't help at all. The class is deathly boring, and terribly confusing, and he expects everyone to understand it just as well as he does. BEWARE OF PAVITT. WORST TEACHER AT UDEL!
Worst class ever. Dude is soo arogant, doesn't care at all about the students. Wasn't available to help people that needed it. Class is required for comm majors, don't take it with him if you can help it though. Terrible.
Worst professor at UD!
this short little blowhard has the worst manners when dealing with a large crowds; REFUSED to raise his voice so people in the back could hear him. This little **** is a prime example of everything that's wrong with the tenure system!
Worst Prof I had at UD -- inflexible, curt and hurtful, not to mention BORING
worst prof at UD- hurtful, totally uncaring and rigid
He's mean and is very unclear. Don't EVER take his class!
i am still having nightmares about the class!
BORING - Class is bad. tests are hard, only a few questions, worth a lot.
makes things so HARD!! he is the worst!
Pavitt is the worst comm professor i've had, he's inconsiderate and does not car
Heavily biased and one sided in his curriculum, be prepared to be taught to claim racism for everything
Awful professor. Doesnt care what his TAs did in the class or how they graded. I passed his but Ive never had to work so hard for such a low passing grade.
Lots of essays. Attendance not mandatory but essays on every exam as well as 20 multiple choice questions. Its important that you read the books that are assigned because you are tested on them. She is very good at repeating what she says in lectures so that everyone can hear her well. Personable and shes on top of her stuff. Shes a mom.
rambles, moody, unclear
DO NOT TAKE IF YOU ARE SIMPLY TRYING TO RECEIVE A C FOR YOUR GEN ED HISTORY REQUIREMENT! He takes absolutely 0 interest in his students outside of the classroom. Your entire class grade is based on 6 assignments/exams which he grades ridiculously harsh for a class that does not directly associate with the majors of the majority of his students.
he isnt very helpful and his exams are HARD!! all essays. studied my butt off and still barely got a C, with 3 pages of essays he said I "didnt give enough detail". defintely would not recommend him, especially for a 101 or 102 class!
.
avoid avoid avoid he does know what he talks about but i tihnk he was beaten up as a highschooler becasue he grades very hard and is a bit arrogant about history almost kind of like he has something to prove
Dont EVER take her...trust me, you'll get a bad grade because she wont like you, actually, she doesnt like ANYONE!!!
His class is verrryyyy boring. And you only have a few tests, with homework worth like nothing. Even if you do all the homework, getting 100 on all of them, and even go see him in his office, but dont do well on the tests he wont help you out and has no problem failing you
Kevin Hickey is not good professor. He is unable to use brightspace which is not necessarily bad, although he requires us to purchase an assortment of climate change articles that has nothing to do with the unfairly structured exams and quizzes he pulls out of himself. Also gives unfair grades on papers with no basis. Look out for Kevin7.
This class was extremely hard not only for me but for my classmates. The tests had all these problems that werent fully explained in class. And you really have to make sure you take really good notes cause theres no PowerPoints. He was accessible out class and was very helpful.
I hated his class and many of my classmates hated his class too. Explains nothing in class, just draws pictures on the board. Not a good guy either.
Absolutely awful teacher. I recommend you never take his class. Draws pictures on the board thinking that his students are in 2nd grade.
Professor Hickey was terrible. I struggled to keep my grade up the entire class. He graded really unfairly and expected to memorize every word he said. I did not get higher than a B the entire course for tests even after I studied for hours.
I did not enjoy this class. He is extremely hard, will not let you make up any exams no matter what the conditions. I got a 0 bc I had to go to my sister's wedding. His exams are impossible, filled with graphs, maps, diagrams,etc. No one in our class got above a C. He's way into what he teaches and it makes no sense. Do not take this professor.
He turns Oceanography into a chore. The class is difficult due to the large amounts of material that he expects you to memorize verbatim. He flies through topics during class and expects you to remember everything from both lecture notes and the assigned readings, rendering his quizzes and tests impossible. He also has a serious attitude problem.
be prepared to fail. do not sign up with this man.
gazin-schwartz is a terrible teacher. several times she has slept during classes after throwing in a movie. unrealistic grader because she does not in fact teach anything, and gives ridiculous midterms and finals.
My god, this class was boring, forget the textbook and invest in Netflix and Hulu Plus accounts.
As I am writing this review in class, the kid next to me is watching Lacrosse highlights and a kid two seats up is watching House. His lectures make no sense, and no matter how hard you try to get involved eventually you give up. I like History but hate his class, and all of the homework is online and he doesn't take attendance.
Gives oral group reports due next class so you don't even know the faces of people in your group. Lectures put you to sleep. Nothing worthy of being written down in a notebook. Just reads students' response to discussion board questions.
McClymer definitely takes advantage of the fact that he has tenure because he doesnt even bother to teach. He lectures the whole class, most of which is just meaningless opinions that he has. Everything is online and theres basically no reason to go to class, but he takes attendence. Hes easy enough but he is so boring and creepy.. not worth it
Pretty sure I caught him smoking a bowl in his office once, he claimed it was an American historical artifact and he was just seeing if it worked....weird day
didn't like that everything was online...and he's strange to say the least.
An ok teacher, he knows a lot, but he's really creepy with female students...
So-so teacher, very demanding. He's pretty creepy around women. Not sure about this one...
I hated that everything was online but overall he was pretty easy. He creeped me out too...kinda a weird guy but he knows everything
So unprofessional around female students, and very creepy. An ok teacher, but he knows so much so that he doesn't know how to come down to the students' level. I wouldn't take him again.
This man could not be more arrogant. He thinks he is so smart and such hot**** because he knows other well-known psychologists. Who the hell cares who he knows?! He also grades VERY unfairly esp, considering he is so unclear and wishy-washy with his lectures.
for lack of a better term his is an ass. Thinks he is the smartest man in the world...but his isn't.
Seems like a decent guy and is obviously extremely intelligent, but the entire grade for the class was based off of seven pop quizzes and two or three essays. The pop quizzes were very hard and only five questions long, so you were basically screwed even if you did the reading. Quizzes missed for legitimate reasons still can't be made up. Not cool.
He doesn't speak up in his classes and refuses to use microphones in lecture halls because they "drown him out". Everything is graded by TA's so 100% go to their office/study hours if you want the best bet in understanding what's going to be on the 1 out of 4 exams he has.
You need to read a ton of material and well. You cant miss class because he goes over exactly what he will be putting on the test but really likes to ask questions on things you literally havent talked about. He doesnt do power points so its all lecture. Talks quietly and fast and spews at you. This class would be great if it wasnt with him.
Straight up, don't waste your time taking this class with Judkins. It's unnecessary stress and way too much work for a 100 level anthro class. He lectures in this monotone voice the entire class and majority of the time you can't understand what he's saying, but insists he can't use a powerpoint for his lectures?
Doesnt seem to care much about his work
Terrible class. He has the most monotone voice you have ever heard. Classes aren't organized or planned. He just blabs on about whatever comes to his mind, and then tests on those "lectures". Tests are super detailed and difficult. Assigned books are dull, and videos watched in class are okay. Avoid taking this class if possible
This class was painful. He's such a dry lecturer and literally will repeat the same stuff ten times but then it won't be on the test. He doesn't speak loud enough for the entire lecture hall to hear him and has two TAs but doesn't actually use them at all. I literally never want to take any other class with him ever again.
He is the worst professor i have ever had
If you are not good with tests, stay away. Although he gives an easy paper which makes up 20% of the final grade. Also I have never met a professor who doesn't show up for tests (makes the TAs do everything), and tells students to stay put when the fire alarm is going off so he can finish his story.
The hardest class I've ever taken at Geneseo. This is coming from a student who is currently taking Organic Chem. and Physics. Worst class ever. No textbook so you never know what to study. Books are so hard to focus on because they're so boring. Only good thing about this class is that it kills two gen-ed requirements.
Do Not Take this Class, Drop while u can.
He is so rude. Also all he does is talks and rambles on and on and on. You never know if what he's saying is important because he gets off topic so much. He makes the TA do everything. I got my lowest test grade ever in this class. SOOOO BORING. I would never take another class with him. He made me hate anthro.
class sucks. knowledgable, but will bore you to tears. also, nothing comes out of a text book, so its hard to study for tests.
This guy never stops talking..he will put you to sleep.. his tests are really hard and the books are ok but just really long. Avoid this class
I felt that he was exceedingly rude in that he showed movies about fifty percent of the time and failed to show his face in class on those days. He knows his stuff, but also knows he does and it shows. His answer to questions is always "Ask the TAs", but they never know the answer. His tests were difficult and ambiguous.
He never ends class on time and makes you late to other classes, his lectures are insanely boring and he never uses an outlines or notes on the whiteboard, he mumbles and you can't understand what he's saying, he hates seniors and assigns insane amouts of work for a 100 level class
One of the worst professors. He comes late to class, yells at the students, and has weak lectures. He is clearly at the college only to get funding for research.
She is so unorganized and rude. Doesn't answer questions. Do not take this professor!!
Horrible teacher. Picks apart every possible thing. Makes so many mistakes and just doesn't seem to care. If she can't figure out a problem, she just skips it and never comes back to it. Rarely is able to answer the students questions.
awful. worst professor I've ever have. She never put her heart on her lecture and tests, and you can feel it through every class and test. she keeps making very simple mistakes everywhere, and very confusing lecture will make you have to learn by yourself.by the way, she does not have a degree of Phd.
Crazy. She is completely incomprehensible and condescending. She complicates everything. Avoid her if you value your sanity and education.
So bad, constantly makes mistakes on simple arithmetic. She is just plain annoying, jokes are awful, and she's a bad teacher. Tests aren't too difficult though, but she really doesn't teach the material thats on them. You will have to learn a lot on your own. Avoid.
TERRIBLE PROFESSOR. doesnt understand the material AT ALL. spends the entire class doing one problem because she cant figure it out. the class is constantly correcting her errors and she gets frustrated when people ask her questions. went to office hours and was ignored. definitely avoid her as a professor if possible.
She is not helpful! rude! condescending and spends the entire class teaching one problem! you will not learn anything from her in class! i was actually looking up youtube videos to teach myself how to do the math she wanted us to learn!
warning horrible teacher, do not take! She constantly cancels classes and office hours and doesn't inform you about it. She'll spend a whole class on one problem. You have to teach yourself how to do the problems because you won't learn anything in class. She constantly makes errors in her lectures. Try to avoid this teacher if possible.
Everything is ridiculously easy except for her Minimum Math Competency Exam, which gets harder each time you fail it (<90% is fail). If you're required to take her for the class, brush up on pemdas/decimals/division/fractions/etc. without a calculator for the first day. She cancels class 1/3 of the time, but its double edged sword.
What a horribly rude, mean, nasty, DUMB teacher. I agree with what everyone else says, she makes easy math difficult and then has the nerve to insult your intelligence. She has her favorites and shows NO consistency in the way she grades. And, she cancels many classes, what a disgrace.
She makes easy math difficult. She will say how great the textbook is... well it isn't, but get used to looking at it; it will explain things way better and in more detail than she will. She plays favorites and doesnt show any consistency in the way she grades. Her tests are a hit or miss because of the way she wants things to be answered.
One of the worst teachers I ever had - though extremely nice, she makes the material so easy and simple, its hard to follow. She plays favorites at all times and loves to show it off. I took three years of calculus and though this material was old and way easy, she made it hell. Trust me when I say try as hard as you can for another teacher.
Horrible.
this class was pretty easy, but not thanks to mckenna. she had a lot of trouble explaining things clearly, and her explanations did little to clarify questions. go to class, because she can be a little picky about explanations for things, and then she'll like you more.
Where do I begin, maybe with the fact that she makes everyone feel stupid with her basic skills test idea. The problem is, you can't ever go do them because she cancels office hours and class everyday of the week! Completely unfair when you're already having trouble with the class.
DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS! Her grading policy is horrible, sure you did 15 homework problems, but she only grades two. You can go to her office hours for help but she will never answer your questions directly. She's unfair on grading tests...she takes of for drawings if they're not perfect.
dont take this course. If you have a question she hardly answers it and leaves you more confused then when you showed up for class. Do a GREAT job on your hw since only 2 problems are graded, and read the assignments so you can teach yourself whats going on.
thinks shes teaching math 300 course- drop it
Terrible teacher. Very boring class that is pointless in teaching. Learn nothing from him. projects are impossible and never explained. HW is optional and never needed so dont bother. Tests are half ok and half really hard.
The man puts me to sleep everyday. He has a really low voice and is hard to understand. He is not helpful. He gives these ridiculous group projects that no one can solve and then doesn't go over them! He spends more time teaching about the TI-89 than about Calculus.
The worst professor I have ever had. Math came easy to me until I took his class and failed because he is an awful teacher! I never understood a word he was saying because he skipped steps and didn't explain anything well!! I HATE HIM!!
Professor constantly spoke to the board and blatantly ignored raised hands..when students asked him questions, he couldn't answer most of them clear enough for us to understand.
You can tell he's a genius, but teaching at the lower math lvls like calc one, it's hard for him to teach that and for you to understand it!
She is very quiet, even sitting in the front I was not able to hear her. She doesn't follow her syllabus and would often times get off-topic or just forget what she was supposed to be teaching us. Her homework did not match what we were learning in class and were passed back much later, usually after the exams. She never posted grades on canvas.
Dr. Edgar is a very sweet lady--but not a good professor. I can genuinely say that I have learned nothing in this class. Not one person in my class actively listens to her lectures, as they consist of her reading word-for-word out of books with little contextualization. Lectures are useless for papers, which make up the entirety of your grade.
An absolutely terrible professor. Lectures make no sense and she refuses to use an organised lectured method such as powerpoint. She instead gives lectures using a dim overhead projector.
She's a very sweet lady but very boring and rants on and on about irrelevant topics. If you can, stay away from this class because honestly you will fall asleep and become a worse writer. You do what she says and it still isnt god enough for her; take another INTD class if you can.
Intro to Logic is a semi-difficult class made impossible by Prof. Edgar. Sweet woman, but cannot teach this course. Rambles. Of little to no help. The material is impossible to learn because of this. Her exams are difficult, but she gives a lot of partial credit so most pass anyway, regardless of how little they know. Go to T.A. hours.
I am definitely biased because I did not want to take this class, but had to for a requirement. However, I thought it was ridiculous and Prof. Edgar does a horrible job walking through processes and problems.We will go over something so quickly we don't have time to write it down, and then there are questions about it on the test. I don't recommend
This guy is ridiculous. Insults students, class has nothing to do with what you think music is about. Literally makes up terms for the class and makes you learn them. Utterly useless, very difficult. If you have no music experience, you have no chance at all. DO NOT TAKE IF AT ALL POSSIBLE!!! He is THE WORST professor I've ever had!!!
I have a vast experience in music background and even this class was confusing to me. He doesn't do a very good job explaining things. He also is kind of a jerk and will subtly insult you and can make you feel uncomfortable.
Jack is a nice guy but the terms he uses for a lot of the course are completely made up
Very self-righteous, makes music theory much harder than it has to be it seems he gets pleasure out of making non-music majors miserable. He always put people down in a subtle way and makes you feel uncomfortable. Tests are very difficult
unsystematic, unfair and harsh grader. acts as if everyone around him, including his students, are exceptionally stupid. makes you sign into class and states in syllabus that your grade will suffer if your absent (this is against school regulations)
Knows his stuff, just not how to teach it. Most of the class has trouble with concepts that probably belong in a 300 level course (modality, figured bass). Doesn't understand student's questions and gives confusing answers.
Self-righteous and belittling to his students, never seems to understand what you're asking and gives long confusing responses that don't pertain to your question at all. A crazy old man with a crazy way of teaching.
He did not hand back any of our assignments, so no one had any idea how they were doing. The lab manual is wordy and sometimes confusing (which makes sense because he wrote it). Take genetics lab with someone else.
He reads from his slides he's easily distracted and I think he's useless
He is all over the place. Hardly ever assigns any work or lab reports, but don't take that as a good thing. Asking him for help is virtually useless; all he does is go off on tangents even when you're genuinely interested in the answer to the question you asked.
DO NOT TAKE GENETICS WITH HAYNIE. WASTE OF YOUR LIFE!!!!!!! Lectures are pointless and tests are ambiguous. You dont learn anything or ever know what youre gonna be tested on. IF CANT TAKE GENETICS WITH MILLITELO...DONT TAKE IT AT ALL
Do anything you can to avoid taking Genetics with Haynie. Slides are full of random pictures and lectures are pointless to attend. It is impossible to do well, multiple choice questions are ambiguous and horribly written. He also can't answer any of your questions. Do yourself a favor and wait to take it with Militello.
I don't know about lab but DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME taking a class with him!! You will only suffer (mentally and academically)!
Read the text book chapters at least 2 times and you might pass.
I would have rather spend an entire semester extra at college than take another class with this man. He puts you to sleep in class and I spend more time trying to figure out what the questions on the tests are asking than actually answering them. If you can avoid this man like the plague.
HORRIBLE!!....I'll leave it at that..
He can't teach to save his life. The only reason I passed this class (even with studying) was because the tests were multiple choice so you could at least narrow down answers. Lovett isn't much better, but take her instead, at least you may get something out the class.
Rambling idiot. Powerpoint slides are just copy and pasted pictures from the book with no explanation.
He doesn't want to help, he doesn't even know what he's talking about half the time, he talks about topics other than what he has on his power points!
I'm not quite sure the man knows a thing about genetics. He says the word "esoteric" about 15 times during ever lecture which is filled with 50 powerpoint slides that make no sense at all. Seeing as he knows nothing, he uses huge words to compensate and you have no idea what he's talking about.
just read the book and dont bother with class; tests are rather easy if you teach it to yourself
idiot. acts like it's the first time he has seen the information he presents in class
Uses powerpoint and moves too quickly thru slides to take down notes. Terrible teacher.
mean, does not know material
he is the worst professor i have ever had!!
Horrible Professor takes forever to get anything back is alway getting off on tangents about this that and the other thing. He is fairly reasonable about explaining things if you want to come ot him AFTER CLASS. Never explains things in class you HAVE to read the books no sciming and pay attention to detail do not take if you do not have to.
Cutes old man ever... However, HORRIBLE professor. He takes weeks (months) to grade papers and emaxs. He doesn't have a grading scale. He talks about nothing in class and waste your life writing things on the board that doesn't even make sense or matter. Attend every class go to office hours and act like you care. Wouldn't take again
horrible, can't get work back to you on time at all! Avoid.
Prof. Wolff is a very hard grader. I am usually an A student and strong in English and I pulled off a B+. She is very unclear about what to write in your papers and doesn't hand things back. She also does not give any grades until the final grade, so you have no idea what you will be getting. I don't think she knew it was a lit class,not writing.
She lets you revise your paper, however, it is only because she is looking for a paper just the way she would write it. Take her if you don't mind changing your writting style
Wouldn't read our drafts, makes us read each other's, who's the teacher here?
Expect to do lots of work even the first day of class, expects to much time
His class was all lectures. You have to write down everything he says, and his exams are very hard. I studied for multiple hours and I still got D's, keep in mind I am a 4.0 student. It is not what I thought the class would be about, it is about the history of astronomy and who discovered what. You should know astronomy very well before you take it
His class is a nightmare, everything he teaches you dont need to know. But everything he says 1 time write that down! Its gunna be on the test! His review covers 10% of whats on the test even though he says at the end of his review thats everything on the test. His hand writing is awful and labs good luck figuring it out yourself.
I think he forgets what he teaches( constantly repeats same info). I came into class smiling and he got upset in front of the entire class. I went to an astronomer to ask a few questions and he said the class I was taking was not an entry level astronomy class. I recorded his lectures and still had a hard time with his test.
This was the WORST class I have taken EVER in history of my 4 yrs in college. The professor was not clear about what was being tested on. TESTS were HARD and never consistent. He seemed to get joy out of failing people. I dropped the class in the last week, so I didn't mess up my GPA. HORRIBLE class unless you are a Physics major.
Do not take this class
Do not take him if you can help it, he spends most of the class with his back to the class and lectures. If he's not doing that, he's sharing his life stories that barely relate to the class. The only reason to have the book is to teach yourself, he only uses it for homework that isn't graded anyways.
He writes on the board and its really hard for us to understand what it says.
Do not take this class if you havent taken astr-117!!!! I wish I wouldve known that before I got myself into a big mess. Totally lost and when you miss one class you pretty much fail the next test. Very important you attend every class. I would NOT recommend Maguire if you dont have a STRONG background in science.
Alright well, i have to say he is a very hard teacher but he is fair. He gets annoyed when you ask questions in lab but he will help you. you dont really need to even buy a book for his class and when it comes to notes write down everything he says. As far as grading...he helped me out with a grade i didnt deserve as far as how i did on tests.
LONG NOTES!!! Not at all relevant to the tests, most of them I mean. Uses the same test every semester, but doesn't give any type of review sheet or even verbally give specific details about the test. He is very unapproachable and just flat out grumpy. Find another teacher, if you want to pass this class!!!
Very tough class if you're not into sciences.Expects you to 'know' what he's talking about. Can be very intimidating. Don't give in to it tho. ASK QUESTIONS-OVER AND OVER. He warmed up 2/3 thru semester with us. Hard test too!
VERY UNHELPFUL, NOT EASY TO TALK TO AT ALL
Do not take this professor. I love math and he does not teach it. He reads out of the book. He assigns work and goes over it the next class. Basically you have to teach yourself at home before you come to class.
Mr. Smith is unpredictable like a bag of skittles. But he waits till so many students have dropped out of the class before he feel he really wants to help. Then he offers bonuses and other options so he does try. He just teach to fast and say you should of learned this from Grade School. Only take him If you are a ver;y determined student.
This class is incredibly boring, like any typical math class, however, this teacher is also quite a smart a**. He basically reads right out of the book, then picks on you if you don't seem interested, as if it were possible to stay interested.
he is a freakin redicoulous teacher ... and do not take any math class wit him if you want to graduate from your school.. he is an **** he is the most annoying teacher ive ever seen ,,, he is such a buzzkiller.. serioulsy don ever sign up for his class ... !
Its time for this old man to retire. He dosen't care about his students,not helpfull,rips on them if they don't understand,he is just there to for a paycheck. Time for him to go!! He's gives educators a bad name. Never take this guy, unless you want to be treated like crap. Smith if you read this do students at MCC a favor and RETIRE!
terrible teacher, acts as if he hates teaching, don't ask any questions. he did give us practice test to take home and that made all the difference. i started off failing got with a real smart study partner worked my but off and got a 4.0 in the nick of time
he knows his math but is a terrible teacher and if you can never take his classes because you will come out of there hating math.
He is a horrible teacher! He gets mad if you ask him to explain. More than half of my class had to drop it.
I cannot understand what he is talking about. Its like he is teaching himself. He thinks all of us in class should be experts at math and we aren't. It is frusterating because his smart comments are annoying and ridiculous.
Very bad teacher I totally agree. I had to drop this class and I never drop any classes. DO NOT TAKE THIS GUY HE IS HORRIBLE!
Horrible! He opens his mail after explaining one problem in homework. If you ask a ? he totally humiliates you. He doesn't want to be there clearly. I have no respect for him, he is a lousy "teacher". Don't know why Mott keeps him. You'
bad teacher he doesn't remember anything
horrible teacher
This guy has no idea how much he makes his students feel stupid. Pretty much my whole entire class is failing and the best part is he dont care!
The worst math teacher at Mott!!! Stay away at all costs!!!
Very rude. Marked me absent just cause I wrote in pen not in pencil on his quiz
This prof is very rude and degrading. Drop his class before you fail.
Grades only by format, but not content, of papers. Harsh Grader that makes no sense. Not Clever. Never gets the submission pages of any papers or quizzes set up on time. Rude to students who offer kindly reminders. Consider twice before taking BTW 250 by Slobodnik.
This man should not be teaching, period. Every time I walked into his classroom, I knew I was going to feel uncomfortable in some way shape or form. Whether it's him being homophobic or him talking about women in inappropriate manners, there's always something he says that is extremely problematic. Not to mention, he's extremely grumpy.
Never takes the chance to explain any material at all. Grades and takes random points off, none of which have rubrics. Rude, short email replies.
Awful. Publicly humiliated students for being 30 seconds late, made us feel stupid, went off on tangents 3x every lecture, and was just overall an unpleasant person to be around. I did NOT learn much; he focused more on formatting and citations rather than the actual content.
Genuinely rude and uncaring. He will call you out if you're late or if you get up to throw something away and keeps you over class time. Feedback on my papers were contradictory to what he says in lecture and on the hand outs he gives. Overall the most incompetent professor I ever had. Planning on dropping the course.
Easily my worst professor so far. He will go on rants about the most irrelevant things and will keep talking even after the bell rings. If you show up late you will get singled out publicly. Everything is done on paper so you can't check your grade or assignments online. He will handout 2-4 useless papers per day. Drop or transfer from his section.
Worst. This will be the first and the last time I rate a professor. His tone is terrible in explaining things. Keep complaining about stuffs in the society, he barely skim through textbook and expect us to always be prepared for everything. Your tuition deserves to be invested in a better place. DROP IT WHILE YOU GOT A CHANCE.
He's very rude and grades tough. Papers are often graded harshly without constuctiove feedback. Would definitely not recommend taking the class.
Thinks too much of himself and the class. Very rude when it's not even necessary and the content of the class was interesting but pick to be with someone other than him.
Assigned lots of busy work and graded by deducting points with very little constructive feedback. Generally unpleasant.
He was an unecessary tough grader. Focused more on irrelevant points of a paper rather than actual content(i.e syntax of works cited vs. entire paper). In class he doesn't have the best attitude. Yet his students to be cheerful. Food for the thought: you get what you put into the world. Overall, don't take his class you will not get an A.
This guy is majorly unprofessional. Not only does he send emails without salutations, but he forgets to post essential notes needed for writing assignments. When you email him about said notes, he rudely responds and acts as if it is your fault. Clearly he thinks this 100-level is SUPER IMPORTANT.
Obviously when someone comments "tough, but fair" is totally written by the professor himself....because simply he really just sucks... he has no respect for students,(if he did, i wouldn't say he suck), not responsible NOT FAIR because he is not helpful, and who writes tough but fair?! Overall, it is just a frustrating class. Hopes he improve.
He is so bad... Never answer your question clearly. Minor mistake may cause much deduction in this class. He teaches business writing and tells you to write politely, however himself never did that...
He's extremely unhelpful and expects you to spend 10+ hours on the homework he assigns on a weekly basis.
Worst teacher I have ever had. Very rude through email, and it's an online course. He assigns a ton of homework weekly, expect at least 9-10 hours on dumb unnecessary assignments. Grading is extremely tough and unpredictable. NEVER TAKE A CLASS TAUGHT BY THIS MAN
AWEFUL. DO NOT TAKE.
You never know what you are going to get on your assignments, no matter how much time you spend on them. Won't go over papers after he has graded them. Gave me corrections for my papers that had nothing to do with them. BAD teacher.
I can't stand him! He is the most unhelpful teacher ever. Online classes tend to need clarification and he never answered the questions I asked or directed me to some where else. The class is pretty easy, but I do not like him!!
most useless class and man ever.. he found a way to make btw 250 hard by trying to screw you in every way possible.. focuses on minor details that shouldn't matter.. doesn't know much about business writing as he told me to include references on my resume and a summary of my skills at the top.. no thanks i'll take the tips given to me at the bcs..
Rhet should not be hard.
Asks useless questions for homework, such as Find a definition of engineering in a periodical . Also, my favorite: I know all about engineering. I've taken all the tours.
Dr. Cruz is a tough professor. He acts like his class is the most important class you are taking and will ever take. He does not use Canvas and only communicates outside of class via email. Despite sending out a syllabus he assigns assignments that are not on the syllabus. Not a good professor, probably one of my least favorite.
I regret going to class everyday. If this is a gen ed for you, don't take it. He goes off on tangents in lecture, and never sit front row. Reading the book is the only way to pass the exams.
Class was extremely boring. He lectures with no notes and is hard to understand. He speaks too fast plus his accent doesn't help. Exams are brutal and require hours of studying. You learn best from reading from the textbook, which isn't very well written. He is also very sarcastic and rude which was a bit funny at first, but got old quick.
If you can take this class with a different professor, do it. He is probably good at teaching upper levels but really lacks in these gen ed courses.
Very strange individual. Papers are too long I mean who wants to write 2 papers at the same time? He is extremely in your personal space and he is quite confusing. He likes to talk in different languages in class especially if there are latinos in the classroom, which I am latino and it's quite annoying. It distracts all of us from learning.
Terrible professor. Was extremely rude to the class and his lectures were hard to understand because he only talks, no slides or anything. Try to avoid!
He did not seem to connect well with the class. In addition, he would break into random Spanish and French sentences that no one can understand. Professor Cruz is a tough grader and it made it hard for me to stay motivated knowing no matter how hard I tried, I could never get a good grade.
Unless you enjoy being called a bloody american & constantly picked on not the class for you. Prof Cruz is obviously angry that he has ended up at the university of wisconsin becasue he will constantly tell you how he taught at UCLA. He can't seem to understand that no one likes to be stereotyped and singled out Dont take urban 100 he grades hard!!
This man is the devil
Course is full of meaningless assignments which are not worth your time. I have written some of my worst papers in her class and recieved adequate grades. Class is always boring, not enlightening, and very pointless. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
never got the grades i deserved, played favorites, no help
Will do well if one of his favorites but if you are not don't expect any help!!!
ALWAYS TOLD ME WHAT WAS WRONG AND NEVER HOW TO FIX!
This guy was a mess way back in 1987. People lined up trying to get rid of him. The worst prof. I had in 9 yrs. of college and I can't believe he is still there.
Horrible! Psychology is my major and I have a 3.8. I love psy, but he made it horrible. I dropped the class after the first test. I got all the multiple choice correct and failed the essay questions. He was very unclear and confusing. His stories have nothing to do with psychology. There are some awesome psy. profs. there, don’t take him!
I had this guy, he was aweful, I thought he was retired. When I transfered to GVSU the psych student counselor looked at my grades, lots of A's, a few B's, and a C. She asked why the C, I told her it was Dr. Sims, she had worked CC, she wasn't surprised. Guess this guy was never popular, watch out for signs of self harm by CC students.
Avoid this man at all costs.
Dr. Sims is by far the worst teacher I've ever had. Like mostof you said, extememly inteligent, but horrible teacher. I found the hardest part of that class was figuring out what the hell he was talking about. Oh and by the way...is that thing on your head hair?
if you take his class it better be telecourse.
Why did he come back? i thought he was gone for good? what happend to his retiring? anybody know? i have never had this man for a teacher thank goodness! but i have heard HORROR STORIES ABOUT THIS MAN!!!! so what is the scoop? someone
Buy the book and don't use it because he teaches from real world examples (his world). pointless class. if not psych. major than go for it, otherwise no way.
I can't believe he came back! I can't believe they let him back! RUN AWAY....Even if you think this site is nonsense and students exaggerate...RUN AWAY!!!!!!!
Smart man, but does not belong in a classroom. He just plain sucks at being a teacher.
Thank god the man retired.
HORRIBLE TEACHER. This man should quit teaching and find something he's good at. "Ohh I teached at this place and that place and this place and blah blah blah" " my granddaughter this and that and blah blah blah" IT'S A PSYCH CLASS
He needs to calm down and realize that he isn't a god
This man has a lot of unconcious issues and he projects them onto his students.
This man is living proof that Darwins theory on survival of the fittest is false. Teach that one to your students Doc.
Why on Earth does this man want everyones social security number?
always off topic...seemed to like to boast about his life and how he has made impressions on many people never seemed to have anything to do with the class! Always seemed to alienate about 97% of the class
i was in there for 10 minutes of a 2 hour lecture and thought i entered HELL 101...much credit to the girl who left in the middle of his lecture...if you have him...RUN...fast
I swear if I ever see this man again I will run the other way screaming and crying because he was, and still is the biggest jerk ever. I can't imagine why the man is still around, and hopefully he will be gone. If you have him, honestly just drop.
I cannot describe the way I truly feel about this guy without using profanity... so let me just say: AVOID THIS MAN
totally off-topic, an article in the GRCC newspaper about his bad teaching
SWITCH OUT!!!!
he was a very unfair and bad teacher
You can't study enough for this class;no chance to get a fair gradeDO NOT TAKE!!
Doesn't Speak loud enough, style is out of date, refers to studies from the 70
smart man, but a horrible teacher,after so long you lose your knack for teaching
All of you are right!
You might pass if this is your only class this semester
Unreasonably difficult, unclear, course should be renamed racism101
Worest Teacher I have ever had, does not communicate well with class or teach th
drop while you can.
He's the worst teacher I've ever had! He's full of himself!
I'm without words to describe how bad he is - but I feel it in my soul!
Horrible prof. , he likes himself too much.
very hard, plus he made me feel horrible about myself, not a nice man
He talks too much about himself, and not enough about psychology (and so fourth)
!
He needs to stop talking about his son and start teaching.
How is this man still teaching? Drop ASAP!!
unreasonably difficult, major hassle, lectures offer very little substance, ETC.
Worst teacher I've had since kindergarden
If you're in the minority that supports his B.S. opinions, you'll do just fine
terrible lectures,bad tests, fuzz balls, quiet, hates americans.
Awful, awful, awful! What's under his vest??
myopic, self absorbed, and entirely burnt out. has good intentions tho (shrug)
worst teacher ever...its a shame that he still has a job
I've never had a worse prof...how I even managed a C+, I'll never know
Worst prof I ever had. I learned 0 about psych, but a lot about his opinions.
Hard to rate because 1 was the lowest rating I could give him
I had him for a telecourse,thank God i didn't have to meet him..I still got a D.
I would not recommend anyone to take his class!
this guy is hot but not good at teaching
Worst teacher ever. rambles, unclear, mumbles. avoid this guy!!!
i almost got kicked out for opening a pop one day and interuppting another story
all he does is tell sob stories about his childhood
I dropped his class due to unfair treatment of other students
Horrid! Don't take
yeah, 1 out of 20+ like him,makes sense,there's always one fool, he's the worst
very hard to determine where class is headed unclear about tests
this guy makes me sick
mubles, 60% he talks about nothing to do with py, my gpa is 3.3 and i got a D
Worst teacher ever. Ask him questions, and he makes you feel stupid
he is very opinionated and doesn't teach you anything, he is horrible don't take
the fact that the college keeps him on staff is immoral; he is the worst!!!!!!!!
Another crappy teacher that noone will do anything about. He wants you to fail.
Horrible Speaker.One day,he said "and so forth" 65times in one hour.
This guy hates teaching, people, and anything else.real hostile.horrible dude
if you enjoy memorizing 18 pages of notes per test (verbatim!) take his class
He rambles on about the strangest stuff that itsn't even relevant.
I demanded my money back - and got it. Worst prof. imaginable.
Nice man, weak professor. 4 exams + final. Does not teach. Lecture outlines are copied and pasted from the textbook, and he reads straight from them during lecture. Teach-yourself class. No other assignments besides the exam. 1 minor group presentation. Would not recommend.
take a different class if you can. he clearly doesn't care about his students or the material he is teaching. lectures don't make sense and exams are worse.
This professor is awful. His lectures are dry, but he expects you to know everything without him teaching. He has no knowledge how to properly teach a group of students. He makes things a lot more difficult then they need to be, making up his own terms to memorize biology. He is uncomfortable, awkward, rude, and unforgiving. DO not take.
DO NOT TAKE HIM FOR BIO104......worst professor ever....lectures are torture and very confusing....hard tests.... book is just as hard to understand as he is...take someone else for this course
Not a very good professor at all. He is a nice guy but his lectures are terrible, I stopped going after the 1st exam. Fairly easy, all you have to do is read the book and get his notes off of webct. There must be a better prof, worst one I've had yet.
His class is easy if you read the book. He cant teach for anything. He is hard to understand. The class is easy to pass. He is not flexible at all. He by far is the worst teacher i have ever had.
did u ever want 2 stick ur pen in ur ear just so u didnt have 2 listen to the teacher nemore and so u had a valid reason 2 leave? U will if u take him.. easy but pointless.. hey nursing majors u dont need 2 learn the immune system!
Painful to listen to the man speak. All he doe is read his transparencies
The homework alone is like a test. You must read and make sure all the info is in your head. HW questions loose points if you get them incorrect. The Quiz is 50 questions. Funny part is this class is about abnormal psychology but by its definition there is not exact definition for it yet there is a lot of info and work to it. No thanks.
horrible horrible
Professor "says" that she is here for students, but you should hope that you never need help from her. She likes to scold students for small matters. When she makes mistakes she deflects blame. A lot of students did poorly on tests because she used outdated test questions. Writing prompts were boring busy work and a complete waste of time.
Very rude. Tests are hard and she goes off topic!
She doesn't want her students to receive A's she constantly puts students down. If your major is in Psychology she will Love you
I am VERY disappointed in this teacher.She says she grades one way and then grades the opposite;she is rude and overcompensates for her young age by being overly harsh and b*tchy.She slammed her door in a student's face.Have learned nothing from her class
Worst professor I had while at UMD
Kinda annoying at 8 am
Where do you even begin with this woman?! She is by far the most difficult teacher I have ever had to deal with. Her lectures are very difficult to follow, and she has very high expectations. However, it is possible to pass her class! If you get her as a teacher, don't freak out! I recommend going to her husband's lectures. He is much better!
Very full of herself and overall just a bad teacher. There was one exam that if you did not pass it she would take points off of another exam.
You do labs and homework on webassign but she stated at final review "Webassign accepts answers that I'd mark wrong because webassign allows for more error." Wrong, she allows more error. She thinks you can find polynomial functions from basic graphs. You can't tell (x-3)^3 from (x-3)^7. She says otherwise. Out of ignorance she'll say (x-3)^3. Sad.
if your GPA is too high and you want to reduce it, then this class is for you. if your previous semester was a bit boring and you want to add a little suspense and drama for your next semester, then register for her class, you will not be disappointed.
Why as a Psych major I needed to take this class, I will never know. But her lectures are the most confusing thing ever, and she always makes mistakes, leaving your notes in a hot mess. She expects you to get the answer her way, and her way only. Even if you get the same answer, if you use a different method, she'll fail you. Would not recommend!!!
Ms. Gulick is quite possibly the worst Mathematics professor I've ever had the misfortune of being 'lectured' by. She isn't clear with her examples, she deducts points for the most ridiculous reasons, and she takes pride in watching her students suffer. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
I don't have a huge issue with the teacher, but mostly the volume or work and the harshness of her grading. You could get all the answers right but still fail if your work isn't perfect. I also don't think she or her TAs realize how condescending they can be, which makes asking questions humiliating. This class and lab makes me miserable every day.
She lectures so fast and throws so much information in at oncit's as if she expects us all to know how to do calculus already
Frances is a very tough professor. She is hard to follow in lectures and a ruthless grader. Her tests are very difficult. Also, she never curves tests and barley curves the class. Other MATH141 professors at UMD curve and will make it easier to get that B+C- that most engineers need. I didn't get into the engineering school because of her.
Do not take this class with her.
She makes it very hard to learn. She does not teach well, and by that I mean that she does not fully teach or give you all the information needed to learn a lesson. She also talks down to students who ask questions, making them feel inferior.
She is not a good teacher
Just...bad. Not there to teach you. Pretty condescending, but at the same time assumes you already know everything (when you dont, thats why you are taking her class). Try to teach yourself as much as you can before coming to your mandatory class, so that way youll have less to teach yourself later. She is a babe though.
If you can avoid this teacher, PLEASE DO. She is not helpful and she is extremely picky. If you want a good grade, she is not the teacher to go to. Her lectures are messy and she does not teach. She just shows examples and proves them. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS IF YOU WANT ANY GOOD GRADE.
She is easily the worst teacher I've had. Math has never been such a struggle. In lecture she would go over one problem and then go on a tangent about herself and calc until it was time to give us a quiz or white paper. The problems on web assign and in lecture are nothing like the exams. I will make sure to never have a class with her again.
Gulick isn't a good teacher. Her lectures usually just confused me, and lab didn't really help my grade at all because WebAssign was a bad system to use.
I've never gotten below a B in math and I FAILED this class. She is an absolutely terrible teacher. She gives tests and graded work on things that she barely teaches in class and she messes up quite frequently. The TAs are just as useless and the people who work in math success have often found her problems confusing and absurd.. DON'T TAKE HER
Not very clear or helpful, makes tons of mistakes on the chalkboard which makes it very confusing to take notes. Is disorganized and seems to always have a pissy attitude. Also doesn't curve and has a very low class average.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! France Gulick is not a teacher for anyone who wants to receive an A in the class. Lectures are comprised of long complicated proofs instead of practicing the concepts. The exams are almost impossible to finish in the time given, and very little partial credit is given. The class is not graded on a curve. AVOID.
Please if you are taking Math 140 or any math class for that matter, avoid Mrs. Gulick at all costs. Take any other teacher, even a class at 8am. She gives quizes and graded assignments during her worthless lectures filled with her just writing long theorems that you will never need to know again. Her test scores are the lowest among all classes
Professor Gulick is a rude woman on a high horse. Her expectations are irrational, her teaching methods are inadequate. She might as well go ahead and have her TA's teach. She makes tons of little errors. The fact that she even has a degree is ridiculous. Take my advice, transfer out, then go with her husband's course. This woman is a menace!
Avoid this teacher at all costs. She makes you feel awkward every class, she singles people out, she cant teach the material at all... the only reason she's allowed to teach is because her husband wrote the book. Take Denny Gulick over her, or even Rosenberg, and you'll be happy you did. Francis isn't worth your time.
The Second worst math teacher i've ever had. You can do good in the class as long as you go to every class.
This lady is the worst experience a freshman could have. She throws you straight into the oven and turns it on high heat. It is so hard to follow. Please do not make the same mistake as me in choosing this class. LOOK AT THIS POST BEFORE CHOOSING PROFESSORS! I normally dont have a problem with teachers but w.o a doubt this is the worst teacher ever
miserable teacher, makes little to no sense in class
terrible teacher
No matter what the circumstances are, DO NOT take her class. Even if you are a math major and her class is the only one open. She does not respect her own students and she even uses the TA's to spy on her students. She even gave a quiz where 3/10 was the minimum grade. The Median was a 3. . . If you have to take a class at 8 instead of 11, TAKE IT!
Doesn't know how to teach, she goes to details of things you've never heard of, I can only catch what she's talking about at the very end of the lecture. Also, exams involve too much wasting time things such as calculations. As a result it's hard to finish her exam on time, even if you know everything you still get bad grade because not enough time
This professor is not very clear with what she teaches. She is very picky and her exams are not fair at all. Avoid her at all costs. Our first exam, she took off points for not giving information she didn't ask for. Our second exam was not at all based on the material, not to mention it contained information she didn't tell us would be on it.
She said in class one time that she doesn't even care about the students. Tests often cover material not covered in class, and she justifies this because it was "in the textbook."
This teacher is THE WORST teacher I've EVER had in my life!!!! she is TERRIBLE!!! DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS unless you want TONS of homework, impossibly hard exams and suffer and endure pain throughout ur whoollee semester!!!! he lectures are boring and unclear..she called us SLOW because we had too many questions!!!!
AHHHHHHHHH BADDDD TEACHERRRRRR
This teacher is the worst thing to happen to me. She is a terrible teacher, she cant teach linearly. She will begin a problem and get distracted, doesnt give examples and the test questions are literally indecipherable. They will not be like any examples you may see in class/the book. this is my second time through, and i wont pass. I hate her
This woman is a complete lunatic. Her lectures were ok at best. The webassign hw was ridiculous. The pop quizzes were bs. Discussion was hell b/c she makes TA's give GRADED worksheets which were rly hard. The tests were complete bs. Don't ask for help cuz she will make u feel like a****for not being married to a guy who wrote the calc book
This woman is completely insane. Her random outbursts are hilarious, yet sad, in a way. She is not a professor, and obviously married her way into the math department. The class is tangential and makes very little sense. I took AP Calc, so I understand what's going on with the material, but those who have never taken the course are left behind
Really picky when it comes to grading tests and quizzes. And alot of homework, quizzes, and worksheets.
Exams significantly more difficult than homework or worksheets. Unannounced quizes in lecture, often based on what she preceves as "poor" attendance. Maybe more people would go to her lectures if she answered questions in an attitude other than "well that's becasue you're stupid." In brief: a hateful sadist ****--have pitty on her poor husband.
Horrible.
I got a 5 on the AP calc ab test. I took this class for easy credit and it's the only class I have less than an A in. She gives tests with stuff you've never seen and her TAs haven't heard of partial credit.
She'll spend 40 minutes going over the material on a 5 minute quiz she gave in class, then spend the last 5 minutes teaching the material that constitutes the 'entirely' of the homework and material on the tests. They're just afraid to fire her because her husband wrote the Calculus textbook.
This is the most annoying teacher ever. She teaches her students like high school students. She walks around the aisles in big lecture halls at times to make sure people are doing their work.
she was by far the worst teacher ive ever had at any level, i was an honors and ap student in high school and passed ap calc easily, this woman totally confused me as to how precalc was taught how that is possible i dont know
She has tests/quizzes on subject matter that she hasn't taught. Bad teacher!
CLASS IS WAY TOO HARD!!!!!!!!
She lets personal feeling get invoved,Told class it was her job to fail students
Hardest I ever had. Too many mathematical materials in this class
The course is dry. The professor tries to help but he is not that engaging or caring. Explanations are precise but confusing. You need a *strong* foundation in calculus (at least a recent A in MATH 221 or 241). The grades are curved and quite decent (30% curved). Afterwards, the overall experience is not that bad.
Lots of students droped the class during the semester. Hard & not always clear even if very passionate about maths. Depending on his moods, may be hyperactive & go way too fast over some concepts or just be plain mean. do not always answer your questions during office hours. I was lucky as Stockman liked me but if he doesn't, u'll get a bad grade.
well, if you really want to get disgusted by economics, take "David"'s class...
hehehe. I'm laughing alot here. Hey, yes! take the class!!! ....Annnnnnnnnd good luck buddy! ;))
well, u still gave him a bad rating ;) Plus Beck at least answer your questions.
DROP DROP DROP! I had never experienced that before...Two options : drop right away or suffer alot during one full semester. very unhelpful.
A crazy professor. He thinks all his students understands but they definitely don't. Average of the Mid-term : 25 out of 105. With a highest of 65 and a lowest of 7. Plus, he's an ass with his students.
This course is a tour de force! Stockman makes you understandt that mathematical intuition is an oxymoron and that macroeconomics is a field reserved to aliens. Now I watch X-files as a documentary genre.
IMPOSSIBLE FINAL AND EXAMS!!
She gives a lot examples which makes you feel like you understand the information but then the tests come around and are extremely hard and you get a D on them. Do NOT take her!
No homeowrk, no quizs, all based on four tests. Almost impossible to study for the tests. Gives out 10 to 20 practise questions but won't give you the answers, have to guess and hope you're right. Goes over 5 to 10 practise questions in class. In the end only way to do well is if you have taken a physics class recently
No homeowrk, no quizs, all based on four tests. Almost impossible to study for the tests. Gives out 10 to 20 practise questions but won't give you the answers, have to guess and hope you're right. Goes over 5 to 10 practise questions in class. In the end only way to do well is if you have taken a physics class recently.
Horrible teacher...she doesn't teach anything...she does examples on the board and when test time rolls around the problems on the test are nothing like the examples...dont take her class, find a different professor
Do not recommend taking this class. Very hard to pass. Tests are extremely hard. The way things were taught in this class were by examples of problems. I dont know how shes highly recommended. If you want to fail, take salmons.
Left rude messages on tests, useless teacher, very little info on tests, learn more in labs.
Dont even worry about going to class because she is a horrible teacher. She lies. I got a 100 on the final and she gave me a B. Do not waste your time on her. Not a hard class just a really bad teacher.
Makes it more difficult than it already is. TERRIBLE TEACHER.
She is OK. But not recommended. I can give u one advice as well. DON'T BUY A TEXTBOOK!!!!!
Horrible porfessor, this **** needs a reality check. I think I learned more about her family than Physics. I've asked for help from her, but never got help. She tells you the first day of class to not call or email her. Take someone else if you HAVE to take PS 103.
very hard....we are freaking pilots...not einstein!
I would not recommend her. Lectures do not help at all on tests, the only reason I went is because she raises your grade one whole grade if you have perfect attendance. Tests are completely out of the book, nothing from lecture. I could have not gone to any class and still get the same grade.
she is quite focused on
I literally had to drop this class last semester because of how terrible of an experience I had. All tests are multiple choice, 12 questions, no partial credit. So if you miss 2 you already got a 83% on the test. He has no organized notes, can barely read his handwriting on the board as well. He was a really fun guy but stay clear.
I do not recommend because test are condensed multiple choice so its either get the answer or not. Calc is not a hard subject but his test are. Do not take him!! He over complicates simple math.
Worst
Park is the worst math teacher I have had a TCU. Made me feel discouraged and was arrogant when asking for help. Also forget about partial credit because you will get none.
This teacher incredibly evil. I took this guy based upon what I read from the other comments and it led me to a lot of pain. Hard tests, and doesn't know how to teach well. HUGE EGO PROBLEM!!! DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!! CHOOSE ANOTHER TEACHER. I HAVE TO RETAKE CALC B/C OF HIM!!!
goes too fast. says everything "is not that hard" material is boring
Picks favorites-
She did not connect with the students at all. She would give assignments and not explain them. She also never answers emails ever and is not understanding to athletes who need to miss class.
Awful teacher. Rambled. Too emotional. Tried to go to her office hours, but she did not show up a number of times.
ALWAYS LATE, CRITICIZED PERSONAL ASPECTS OF PAPERS, LATE, RAMBLED A LOT, DIDNT GIVE BACK PAPERS IN TIME
Awful teacher. Late a lot. Spends a lot of time rambling on and on. Needs to get to the point. Hard to follow. HOlds grudges.
She is always late to class and somewhat out of it. Never gives back papers or gives any feedback. Far to emotional to be a teacher. She cries more than she makes sense. I honestly question her sanity.
She won't bother to show up to class and won't let you know she won't be there. If you need any of her classes to graduate, take them somewhere else. She shouldn't be teaching.
Her lectures consists of stories of her life and when she was in school. Goes extremely fast and is hard to follow. The notes are very long and tests are on 2-3 chapters at a time. Quizzes are harder than the test and there's one for every chapter. Labs every week and they're online and sometimes can be very hard.
She was terrible. Didn't teach at all, had to read the book to get even a decent grade. Highly recommend taking it online.
For an introductory class that A LOT of majors require, this cousre was made way to difficult. She made extra credit sound like it was 5 points added to your test average but failed to mention it was added to the total, not the overall average. Cost me an A in the class for this. AVOID HER IF POSSIBLE even though she is the only one teaching this
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Hardest 100 level class that I have ever taken. Would recommend taking somewhere else or not taking it at all
If you're not interested in learning anything in this class then take her. If you want to pass and do well, don't take her. She has ADHC and goes off on tangents every 5 minutes. The only reason so many people like her is because all she does is tell stories about her life and you never get anything done. And she doesn't give you half the notes for
This guy is an idiot. I’m pretty sure a 10 year old could make a better professor than this guy, and I don’t even say that ironically. I don’t know how he hasn’t been fired yet. What a clown. Good luck if you’re ever unlucky enough to find yourself in his presence. F—- this guy
The worst professor that I have had the displeasure of taking a class with. He is far too old and senile to still be teaching and seems to be severely cognitively impaired. His lectures take up to four hours to complete, his quizzes are riddled with mistakes and spelling errors, his email responses are rude, and his essay prompts make zero sense.
Honestly, Melvyn King is the worst professor I've ever had. He doesn't have a clear grading rubric for assignments and does not provide helpful feedback. The amount of work required for a one-off course is crazy. He's condescending and has frequently made gross or misogynistic comments during lectures. I have no idea how this guy has a job still.
HORRIBLE
he teaches nothing that is on the quizzes/tests
This was the hardest course I have ever taken. He gives quizzes almost every day and you only have 14 minutes to answer 25 questions. No matter how many times I read the textbook I always did terrible. The papers are grader very hard because he cares more about the font then describing the task. Never take this professor!!
Worst professor ever with too many quizzes that drawn from random unnecessary details from textbook. Hes not supportive and rude when trying to reach out for problems what he replies just told you how stupid you are to come out that question. His lecture basically just read out from text without explanation. Dont take him if you have other option
Very little feedback and a very hard grader. 25 question quizzes to do in only 14 minutes.
Time to retire, buddy! When you're reading the paper during lab, and couldn't be bothered to help students, that might be a sign it's time to hang it up. Maybe he wasn't always this way, but in 2020 his thoughts are elsewhere. Be prepared to teach yourself about this otherwise very interesting course.
truly terrible. would ask for help and more feedback and would give little to none. if you have the opportunity, DO NOT take his class.
NEVER TAKE KING. I took him with lecture (dropped) and online. He legit sucks, doesnt care about anything you ask him and has typos on his quizzes from hell ( which makes u get questions wrong that you shouldnt be). I have told him about it 1000 times and he doesn' do anything. I email him all the time and I see he doesnt care w his answers.
Do not take this class. Lectures are awful. The teacher is rude at best, doesnt care for students. He knows what hes talking about and makes it clear to the class how brilliant he really is. You can read the chapters repetitively and still fail on the respondus quizzes, which you only get 3 tries on. The tests are even harder to pass. Good luck.
Melvin King never attended lectures. He depended on another professor to teach the lecture, and TA to teach the lab. However, he was the one making the quizzes and exams. Be prepared to read and to pay attention in lecture.
He only curved a letter grade up because so many people dropped he had no other choice. The 50 kids who actually stayed in the class couldn't all fail so he curved a letter grade up. Started with 200, ended with 50. The curve was great meanwhile 30/50 kids still ended up with D's. I think that says it all, avoid this class.
DO NOT TAKE!!!!!!! TAKE ONLINE! GET READY TO WORK YOUR ASS OFF AND SPEND ALL OF YOUR TIME ON THIS PROF. Asked him how I could improve and he said I needed to study 4-6 hours a DAY to do well. Like I don't have any other classes.... just take it online and get a good grade without all the stress.
i wish i listened to these reviews when i signed up for this class. he gets enjoyment out of everyone dropping the class & then everyone failing it who stayed. now i have to pay $1000 to take it somewhere else because i did so poorly even though i put countless hours into every exam and still failed. AVOID.
literally the worst teacher I have ever had in my life. Im embarrassed for cortland that he is apart of the staff. transfer before taking him. The class average for a 100 plus person lecture is a 50 and he is proud of it. you are not allowed to miss one class. if you do, he takes a point off ur final test grade for every absent. i can go on but
His exams are worth 70% of the grade and he proudly will announce after grading that the average in a 100 person lecture is a 50. The exams has questions that were never clearly taught and I have never had a professor so proud that most students do not pass.
Im a psychology minor and I have never taken a harder 101 class. I read the textbook and highlight, rewrite my notes, make flash cards and study a week before the test and still get 50s. Lecture he just reads over slides and they arent that detailed. I would advise you to take it at a different college if you can.
Dr. King is the hardest professor I've ever had. I study super hard for his tests and still end up with 70s. Tests are unnecessarily difficult and he barely teaches anything during lecture. If you want to pass you need to read and study the chapters which are long and boring. Intro to psych shouldn't be this difficult.
I think he forgets that most students are full time students. Maybe I could get an A if this was the only class I had to take but uh hello I have other classes to study for too. Work load is unbearable, no study guide and even after reading the full chapter, 85% of what you read wasn't even on the test.
Worst professor ever. I dont know how he has a job. Lectures are useless he does not teach a single thing you basically have to teach yourself each and every thing from each chapter and even then you still probably wont pass his quizzes or exams. Horrible guy, horrible teacher. Avoid at all costs.
Strongly suggest not taking this professor, especially for an online class. There is a test each week that aren't the worst IF you read the entire chapter thoroughly and take diligent notes. The papers he assigns aren't too difficult of topics but he is an extremely harsh grader and will give you false choices to write about. AVOID taking him.
The hardest class ever. Tests are ridiculous. There are questions that have 5 different answers to choose from. The final is on 15 chapters and no review sheet. He gives two other tests which are so hard too. I'm a great student but his class is way too hard. Read every chapter and make chapter outlines. Dont take his class if you want a good grade
His tests are impossible. Take literally anybody else. If you work super hard you can get an B if you already know alot of it, but I do not recommend. Online stuff is decent because you have the book right there but the in class tests are the worst.
Dr. King is a very intelligent man and he certainly knows he is. If you ask a question he doesn't like, he will tell you just how dumb a question it is immediately. If people do poorly on an exam, he says it was easy, and the students were just lazy and didn't work hard enough.
He is really unclear when it comes to what he wants with assignments or discussions. There is no rubric, so its trial and error. He is a really hard grader. Offers good notes in class. His midterm was hard and our class average was a 48. Try and take a different professor if you can to save yourself from all the work you're bound to do.
WORST PROFESSOR. class is impossible worked my ass off dedicated all my spare time to his class still had to drop it so my GPA wouldn't get destroyed guy told me I should reevaluate my life career when asking to sign withdrawal form.
Very nice guy and enjoys what he is teaching, but his tests are extremely difficult, and I am a student that tends to work and study very hard. The questions tend to be very confusing and I suggest you go to office hours to look over your test because there are often mistakes. I personally wish I had taken another teacher.
WORST TEACHER EVER. it's like he wants you to fail this class. I dedicated eight hours a week to his class and still had to drop it last minute because it was so impossible. avoid at all costs.
If you want to significantly reduce your GPA, work your A$$ off and still get a C, take this class, this guy should not be teaching. Our class began with 25 students and ended with just 12, speaks for itself, right? do yourself a favour, find another professor, believe me, you'll be glad you did
horrible. made 150 index cards for one test, when i failed he said that i should have just memorized the textbook word for word. when we were going over old tests to review for the final, there were some multiple choice questions that he didn't include the right answer as an option, and some questions that apparently his wife with a phd. got wrong.
HORRIBLE. Teacher teaches but does not teach the proper material for the tests. Does not tell you tests are based on note in class and online quizzes are based on textbook only. Tests are incomprehensible and his review sessions after THE test are aggravating. DO. NOT. TAKE. THIS. PROFESSOR. Not if you value your GPA.
it says something when students around you have taken this class for the 2nd and 3rd time - how can he still be teaching!
I went to him for help, and he basically gave me the middle finger and told me to get out. He is a sad excuse for a person and is probably one of the nastiest people I've ever come in contact with. Avoid this man at all costs.
He is the worst teacher of all time. If you take him for a summer class good luck. He is a complete loser, because he gives you so much work to do and he thinks its "fun". Never take him word of advice biggest loser out there.
I wouldn't suggest taking this course with this professor!! He is very arrogant and wants you to know it at all times. He lacks the ability to be prepared and teach effectively. You will always be confused and never know when anything is due because he never knows. If you ask a question, don't expect an answer back. Find a DIFFERENT professor!!
DO NOT TAKE A CLASS WITH THIS GUY!!! He loses work (I took 1 online quiz over 15 times). He's rude. He'll never give u a straight answer, no matter what u do it is wrong and he always makes sure u know he thinks he's better than u at everything. If u want to work harder than u ever have b4 and still get no higher than a C, this is the class for u!
I saw in another comment above that if you stay on top of your work, the class is an easy A. What kind of crazy pills are you taking? Dr. King is notorious on SUNY Cortland's campus for holding the highest failing rate of students. He is the absolute worst. Swartwood all the way!!!
not at all helpful, expects you to figure it out for yourself
The worst...
I had to drop his class and take it again. Now, i'm pretty intelligent, but...there's no rhyme or reason to his lectures!!!!
sucks
He's terrible. I think he hates teaching. I learned nothing in child psych
does not give good notes
David is a lecturer and does not give good notes to study with. His review sheet consists of over 50 questions for you to answer. I studied as much as I could and thought I was solid just to get a 60 on a test. He give 3 tests that is worth 75 percent of ur grade leaving almost no room for error. His quizzes are easy but in the end they do nothing
Student teacher classes are a very small part of her job as a lit. professor, I heard she would rather not do it and concentrate on research. I'm an engl.lit. major, and have had many lit. prof.,but within the literature realm she is not very good. CARING matters little when the teaching is not ther
Since when do bagels, coffee, and parties = good teaching? DUH!
I gave her a "1" for hard only because she makes things difficult. But if you see things HER way things will be fine. You really need to be an ass kisser to please her.
Was very condescending and disrespectful to the people in the class. Laughed at students when they asked legitimate questions. I was excited about this class and she ruined it by showing us unnecessary videos and having us do ridiculous assignments, leaving us drowning in under-explained homework.
She said she will allow two absences a semester, but will not allow you to make up any of the speeches. Also, she would give you a zero if you didnt show up on days where you didnt present. She took two weeks off in the middle of the semester, for a good reason but still. Ironic that she grades enthusiasm, but I can't stay awake in her class.
I typically excel at public speaking, however, I must have set the expectations too high after my first speech because she graded me tougher than other less experienced students in the class. I emailed her regarding a concern and she had a very rude, snarky response. She is unorganized, her syllabus was unclear and she let us out late daily.
Rude with contacting outside of school and has no mercy with absence on days you may feel are necessary (2 days allowed a semester, even though grade has been punished after only missing 1 and doesn't allow sick days).
She pretty much ruined my first semester of freshman year and I am most likely going to leave UD because of her. I now go to therapy because she made me feel so stupid (not a joke) and lose all my self confidence. Thanks Professor Rosenberg
Super unorganized. Unclear on what would be on the tests even when asked specific questions. The lecture content was pretty boring (not her fault just a boring class). She had a lot of small assignments like write ups and quizzes. She was nice about curving the final if you didn't do well in the mid term.
I thought this course would be very interesting, little did I know I would need to wake up at 7:30 every Monday, Wednesday, Friday to listen to this woman go off on tangents, not prepare me at all for any type of exam, and put the smallest amount of effort into the course. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS if you want to seemingly fail from 3 grades at most.
She's horrible, she doesn't even lecture in class, she just shows you pictures from the textbook and explains them.
NO organization. Doesn't seem like she even likes teaching. Doesn't lecture. Demands EXCESSIVE lab time with no structure or guidance. Huge amount of memorization. Is this college or high school. I paid to be taught not ignored.
She is the worst, what are you people talking about!!!! She is not fair at all and her test queations are sooo unfair! Dont take this class!!
Avoid her at all costs, harsh teacher, awful grader. Boring class. Take any other teacher for 312
Refused to round my grade up from a 69 to a 70 so I failed the class. The worst kind of professor.
DO NOT USE YOUR TEXT BOOK! text book directly correlates with class discussion but if you use any text book terminology over lecture notes you will NOT pass. boring. ranmbles. not clear. boring. tough grader. This is a soci class plus english apparently...
dont tkae this class. soooo booooring....
easy class. get exam questions in advance. kinda boring though.
This class is really painful. I wouldn't reccommend this class to any of my friends. He rambles and it's impossible to take notes. I stopped going.
Easily the worst professor I've had here at Delaware. this man is unorganized and has some completely ridiculous notions. He rambles constantly and very rarely actually teaches the subject. Usually for the first half of class he'll talk about whatever he wants (american indians, food pyramids, you name it) and teach the second half. DO NOT TAKE HIM
save yourself and don't take this...the monkey theory is way too overdone
waste of time - stay away
Worst class ever! His 32 page long syllabus is impossible to decipher, the readings are boring and he could not be more vague in class. Unless you are majoring in Anthro or Philosophy, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS
i dont recommend this class! the prof is boring and makes no sense, expects you to understand everything he does, lots of reading and its tough material, not an easy A requirement!
the worst class ever! didn't learn a damn thing from it. ackerman is the sweetest guy in the world, but he talks in circles. and i have no idea what he was talking about...monkeys,baca...la la la. really not a good class to take, especially if you are trying to fullfill a group A.
this man is the single most boring person i have ever met. i hope you have games on your phone or you wont stay awake. he thinks he's omniscient. uses big words when he doesnt have to to make you think he's smart. only talks about monkeys, its ridiculous!
I think this professor writes his own evaluations ratings
If you like napping in class this ones for you!@ His syllabus is 31 pages! Whatever you do dont take this as a fun class. So much reading! I didnt know what was important until i took the exam. He really does make up words.
Horrible, horrible professor.horrible handwriting, makes up words, and contradicts himself constantly!!
Horrible class with an equally horrible teacher. I was never so lost in a class before. The syllabus was even confusing! Do NOT take for an easy group A!!
the man is way out there. he never made sense & is very strange - took it for group A what a mistake. ask around for copies of old tests - i didnt & got a C.
Extremely ambigious. I can honestly say this was the worst I class I ever took at the university. He is an old man with many problems. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR AN EASY GROUP A REQUIREMENT, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
going over exams is the only time hell actually TELL you anything. he then ****es and moans because no one has a clue. he'll make you wish you were dead, no joke.
not the worst, but close, try something else, talks in riddles
terrible class, very hard and poorly structured, i learned literally nothing
Worst class/professor I have ever had. Makes no sense.
This class is the worst ever!
RUN AWAY!!!!!!! do NOT take this course...you have been warned
Talks in circles, but tells you what is on the exams some what. Not a good prof
Rambles/Off on tangents. Does not connect ideas to questions on Exams.
His syllabus is VERY unclear, and way too long...I don't understand him
This class was definitely not fun, relatively easy, or enjoyable. Gives a quiz every week that could be up to 5 pages front/back word problems and 30 minutes exactly to finish them, do not recommend for people who struggle with test taking anxieties. He's a very tough grader, I would not recommend for people who struggle with math or test/quizzes!
Not a fun class or professor. Entire grade was homework and skill quizzes, so everything was crucial to the grade throughout the semester. He doesn't explain things well, doesn't explain them in different ways, and doesn't bother to stop really if someone doesn't get something. He also got things wrong constantly and couldn't explain them after.
you will be dedicating the majority of your weekends to this man and his tests on the weekends
He will teach you the lesson his way, and his way only, with no time to understand or ask questions. He gives about 25 minutes per quiz and each quiz has about 3-4+ pages to it. He will grade your work and the grade will be 1 of 3 outcomes. Successfully mastered, growing(knows most of the information), and not yet(does not understand information).
I think Wills a good guy, but hes probably the most annoying grader Ive ever had in any subject. Quizzes are worth 50% which is fine but you either get 100% or a big fat 0% and the most annoying part is he doesnt even correct it, no comments, no red pen, no nothing. When something is worth 50% of my grade I expect a little feedback...
Worst professor I have ever had! He is the toughest grader ever and expects absolute perfection. I have never had a class with such an abusive workload. Be prepared to spend at least 15 hours a week on homework, labs, quizzes, and pointless mandatory comments. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!
He can straight up be extremely rude at times without realizing it. He cares a bit too much on what everyone in the class is doing. Most homework is on what you will learn in the following class after it is due. Very tough grader, might as well be a writing class. If you don't put a lengthy sentence after your answer, it's wrong. Not recommended
Professor Will was probably one of the worst math teachers i've had in awhile. First, he isn't clear about his subject and never actually answers your questions. My advice would be to test out of this course it was a waste of my time. Also treated our class like he was teaching 2nd graders
He's grading is very hard and he will mark you wrong for things you never knew could be wrong. A question is worth more if you get it wrong than if you had gotten it right. Exams are hard and there is no curve.
He is a nit-picky grader that marks you down for things that don't even pertain to the actual answer. He tries to be funny but really isn't, and doesn't offer help to those who actually need it. I would NOT take his class again and recommend AVOIDING HIM!
super anal and annoying. easy to get a good grade, but he does not teach. He just repeats what he knows, withOUT explaining. Expects students to be retarded or a genious. not patient.
The subject material is not too bad and the book is pretty helpful. What I dislike about this class is not the subject material but the Professor. He should have became an English Professor instead but what he cares about most is not whether you have the correct answer, but if you worded it well enough or not. He is very picky with grading.
this guy doesn't teach, he gives you a basic consept and expects you to figure it out. if you don't do things his way you lose lots of points. also you have to write two papers for a math class. HE IS TERRIBLE AND CAN'T BE OWRKED WITH. IF YOU ASK FOR HELP HE DOESN'T GIVE IT.
Not even worth it!!!
I understood ap calc in high school, but his way of going about things made it very difficult at times to succeed in this class. don't bother going to his office, he acts willing to help on the surface, but he never answered a single question I brought to him. Nice guy, but a very poor teacher.
After taking this class I could set up problems great, but solving was another issue. His entire teaching strategy consists of teaching you the first steps, then sending you to groups to figure out the rest on your own.
He tries to be helpful but does not like it if you do not get it right away. Warning to all calc takers if you do not know how to write/explaine your work. Look out for the Problems Of the Fortnight(timeconsuming)
he is horrible. wont help at all, doesn't understand student needs.
The absolute worst. Homework's aren't that hard. Gives absolutely no review and no information about the tests, so be prepared to go into the test having no idea what to expect. Jumps around in lecture, hard to know what is and isn't important. Prompts for the essays are kind of confusing. On the plus side, he wants you do to well and tries to help
Like said before, this guy expects you to know everything before you even sign up for the class. His office hours are horrible, and tests are nowhere close to what he tells you to study. Not to mention he is hard to understand and just flies through everything.
his class is horrible. he always makes you stay the whole time and right up to end. you will be late to your next class alot. his class is boring all you do is take notes. his office hours are impossible to get to and is not willing to meet with you on your time. his does not give you study guides and his tests are impossible to say the least.NO NO
He doesn't seem prepared for rehearsals. Standards are low, so students either don't practice or never learn their parts, even by concert time. This has been an extremely frustrating experience.
omg this class was so hard for me to show up to! jill says the craziest things but you do learn how to find your gpa and register for classes which i guess was helpful
OMG just gag me with a spoon!
The first day of class I was ready to take my pencile and shove it in my eye. Yeah, there could be some useful information in this class, but Professor Wilks drove me insane, light myself on fire insane. It truely was that bad.
Unfortunately this class is mandatory to all freshman or students lacking a certain amount of credits, however i think some of her points were valid, but her way of going about to teach (Tell) the class about them was rather outlandish (eg. Getting emotional and on her knees to beg the class to change the future) Just go and get the class finished.
I hated Jill's class. Her lectures were pointless and she seemed so inaccessible. She was difficult to understand and relate to because she acted so high and mighty all the time.
Jill is impossible to talk to. She doens't care what her students think, her opinion is the only one that matters. It's bad enough that the class is required without being brain washed to think just like Jill Wilks.
Watch out for this one! Fair Warning!
Very unimpressed with this teacher. Very unhelpful and uninformative. I would avoid any and all classes with this man.
Horrible teacher. Gave one sentence replies to my four page essays. Gives horrible instructions. Avoid this class with him. I have never felt the need to post on this site until now. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS!!!
Dan was by far one of the hardest teachers ive ever had. he is not helpful and does not care about his students. he doesnt teach the class very well and doesnt make sure the class is understanding what he is saying. dont take him!!!!
Likes his religion, and his whale done video.
WHAT A JERK! For this online class, I emailed this guy once and he was EXTREMELY rude to me when I asked him a question. He told us on the first day, sometimes he takes points off of our projects just because he woke up on the wrong side of the bed. AVOID.
Very poor teacher. He teaches customer service, yet he's very rude himself! Also more interested in quantity than quality.
Won't work with you at all. Had to drop due to medical resaons.Doesn't seem to give a @#$% about students.
Complete waste of time, tests suck !!!
worst professor ever, there could have been a stump in charge and you would not be able to tell the difference.
talks too much, test out of book and not notes, don't waste time taking notes
He is real lazy and never respond to your questions as he should do. He is the only person understand his lecture. My all interest was gone when I took him. I got good grades but I did not understand anything he taught during that semester. never take him for god sake...
I do not recommend this professor at all. He is very boring. I did not learn anything and had to drop the class. It was wierd because he like to video tape everything you do in class.
very boring. very unrealistic expectations. i think he wears a wig. don't take his class. it is a waste of time, and money. i would rather step on shards of glass.
Don't take this guy. He was terrible and I haven't reccommended him to anyone. Avoid at all costs!
Don't take this guy! He was so boring!
I highly recommend *not* taking Prof Berta, especially online. She's terrible at communication, and leaves everything open all semester practically - which leaves you not knowing your grade until pretty late into the semester. I've also had trouble accessing tests and discussion boards.
In an online course, the syllabus should make sense, although it contradicted itself in terms of how things were graded, weighted, and when things were due. Tried texting and emailing and it usually took her a month to respond if she did respond and constantly had computer issues. In online grade book I had an A but received a B+ somehow.
She has to be one of the worst teachers I ever had in my entire college experience! Not only was she arrogant, she had no creativity or spark when she taught. She treated her student like children - we had to color maps for crying out loud! I wanted to say "Lady, we're in college, what are you thinking?!?" DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT TAKE HER!!!
Never ever ever take this class. The most boring class. All you do is take notes and color. Boring. Take it if u want an easy grade but dont take it before 3 or u will fall asleep
I dropped his class on the fourth day of class. I took his online on a schedule class and prof Gomez would dress me down for asking questions in front of the whole class. He uses bad words in his class and curses student without any shame. I genuinely didn't feel like I was in a educational classroom. 2-3 quizzes everyday,4 exams and 2 final exams.
He gives quizzes every class for about 10-15 minutes at the beginning of class. If you didn't understand trig or haven not already taken it, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He will say he doesn't give a rats a** if you don't do it his way. Also if the class doesn't understand the problem as a whole, he will say "oh jesus christ" and make you feel bad.
Gomez is completely rude and uncaring. Dont worry, the first 10 minutes of class he'll always make sure you know how unprofessional he is. Between temper tantrums, constantly grabbing papers and giving you zeros if you annoy him, yelling "f**k" and "rats a**" about everything, good luck. Quiz every class with usual 4 questions, so dont miss 1!
Look I took this course fully online, googled everything exams are easy. If your trying to learn dont take this class. Also hes a d!(k so if you miss something its a zero.
I took Professor Gomez online class and he was AWFUL!! I sent so many emails to him that went completely unanswered. Not responsive to online students WHATSOEVER!!!! Stay away from this man!
His style of teaching was alright. But I didn't like his overall attitude, he would curse and say things like 'I don't give a rats a$$' how you do in my class. It was weird, I made a B in the class, but it was TOUGH WORK! Many students failed the class.
Pop quizzes every single class. I ended up passing (barely). Wouldn't recommend this professor.
Professor Gomez is extremely rude to his students. I didn't enjoy his monotone lectures or his teaching style whatsoever. He is by far one of the worst professors I've had at HCC.
If you struggle with math in the slightest please do NOT take this man! He is extremely rude to his students. Tells students that he doesn't care how they do, that he already has his tenure. He also uses profanity and cusses during class. Pop quizzes every single class. STAY AWAY FROM HIM!
There is a quiz everyday which isn't too bad but he's very strict and unhelpful. He's also really rude and unpleasant to be around. If you work through the mymathlab assignments, you should do fine. He's still a really bad professor and a really bad person.
Do your best to avoid this professor.
This guy doesn't know how to teach! Can not believe why he can be a teacher in college!
I'm actually in math class to learn math. I enjoy math, that being said, I could have saved myself a lot of time and money by just buying the book and reading it. His "teaching" consists of reading the book and insulting students daily. This is a great example of someone who should just stop doing what they obviously have no passion for.
Horrible. Not able to ask questions with out giving a bad comment.
Firs things first, expect a Debbie Downer, EVERY DAY OF CLASS. Constantly refers to class as "Higher Education at HCC" and laughs, it's quite discouraging. He uses foul language and tells you to "Get your ass out class" if he sees a cellphone on your desk. All you will hear is negativity. Desperately needs help. Hopefully HCC helps him seek it.
I do not suggest this teacher..
DO NOT TAKE HIM. YOU WILL BE MISERABLE IN HIS CLASS
Do your self a HUGE favor. DO NOT, DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. I don't to make an issue but this professor lacks clarity when teaching, Lacks enthusiasm when teaching. His tone of voice drags when he is teaching. He will not stop to explain the concepts. He just walk in and starts doing problems with out explaining the concept. DO NOT TAKE HIM
he thinks he is a gift from god. his favorite thing to say was "i dont give a rats ass..." very unprofessional
worst prof i have ver had
bad professor. period.
really a terrible class, worst prof i have ever had. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!
THE WORST PROFESSOR EVER... HE DOESN'T KNOW THE MEANING OF RESPECT. HE IS RUDE TO THE STUDENTS, HE EMBARRASES YOU IN FRONT OF THE WHOLE CLASS AND MAKE FEEL LIKE STUPID IF YOU ASK QUESTIONS. DON'T EVER TAKE HIM. MY CLASSMATES HATE HIM TOO.
bad attitude, rude
He is arrogant and hates answering students questions, and when you do ask a question he makes you feel like your stupid. Don't take him
he is crazy...
he is as useless as a human can be. He is rude and likes to make students fell bad (maybe to fell good). I had an A but hate him.
I had him this semester and had an A but did not like him. He is mean and i am not used to be treated that way. Specially when i am paying so much money. May be an easy teacher but as useless as it can be.
He is mean and never shows up to class.
Very bad teacher...
He is very bad ! Arrogant and mean... Just a bad teacher.
The worse math teacher ever ! Open you eyes !
not a good teacher
...really don't think this guy likes teaching or students at all. not very helpful, but tests are just like quizzes and HM. just attend class, you'll pass w A or B
teaches his class like its high school and talks to his students like 10 year olds. doesnt explain things well at all and then expects homework to be done by the end of the class. VERY bad teaching style in my opinion and should be avoided if possible
she dosent go by the syllabus. she locks you out of the class for being late. she acts superior to her students and ignores us when we ask questions unless its when she wants us to, and thats never, even after class she gets annoyed, stay away. she has her college class confused with her middle school class.
She is very condescending toward students who ask questions and uses a lot of broken english. She doesn't answer emails and doesn't return work to students. The subject is simple enough, yet she doesn't teach the 20 chapters expected at final exam (just the first 9 were covered). Most tests have issues coresponding with scantrons. Watch out!
THIS TEACHER WILL TREAT YOU AS A CHILD! I COULDN'T STAND GOING TO CLASS BUT I NEEDED THE COURSE SO I DID WHAT I HAD TOO. SHE IS RUDE TO HER STUDENTS AND WILL TRY TO HUMILIATE YOU AT TIMES. SHE SEEMS TO BE BIPOLAR.
wow im suprised by the high ratings of this teacher...seriously i dont know what class you were in...but this teacher treats her students (of whatever age...even adults) like middle school students, no respect what so ever..i wont sink too low and get in to the details but i do not recommend this teacher, she has issues she really needs to resolve.
I came into this class hoping for a fun experience, but i was sadly disappointed. Nothing but broken english and shenanigans.
This woman is a disgrace to teaching. She should spend some time studying the textbook herself. She oversimplifies concepts. Perhaps because she can not understand the material herself. If you have half a brain you can get an A in this class. But don't take it if you actually want to learn something.
THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD. NOT ONLY CAN SHE NOT TEACH SHE OBVIOUSLY DOES NOT KNOW THE SUBJECT MATTER IN SPITE OF A MASTERS. I DROPPED HER BECAUSE I WAS LEARNING NOTHING AND ENROLLED WITH ANOTHER TEACHER THE FOLLOWING SEMESTER. EXTREMELY INARTICULATE. SHOWS PREJUDICIES TOWARDS STUD.
she is by far the worst teacher i've had...I know more about the subject than she does...dont take her
NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL. Very frustrated class and confusing. You have to do well on 2 exams. However, if you do not work on the assignments, he will give you F. How hard you work on the assignments, he will throw away in the trash and will grade towards to your final grade. Very unfair Professor.
DO NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL. No clear instruction on assignment and very sarcastic. He wants students to listen to what he said only but he did not want to listen to what students think. He is very mean and not fair about grading. If you do not want to get burnt, do not take his class.
Without doubt the most frustrating class i've ever taken. I completed the 16 week standard semester, online class and while I made an A, it came so close to dropping. This guy WILL NOT grade your work, he WILL NOT give you guidance or feedback and he WILL drive you crazy. Getting him to respond was like pulling teeth. I do not, DO NOT recommend.
Really disliked her, I didn't learn anything and we watched a movie instead of fixing the problem areas that students had on essays. I feel that for students who want to learn should NOT take this professor.
dont take this class
She talks about stuff that isnt even in the class, and goes on this long tangent about her life and just nonscence and really isnt over all that great of a teacher.
This lady is an absolute nut case, almost turned me against writing completely, when writing is my passion! She loses track of thought so easily, and insults my intellegence in class every day, I feel like i'm in highschool. hello! this is college, we know what metaphors are, and we don't need apologies for cuss words in the writing we read.
Extremely bad teacher.
she sucks, i hate the class so bad i just want to die when in her class. It is horrible and i am the kind of person who likes my teachers normally and is a teachers pet, but she is a dumb idiot, who makes faces all class long. SHE SUCKS IF U HAVE A BRAIN RUN AWAY AND GET OUT OF HER CLASS AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD!! Talked about nothing, waste of time, and very boring are a few to describe.
I often wonder if this woman is sane. She stumbles around the classroom, very hard to understand as she trails off often. Her class is a waste of time, she blabbers about nothing the whole time.
I dropped this class within an hour of gaining access to it. If you're willing to invest the time, i am sure it is a fairly easy class. However, there are at least 6 assignments due each week. each week, there is at least 2 hours of lecture videos, and the questions in the assignments are VERY specific to the random facts he mentions in the videos.
6 assignments/week for a pathways w/ several video quizzes that take at least 45 minutes (each) Could be better depending on the student's major (maybe) but it just adds too much to an already high engineering workload. Friday 5 pm deadlines feels like an extension of his quirky personality, it's not like it's less work for him they get auto graded
This is the worst professor I've ever had at Virginia Tech. I truly do not understand the others who rate this professor highly. He consistently assigns 6+ hours of weekly work, including a blog post. Which, sorry if you discover you hate the taste of wine, but it's mandatory. So go out, drain your bank account, and buy a bottle just to keep up.
This class is a lot of work and very time consuming. Do not take this class if you have more than 5 classes during your term.
Never take this class. The syllabus alone is 34 pages and not a single thing on there makes any sense. the professor does not care about the success of his students and makes it almost impossible to keep track of anything in this class. If you have a busy semester with actual major required class DO NOT take this class. It is just added stress.
Not worth the money. If you take this class you will not have a teacher. There is no feedback, it's a virtual class. The class is suitable for distance learning. The teacher/? will post assignments and show up for one or two lectures . He clearly doesn't care about his students. If all you care about is an A, take this class. Horrible!
This is a terrible professor. He takes participation too seriously, picks novels that are not interesting at all, and makes this a discussion class more than a writing class. Do not take this course if you don't like participating in class and talking. There is a final project that requires acting out a scene from a play. Again, not writing.
Notes handwritten at least 10 to 15 years old.
Worst professor ever, I mean, ever! Never had any professor like him. I'm fine with his pop-up questions, but I can not tolerate that he would call people out for no reason. I do not understand why he is not focusing on lecturing. I feel that I am under his pressure every single moment, which gives me too much stress during class.
Worst professor ever. He cares more about being the powerful authority than actually teaching you. What a waste of time and money.
Worst professor ever, He's not at all cooperative. Worst person
Not supportive at all.
Boastful. He makes easy things difficult and always wastes a lot of time asking useless questions. Exams are not difficult but some questions are weird and you may don't know what are the answers he expects so most students cannot get good grades. You can't miss any class and you can't be late more than 5 mins. Overall bad.
very bad and partial
very bad
Awful professor. I was told by my last english professor to change my major to english bc of my writing but barely received a 'C' in his class. Hard grader, talks down to students as if they're idiots, boring, and I feel as if I learned nothing in his class. A waste of my time, money , and effort!!!
Professor Bednarski does not respect the ideas of his students nor does he put them into consideration. I am pretty good at English but in this class you could never tell. I do the homework and study and it still does not matter. For the sake of your GPA don't do it unless you want to retake the class.
mumbles everything he says. told me my opinion was wrong and gave me a "c" on the paper. also told me i must have been dropped on my head when i was younger.
Im actually really good at english but with this teacher and the the way he talks and teaches I BARLEY passed! Horrible class & bad teacher
Does not have a soul in order to understand poetry or much else. "If the majority says so, it must be true." Mumbles and doesn't clearly answer questions. Also bases your knowledge on a few multiple-choice quizes in the entire semester. Your grade really won't reflect your knowledge in the subject and you better leave your own mind at the door.
You read a poem about a vulture and are supposed to interpret it to its true meaning. I read it over at least twenty times and still couldn't figure it out, and ended up with a C- in the class because of it!
Jerk.
I had him back in spring '02, awful teacher. Very condescending, had extremely unrealistic expectations, and was very BORING. The only class I ever dropped in my 4 years of college, it was a complete joke!
that's why i have to take it again this semester.....
he talked to students as if we were in preschool...and wasnt helpful at all. big pain in the ass
Constantly berating students for bad handwriting, meanwhile he has a sloppy, hybrid cursive and nonstandard abbreviations that students were constantly needing clarified. You do not have the option to type anything up, and he takes points off of anything he thinks is misspelled / can't decipher. No study guide for tests, you should just KNOW.
Grading system was awful, one mistake on the test (which he is very, very particular about) means a B instead of an A. I have never had a course before this one where the teacher told a student to leave. He assumed everyone in the COLLEGE class was 16 (I'm 25?!). Basic knowledge, I can't believe it was the only POLSCI I could take. Textbook was BAD
dry &boring teacher, lecture heavy. lectures seem to have little correlation to whats on tests. take lots of notes & read the book to study for the tests. doesnt provide study guides or any clue to what might be on the tests. hell take off points for miss spelled words italization errors. only good thing is he let the class out early.
I didnt mind this professor at first, but recently he has been so rude and inconsiderate. I find myself not wanting to go to this class because I get such a negative vibe. He takes off points if you spell something wrong and I also I feel like our lectures don't go along with the chapters. I wouldn't take this class again with this professor.
Worst teacher I ever had
In this particular instance, I wouldn't suggest this professor. He just tells you what to highlight in the textbook and that would be the deal. Its not a very hard class and all these fun little things so that would be the case. But I didn't learn much from that perspective. I did quick cram for exams though and that would be the deal. Get it?
It is very difficult to learn anything from professor Fanning's lectures. He mostly just points out sections in the book to know and rambles on about things absolutely no one can follow. Talks way over student's heads; does not know how to explain things in simple terms. Take anyone but Fanning.
After taking his class and being more confused by lectures than helped I don't know how he has such a high rating. Talk about teach to the test... the only thing you really get out of class is when he has you open the book and tells you what pages the test questions are from. I would not recommend him.
OMG, can you say typical accountant. He hikes his pants up to his chest and wears glasses three inches thick. Might as well hit the snooze button and skip this class, you'll be sleeping in 10 min anyway.
He does not provide feedback on grades given, and you go for weeks without knowing what grade you received on an assignment. He gets offended if you ask clarification questions on assignments.
Took this prof during the fall break mini. He was arrogant & wanted us to debate him to correct the grades. He wasn't using the new bk or pwrpts & hadn't adjusted his lectures to accommodate the new bk. He told us he didn't care what we put in the evaluation because he had signed his contract for the next 18 months. AVOID HIM OR BRING TYLENOL!!
If you know any C++ you will do very well in the class. He was the most lazy "professor" Ive ever taken. DONT TAKE HIM!
He cares a lot about philosophy. But he is the worst professor I've ever had. He lectures all hour with zero discussion from the class. At the beginning he seemed fine but as the semester progressed he increasingly talked about sex and sexual things in such a crude manner it made the entire class uncomfortable and detracted from everyone's learning
Horrible professor. Honestly cannot stand the guy. I learned NOTHING about philosophy.
scatter-brained lectures. often left class in the middle to figure out what he was supposed to already have ready. very rightwing and bashes any other viewpoint, however subtly. did not finish what was on syllabus, and assigned exam one week before it was due after giving the impression there was none. avoid at all costs. he will make phi miserable
very right wing, makes offensive comments, too narrow of a focus for a gen ed
consistently creepy. looks like an insurance agent (that's bad, by the way)
Preaches instead of teaches Book is impossible to read by self
He's not open to conversation.
HORRIBLE. Let's just say that this class helped me SWITCH majors and out of the business college. Discussion teacher was useless and only talked about Jack Daniels. Class focused on Exelon Exelon Exelon. She never taught - always guest speakers. Mandatory attendance.
THIS CLASS IS AWFUL. this is the most boring lecture that you will ever sit through and does not even relate a little bit to the business school. i learned nothing. the quizzes were on useless material supposedly from the book but reading doesnt even help. DONT BUY THE BOOK!
worst class. worst teacher. don't bother going to the lectures because you won't learn ANYTHING. was business undeclared and needed this class for guidance... and got nothing out of it. just stressed all semester about impossible homework assignments relating to exelon. textbook/lecture tests are impossible so do well on everything else.
Worst "professor". i heard 30 minutes of info on my major the entire semester. She doesnt explain anything and has no communication with her TAs. Luckily mine was amazing and didnt care about what Kydd said because he thought she didnt know anything about business. John's the man. if you get her as your discussion techer BEWARE!
This call was terrible. The tests were impossble and she expected us to know the mostrandom pieces of information from every lecture. One pop quiz for attendance dont be surprised. Avoid at all costs.
Terrible class: Boring lectures, impossible exams with questions that lacked a correct answer. Most importantly, she gives random quizzes that can take your grade down a whole letter. Avoid. Become A FINC major to avoid this class, it will be the best decision of your life!
She is very unclear about what she wants. When you have a question, she tells you to talk to the discussion teacher. Gives you all these projects that involve Exelon. HORRIBLE TEACHER
I hate her she doesnt teach anything. Aviod atall cost. If you need to declare a specific major and try to get out of it. The projects are impossible and pray for a good TA or disscusion teacher. The test are impossible.
This class is AWFUL. The lectures are so boring and the projects aren't explained clearly at all. The discussion teachers don't know what they're doing and Kydd tries to force operations management down your throat because it's her personal favorite. It sucks that this is a requirement for business majors...
This class was useless. This class almost turned me off businesss entirly. It was poorly organized and you do not learn anything except how to tune out a guest speaker during lecture. The discussion teachers do not attend lecture and assign unrelated work. GET OUT OF THIS CLASS
I can't imagine a class that I would hate more.
I learned a great deal, but most of what I learned was self-taught. Challenging projects, but Six provided very little help. His office hours were just prior to class (when the projects were due), and his e-mail "help" was useless. Class time was spent spead-reading "his" slides. The two weeks spent on graphics programming was a waste of time.
He expects way too much, the book is awful and you have to read chapters atleast 3-4 times before you start making the needed connections. That's what he's all about, connections between curves and relationships of functions, and that isn't exactly underlined in the book, you have to just read and read, and make them yourself. Take someone else!
Awful online textbook, dry lectures, mandatory attendance, impossible tests. STAY AWAY.
Mandatory attendance, dry lectures, ridiculously hard tests with a C being a 40%? Are you joking? What exactly is he trying to accomplish?
Don't take him. Save your GPA. Don't take him. Save your GPA. Don't take him. Save your GPA. 5 Ridiculously hard essay questions on test for a total of 75%. 25% is definition, you'll have to memorize every single one in the chapters. He's not a bad guy, he's really not, but he is an awful "teacher". YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
Horrible professor. He talks to his class like they're all experienced economists. The only good thing about his class is the curve and that there's no + or - in the grading. STAY AWAY FROM HIM.
This guy talks in a mono-toned voice and his lectures have absolutely no outline and his essay questions are impossible. APLIA can kiss my ass. Online text and online assignments are a waste of time and so is his class. STAY AWAY FROM HIM. If he's the only teacher u can take, don't take it and take summer school instead. His lectures are pointless.
Kartman doesn't make an effort to reword his expliantions when something doesn't make sense. He also dosen't make an effort to relate his math with happenings in the real world. You would think because of this he would try to come with a better attitude to class, but he also ruins your day with a monotone that will put you in a coma.
i have never in my life had a teacher who is as boring and uptight as kartman. I took econ with him only b/c it was the only time i could fit it into my schedule, but if i had to do it over i would have taken this class on weekends if it meant not having him as a teacher.
Try to find another teacher!
I lost respect for myself by staying in this class. From the first time he opened his mouth I knew to run in the other direction, but I tried to stick it out-that was a mistake. Real boring, real strict, real bad.
real hard. bad choice.
terrible teacher who does not help students understand. He has a weird sense of humor and wears a funny colored hat everyday. Avoid this class if you dont want to work hard. Take this class if u like economics.
don't even try. you will not understand, learn, or even do well even if you try. after the first week you won't even want to go to class take gordon!!!
This is the worst teacher I have ever had in all 3 of the colleges I have attended, and the other 2 were community colleges, If you take this class, you will regret it. Not straight forward, not helpfull, demeaning to students, ....
Very boring. Hated going to class. With format it's hard to get a good grade. Not very helpful. Makes the material boring.
Most boring and unclear prof I've ever had. Doesn't encourage class participation at all and doesn't care if students understand the material or not. Don't take this class even if it fits in to your schedule; it's not worth it!!!
I wanted to tell everyone before they make the biggest mistake of their lives. The most unclear, unable to teach, anal, unimaginative, zero sense of humor,boring teacher in my years of school. I had to take this class. Run away.
Worst teacher I've ever had. Everyone and anyone, turn around and go else where. I repeat, turn around!!!
He knows his stuff...only problem is, he doesn't know how to get the information through to his students. I spent the entire semester teaching myself! The quizzes aren't bad, it's the exams that get ya. Without the curve, the entire class would fail.
Does a poor job on everything...All quizes are hard and nearly impossible to study for, class lectures help in no way, you'll find yourself teaching econ to yourself before finals....avoid this man LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!!!!!!!!!!
worst professor i've ever had.he is a miserable ****.
very boring class. his voice puts you to sleep and makes the class seem like a whole day. be prepared for a nap.
If you manage to stay awake in this class I congratulate you... The tests are extremely hard and sometimes dont even cover class material. Ive never seen the average test score be above an F so study and pray for your well-being... ALOT
This class is awful! DO NOT TAKE IT unless you want to barely pass this clas with a C. You will study for his quizzes more than any final you'll ever have! He's not very understanding either.
Horrible clarity. Really acts like he wants his classes to fail. Curve BARELY helps. Multiple choice tests are very RARE.
He is really, really strict. His tests are the hardest I've ever taken, half essays and half problem. Toughest grader ever.
i hate his lectures...the monotone voice just eases you into sleep. the quizzes are impossible to do good on unless you hire a tutor or something! not stimulating or at least interesting at all. avoid his class!
TERRIBLE man.Don't answer Q's in other ways taught by other profs,must be his wa
Very boring and impossible quizes, avoid
His class is boring, the quizes get harder& harder. Read a lot to do well.
Teach yourself or get a tutor.
Arrogant, Tough Grader, Unhelpful
He is boring as hell. Looks and talks like Mr Freeze. Monotone.
this guy is the worst prof I've ever even heard of. aviod at all costs!!
WORST TEACHER EVER-- PLAN ON TEACHIN YOURSELF
DONT take this professor if you want to learn. I lasted one day in the class and had physical anxiety symptoms because of how awful & creepy he was. He droned on about himself, his very personal medical problems and his life story. Things NOT related to the class subject. Younger people might think this is inspiring, but no thanks. Take it online.
never
Do not take this class. Take the course somewhere else because you will hate this class with Don. His lectures make no sense, you will fail the midterm, and homework is considered an "enhancement." He's not clear with due dates. No powerpoints, just rambling. Takes attendance. Oh, and you won't understand his grading system. THIS CLASS IS A MESS!!
Worst professor I've ever had. Dropped the class & now taking it online at SDCC. He needs to be evaluated to see if he's even qualified to teach anymore. He'll start a sentence & then lose his train of thought, will ramble for 10 min about something else, & then ask us what he was talking about before. Lectures were a waste of time bc we learned 0.
This professor has no respect for his students and fails everyone on the midterm and the final. Has "enhancement" assignments but he doesn't tell anyone when they are due. His lectures are him just rambling on about legal jargon and having you write down entire civil codes. I'm a good student who has never gotten below a B and I barely passed.
Yes, he really is that bad. His grading criteria still does not make sense to me. His lectures are IMPOSSIBLE to follow (and I attended all but one class). He said himself that he doesn't believe in giving students good grades. A 35/50 on an exam is considered a great score. Take this class at another community college. Save yourself. Not worth it.
1000% has to be the worst professor at SDSU. He can't explain anything, he rambles on and on for every class randomly about "business law." Thinks the class understands him but in reality everyone is literally clueless. Don't bother asking questions, including simple things like "when is the midterm?" he will not understand what ur asking GUARENTEE
I was in the class until the 2nd week of school, he is a TERRIBLE lecturer, ULTRA confusing, rambles and rants about random things in no order, yells at students in a very rude fashion, does not say when things are due and randomly expects people to have things that he never asked for ready. Absolutely the worst profsr I've had at sdsu, take at CC!
This was probably the worst professor I have ever encountered!!! It was actually ridiculous how he treated his students. I dropped out the 2nd week of school due to an incident that happened. I asked him a question about the things he never announces that are due and he straight up got in my face and yelled at me I had to step back. Do not take!!!!
Just do not take this class, this is the best advice I can give
I seriously don't understand how this man is still allowed to teach.
This is the worst professor I've had at San Diego State University. His grading scale is the work of a complete lunatic. Perfect attendance copious notes the entire semester still did not give me a grasp of the subject. He lets you have all of the class materials at your disposal during tests an everyone still fails. Don't take this professor...
Avoid. Does not tell you when "enhancements" are due. Trying to follow lecture is impossible and he will call on you and then cut you off. Just avoid.
I do not understand a thing about law. I should not have passed this class. Lectures are hard to follow and are extremely unorganized. Expects you to know everything and gives no feedback on exams. Take quizzes online and do extra credit. Exams are extremely difficult.
Harrington is the worst professor I have ever had. He does not clearly outline the class and if you email him with questions he will not respond. Tips: Go to class Read the book to study for exams Do the case briefs (outline is in the book) Do all the enhancements! IDC how good of a test taker you are, you will not pass his exams! Good luck
He is an extremely nice guy in person and caring, want you to able to apply what you study in real world. Most of the time I just wasn't sure what to study and how to correctly brief a case. I wish he had spend more time on that early in the semester and perhaps consolidated all the lecture documents in one folder or powerpoint.
You're graded (mostly) on two exams. Midterm and final. While he will curve grades a ridiculous amount, it's almost impossible to do well. He rants about random things, touches the women in the class, and expects us to follow along when he's off topic half the time. I got a C for showing up to half the classes and scoring in the 20s on both exams.
Rambles during lectures and goes on constant tangents. Presents material in an unorganized fashion. It is nearly impossible to keep track of what he is talking about in class. Excepts far too much of students on exams. Impossible to truly study or prepare for tests and will not clearly define due dates and what we will be tested on.
He walks around the room during his ramblings and will stop to ask a specific person a question. As soon as they start to answer he interrupts them with the correct answer, not giving anyone a chance. If nobody starts to answer, he gets visibly frustrated. Most people that show up sit in the back. I normally sit in the front, but Ive moved back too
None of these reviews are an exaggeration. Hes the worst professor Ive had at SDSU. His syllabus is confusing and unclear and he refuses to give difinitive due dates so you never know what youre supposed to be doing. His lectures are just a string of incoherent rambles and rants. Just take the class at a CC.
Dude has no clue where he is. STRONGLY advice against.
He is the most confusing person and teacher I have ever had. His lectures make absolutely no sense. He rambles and switches topics constantly. There is no due date for 'homework' but if you don't turn it on the day he wants it you miss out on 'course enhancers'. The whole class is graded on an open book midterm and final, still very difficult.
He is not helpful if you try to ask questions, singles out students during lecture to yell at, and the class is very unstructured. Your grade depends on entirely on the final and midterm and what he calls enhancement credits which apparently can boost your grade if needed. His lectures are hard to follow and he is an extremely tough grader.
Avoid this teacher. He grades you solely on your midterm and final, everything else holds no weight. Seems doable but the class itself is very dense. The man likes to get hyper focused on a minute point of the course and repeat it for weeks. It vaguely appears on the tests but then you have to go in depth. He does curve his class.
AVOID THIS GUY. He is a smart guy, yet he expects all his students to think at the level of an advanced law student. However, his 240 class is mostly business students so you can see what the issue is. He also singles people out in class and makes you feel dumb, even if you've read and given an accurate answer. Tests are hard too.
AVOID THIS PROFESSOR. He will single you out and make you feel stupid when you ask questions and try to give answers. I read every single chapter intensively, studied weeks in advance, and barely got a C in the class. 2 in-class essay tests worth 50 points (your grade is mostly based on these). Answer AS MANY as you can. Toughest grader I've had.
Probably my least favorite (worst) professor I've ever had. This class was extremely disorganized and I (and most of my classmates) never knew what we were supposed to read or turn in. He doesn't listen to students' concerns about not knowing what assignments to do. His lectures are confusing. Take someone else if you can!
Basically your entire grade is reflective on your midterm anda final plus online quizlet quizzes. Going to class isn't necessary because he spends it ranting anyways. Your midterm and final is based on your understanding. The professor never goes over it nor gives clear explanation on how to get a good grade on it. Avoid if you can!!!
His grading system is weird and there is not clear dates as to when things are due. There was 120 points in the class total and if you had 82 then you had an A. Easy enough? The highest score on the midterm was a 36/50. He can make you feel stupid, although he is very knowledgeable. This class made me want to pull my hair out. It was frustrating.
Must do for points: weekly quizzes (every answer can be googled); mid semester article quiz (easy, just read article but take it seriously); do the briefs on the midterm questions; for tests just memorize where to find answers in the book because tests are open note; going to class or doing any other assignments or briefs is unnecessary.
Avoid at all cost. His teaching style to completely out of date (being he is an older gentleman). During his lectures he uses a short hand consisting of symbols and single letters to badly express important points. There are 2 tests and they are very subjective. The average score was a 15/50. He offers very little guidance for test preparation.
By far the worst professor on SDSU's campus. Rambles and is unclear about what is due. Head the warnings and don't take this class at all costs.
If you take this professor you will think you are failing the entire time, what most student don't realize though is that the curve is so large that it makes it really easy to pass. His tests are impossible and he could not be any more unclear about when things are due or even when the tests are. I got D's on both tests and ended with an A.
Lectures are on topic but he randomly decides to rant which can take up entire class sessions. He is hard to understand and if you're brave enough to answer one of his questions he will make you feel insignificant if the wording isn't to his liking. I would suggest you stay away from this class and take it with a different teacher.
If you can, avoid his class. Yes, business law is a difficult subject but I felt like he just made it even more confusing and harder than it needed to be. Truthfully, I didn't do much and I'm pretty sure I failed both the midterm and final but I got a C and passed so thats good I guess! All his extra little assignments will help with your grade.
Wanna pass? Here's how: 1. BRING YOUR LAPTOP TO CLASS: He rambles & says a lot of things under his breath so use your laptop to catch those little side notes 2. KNOW THE CIVIL CODES: you'll know more once you begin the class but having a CC for each topic will make the exams a breeze 3. DO ALL QUIZZESEXTRA CREDIT: believe me, every bit helps
How to survive FIN 240 with D. Harrington: 1) Read the chapters before class. 2) Read the cases on Blackboard that are red. 3) Brief as many cases as possible to practice for the midterm and final. 4) Attendance is mandatory. 5) It's about APPLICATION not memorization, so use your critical thinking. He does not teach, you must teach yourself.
He is horrible. His lectures consist of him rambling on about law terms he expects you to already know. He makes fun of anyone who asks questions and his tests are ridiculous. He offers only 120 possible points so make sure and do the quizzes even though they are optional. Avoid at all costs.
This man is stuck in his ways. He believes that by assigning hundreds of reading and lecturing at you for three hours you'll learn everything. Take this course if you automatically know everything about business law, and other law, because he loved to stray from the subject he is suppose to teach.
I have received A's in almost all pre business courses. He is not helpful at all. He doesn't have any patience for students. It is also to difficult to communicate with him. Do not enroll in this course. Take it at a jc, even if you plan on applying to master's degree program
thanks for absolutely NOTHING
RUN! JUST TURN AROND AND RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN! Terrible, senile, rambling man. You will come out of this class feeling like you have been hit by a bus. Needless to say, I got an A but it was to stupid. Learned nothing. And it was hard.
Pick the other professor! Harrington is a joke and awful teacher. I was certain I would fail the class but got a C. Dont worry too much about the assignments but make sure to go to class, he takes roll. I did most of the quizzes and none of the briefs except the ones due last day of class and failed both the midterm and final but passed!
i emailed him 3 times toward the end of the semester with no response. he actually asked me to email him and expected it and still nothing. you never know whats going to be on the exams, online quizzes are low % of grade. you only need an 80 to get an A, i got a C. makes you feel stupid if he calls on you and takes attendance everyday
I am in his class right now, and i have no idea what he is even talking about. He is very unclear and expects the perfect answer everytime you are called on. Do not take him take Graff.
The grading scale looks easy at first (you only need 80 points for an A and he offers two 50 point tests). But he grades tough. And his lectures are a waste of time because he goes off topic a lot. Not to mention he's rude if you ask him questions. I managed a B+, but i definitely did not enjoy the class.
Don't take this teacher! Very boring and all the comments before about sum it up. Two exams, mid-term and final, each with five essay questions where you have to incorporate all the laws, statutes, and principles learned in the book, since what he says in class is irrelevant and hard to understand because of his extremely long tangents. Take Block!
This class is very hard and very boring. You are not allowed to wear hats or eat in class. He makes fun of you if you give wrong answers and his writing is very difficult to read. It is hard to take notes because he goes off on a lot of tangents. Every girl in my class is scared of him.
Harrington requires attendance, although his lectures are useless. Grades tests hard, but huge grading curve makes up for it. I would take a different course that fulfills the requirement.
This guy is straight up boo boo! He doesn't help, and when u ask a question he looks at u if u are dumb and makes fun of u in front of the class. The topic is very interesting but if u don't write exactly what he wants because he is a lawyer and thinks he knows it all, then u will have a hard time passing. trust me i passed with a C barely!
Do not take this class. He grades ridiculously hard and doesn't care about any of his students.
harrington doesn't make this class easy for anyone. he is lawyer so he knows the subject very well and he expects you to know it as well as he does. if you don't understand what he is saying he gets upset. overall hard class based on two tests. take the class if you want to be called a class of alzheimer students when nobody answers his questions
Ridiculous tests and ridiculously hard grader.
BE WARNED... His class is a complete waste of time! DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!
Class is extremely difficult. Attendance is mandatory, he takes role every class. Very confusing and hard to understand. Does not follow the syllabus. There are only two tests, which are open-book, however, very confusing. I would not recommed this class to anyone!
Possibly the worst teacher I've ever had. I walked out of every lecture more confused than I was when I walked in. He's a ridiculous grader, but his curve is nuts so everyone ends up doing alright in the end. Frustrating class because he doesn't follow the syllabus and doesn't give you much of a clue of how to study. Avoid this class if you can!
His lectures are hard to understand because he jumps from topic to topic. For the tests, study the book, not the cases. The tests are all blue-book, and he grades by looking for specific phrases and terminology. Tests are open book, open notes. Don't take this class looking for an A.
Not an easy class...I went to class almost every day and still didn't do too well. Tests are hard because they are blue book and not a lot of time. He has a big curve so its hard to get lower than a C
horrible
It was the only class I ever got lower then a C. It was unfair because I went to every class and went to his office hours every week and still failed me. Stay away.
Do NOT TAKE WITH THIS Guy....take this class at a community college and have it transfer! It will save you the pain of his class. If you a Frat guy, dont tell him. If your not an SAE like he was, he will fail you!
Harrington is knowledgeable about the material, but does not know how to teach it. Dont try to follow your grade throughout the semester. I left early, missed the extra credit quiz, didn't finish the midterm and did pretty well on final and ended up with a B. Downside not an easy A and impossible to sit through night class, Upside everyone passes.
was rediculously hard. do not take him if possible. he thinks we are lawyers like him. very strict and will call on students and make them feel stupid! watch out
everything is true. this is not a rating where everyone is inaccurate! i pulled all A's fall 2004 semester except I got a C in his class! unclear about what he wants on midterm and finals. open notes and book, but you'll need it. can't articulate to save his life. avoid him at all costs.
Huge Curve, I should have failed but I ended with a C. This guy is nuts! Try to find another prof if possible! No matter what you say in this class, you are wrong.
DONT TAKE unless totally necessary. I LOVE LAW- and I HATED him. He's a real lawyer, and apparently unhappy otherwise- has fun picking on people, etc. Posts on blackboard w/o saying its an assignment or emailing about it, essay midterm & final. Wretched class to sit through.
This guy is the biggest jerk I have ever met! Not only are his tests graded ridiculously hard, there are only 2 of them to base your grade from! The worst professor I have ever had...I don't know one person with a grade better than C. Dont take him!!!!!
Completely unorganized thoughts and lecture. Goes off on tangents. Be sure to look at Blackboard all the time. He'll post something but not email you that he did nor post a message on his class site that there's something new to look at. You have no idea when you do and don't have homework.
This man must have lost his mind somewhere along the line. He can't or will not answer even the most simple questions about how his class is organized. I have heard the other professor is that teaches FIN 604 is far superior. I was excited for this class, now I wish that I had never taken it.
He's an ignorant teacher, do not try and argue w/ him, just stay quiet and make sure he doesnt pick on you, his notes are scattered which means he's not a good lecturer, he gives lots of case studies to read, his test are super hard even w/ open notes n book. Overall, he's a very bad teacher.
this class sucked!! pretty interesting but the tests were super hard. if you can don't take this class, yes the tests are open notes/book but trust me you really don't have time to look anything up with having to answer 5 essay questions in one hour!!
Only went to his class times and got a B. Study for the test using the book, and know where everything is in it. Study hard for tests, ignore lecture and focus on the chapters and be sweet like me.
Thank you Harrington for ruining my grade.
He is extremely hard. Bad attitude and bad class. Lectures are unclear and boring. Do not take him!
This guy might be one of the worst teachers ever to teach! Takes pride in embarrassing people in class, doesnt finish sentances and skips around the whole period. if you have other options exploit them ASAP!!!
Had no idea what he was talking about most of the time. If you read the book and are able to teach yourself, you'll pass. Only two, pretty hard tests go into your grade, avoid him if you can, take Block.
THIS IS THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER TAKEN!!!!! HE DOESN'T GO OVER THE BOOK, HARDLY COVERS THE MIDTERM AND FINAL, AND HIS LECTURES AREN'T EVEN HELPFUL! DON'T TAKE HIM!!!! >=0
The lectures are not that bad, but the tests are hard.So, watch out!
Unapproachable. Doesn't help anyone. Hard grader.
his class is too hard, don't take it!!!!
This class was one of the harder ones I've taken, next to mis301. Tyagi does mandatory attendance based on a seating chart. His lectures are so boring... he talks at the speed of a snail and it puts you to sleep. The group project is a lot of work, but he spaces it out throughout the semester which makes it easier at the end. Tests were hard.
Boring class. He reads off ppts the whole time as students write as quickly as they can. He will not post the ppts on blackboard. 25% of the grade hw/participation/attendance then 3 exams @25% each. The HW each week is 100 LS questions. He does not update attendance/participation/ex cr grades until final grade. Exams can be a bit tricky- 60 MC qs.
Absolute JOKE! Avoid him if you can. He represented everything that is wrong with the MBA: No industry experience, treats you like a child, and completely out of touch with current business. How can you honestly run a marketing research class with no qualitative research work. All that was bad but the lecture was the worst, dry and meaningless.
i have never seen a professor as bad as this one.
Couldn't stand it! His lectures we're extremely dull and boring. He has a mono-tone voice and strong accent. Test were suprisingly difficult and he does not give enough knowledge to do well on the project. I would avoid him if possible.
Pick a good group. You are stuck with them all semester. It helps to take this class with friends so time goes by faster while he is talking out of his ass.
Class pretty much sucked. Tests were hard and confusing because you never really can tell what he is saying. Write down everything he writes on the board. haha i can't believe someone called out that frat guy, how hilarious!
horrible. keeps attendence, tests are very abstract, hard to follow, unorganized, thinks he's funny. i don't think he even knows what he's talking about. make sure to get into a good group. lectures are painful. TAKE PROF WOOD!
Going to his lectures was the hard part, felt like a waste of time (and gas), I stopped going because they were so inept, you'll learn nothing. Just read the books (get the study guide) and coast to an easy a/b, I did.If your a ccs student you probably read most of the texts he assigned anyways. Just dont bother going to his Lectures, they suck.
My god!!I had never seen a teacher so unorganized and soooo lazy. All he did was talk about food! He always wanted to be eating instead of teaching and classes on fridays were always canceled which seems good, but he made me get up from bed, drive all the way to SDSU for NOTHING! I did not learn anything frm this class.waste of my time..waste of my money! Dont buy his Bracero book its a waste of money and it cant be sold back since he is still revising it (i believe its done on purpose to sell more copies).
Very worth it to take it if you have too much on your plate. The class is a circus. He needs to do something else than teaching.
he has a thick accent.. so u have to concentrate in what he says.. which is not much anyway. he will begin to teach u something and then wonder off. he cancels class way too many times. u only have 2 tests and 1 paper and the tests r tricky and dont buy the books..u dont use them..waste of money
Terrible professor. Spent the whole time going over the last day's homework because no one understood it because he taught so poorly. That left little time at the end to teach the material and this was an ongoing cycle.
Professor makes tests very difficult, he picks small details for tests about things that you wont remember even if you do the reading. Lectures are also horrible, very long and wordy. Things that could be explained in under a minute minutes take ten minutes to say, also gives unclear directions and assignments. Made an easy class very difficult.
If you take a class with Ellis you need to prepare for the worst. He has a tendency to act condescending & very rude most the time. The way he conducts a classroom is an insult to anyone who teaches. Be prepared for a heavy workload of assignments. He treats this & other 100 lvl classes as if they are 3/400 lvl. Changes HW constantly-Not courteous.
Roger may have experience as an actor, but it's no substitute for teaching. He has been incredibly hypercritical since the start and very few criticisms have been constructive. I feel as if nothing I do is right in the class and it doesn't help that he acts condescending. He also forgets to post assignments and expects you to make up lost time.
Very unclear of what he wants. Says one thing but really means something else. Gives you examples and then you follow the examples, and you did it wrong.
Exams were almost all open book, but speeches were graded under intense scrutiny. All my classmates said I deserved an A but Ellis thought I deserved a C. His material is outdated, and so are his methods. Would recommend to not take.
Awful. Worst prof I've ever had at GV. Very unwilling to work with people
This class was a waste of my time and money. For being a 101 course, there was too much work involved. This guy never stays on topic during lectures, quizzes over random material, and he grades his papers/assignments too harshly. There are two mandatory plays of the semester, neither of which are free for CTH students ($6 per ticket).
You can get a decent grade if you speak up a lot in class and do the extra credit. Other than that he is a HORRIBLE grader. And the pre-tests and final are ridiculous. I would go with another theatre teacher.
HORRIBLE!. Do not take him. Unless you want to commit your life to get an A in a 100 level class.
You will find yourself wondering why you didn't decide to take a different Gen Ed within two classes. In order to get full participation, you must raise your hand and comment every class period, or you will get a C. Treats his class like a level 300 course. Avoid at all costs. Do not take this professor.
Hate hate hate hate hated this class. He was impossible to understand, tests were on things we'd never even talked about, and basically everything we talked about was completely useless.
This professor is completely full of himself. He made us take a test on the anthology he wrote for his book; arrogant much? Suffering through his class was absolutely miserable and I would not recommend anyone to take his class. Not only is it painful to hear him talk, the tests are ridiculously hard. I dreaded walking into that class.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS..its horrible the lecture are long and boring..he loves to hear himself talk...the tests are extremely hard..
This man is a freakin' whackjob. Makes us do degrading and embarrassing things. He talks to down to students in a demeaning manner. Extra lab hours, reading, and tests from the text book. Too mentally and physically draining. I'm SO glad to get out of that class! I would never take a class with him ever again.
He is a sad excuse for a human being let alone a professor. He made us use books that he edited... someone is full of himself. The only people who like him are (a.k.a his favorites)who have worked with him or drama queens and don't know how to act.
I would rather stare at naked pictures of Donald Trump than spend one minute in Ellis' presence.
I got an A in the class but it was horrible I would advise anyone to drop the class. I could have take the class without ever going because he test right from the book and the plays you see. Get another prof. if you can and never take him 8am
This class is horrible. I feel that i am wasting my money having to sit there and listen to him. If someone asks him a question he just says "look at your lecture notes." He rambles on about nothing pertaining to the lecture for the day. Drop
THIS GUY SUCKS! He just talks about nothing the whole class. Tests are very hard most of the kids in my class got C's. FIND SOMEONE ELES!
This guy honestly scares me. Pretty easy class but he's kinda weird. Lectures repeat the same thing over and over and over again.
His ridiculous teaching methods include public humiliation and pretentious questioning. Worst prof yet.
A total waste of my time. He loves to hear himself talk. He seems like a good guy, just not a very good teacher. Tests are mainly open book but that doesn't mean they're easy. Go to plays, turn in responses, bring you headphones and you'll be fine.
He is a time waster. I hardly go to class even though he takes attendance. He talks about nothing and seriously just talks to hear himself. Hard tests, ambiguous questions. DON'T TAKE HIM!
LOVES to hear himself talk. lectures over NOTHING and makes tests extremely difficult. i would recommend switching. this class is DEFINATELY not worth the effort, and it's not worth trying to please him
Ugh.. NO
very hard tests. he likes to talk a lot. I think he likes to hear himself.
uninteresting
He wrote the book and likes to hear himself talk. Worst prof EVER.
Interesting language used by him! Too old to be saying things like "nookie!"
DO NOT take this class! (just a warning)
Do extra credit. His expectations are unclear. Kindof boring.
GET OUT NOW!!!! not worth taking for a gen ed!!!
He is Hannibal's brother. He will eat you.
Don't bother if you want to learn something
my presentation made a mockery of his class, b/c it was a joke
His favorite words are Review, Review, Review...there is no new material!
impossible to take notes, can't tell what he wants, don't skip--just sleep there
Do not take him if you have the option...didn't understand his stupid lectures
Horrible prof....could care less about students...lectures are BORING!
Poor excuse for a professor. Impossible to determine what the man expects.
He's very interesting if you can get him off the subject
Good class to take nap in. Hard to read or understand notes.
Have an extreme interest in theatre before taking this class
TOO old to be teaching.... I think he lost his mind.... or from another planet
Boring. Has a fascination with singing in class (albeit very off key)
Completely and utterly disorganized. This whole class is a mess. He has no sense of instruction and never explains what he wants from projects or assignments. Cannot answer the questions you ask. Repeats same old stories that don't have a real point or meaning. Examples in class are extremely fast and chaotic so you cannot understand. Good luck
rambles uncontrollably. In general he is a nice guy but completely out of his league teaching accounting. He reads straight off the slides that are all posted on sakai & can barely answer questions. His whole section of the lodmod project is a mess and he cant even help you because he is using another professors outline. This class is a mess
He is very boring, and he loves to tell jokes that are not funny. It is not helpful at all even if you ask him questions. The class and the tests are hard.
He is a horrible teacher
unclear,very boring, useless class
unfair grading is he doesnt like you watch out he will grade you harder and even give you a D even if you dont earn it, watch out unless you like kissing butt
no one can get A in his class. He dosent change the materials over the years. If u have all essays and exams u will get an A. i dont like him personally.
Kept talking about his mother. I don't know what she's got to do with mixing slip, but there it is. He's more interested in landscaping than teaching. Some folks should just not have tenure.
I had him for Intermediate 2. DO NOT TAKE HIM. He is a waste of your time, he is paranoid that everyone is out to get him, and you learn nothing about ceramics in his class. At this stage in my course outline, I should be doing all firings myself. He has taken my work and fired it. I have no idea what he did or why he did it. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
This class was worthless... the man has smoked all of his brain cells away. If you need a 3-D studio to blow off then this is your guy. If you want to learn something other than blowing up your pieces take anyone else
if you don't have to take him, don't. he talks too much, not about ceramics, and is very unclear with projects. doesn't help you either. if you ask for help, he talks about nazis and condoms for 2 hours. literally.
usually not there
The lecture really doesn't match at all, and you have to read everything. Quizzes and exams are all in the book, and you have to really pay attention when you read because if you do not, you will not pass. The only nice thing is that you take one quiz every week, and he only takes the top 5 quiz scores.
Very strict, and his quizes and tests are very hard.
This guy gives amounts of work that would literally be impossible for him to grade in a week. Like the majority of Penn West Professors, he is not good. Please avoid. He requires "adequate "discussion posts but refuses to elaborate on what that means.
The class average for the midterm was 74%. Only 74%. He offered zero feedback on what you did wrong, and what you can work on to do better. The midterm was essay based, and I imagine the final will be similar, as well. It's extremely disheartening as this is my first time taking an online class, and he is not making the experience pleasant.
I should've dropped this class a long time ago. Very monotone voice, says 'um" about 37 times in 3 minutes (yes we counted). Book readings rarely line with lectures (that are all over the place). Quizzes every week. Tests are a lot as you have to memorize over 1,000 years per test... Do not take... I feel that I learned nothing.
Not clear with instruction, does not care about you or your grade.
He bullied me and made snide remarks in class about where I worked and my job outside of school despite it being respectable. I don't know if he had an issue with me or adult students or female students or had a bad experience with someone in my profession but he was not professional. It was to the point that other students asked about it.
Be aware of weekly quizzes (not pop); doesnt use D2L; Im taking two 400+ (senior) level courses at the same time, both of which are easier than this course. Doesnt give extra credit.
Taking Holocaust on Film for my last semester as a free elective and to sum it up has to be one of the biggest mistakes I’ve made. He has weekly quizzes that includes questions from not only the current weeks film but from PREVIOUS weeks. You’re basically expected to memorize his lectures and all the films and it’s ridiculous for a 100 class.
He only does lectures on the board, very monotone, and no enthusiasum whatsoever. The entire course is nothing but quizzes and tests.
Do not take this class by all means possible. Take Hist 380 at a different university. You have been warned.
If you can at all avoid this man PLEASE DO SO. This class has been the worst thing I have ever done in my life. I have never gotten below a B on a history paper as a history major, and even after going to him for feedback on my rough draft he still gave me a 60%. Very vague on the criteria for the course and obviously does not care about students.
If you like writing multiple 1000+ word essays for a single weeks grade, this is the class for you.
Absolute torture. The reading itself isn't bad (although there is a lot of it), but the work expected makes it feel more like reporting to a parole officer than learning. A summary is not an adequate "essay" or test to check for understanding, yet he relies heavily on that and quizzes. His "feedback" is harsh, vague, and aggressive. Just awful.
AVOID THIS MAN ESPECIALLY IF YOURE DOING ONLINE! I have him for 2 classes and failed miserably bc he doesnt do zoom, doesnt post assignments, and only tells you abt things 1 time. If you can take your class with a different prof do it. Also the final exam for this class was 2 essay both 1,000 words
This man is the most boring and awful professor in the world. I would rather watch paint dry than sit through his class. AVOID THIS MAN!!!!!!!!!!
The tests were impossible to do well on. He selects material from all six books that are required for this class. I even went to his office hours for him to look over my paper. The papers letter grade then drop down a whole grade DOWN!! I would NOT RECOMMEND TAKING ANY OF HIS CLASSES!! unless you want to have the worst semester of your LIFE!!
For the love of god, I would rather be attacked by a rabid dog than take this professor ever again. AVOID THIS MAN
Dr. Bemko's class was difficult as he made class extremely boring. He constantly made class feel hostile and I felt as if I couldn't ask any questions. Blue books were required for this class, and tests were difficult and needed hours of studying a day to keep up.
Being a nursing major, I wish I would have dropped this class when I could. His lectures are long and confusing and often adds information that is not needed at all. He often starts to lecture on one topic, begins on a long tangent, and then does not finish his point of what he was trying to say in the first place. This class is frustrating.
This class is extremely challenging and if you don't need it for your major, I suggest you don't take it. Bemko is very petty, and condescending to his students. He's a really intelligent person who knows a lot about history, but he expects way too much from his students in this course.
Super hard class. No homework just tests. Very dry. The class drags on and on. I would not recommend taking this class. He was the worst professor I have ever had.
Smart guy, but full of himself. Actually rolls his eyes at student questions. Impossible to please with papers, so be prepared. Read ALL materials! Total shmuck when it comes to grading! Be prepared to work your behind off for minimum grades.
Do you ever wonder while reading a professor's ratings, whether his Jekyll/Hyde swings are because the professor rates himself or if it is the result of his machinations? Do students lie hoping for a grade boost? I wonder.
This guy is the number one person to avoid taking classes with. He assigns incalculable amounts of homework and reading, and babbles on all of class never making sense. I have a passion for history and taking his class is the one class I hate above all. Avoid this man if you can.
Wants nothing but respect but then treats his students with total disrespect. Told our class to our faces that we are dumb and the university is dumb for thinking we are smart. Very narrow-minded and makes it totally obvious that he hates teaching us. Who knows why he does it, when it just makes him miserable.
I can't stand the man. He can't teach worth crap, he's ignorant and doesn't help at all b/c he is so mean nobody wants to ask questions.
This guy is a total ass. He has a huge superiority complex where he thinks he is better than anyone in the room. Epically young college students and teenagers. I have a friend in the class who is 17 and that friend has to be the the brightest person in that class and bemko totally bashes everyone saying they are stupid compared to him.
Pretty awful
This guy is crazy. Not only is he rude and insensitive, but he rambles on in his lectures about things that have little or no relevance to subject materials. His tests are impossible, he teaches by authoritarian intimidation, and well, he just sucks. Avoid.
I took this guy my first semester of my freshman year. And yeah...this guy scared me. NOT a good teacher AT ALL..and I know..I'm going into education. His tests are super hard. He gives out extra credit assignments, but doesnt give you any points for them. Avoid this man if possible.
The most annoying thing about this guy is the fact that he freaking slammed teh door every day to start class...in my opinion that is very unprofessional. His grading policy seems like it's to help you...and I'm sure it is...but it just confused me.
The only C I ever got at the 'Boro. Avoid him at all costs.
jerk
Horrible teacher, he seems to think that he is also an English teacher. His homework is a joke and he has his own set of grammar rules for chapter summeries. The class was boring and I didn't learn anything.
Spends too much time discussing events that happened before 1945 even though the class is suppose to be since 1945. Too much information to memorize for the the midterm that consisted of answering less than 6 questions.
Horrible Teacher, he won't help you if you aren't able to talk to him during his office hours. If your a Republican he will make you feel singled out. WAY TOO MUCH WORK 5 Chapt. summeries 2 Case studies, 2 Exams that are Essay only with material from 8 different books! Don't take him, save yourself!
What an idiot! Really thinks he's above everyone,but he's a total joke. Loves to belittle and make students feel like they are wasting his time when asking a question. Obviously hates his life. Do not take-I repeat-do not.
Suicide has got to be more pleasant than this guy! Has the personality of a rock in hell! Test are 50 points essay/50 points short answer. Yet he takes off points on short answers for there shortness? You will read and read and read and read! Quit col
This is one of those teachers that doesn't want students to get ahead in life...he gets off on belittling students. One boring man who probably has never did anything in his life that is interesting but read. He should loosen his belt a little.
he really bites
id rather kill myself than take this guy again.......dropped his class and im a straight A student, what a waste of time, do not take this guy (unless your a huge dork with the personality of a shoe)
You can't take him too seriously.I think he tries to intimidate his students and he is pretty tough to figure out what he wants.
he's so rude and offends many people in the class, he is the worst professor I've ever had and he's hard to understand what he wants outta the class
He's a **** and kissed my dad.
He is the worst prof. He is rude and difficult to deal with
unapproachable; rude, very hard to go to for help or if you don't understand
Ihor has serious ego problems, take the class with anyone else you can.
Made fun of art and speech com major and non traditoinal students
She is a bad professor and person. She lies and is manipulative. She will make things up about students and professors. Do not trust her. Do not ask her for a letter of recomendation or trust her to say positive things.
I was very excited to take Af.Am. Lit, but instead of important works, she makes us read her own novels. On the first day of class she said a lot of things that were COMPLETELY WRONG (ex, feudalism is the first time slavery existed in the world).
She is a very intelligent person; however, she does not have the people skills to teach a lecture class. She scolds us like we're middle schoolers, yet will swear many times in a 1:15 lecture. I'm not opposed to religion, but she preaches to the class, and doesn't allow opposing views to be heard.
Liberal maybe, but totally unaccepting of any ideas other than her own Likewise, Neff is biased against ANYONW who is not Just like Her, or anyone with enought guts to speak their mind, just as she herself proports to encourage.
Maybe if she'd actually try TEACHING what was on our exams...MAYBE, just maybe, people would have a chance at passing the class...it was total bologna that most...like 90% of our exams were on the STUPID book that we NEVER touched in class...something seems wrong there...
TERRIBLE!!!! She has the worst nutso attitude. Freaks out about everything. Exams are incredibly hard! She grades things one way and after a student puts their input gives you a worse grade then you deserved. And what the hell is with those outfits!
accuses students of cheating without proof
He is pure evil..clearly does not care about how well you do in class
MUST NOT BE A GOOD TEACHER IF THE CLASS IS OVER & I STILL CANT PRONOUNCE HIS NAM
very unclea
Lectures make no sense. Very weird prof. Take a different professor
His textbook is the reason I'm failing comp math 1. I've never read anything so poorly written. There's not even an alternate text given, since he just wants you to buy the one he wrote.
DON'T TAKE HIS CLASS. Terrible lectures. Can't explain anything. Hard class. Seems nice, but a real jerk. I don't know what these other ratings are talking about. Stay away.
The worst teacher i ever had.Stay away from him
Roos is such a nice lady, but she is not meant for teaching. The class had no structure, and while I received an A, I learned nothing except how to BS my way through more.
Class has absolutely structure. Assignments are weighted oddly, which makes you stress over memorizing a large amount of glossary terms for the exams. Exams are simple definition and you feel as though you are doing well and then get the exam back with a bad grade. Class is pure lecture and very dull. Class needs revision. Good luck.
extremely boring class, no structure in lectures, I suggest a different prof if you have to take this class.
She is not a very good teacher. She does not explain things very well...always asking "do you know what I mean?" Impossible to receive full credit unless you're a theatre major - she'll won't tell you why you only get 19 / 20 points.
Don't take this class, not because his essays are unclear and not because the class is extremely boring and 4 HOURS long, but because Leitch believes that the movies he picks are thought provoking- however they're about dead dogs and cut up eyes. 5 assignments that are unclear and you'll want to leave seconds after entering- awful class w NO VALUE
Don't sit in the front row! His breath is so bad it'll stop a charging rhino!! VERY pompous--thinks he's God's gift to teaching.
Calling Dr. Maynard eccentric is a nice way of putting it. If she doesn't like you, you'll know (Does she like anyone?). Never teaches what is tested on- just yells at you for not watching the news. And if you do, she'll still publicly embarrass you. Read the book if you dare take her. Lucky to have made a B when I made A's in everything else.
I'm a good student. I do the reading & the work. I usually get along with eccentric people, but she didn't like me from the beginning, & made it clear it wasn't going to get any better. If she doesn't like you, just drop this class. She was not at all helpful & often downright snotty. Won't talk before or after class, & never available other times.
Grade is determined by 2 tests and a term paper. She definitely shows favoritism towards people who don't miss class often. I haven't learned much from the class except her political opinion and she's a complete loon. I would never take her for another class.
don't bother to buy the book, you'll NEVER use it only for a coaster. She is BIAS as everyone says, no help, and offers no opportunities to raise grade. She only has 3 test which chose whether you pass or fail, it's all up to you. She's a smart ass in some since who thinks you should learn as she does.
Dr. Maynard is completely bias. She hates men, and you can almost catch her being **** every once in a while. Her class is fairly easy if you study just don't expect her to help you with anything if you are a guy. She slammed her door in my face one day.
you cant follow her to take good notes... she doesnt complete all her thoughts... she tells stupid stories that are not true... dont take her she will drive you crazy
She makes NO sense... she makes you laugh sometimes and has this freaky twitch smile thing.. Shes a cell phone NAZI... and she has alot of thing that get on her nerves... playing with your hair, tapping you pencil, anything little like that she will notice it.. you have to take good notes
insane!! freakishly hard. she's funny, but i didn't attend the class for funny. her exams are nuts. why bother taking notes and reading the chapter. it's not like she's going to ask any questions that include what you've went over.
Very cuckie lady. Lectures are boring, but the notes you take seem to flow. The tests come straight from the notes and are hard if you don't study. Don't buy the book...you'll never use it nor refer to it. Gives quizzes to monitor attendance. Each one you miss lowers your grade by a half letter grade. It will hurt you end the end. Not like others!!
TRULY HORRIBLE!!!! She is one of the worst teachers here that I have ever had the displeasure of taking. UTM needs to go on ahead and retire her so she can go back home and let her cats be bored and listen to her rambling and possibly laugh at her too!!
She is very biased. I got a D in the class (because I argued with her) when I should've gotten at least a C. I passed all her tests w/o studying but when I took the final I actually studied and I came out with a D. It was mathematically impossible!
she is not good . she hates football players or any student who plays a sports. i know i play football and she will not help you either. stay away from maynard
She is not much of a teacher. She doesnt give a outline to study before test and she rambles and squeaks about everything so its hard to take good notes to have something to study. She's very liberal,not christian by any stretch,& hates men.
She shares alot of false info. with the class not pertaining to Sociology,she seems to have been sheltered for several years. She is just very misleading and i would not recommend taking her class.Her knowledge is not very well rounded.
Very hard and she sucks as a teacher.
She talk about things just like she knows first hand and then when someone brings up that her facts arent correct and has proof to back it,she balks and changes her story.THAT'S JUST LIKE A DEMOCRATE
My first comment was allowed on here too because it was so honest. She screwed me over on my grades because I argued with her in class. She is mean and annoying. Tell me how can I pass all of her tests without studying but fail her final when I do study&#
It would not have been a hard class except for her making her test very confusing. Everyone in the class agrees w/me. She doesn't like men very well.
Very upbeat, smiling, and helpful. His approach to capstone, (research project of your choice, paper, presentation) was effective in accomplishing what a capstone is all about--capping off YOUR undergrad career with something pertiant to you!
For lectures, she reads from her own notes and only have pictures to present to you. It's really hard to follow, she doesn't explain things well. Wasn't very friendly when I went to go see her in office hours. The exams are also difficult. She has essay questions and even though you write everything you learned in class, it would be half credit.
Dr. Burg was very bad at responding to emails. She has a short fuse and once you blow it, that's it for the rest of the semester. I would recommend taking anyone else.
Turned Health into Biotechnology. Way too in depth for a 100 level course.
She teaches it as if it was a 400 level class...Boring, take with someone else!!
THIS IS A 100 LEVEL CLASS and she teaches like it is a 400
THE WORST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD. She reads directly out of the book
i really hope they are not paying her a lot!!!
This lady is unreal. Tests extremely long and hard. Drop the class!
Boring, talks in monotone - read the book and you'll do okay.
Boring, monotonous, dull and NOT NICE!!
She means well, and she is a fun person, but she is so confusing and half the time she teaches the material wrong and has to go back and reteach it. If you ask her for help, her explanations only make you more confused than you were before. She makes the material way harder than it has to be. Her examples are nothing like the homework we have.
Horrible. Lectures are long and they are not clear. Only gives story problems and barely covers material. If you aren't good at math naturally DO NOT TAKE HER. You have to teach yourself most of the information and you will basically live in the math center to pass the exams. Horrible prof
Friar is such a kindhearted woman. She genuinely wants the best for you. However, she does give a lot lot lot of busy work. She rambles a lot and her expectations can be unclear. I didn't find it too difficult& gained a lot of new teaching strategies. Just have to sit through a lot of useless rambling and unnecessary work. I would take her again.
She is hard to understand, and often loses her train of thought. It can be very hard to fellow along with what she is teaching. Sometimes it seems she doesn't know what she is doing.
HORRIBLE. She is the worst prof. at GV. She should be fired, but she has tenure. DO NOT TAKE HER. In the interest of your own education, take someone else. She never knows what she is doing and you know more than she does. She does not help and she talks to you like you are stupid.
Horribal! Words cant come close to describe her teachings. She is always confused and never coherent to what is going on. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASSES
She is the WORST professor I have ever had. She gets confused every day like she doesn't understand what she is teaching. She uses the word "lovely" like it is going out of style and is IMPOSSIBLE to talk to. If you value your education avoid her at all costs. She she be fired. I think i know more about math than she does.
This professor is SO bad! She talks down to you like you are a child and then she acts super surprised by anything you say. I dont think she even knows what she is teaching half the time.
I would not recommend her, but if you find yourself stuck in her class, do not buy ANY of the books or texts. She does not use the texts at all for the class. Waste of money. Her attention is very easily distracted, and class is taught in such a way that she takes all the fun out of math. Oh yeah, and be prepared to be treated like pre-schoolers.
This Prof seems to like her topic, she obviously enjoys teaching Math, however her org. is very rugged. I found her teaching style did not work well with my learning style, HOWEVER i would not say that i would learn more from an animal, i really think that is a low thing to say about any one.
Decent person, but HORRIBLE TEACHER. Has no organizational skills or is creative by any means. Gives too much busy work and why X Mania for a month?? Take the class with someone much better like Nancy Mack, I wish I had.
NICE PERSON. She shows a genuine concern for her students. HOWEVER she is very unclear in her teaching. She makes you feel like a small child. She teaches a lot off of past knowledge in the subjects so if you are not familuar with Geo or Stats dont take her. She DOES NOR REVIEW the subjects.
Very unorganized, not very confident with herself. Class is easy but if you are not self disciplined dont take her. Lots of busy work.
AVIOD HER! She is nice, treats you like elem. kids. Does not help you. Test are HARD! Willing to help after class. Does not do a good job teaching. Hardley ever prepaired. Very un-organised. AVOID HER!
avoid this prof if you can!!! she is the worst prof i have ever had. she is completely unorganized, cannot control her class, and thinks she's teaching elementary students. when people asked her for help she told them to ask fellow students first! bad bad
Unless you are a math major, take this somewhere else, or at least don't take it from this prof. She's nice but that doesn't help you learn!!!!!!!!!
poor teacher, unfair, rude, inappropriate, counts attendance & tardies
She never realizes what she is asking the students.
The professors are fun BUT the way this course is graded is ridiculous. The questions are difficult to understand. I was once asked to answer an exam question from a selection of lyrics. There is quite a bit of reading and while i appreciate the effort they put into their classes, it is nearly impossible to focus.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! There are benchmark quizzes over online readings everyday. The quizzes have nothing to do with the readings or lecture. You can study all night and its still just luck of the draw. I repeat DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. You will regret it.
Horrible teacher. All of her methods are really old school. The class is super repetitive. When writing papers she doesn't give you clear directions of what she wants and grades really hard on them. SO BORING! She should have stayed retired!
HORRIBLE!! RUN AWAY!!! she is the worst teacher at GRCC. talking to her is like talking to a wall. she doesn't care about her students and is very unclear. Her class was extremely boring and not worth anyones time. for the final project..DO NOT MAKE THE STORY/BOOK. she is ruthless! no one in my class got above a C+ on the book.
She was a very nice grandma lady and smiled alot. She wasn't quite sure what to do if the class was disruptive, but would u if you were a grandma? She didn't really teach that much; was more just doing our projects, going over notes/assign in class. I Still love reading kid's books, so i didn't mind EN250, but others might think the txtbook boring.
To many to write. She is a horrible teacher and I would not even recommend her class to a person I dislike. She is just that bad.
TERRIBLE! Please don't waste your time or money on this class. It's repetitive and under developed. You come to class with a book write about the book present the book and repeat. There is no actual teaching involved. Plus she shows videos that skip every 2 seconds and expects you to be interested! It makes me sick to think I wasted time and money
took her few semesters ago. she was AWFUL!!!!! I'm in my 6th year of college 9 (transfered out), and she's by far in the top 4 worst professors I've ever had!!! Children's lit is suppose to be FUN... her class was a joke. Couldn't tell u nething i learned except remember doing book talks. those were jokes, too. AVOID AVOID AVOID at all cost!!!!
I would never recommend this teacher to anyone. Her class was fairly easy but it was a joke. I thought Childrens lit would be a lot more interesting when I signed up for the class, she ruined it. She doesn't know how to control a classroom and everyone was very disrespectful because nobody liked her. VERY negative learning enviornment!
Terrible Professor. She needs to retire. I am going to assume she's at least 65 years old. The class is tedious as well as boring. The tests are absolutely ridiculous and Mary isn't at all negotiable. Biggest waste of time, and money. I highly recommend that students looking for an engaging class not take EN250. I wish I wouldn't have.
Worst teacher i have ever had. She does NOT make the class interesting or fun what-so-ever. She ignores people completly, and can't even speak well. She is so annoying try NOT to take her!
GAH! This woman is... don't get me started. If you like children's lit, stay away from her. You will hate it. She... is dumb. I don't mean like i didn't like her dumb, I mean I think she JUST passed second grade. Not to mention that she has a dumb ass lisp. Wow... not to mention she gives you about 20 minutes so take an 80 question test. fun.
OMG she is the worst teacher on this planet I mean she’s so dumb a 5 year old could teach better then her and be more entertaining and creative. Man she just need to retire soon I mean everyone in this class is going to need a therapy session big time after we are done with that old bum we are heading for depression deep one too with her. NO GOOD!
Buy the textbook, forget the class. She seems more suited to teaching a younger audience. Assignments and requirements are unclear and taken verbatim from the book- which sounds nice, but she'll correct you at the slightest change of verb tense, word usage, or summarization.
She was an AWFUL teacher. AWFUL!!!
Worst teacher I've ever had. Signing up for the class I thought it would be a blast, boy was I wrong. She's the only teacher for this class so sorry for everyone who has to take it. Do all the homework, reading and notes, study hard, but you still won't get a good grade. Her grading makes no sense! Talking to her is like talking to a wall.
This class is so boring and she doesnt set clear expectations so you never know what she wants! I would not recommend this teacher to anyone. You watch a movie and do chapter questions every week. I have learned nothing from this class!
If you want a teacher who talks like a five year old with a lisp, take her. She is very particular about assignments and answers to chapter questions have to be right out of the book or they are wrong.
Very unclear, Very unorthodox, VERY unqualified to teach. She constantly marked me down for using correct grammar if it wasn't how she wanted to see it. Ex1: you too, sir! ex2: you too sir! both examples are grammatically correct, she marked me down for using Ex1. She also marked me down for using the word "Frugal", said it wasn't a word... wow.
If possible, do Service Learning for your final project-she's too tough of a grader to write a children't book. Don't talk back or argue with her, it's a waste of time-DO participate and at least act interested.
As long as you do the chapter question and study those exactely you will get an A on your test. Make sure that you are on time and do all your book talks. The hardest thing is the final project. That is what your grade is mostly from. Have fun.
She was very unclear in all aspect of the class. she also does not communicate with the class, and also if you ask her for individual help, you did not recieve any. She was by far the worst teacher I have ever had, and hopfuly I will never get one like her again. Really BAD, DO NOT take her!
She's very unclear about things. She's not easy to approach with questions.
BORING! Fascinating subject but she just does not make it interesting. I wish for everyone's sake that somebody else taught this, but no one else does.
I didn't feel like i gained anything at all from the class. It's a very easy class, as long as you fill out the green sheets. Those are the exact questions that are on the tests. Do as many book talks in the beginning as you can. It's an easy A if you do the work.
Awful Awful Awful teacher. Doesn't explain anything. All I learned was how to give a dumb stare, she's very good at it. Be cautious on your final project, she'll fail you for no given reason, trust me, she failed me when I did the project on time. I got a flat zero and was unwilling to explain to me why.
She is the worst teacher at GRCC. She doesnt listen to anything you say. She was not clear at all. Espcially when it comes to final project. If you can get anyone different do so you save time and money. She is a complete WASTE!!
This class was a total waste of time and money. The class was not taught at a college level or even high school level i would say. She filled in class time with pointless in class assignments to fill up the entire class time. Take a different prof if possible her class was hardly tolerable
She seems nice, but just wait. She is very unclear about assignments. Don't try to ask for help or even question her, she will just ignore you and pretend like you didn't ask her anything. She always seems clueless. Do yourself a favor, and don't waste your time!! Seriously, she sucks.
If you need this class then just take it and suffer if you don't then please don't take it with her get someone else i'am not kidding. she is very BORING!!!!! treats you like a child not even an adult. i have not learn anything from the class it's just a waste of my time.
Stupidest class ever, run, run as fast as you can, far away. She is extremely boring, very picky, and doesn't explain anything. Test are excactly from the book, that's the only good part. She can't even pronounce words correctly. Hated every day!
This is the worst professor ever. Get out while you can and if you think you can pass it, well, good luck trying to get a D.
Do not take her if you actually want to learn something. She hands out busywork like we are in 8th grade and treats us like we are children. Is not a good teacher.
I hated her as a professor. She treated us like little children. DONT TAKE THIS CLASS
She sucks.
She is not a very good teacher. Her assignments are not very clear and she doesn't help you in any way. She doesn't care about you and what you think. Don't take her if you don't have to.
She does not clarify anything, but is easy to work with
Boring. Tedious. Insipid. I feel like I'm in junior high.
Boring, all we did was listen to CDs, and lectures weren't too helpful...
I'm a Psych major and I've loved every class I've taken so far. I figured this would be fun as well. No dice. Contemplating dropping and taking it with a different prof in the summer semester. Only talks about her religion, her family, how awful marijuana is, and abortion. Recently talked about how she doesn't trust the APA or the DSM. Worst Ever.
If it is possible do not have her class! She isn't very clear on what she expects from you, and gets off topic all the time. She doesn't care if you get a good grade or not, just as long as it's easy for her. She will not go out of her way to help, even if it's because of a important thing. I definitly do not want to take her class again!!
THE WORST TEACHER EVER I love psych and she totally ruined it thank god I had a better experience with other profs! So hard to understand lectures have NOTHING to do wit the tests, the test are like 75-100 multiple choice ?'s, shes boring and her life discussion have nothing to with anything she is so boring and thinks she something worst teacher!!
She talks about her life to try and relate it to what's in the chapters, but it doesn't work. Other times, she just starts talking about her "mentor". It's mentor this and mentor that. I swear there was something going on there. I got an A because I read on my own, not because she helped. Don't take her unless you can study on your own.
Worst teacher ever. Tests dont relate to the book at all. They dont relate to what she talks about. Tells way to many storeys about personal life. If you get her get out NOW. I thought id take a chance and see if everyone was wrong on here...but there not.
Worst professor I've had in my two years at GRCC. She spent an entire lecture degrading our class and telling us how worthless we were. Lectures are extremely unhelpful and irrelevant to the tests. In order to pass you need to read the textbook and study it on your own. Going to the lecture is an enourmous waste of time as well as insulting.
Sometimes leaves in the middle of lectures and expects you to teach yourself the work
she is a very rude person who embarrashed me in front of the whole class. she said after you failed the first two test you should have known that you couldn't pass this one either. she also told my what my test score was in front of the class at first I thought she wasn't talking to me. After I looked around for the two other students who wasn't do
I think she is awful. She lecters on her opinion only and talks about herself and her beliefs all the time. The tests come from the book but not the lecture. She expects you to read the text and full understand it. I would not recomend taking her unless you can fully handle the anti-abortion crap.
class can be interesting but she talks about her life more than psychology. claims that the stories have things to do with what she teaches but they really don't.
I think it is safe to say NEVER TAKE HER CLASS!! Might as well not go to class because she doesn't teach! We had 1 assignment the whole semester and then a test every week. So basically you have to do good on tests and she doesn't help. I feel like i didn't learn a thing and it was just cramming info in to pass the tests.
Teaching is horrid. Only talks about her belief systems or her family (thinking its related). Went into tests blind b/c she doesnt teach the material and expects you to know it. Make sure you read that book several times, and even then your chances are slim. I'd stay away.
Terrible teacher. Does not teach anything, she just tells stories, about herself, and then expects you to figure it out yourself. if youre that type of person, then i suggest you take the online course, because her lecture is a waste of your time. It wouldve been an interesting subject, too bad she ruined it.
If i wanted to debate on child rearing I would seek out a professional family counselor not a teacher whos opinions are more forced on the class than the actual class of study. Beware, if you want to pass, DON'T take this class.
I hated her class and I know many of my friends in the class dreaded to hear another uber-conservative and neo-freudian proff. Her methods seem out of date and needs much revision.
Dykstra didn't really lecture about anything remotely relavent to the class so when test time came you were pretty much on your own. She didn't make the class very interesting, all she did was share personal examples the whole semester.
All about family, religion, and her mentor. Where's psy? I had all a's in high school, now I get all d's. I understand it but not when i study what she lectures and study guide not just random info!
i have her this semester and i absolutely hate her! she is such a bad teacher and i hate it when she gets side tracked. i had a test yesterday and i dont think i did too well. i failed her last one because she is a right wing thinker who doesnt care abou
Mrs. Dykstra is a right-wing nut....plain and simple. Instead of talking about psychology, she rants on and on about her family and her religion. Do yourself a favor and get someone else as a teacher.
Why do I have to pay GRCC $200 + to listen to this right-wing twit? In order to do well, just memorize the book. Two chapters a week. No problem. Don't bother taking notes from the book, just memorize the book word for word.
Mrs Dykstra is a dyk. Save yourself and don't take her, you will get nothing out of her lectures other than her life story.She tests directly from the book, so if you are a self motivator you'll do well,if not find someone else. Her teaching style sucks.
This was the worst teacher I have had in my life. She pushed her won beliefs on the class. I tell everyone I know to never take her. She should never be able to teach another students again!!!!
Pushes her political & religious beliefs. Doesn't lecture clearly...don't bother much with notes, just read the book. You can get a good grade if you do. If not, you will mostly learn about her "mentor" & personal life.
She Has no clue what she is doing. Do your best to ignore every thing she says in class because it has nothing to do with the tests and its not going to help you!!! Do every thing in your power to get some one else as an instructor.
She is a horrible teacher...you must read the book to get a good grade in the class because she does not lecture on the test material..in fact the class should be call the life story of Barb Dykstra, not psychology!!
Just read your textbook in class and pay no attention to her family stories or her right wing political ideology. All you need to know is in the textbook. She pulls her tests directly from the text.
She lectures about her family the whole hour, then when its time for the exam, she expects you to know almost every chapter out of the DSM and your test book. I recomend not taking her for any class.
She needs to relearn abnormal psychology
Doesnt work well with people with a disability.
left each class feeling discouraged. I struggle in math and if you dont understand it she acts like you are stupid. She calls out people in class and picks on people and says rude and mean things to students. She doesnt explain clearly if you ask her to explain something a second time if you didnt understand. if you struggle in math-dont take her.
I did not like prof. Gardner as a teacher. She treated us all like we were 10 years old. She didnt give comprehensive notes and a lot of what was on the homework was not covered how to do in class. I had to look everything up in the book and learn everything myself. I wouldnt suggest her.
Worst teacher I have ever had at GV! Treats you as though you are stupid, makes you do the DUMBEST activities, and if you don't know the answer or do something wrong she makes sure to point it out to the class. This class was a waste of my time and she is a horrible professor. And what is with the darn clock on her shirt?!
Terrible, terrible, terrible. Should not be in the teaching profession.
worst nightmare
worst teacher at the university. you can be a GREAT student in EVERY class but he will change things. he does not care about his students...he had a 4.0 in college and thinks that he is better then everyone. is NOT usefull during class or office hours. the book is helpful but forget it when it comes to exams...good luck
He is mean. He starts out by assigning projects without covering the material in his lectures and it is not in the book. He had a mean disposition about him. I thought that it was just me but I have read reviews posted to the web and now I know that it was not just me.
horrible professor...seems like hes just going over what he knows outloud disregarding how students interpret it....instead of telling you the correct way to write code or what-not he just asks you questions about it that you dont know the answer to yet
The man might know programming very well, but he does not know how to teach. The classes are unreal boring and hard. He plays to his favorites and he makes students feel like idiots if they do not understand. I have a B as middle term grade, but I hate this class. Avoid this prof at any price, I will do it in the future.
So hot that I could not focus on the computer. Super thanks for asking!
Boooooring .... We are in the XXIst century, he is still in the middle ages. He should retire asap before all the students leave.
yea, he makes the class the hardest. What for? just let ppl pass it easily. Damn. Dont take him.
bad teacher
I considered dropping out while taking this class-Its that much of a waste
The fact that this man is still teaching compromises any prestige UD has
this man should be not teaching
attendance 25% of grade yet you do NOTHING waste of time/tuition
Hands down the worst teacher I have ever had
disorganized, directionless man with an completely arbitrary grading system. BAD
sketchy and doesn't teach a goddam thing.zero instruction and no text.WASTE
thankfully, I think he retired.
This guy is a first class jerk. He failed me by a half a point. I had a 59.4 and he would not give me a 60. I have been a musician both profiessionally and leisurely the greater part of my life and it did nothing for me. I considered stalking him
Worst and most unhelpful Professor ever! Don't go to class, just go to the TA's section. Learned way more from TA than professor...not very nice and hard with grading. 105 is hard overall!
not a winter session class unless your Bach
teaches too fast, if your not a music major youll be lost. use the ta to pass.
2 bus degrees, academic scholarship. It's been 30 yrs, never forgot his treatment after over 1 wk of hospitalization after car wreck. Every professor allowed me to push exam to next week when off painkillers, not him. He let me retake, stating he would regrade. Made B, he said "sorry" not changing grade, lost scholarship. This is him. Sad.
Avoid this guy if you care about you GBA. He is the worst professor I have ever seen.
What other students are saying is correct, he is very vague in what he wants from you and he acts like a student in the fact that he was late in giving us our exam to take
Lectures are confusing and repetitive. Assignments are even more confusing. He's not fair to all students with grading. Most assignments HAVE to be done at the college... can't access it from home. Confusing and unclear instructions.
Grading Criteria is not clear and the he believes himself to be very very important despite the fact that this class in barely relevant enough to be an integrated capstone. Don't disagree with him or lead on that you think he is ridiculous (i.e. dont show up to class) or he will get really petty.
Read the other reviews; they are all true. He has unclear expectations, changes class times to fit his whim and ignores student communications. Horrible professor. UAA needs to pay attention as he is ruining what could be a great program.
Teacher uses 3 different websites to organize syllabus, schedule, and class materials. Very unorganized. Does not make projects very clear and sometimes the teacher doesn't even know how to do the projects he is assigning.
This is by far, the worst professor I have ever had at UAA. I asked him for help once and he simply just walked away out of frustration because I did not understand his unclear instructions. He is also extremely rude and smug. Do not take him unless you want to ruin your GPA because his grading is extremely unreasonable.
He does not make the projects very clear. The due dates are not all on a single sheet and its sometimes hard to find them. He also ignores emails and questions. Unfortunately the class is mandatory.
He is very vague and not clear about the projects. He says work together than docks you for it "looking to similar to the other person"
Absolutely useless when you ask him for help. Grading is ridiculous and he tends to favor attractive women. DO NOT take Drinka if you want a good education and grade. This was the worst professor I've ever taken at UAA.
Unclear, but you can corner him and envoke a lie and catch him with it. Likes costco, anything google gets him to bust a nut. If you want an A you'll need to go over the top on all assignments and make him feel warn and fuzzy with terminology. Giggity.
Awful instructor. The worst instructor in the program, he cares nothing for the students, you can tell that he treats his position as nothing more than a side gig. I suggest you get a thorough knowlege of information systems prior to enrolling in any of the courses, that's the way most of the teachers in the MIS program like it.
Worst instructor in the program. Ambiguous requirements, vindictive behavior, and is disorganized. You must practically beg him for assistance.
This professor is clearly not in touch with the students, he's more concerned about his daugher's volleyball tournaments. Plays favorites in class, is moody and inconsistent. Too bad he made tenure, he may never be replaced. Be honest students, you know you only take him because you have to. Could there be a more unprofessional teacher?
Agree with the nice guy comment. Directives not clear, hard class to get through.
The worst professor I ever took
If you're like me, you won't be able to bear the tedium of chapter outlines that serve absolutely no purpose. You'll also realize boring anecdotes with no relation to the subject at hand turn the class into the "Dr.Wright Entertainment Hour." I'm not a cynical person, but the textbook contains more info than the lectures. Why take the class, then?
Awful. Take someone else.
Wow... just wow. Horrible class, seriously take anything else. Maybe even change your major. Grades absolutely nothing and makes the exams as hard as she possibly can. Seriously trust me do not take this class. Every single exam was curved at least 20-30 points and it barely helped. Hands down worst class structure and worst prof Ive ever had.
She literally makes it impossible to get a good grade. -3 exams. 1st & 2nd exams are over 4-5 chapters and the last one is cumulative. -Homework/learnsmart every week -The exams are so long that you can't even finish the exam. 10 multiple choice (5 points each) & 10 problems that you have to work out (10 points each). -She doesn't curve
hard as heck! doesnt explain things well. demands a TON! take someone else if you want something higher than a B-
I simply cannot recommend this Professor. The course work was often poorly defined, poorly followed, and the class as a whole were left without any idea of what to expect.
Horrible teacher. Tests are impossible especially the conceptual ideas. Don't take her if you can avoid her! Her tests and quizzes are impossible!!!!!!!!!
What a awful professor. Make sure to avoid this her. I wish someone on this site made note before. She never comes through on what she says. She makes you call her doctor. Her tests are unreasonable. Take Gondhalekar or Sundaram - very good profs.
Quizzes are ridiculously hard, hard to pay attention to lectures. Easy to get lost in lecture. Not very responsive to emails. Not once do you get an update of your grade. Not a fan of this prof.
boring enough to make me leave halfway through class 4 times!!! Tests and homework are so hard you want to laugh or cry
Her multiple choice questions are ridiculously hard. She would be a good teacher if she actually tested the material that she presents in class, but she doesn't.
she sucks and no one should ever take her class...i hope she gets fired and has to live on the streets. gives us quizzes online the night before tests...no study guides at all...hard mc tests are immposible...sheould not teach
Possibly the worst professor I've had at Grand Valley. He barely speaks english, cannot form complete sentences even though he has been teaching here for years, his lectures are a complete mess, no one ever knows whats going on or what is due, and I genuinely have not learned a thing over the course of the entire semester. AVOID AT ALL COSTS
One of the worst professors I have had to date. Extremely difficult to understand. His lectures are a complete mess, and it's impossible to take notes. No one pays attention in class, there is no point to. I've studied a ton for each exam, and have yet to get above a C. 85% the class gets C's & D's. Certainly NOT a GPA booster. AVOID at all costs
Mishra's intent is to make the class easy, but his attempts are in vain. He is very hard to understand and is not receptive at all to questions of any sort. His lecture slides are too wordy and useless during lectures, and he claims the connect system which comes with the book "held a monopoly" over the course in spite of the fact it worked well.
Jitendra Mishra is by far the worst professor I have had at GVSU. He is very out of touch with his students. He lost the focus of his class on the fist day. He rambles on and on for the class period without fully explaining the material. He is extremely hard to understand with his accent and he is a very quite speaker. please do not take this prof.
I am surprised he is still a professor at Grand Valley. Absolutely terrible. He reads right from the power points and doesn't like when you take notes. I only showed up on exam days because going to class was a complete waste of time and I still got a B+.
Only 2 weeks in but you can't understand anything he says
Professor Mishra was the worst professor I've had since starting at GV. His lecture powerpoints were useless but students would get reprimanded if they attempted to scribble down anything he was saying (which you couldn't understand). Do not take him for this course if you want to actually learn/get a grade above a C.
He is very hard to understand. I learned nothing in his lectures mainly because all he would do was repeat useless info about the management department and how they don't like his teaching style. Learned more from reading the book. Does drop the lowest exam grade.
Worst Prof I've ever had at GVSU. Extremely unclear in every aspect of the class imaginable. Tests contained detailed info that is very difficult to retain especially from his lectures. Projects are a nightmare since he's impossible to get any useful help from. DO NOT TAKE HIM
TERRIBLE PROFESSOR! You can't understand his accent at all. The whole class consists of him partially reading his powerpoints that have poor grammar and him just saying "you can read this later, i give you all the notes" His test are 60 multiple choice with random numbers we never went over in class. Do not take this class with him!
It's honestly hard to put Mishra into words. Words are too good for this man. He is absolutely horrible, by far the worst professor I have ever had. His lectures are him reading off the powerpoint and getting angry at students when they ask questions. By the end of the semester, listening to him talk is like nails on a chalk board. DO NOT TAKE!
One of the most frustrating Profs I've run into. Impossible to understand, heavy accent. Terrible at answering questions & explaining ANYTHING. Reads off Book PPTs & what he calls Lecture PPTs which is more like multiple pages up irrelevant jumbled up text. I found his attitude towards students asking for help, mainly clarity, very rude.
Avoid if possible. Extremely unclear; he does not describe any of the projects clearly including, expectations and due dates. Disorganized. Asks for questionsfeedback, yet, becomes defensive and combative during his responses. Class truly feels like a waste of time. Exams are multiple-choice and allows some notes.
He is very hard to understand and his tests don't make any sense. His grading is not even close to consistent so you never know how your grade will turn out. Also he does a lot with group projects and you keep the same group the whole time so if you do not work well with your group it could be a challenge. DO NOT TAKE HIM!
Warning: Will talk about a topic that upsets him for three or more weeks. Case in point, emails form Michele Obama asking for money that he showed us even During an exam. Oh and being disowned. 15+ group paper Angry little balding man Heavy accent Yells when approached for more information Asks questions often and not open to wrong answers
The WORST teacher I have had at Grand Valley. I have never written one of these before, but he has inspired me. EXTREMELY unclear on assignments, and do not ask him a question or you are "being defensive". Was very rude to my class and my group. If you want to learn nothing, feel free to take this class, but you better get the book.
Can hardly understand a word he says. Never lectures and if he does its about random stuff that isn't on the exam. Must read and teach yourself to do well, does grade on a curve. Exams are right from the book. He is very knowledgeable about what he teaches, however if he cant communicate that knowledge to students, it's time for him to retire.
Horrible teacher. Not a GPA booster. He grades on a large curve, but that curve takes you from a 25% to a 50%. Doesn't make sense, and makes the topic much more confusing than it should be. Take someone else.
It is pointless to take MGT with Mishra. He is unclear about expectations and grading and if you ask a question he says "read the syllabus". His teaching is obviously ineffective which is seen when the class receives Ds on the exams. It is frustrating to expect to learn, but when it's over all you have is an additional tuition bill.
One of the worst professors at GV i've ever had. We spend all class trying to understand what we have to do for our projects. He makes you do a group case presentation that sounds like a ton of work at first, but its really easy if you split it up amongst the group. Rambles about how theres "no free rides" and how he refuses to have essay exams.
If you want to improve your GPA then take him, if you don't want to teach yourself all the material then don't. He tries to be helpful but it does the opposite. The lectures are useless & consist of "Women don't like to travel," "China copies everything," and excessive boyfriend/girlfriend examples. Read the book.
Very nice man, but way out of touch with up-to-date teaching methods and HR policies. He enjoys what he does, but unfortunately is no longer an effective teacher. Take someone else if you want to learn something.
DONT TAKE HIM!!! Can't understand a word he says and makes up his own ideologies. Requires a group project research paper that is 15 pages long and is only worth 60 points. Class is boring!!!
Class was pointless due to the incoherent lectures. You will need to go to class still b/c he reserves a percentage of the grades for "class participation". Make sure to purchase the textbook. International versions available online will work. the only difference is the page numbers. study for exams from the book and outlines. I don't recomend him.
Funny guy, but impossible to understand. If you ask him a question, you'll get a completely incoherent answer. Lectures could not be more pointless and tests are very difficult, especially when he writes them himself. Thanks goodness for the huge curve. Overall, I laughed a lot in class but learned nothing.
cant understand a word he says
Mishra is a funny guy. You never know what is going to happen in his class. Unfortunately, it's hard to learn anything. Most people say there is no need to go to class, just read the book for exams.
Churck Norris woulnd't be able to undserstand this class.
Avoid Mishra at all costs. He is hard to understand and very old fashioned. His tests are ridiculous, even if there is a good curve.
Do not take him, you can not undrstand anything he says :(
OH MY GOD, get out!! get out while you still can!!!he has no idea whats going on,and the papers are effin' crazy!
holy crap, how does this guy have a job at GV? or any english speaking college? do not take him, he is so unclear!!!!
Very hard to understand his lectures. Very boring prof. Tries to be funny but really isn't. Tests are easy because they are mostly vocab.
He is so unclear with what he wants. You finish writing the paper and then AFTER he tells you the way you should've gone with it. His tests are virtually impossibly because he just assumes you know the stuff.
If it weren't for his huge curve and easy grading this class would be hell. His syllabus is impossible to understand, as are his lectures. You will be put into a group to write a 15 page paper on a set topic, which is far too much work. Take it too boost your GPA, because you won't learn anything
If i took his test blindfolded i would still get the same grade
impossible to understand, wont learn a thing, but he gives a huge curve!
Worst prof I have ever taken, drop at all costs if you want to learn anything
Makes little sense Don't take notes read book. Tests are impossible but curved
He Stinks!! Easy to get good grade, but you learn NOTHING!!!
This guy doesn't know what he's doing, avoid him like the plague
One of the most unclear and unorgainized professors ever. Read book-ignore notes
don't bother going to class, just read the book, can not speak good english
If you are an HR major, take this class elsewhere - Mishra is horrible
AVOID. Capozzi is overall hard to follow. Unless you are good at teaching yourself, dont take him. His test are very hard and material is not explained very well. The only reasons why you should take him, is if you can teach yourself with SOME quidence and he grades for concepts, not right or wrong.(NO PRACTICE TEST, SLIM OFFICE HOURS, TOO QUICK)
AVOID THIS GUY AT ALL POSSIBLE!. His test are nothing like that homework, which by the way he couldnt even do half the time. The Bradley Phyics dept. is very good but whatever you do, dont take capozzi. He is a really cool guy but the worst teacher i have ever had in my life. take my advice.
Dr. Capozzi was the worst teacher I'd ever had. Mumbles to himself alot and tells you incorrect information. Quizes are easy but his tests are really hard. The class average on the tests were 65%. If you are so unfornate to have to take this professor do the review questions at the end of the chapter because he puts some of them on the test.
This class was terrible, if you have a choice do not take capozzi for 107, tests are not curved and if they were i would be getting an A no problem, i study for the tests and knew the material but they still took 3 hours. Seriously if you have to take physics 107 take a different teacher
This is the worst class i have taken at college. The average grade on the first test was a 50% NO CURVE. I would not take this class under any circumstances. The class is now 1/4 the size it was at the start of the semester. A terrible teacher who flies through material making no sense what so e
this class was horrible. he couldnt do a good number of the home work he assigned. His exams were nightmares. They didnt reflect the homework assigned... i would rather turn myself in for harzardous product testing in a rougue science lab, yeah it was that bad. came out with a B.
This guy is horrible. Whoever told him he should teach, should go jump off a cliff!!Thick New York accent hard to undrestand. Is all over the place.Can't focuson one topic. Is just plain AWFUL!! Take with Schafer instead!!
Really strict, not very nice.
Has so many PHD's but lacks compassion for his students. Don't miss any lecture because you will fail the next test. Exams were very difficult. Truly felt as if I were going to lecture for one course and taking exams on a completely different course. I was a 4.0 student and I chose a W on my transcript because it felt impossible passing his class.
You will do hours of work for 10 points. Don't plan on being sick, or having a personal issue during his class. What teacher docks you points when you and your kid have COVID? He will. Other teachers gave me a week extension and I had doctors notes. If you can avoid his classes do it. I am a 3.7 GPA student so this is not in spite. He's just awful
Honestly, you will hate your life. I took this as a pre req for the nursing program. He phrases his test questions, he says, to prepare you for the board exams you will eventually take. What he does not realize is that this makes you question if you have what it takes to actually become a nurse (or whatever your goal is). take anyone else.
This guy is the WORST professor I have ever had. He is so mean, i asked him for help multiple times and he will send you back a pretyped email on what YOU are doing wrong and that he cannot help you. All he does is lecture and expects you to just understand what he is saying when he is confusing, and when you ask questions he gets defensive.
If you want to actually hate your life for an entire semester, then take this class with Forbes. He cares more about talking about how rich he is rather than teach you. Fails you if you miss more than 2 days even if you have a doctors note, and more. tells more stories, than lecture. Has zero sympathy. Will call you out if you fail a test.
Extremely difficult. There are no quizzes or homework to help you learn/get points. Does not offer extra credit or retakes.
He was amazing in person but super challenge and hard. Since he has been online, basically has all his lectures from the first semester of Covid uploaded, before he knew how to be online good, and then just dates for tests. Then you feel like crap when he puts you down for not studying, although you do and nothing on the test makes sense.
I would not take this professor again if my only other teaching option were a dead dog. This guy constantly states the wrong things in his lectures, has his phone going off, door bell ringing, and animals in the background. But god forbid you look at your pet during an exam. Its Feb 2021 and he's using the same lectures from JUNE.
Honestly, the worst professor I've had in all of my years of school. I took his online class and whenever I emailed him to ask questions or double-check something, he would give a rude response. This is my favorite class, just wish I had a better teacher. His online class is too unorganized.
terrible... If you're looking to take Bi122 class, don't take his - wait another semester for another professor! So unhelpful and does not want to help you at all. Terrible, terrible, terrible!!!!!!!
worst experience ever. do not take. waste of time and money, especially during a pandemic. terrible.
Example A of final exam.. he gave us 1 hour and 15 minutes for 116 questions, all other exams were an hour with 70 questions, breaks down to about 15 minutes to answer the last 46 questions. If that doesnt sound ridiculous to anyone, then youre flat lying. Had no time to comprehend and even read a question basically felt like he wanted us to fail
Needlessly pedantic and makes it impossible to get full credit on assignments. Tests and quizzes are very specific and difficult. If you care at all about your GPA look for another professor.
get another professor, he will make your semester aweful
Seems funny at first, but quickly makes an uncomfortable learning environment. Very inconsiderate of individual students needs, perhaps partially because of his obsessive tendencies.
This man is LAZY! Prepare to do it all on your own. He goes on unrelated personal tangents, runs behind schedule all the time and then dumps all material that wasn't covered in lecture on students to learn in no time, right before exams! Students don't seem to matter to him at all. I could never find him in his office during office hours either
No help at all, just a silly old man. I'm so glad I don't have him for 122, I can finally learn something!
I had him for BI 121 Lab. This man is funny, but he never answers emails. Can be helpful in class, but out of class this man is useless. The first lab test was the hardest. Make sure you study really hard. Try to get another instructor is at all possible.
i am taking bi125 and he is the worst professor I have ever had. I do fine with telecouse clases because I am very organized but he is always so unwilling to help. He is never in his office during his office hours, he does not return emails, of phone calls. If you can avoid him DO IT.
Encyclopedia? right! More like outdated Cliff's Notes. What he doesn't know he makes up on the spot.If you're going into health field save yourself time and effort of filling up the gaps his lectures left and go with someone who'll teach you applicable stuff.If you want useless trivia- go with Forbes.
A hypocrite and egomaniac. His only interest is in promoting himself. No knowledge on the subject beyond SPOs and lecture outline. Annoyed and short when questioned about tests or grading. Just leave him alone and let him do his circus act. In the lab: never around when needed. If you want more than expensive entertainment choose someone else.
It was hell. He failed half of the class on the first lab.
a moron at best...not helpful, all fluff!
Very smart guy, but not a good teacher. Way to hard!!! 4 people out of my class passed, if that tells ya anything. NOt recommended!!!
Not worth your time or money. He fakes his way through lectures and talks about himself constantly. I think he has self-assurance issues.
he certaintly doesn't know what he's talking about- don't bother asking for help
he is an uneducated egomaniac, don't bother he doesn't know zoo
Needs to find a new job. Always distracted in class. His mind seems to be else
He needs to take his ego back to the sea turtles, no help
He sure thinks a lot about himself and very little about the students
dont ask too many questions in class. I asked 2 and he bawled me out in front of the class-humiliating me. I left the class. Please retire!
okay teacher,, very confusing. He seems to leave the class alot, and is frequently gone. MIA..
he has the worst jokes, i ahve ever heard in my life, cant believe he can even teach
He isn't very smart- he doesn't know the material
Prof. Swartzlander was awful. Maybe it was because it was an online class, but her syllabus was really confusing, she was rude in emails, graded unnecessarily harsh WITHOUT rubrics, and was completely hyprocritical on her "0 tolerance late policy". I would never take her class again!
Terrible teacher. Treats intermediate/advanced as advanced and refuses to slow things down. Doesn't use counts and does not explain tap moves clearly. She seems more into how she looks than her class. Doesn't learn students names, only learns those who are overachievers or those who are loud. I would definitely not recommend her for serious dancers
unclear about corrections, can't express how to fix problems
Really nice and the class isn't bad, but she makes up a grading scale at the end without telling anyonel. Ridiculous
if you want to learn, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Should be easy, makes it too hard
She rams her words together to make one, long, confusing, unhelpful lecture
DON"T TAKE HER, she's a very hard grader and kind of snotty and rude
YOU WILL HATE HIM. Test Tip: Write absolutely anything on a test question.
Thinks he's Gods Gift. Projects are a beast. Test are hard but he grades easy
Worst teacher ever!!!! took her during the summer and even thought it was only 7 weeks it was pure HELL.....WHATEVER U DO DONT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!
WORST TEACHER I'VE EVER HAD! She's so incompetent I had to drop the class. She expects you to instantly play, sightread, and COMPOSE by the SECOND CLASS, even if you never touched a piano before. Her idea of teaching is making you play along with a CD, while complaining about weak knuckles. DO NOT TAKE HER PIANO CLASS IF YOU'VE NEVER PLAYED BEFORE!
Although she gave you second chances on your papers, she was snippy. If you don't need this class, don't take it. Even if it is online, you are pulling full time work behind you.
does not explain things very well
I'm warning you, do not take this class with this professor. if you do you'll be sorry. I hope I never see this lady again
This Class was ok at the begining, but towards the middle and end of class everything had to be her way. there are many different ways to play the piano that is positioning. she was very unhelpful and discoraging. i would not recomend this class to anyone who does not have to take it for credit.
BE VERY CAREFUL IF U TAKE THIS CLASS WITH THIS TEACHER!!!
Made you do things exactly her way, insulted our class almost every day, expected way too much for what the class was. Just a nasty teacher. I have never rated anyone before, but she was just that bad!
Worst teacher and class.
This professor is the worst teacher I have ever had. The material during class time is not helpful and the work needed outside of the class is the most I have ever had to do for a class in my life and this is my second year in college. At other schools
Most boring class. It is a fruit cake .
Smith was not a very friendly guy outside of the classroom, and did not seem to care whether you were trying hard or not. Try to avoid if possible, he could be much worse, but I have had much better!
Accounting is boring enough by itself, but this guy makes it so much worse. Speaks in a dull monotone. Nearly put me to sleep every class. I did not like accounting going in, now I hate it.
AVOID
Boring, Boring, Boring.....did I mention.......Boring?
This professor does not care about teaching the material and will give very unfair quizzes that will be nearly impossible to get correct.
Professor Rikkers will give you nothing you need for your tests. her tests are difficult and demanding and she asks far too much out of her students for a 200 class. Overall the worst professor I've ever had and I put in too much effort into this course to get the grade I did. I can never recommend that anyone ever bother to take her classes.
Quizzes are laughable. They are worded really badly. Half the time on quizzes is spent trying to figure out what the question is even asking. Several choices can be argued as the correct answer. Your score is based on how well you get past tricky/sneaky , vague wording. Expect an A one week and C the next. Videos/reading/notes can only help so much
She screwed us students over by posting the wrong textbook for us to purchase and she didn't notice until a month in a half in. Her quizzes had no correlation with the course material taught to us, ........probably because we were reading off of the wrong book for 2 months
Has the hardest test's that are every week that I have ever had, I spend hours on top of hours studying reading and watching lectures over and over and still do not do good, she thinks we are all lawyers like her when we are LEARNING not lawyers.
Probably one of the biggest wastes of time I have encountered at GV. Her tests are so vague and based on the assumption you think like her. Could spend hours learning the material just to get clucked on a question that could be argued either way but her explanation is "its implied by the question", which is the biggest piece Ive heard. DO NOT
Tests were very hard no matter how hard you studied, and very little points given in the course. Would not take with this professor.
Look by no means am I a bad student. Throughout my whole time here at GVSU this is the WORST professor I have ever had. She doesn't assist students, gives terrible outlines, has tests that are all too long and too hard. All around just awful! IF YOU CAN AVOID THIS PROFESSOR, DO IT WHEN YOU CAN AND SAVE YOURSELF! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!
If you like tests that are not passable take this Prof!!!!! Shes perfect for you!!!!OUR CLASS AVG was a 62!!beat that!
Don't take if at all possible. If you do take get ready to work.
If you are not a student that can MEMORIZE every single thing from lecture, DO NOT TAKE HIM. His tests are ridiculously hard. I would know the information, but I could not take the type of tests he gave us. It was all fill in the blank. Give me a matching or multiple choice test, I would have an A. I made a D.
All of his tests are fill in the blank, no multiple choice. He requires you to be very specific, so if you don't write and include exactly what he's looking for, you get points taken off. No partial credit, ever. His questions are very broad and not specific, so its hard to tell what exactly he wants from you.
Attendance is not mandatory; however, he will give you possibly test questions during his lecture. I would say he is straight forward about what's going to be on the test, but that would be a lie. He sends out practice problems and possible essay questions in emails, but don't pay attention to those because none of them are going to be on the test.
Test are short answer, fill-in-blank, and essay. He grades very tough (misspelled words .. etc.) The recent test we had many people did not simplify their answers although they were correct and he took off 8 points out of 9 possible. There's no homework or extra cred, so there's no possible way to pull up your grade if you don't do good his test.
his notes are all over the place and make so sense
Notes are scattered without structure and hard to read. Takes off for really small mistakes. Doesn't refer to book.
you need to know every detail for the exams he gives you, and write in paragraphs... :(
Honestly worst teacher I have ever had. He isn't clear about anything and barely explains. His tests are all essay and fill in the blank, no multiple choice. I studied for two weeks straight and barely made a D. I'm a bio major and still didn't understand half of the stuff he said. Save yourself and don't take him.
I would avoid taking him at all costs, even if that means waiting to take biology during second semester. His class is very tough and solely based on 3 tests and the final exam. There is no homework, attendance, or extra credit to help boost your grade. He's setting all his students up too fail. His handwriting is eligible &he doesn't use the book
He's very handsome, but cannot teach. made an 94 though, I recommend. His Hawaiian shirts show off his muscles. 3 tests that are tedious if you don't study, but if you, you'll be fine. TAKE HIM!
Save yourself the semester long headache and take this course with another professor. This was supposed to be a "101" course. This guy makes his exams so hard its mind blowing. WARNING: SAVE YOUR GPA AND TAKE SOMEONE ELSE. Theres a reason duggins has so many negative reviews on here, especially for bio 101
WAS ON ACADEMIC PROBATION LAST YEAR FOR FAILING TOO MANY STUDENTS!!! very scattered brain. gives a lot of notes that aren't on the exam. will write everywhere on his notepad. doesn't explain things very well. doesn't have good office hours, not willing to help. tests are VERY hard.
Gives unnecessary notes and the tests are ALL short answer. Super hard at that. Try to avoid this class if possible
The class was very difficult, I think it was in part the material and part the way he handled the class. What really bothered me about him was his attitude when I asked him after class how he suggested I study because I didn't do well on the first test and he told me that if I was asking him that I probably shouldn't be in college. AND he was hard.
If you have even the slightest bit of laziness in your blood, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. I REPEAT: DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Duggins gives no notes, no powerpoints, no extra credit, etc. Tests are short answer, fill in the blank, and essay and hard as hell. I wish I had read the reviews on here prior to signing up.
He is a difficult teacher. He is VERY scatter-brained and gives a lot of information that are not on his exams. He doesn't give extra credit, and his tests are super hard!! I would study a few days in advance until the actual test day, and still did poorly. Do not recommend taking him.
Without a doubt the worst professor I have ever had. Expects you to reiterate every precise detail he says. NO multiple choice. All short answer, fill in the blank, and ESSAY. Barely writes notes up on the screen. Unless you're a pre-med major and have to genuinely learn the material, this class is RIDICULOUSLY hard.
His tests are really hard. I used a recorder and took notes and made a 22 and 38 on his tests. When I talked with him, asked about supplementary tools, he was very rude and snappy. He's a mean little man.
He is a very hard teacher! Avoid him if possible! Majority of the class fails him every semester. His test are all short answer, fill-in the blank, and essay! He moves really fast and is all over the place with his notes!
You only get 3 exams. No make ups unless you miss the exam. His notes are not clear at all. You really have to keep up with him when it comes to the class. The exams are very detailed. The exams are either short answered, fill in the blank or essay. Pick another teacher if possible. I have to take this section over, and I am really good at biology,
Please do not let the "difficult but great teacher" comments fool you. Duggins is only thought of as a great professor because his exams are so incredibly difficult that you MUST listen to EVERY word he says. Knows his material, but that does not make for a great professor. Passion, the desire to change lives, and care for the student does.
Horrible! had to drop the class after the first test. Studied for that test for hours and hours and still failed! This man is impossible to please! Do not take him!
He is the most ridiculous professor, it is 102 not 502. he is the worst professor I have ever had. I will avoid him like the plague.
He is HORRIBLE! Do not take him. He is not clear about the subject and he jumps from subject to subject so it is really hard to keep up! DO NOT TAKE HIM!
he is terrible, he shows no care for the student and the test are so random that they are impossible to prepare for do not take him if you have a choice
AWEFUL!!!! so hard its not even funny! likes to go off and bunny trail that turn out to be on the test even though the material has not been fully cover! so hard!!!! DONT TAKE HIM!!! spent all of my time studying for his class that i ignored my other classes!!
Stay away from this one. His notes are all over the place and he tries to cram too much information in class periods and tests. He'll tell you to prepare for one type of question on tests, but will give you another. He's a smart man but the bad thing is that he knows that. He wants you to know that he's smarter than you.
This guy is extremely hard!!! you have to memorize EVERYTHING from the notes and only 25% of the material is on the test!!! He does not review or go over anything before the test so you don't know whats gonna be on there! and he is not helpful outside of class!!! I would NOT take him!!!! If you do be prepared to work very very hard!!!
This teacher is the worst ever.....I couldnt stand him...I had him for second semester and he gave me bad thoughts....
Most difficult teacher I've ever had. I thought he was terrible at explaining things during his lectures. He's a pretty bad professor. You really have to put in a ton of work to get by.
This is the worst professor EVER!!! His tests are hard and WAY to specific. His class can really kill your GPA! You now have a fair warning to STAY AWAY!
Worst teacher at USC. He doesn't care about teaching at all. Tests are horrible and unfair. Do not take this class.
Took Duggins 2 yrs ago (Fall 03)...worst prof I've ever had. Nice enough, but no matter how much I wrote on tests, he gave a C. Example: Had to explain Glycolosis, and memorized every protein (not necessary), and every single relevant aspect. Left out the hardly relevant hydrogens left over (all else correct), and got 5/12 points. ****.
Do not take Duggins if at all possible! I was advised not to, but I had no choice. I ended up making a D, and had to take it over again. Stupid midget doesn't even care about your grade! DO NOT TAKE DUGGINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this **** is terrible. he can not teach at all. you will fail with honors if you take him.
HORRIBLE PROFESSOR...AVOID...He is very unclear, his test make no sense whatsoever. You can be the best biologist in the world and they wouldn't have a clue with this guy. Prepare to get an F..A D+ if you're smart
This was absolutely the worst class that i have taken. Feel like i learned absolutely nothin from him. His tests do not focus on what he suggests that they will and his notes are very unorganized. Tries to cram too much into one class and into one test. Overall- I hated this class, take someone else
Don't listen to the dumbasses who think he is a good professor..blah blah blah...If you are good at memorizing biology terms and honestly good at this subject, then u could take him. BUT, if ure like me, an avg student-then RUN. Don't take him, it will ruin ure GPA big time...wait till someone else teaches this course...Helmuth is good...
UGH i hate this guy with every fiber of my being. if you dont memorize every photoplasmic micron blah blah detail from class you will do horrible on his fill in the blank/description tests. i had to change my major because of his class. everytime i see him i just want to knock his little three foot body off the earth. ughhhh DONT TAKE CHUCK DUGGINS
he was awful
OMFG he sooo sucks!! lecture is so EASY but the test have nothing to do with what is in the notes. What is up with the bio 101 teachers, they all suck major ass
this man is the devil.... extremely hard
I HATED THIS CLASS! He is a very hard teacher and he doesnt help much at all. He expects everyone to know what he is talking about and gives out about 10 pages worth of notes EACH class AND HIS TEST ARE HARDDDDD!!!
This professor is the worst ever!!! His tests are based on the smallest details he can find. You can study for days for his tests and still fail. His lectures are so boring and you have to take notes while he talks. He doesn't give you time to catch up so you miss alot!
awful!
If at all possible do not take him!!
too hard wont let u out early.
NEVER EVER TAKE THIS CLASS. he is very uncaring about his students or what they think tests are very hard and despite what some people say just coming to class will not help.
I don't suggest taking this class with this professor. He is very hard and not willing to help like many other professors. He likes to skip around while giving lectures making it difficult to take good notes.
Do not take this course. I repeat do not take this course with this professor.
boring
Fake reviews. She'll start your paper off on a B-; you'll edit according to her feedback and she'll bump you up to a B; you revise again...Oh, it looks like her new recommendations are to undo the previous revisions...You'll quickly realize you're wasting your time. She's a terrible writer herself btw (to be expected of English profs)
One of the worst profs ever. All you do in class is copy notes that she writes on the board which is pointless to even do because none of them make any sense at all!She is one of the hardest graders and always finds something wrong with every assignment.She lets you redo papers but even then she finds something else wrong with all your revisions.
THIS CLASS WAS AWFUL!!! The busy work was demeaning...you have a reading and assignment EVERY NIGHT, which just sucks. Monotone voice and very unsure of herself, I don't even know if she likes English!!
Don't take him! He goes over materials way too fast and half of the students can't even keep up and he doesn't care whether you pass or fail. He gets pleasure for taking points off on exams and hw. His homeworks are nothing like what he taught in class. If I were you I would avoid his class. Also he never reviews a material before an exam.
Dont take this him if you have trouble with math. He doesnt care if you are struggling, you just have to understand it. I mean you could probably pass if you have no life and are not taking any other classes besides that one, so good luck. I have to say though he is a really nice guy besides that.
He teaches one thing on the board and tests on something else. He goes off on tangents and I can never see how it ties into the book at all. If you have trouble with learning stuff on your own, don't take his class!
most science students get good grades because they are good at memorizing...if you are good at memorizing you will do well in dr.b's class. If you prefer to actually LEARN things rather than just memorize and regurgitate facts you will have a harder time....decide for yourself. . .. ...
Dr. Kepner truly did not want his students to succeed. As someone who can adjust to many different teaching styles, I found this class the most difficult because he simply did not teach. He sat there and degraded his students time after time and did nothing to help. Respectfully, I would not even wish this prof upon my worst enemy.
he is a tough grader and does not give extra credits
he is so arrogant and thinks he knows everything.... take someone else if you can
STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!
He is very condesending and always makes you feel like an idiot when you answer a question. He thinks that a good grade is a 75, which is the average class grade of all his exams. Oh yeah and he dosent curve at all. Also he repeats himself about 20 times in one lecture it is so annoying. So if you want to understand everything and get a C take him.
def likes to hear himself talk; makes unclear examples; tests on stuff from out of nowhere... do not recommend him
The WORST teacher I have ever had!! likes to hear himself talk, tests on material he never discussed in class, very harsh grader. Lectures are all round-around.
Horrible professor. Moves too fast in lecture for notes. Very brief with information. Does not give clear expectations of what we should know for exams, just very general descriptions. Not a hard subject but made studying difficult and just an annoying professor
worst professor EVER! expects you to be knowledgeable about the topic & expects you to know vast amounts of technical terms & huge amounts of facts & numbers for the exams. Your grade is only 3 exams and attendance is required. I took this b/c I saw people give it a good review & it seemed easy but I dont want people to make the same mistake I did!
The worst professor I have ever had. If you don't mind a teacher who requires attendance, only to park it in front of the podium before reading the powerpoint she later POSTS ONLINE (while still not allowing you to take notes on a laptop), then she's your woman. Grade based on 3 exams (cumulative) and her "discretion".
Easy class to take for credit, but pretty useless otherwise. Prof. is hard to approach and talk to, acts like she is doing you a huge favor by teaching. You have to take many notes, from which you study for tests. No notes bad grade. Textbook is kinda useless except for outlines. Gives extra credit. Mostly talks about herself and her studies.
Professor Stolba is strange and rude. Do not take this class unless you have no choice. The information is useless unless you have some burning passion for anthropology. She is a sub-par professor at best and it was very difficult to sit through her intellectually-absent lectures. The tests and lectures are often unrelated. Avoid this prof.
Professor Stolba is not very intelligent either in or field nor as a professor. She does not have the ability to properly teach, she just drones on in her rants about how she was the one who really wrote her textbook, how she has all these degrees. Though as we all know from our experience you can be a good student yet a horrific teacher.
Beware of this Professor. She makes you purchase a mediocre at best textbook that she personally wrote so she can collect that profit, which is a nightmare to read if youre an English major. If she doesnt like your personality she will find a way to fail you. Tests are completely different from the lectures. Youve been warned.
Shes the most rude professor Ive ever had. She makes it hard to approach her outside of class because she will be unnecessarily rude to you and make you feel stupid. I simply asked to look at the grade sheet in an email which she rudely responded that she didnt understand why I didnt already see it. Her voice is monotone and uninteresting.
She is the worst professor I have ever had! She is rude and unclear. She does not care if you do not understand. If you ask questions be prepared to be called stupid multiple times in front of the whole class. Either take a different class or keep your head down and read the book, because she will not teach you.
She doesnt care about you, she only cares about the animals. Super ironic as she complains about zoos and how theyre bad for animals yet she requires you to go to the zoo to do a report. GO FIGURE!! Just like everything else she is unclear with what she wants and says one thing but does another
Claims she's organized and took "30 units a semester at UC Davis" but her lectures show otherwise. Don't even get me started on her outlines and grading policy for them. This class isn't worth taking find a better instructor
Easy A but not learning anything from her class.
While I'm sure she is quite good in their field of expertise, I would venture to say that teaching might not be that field. Not only were lectures very disjointed and jumbled, but also there was inaccurate information given about some topics. All in all, I was incredibly disappointed by her teaching and I'll be taking this from a different prof.
I hated this class. Did not like the teacher one bit. The class was pretty hard. Have to work very hard to get a good grade. I suggest taking some other class or at least some other teacher.
This class is overall very easy. No homework. No quizzes. Doesn't care if you take notes. Although she will drop you for attendance. She is very forgetful and doesn't remember a lot of what she tells you. Watch your grade cause she doesn't. She will tell you one thing and do another. She will call you out in the middle of class and yell at you too.
Avoid this teacher if you can. She is rude, not helpful, mean, will tell you off, embarrass you in class, off topic subjects, not helpful in actually learning the materials, tests are extremely hard. I think she wants her students to fail. gets irritated very easily. She is also very strict. She thinks she's funny.
I didn't like this class at all. Talks too much about off topic subjects and her experiences in Egypt. Her main focus is egyt. She is extremely rude and not helpful. It was uncomfortable to approach her with questions. She kept telling our class how much she didn't like our class becasue of a few students who didn't show up to class. Tests are hard
The whole grade is based on the tests. Do the outlines for the test and it will up your grade. She offers a lot of extra credit, but has you study unnecessary material for the test. Study just the buzz words and you'll do fine.
Worst teacher I ever experienced & will never take her again. She is always talking down to students & if you answer a question wrong she will say stuff like "Where the hell did you get that answer? Are you really that stupid?" HORRIBLE TEACHER!! She has a heavy accent & didnt understand "I'm" in a paper either so Im not sure if she should teach.
I read many of your reviews just to see if I was the only one, NOT! She is not a teacher, a researcher maybe, but she doesn't know how to teach. She is ill prepared for lectures, reads from her own book. She is arrogant, and rude but maybe that is just part of growing up in Egypt? You might want to try someone else.
Found her to be very rude, she doesn't care about her students.She expects you to know everything already and and will put you down for giving the wrong answer. She hardly teaches, just tells the same stories about herself and gives a few key terms. Her class is very easy, but if you want to learn, I would't recommend her..
She spends the whole class period talking about her anthropological adventures. She does not prepare you well for the tests. She is teaching just for the money. She requires you to buy a book that she wrote that is overpriced and riddled with grammatical errors, and it does not make sense. She only talks about egypt because she is from egypt.
If you take Dr. Stolba, its not cultural anthropology, its Egyptian anthropology. She is very biased. She will force her opinions on you. Her tests are short, but hard. She complains about everything. Hates it when students don't show up, don't talk in class, and ask her questions after class. She can be really short and RUDE!!
Insulting, degrading, condescending--and that's on a good day. She spent a whole day insulting everyone's major: English majors have "no idea" what to do with themselves, nursing majors are "wasting their time." If you answer questions she'll make you feel stupid and if you don't she'll stare you down. I got an "A" and I still hated this class.
One of the worst classes and teachers ever. Make sure to go to class b/c she takes attendance for grade. Make sure to do ALL of the outlines and extra credit (which you have pay money for most of them) to get a good grade. She's incoherent and so are her articles that she wrote. You'll feel dumber after taking her class.
Stolba; frist of all very rude, bad attitude, mean... Just wonder, how she became Anthropologist dr., whith her attitude...? I would not recommend her if you have diffucult schedule in your life! She would not understand you at all!
i was not looking foward to this class but i was so happy to see it end. Stolba is an unstimulating conceited professor. her personality and appearence are both ugly. found it hard to attend her class. dont take her.
Horrible person and teacher. Didn't think that people could talk like that to their students and still remain a professor. Physical Anthropology is not longer an interest to me after taking this class. I find that rather sad. Any teacher that discourages education does not belong in a teaching position.
Reminder: this is coming from a straight A student who loves college. I was absolutely unempressed with Dr. Stolba. She was very unprofessional when talking in class discussions. SHe was always putting down the class when we didn't understand what she was trying to teach. Stuck it out and struggled my way through, but would never take her again.
What a horrible person. She did not let me retake a test that I had missed because my mom had died. She doesn't care about the students and she is extremely opinionated about other cultures. Its amazing that an anthro teacher would have such an ETHNOCENTRIC view of the world. She's exactly the opposite of what you would want or expect in a prof
doesn't care about the students at all. Thinks we are all idiots. Lectures way off topic from the tests but she is funny and interesting to listen to.
it seem that she did not care about the class that she was teaching. she went on vacation in the middle of the semester. she does not put any effort in her lectures, everything we are tested on we need to look it up from the book. Not COOL
Shouldn't be a teacher. Too preoccupied with traveling to Iraq and being president of an organization. Left us with a sub for 10 days, came back and we had a test that day. bad planning, bad assignments, bad teacher.
She is so arrogent. She thinks she is better than everyone else. She gets on my nerves because of her personality. She just angers me.
She knows her stuff but she is very arrogant, she thinks she is above everyone. she tells her stories throughout class instead f going over what is gonna be on the test. Her Buzz questions help but not as much as they should. She goes over her material qui
One of the worst teachers ever. Isn't really up to date on current information, knows more about her institute than anthropology. Don't really care what she's done around the world because she's a crappy teacher
ARROGANT. She thinks that anthro is the only beneficial field. Easy class, closed-minded woman. She criticizes her own kids for not joining her field. Tedious assignments. I hated the class but got an A eaily.
Don't take him..it's as simple as that..He cannot explain the material and expects you to know the material and talk and write about it better than he can. Even questions on exams are confusing. DO NOT TAKE HIM...
Do NOT NOT NOT EVER put yourself through this torture... I'd rather be in the firy furnaces of Hell. Is not clear about anything at all and becomes frustrated with students when questions are asked of him.
unclear&out of it-who hired this guy?Im still searching for a point in his l
terrible class, take with someone else; very unclear & seems slow and confused
Worst teacher ever!
A very confusing teacher who may not even understand his own assignments
cant teach, very unprofessional, boring course and ov course she hates men if u know what i mean. wink wink
Not a hard class, but he changed the way that I think. Take Cult. Anth.
He mumbles. He's hard to understand.
looks like teen wolf
Mark is a great guy but not a very good teacher. He teaches one way and thats is how it is. I personally learn differently than him but he didn't care if you don't do it his way you're wrong. He tells to many stories and goes way to slow during class that it is hard to stay focus.
He is alright, just a little boring Zzzzzz. I really didn't mind math that much until I took his math class. If you can avoid taking his class do it. He is a nice guy and will go over everything as many times as it takes. He really enjoys teaching.
The 2nd worst professor I have had as a student.We were always a period behind in the readings. Tests covered the minute details and not what was talked about.She gave no real practical applications and too many group projects. UNORGANIZED and no time management. The only thing that made it bearable was the other students' trying to help each other
Material is not oraganized. She is very boring. Tests are very hard even if you study.
This professor is not a great professor, nor does she care about her students. I was in the hospital with mental health issues and missed a very important assignment, and even with documentation, she did not care and told me that I was making it up. She is a sore spot for such a great university.
While reviewing for our final test, students asked questions but she refused to answer because it "wasn't her job." Disorganized. Skips around.
Very boring, don't learn anything, tests hard, sounds like Paul off "Spin City"
How is Collier grading students this way legal. This goes on to show that the management of the business school is purely money minded and does not care about the students. The law will sleep but it will not die.
He seems like a nice guy; however, his teaching method and his lecturing leads it to be a difficult class. Tutoring also did not help with this class.
His powerpoints are not long, which is not good. He is difficult to follow. He assigns worksheets that are not for a grade, but if you do not do them you will not understand how to do the problems on the test that you have to work out. The only grades are the tests and extra credit from the econ videos he assigns, which there are not many.
Took 2 upper level econ classes with him. Does a very poor job of explaining the material. By the time he gets done with his 20 minutes of rambling, everyone is so lost we don't even know where to begin asking questions. When we clearly don't understand the material, he gets upset that we're not getting it.
Just awful
Had to retake his class. Worst professor I've ever had. Only class I have ever failed. Tests were insane. Did not explain material well.
HE AWFUL HARDEST TEACHER AND WHEN IT COMES TO TESTS THAT IS YOUR ONLY GRADE AND THE STUFF ISNT EVEN IN THE POWERPOINTS FROM THE STUDY GUIDE IT IS A REQUIRED CLASS FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE SO UNLESS YOU LOVE ECON AND ARE GOOD AT IT DO NOT TAKE IT WITH HIM. WORST MISTAKE I EVER MADE!
He is AWFUL!!
He is the worst teacher. He thinks he knows everything and thinks you should know how to do everything yourself. He never explains anything and he is a real jerk if you dont understand something that he does. I would not recommend him to anyone! I wouldn't even call him a teacher.
not a responsible instructor!
This is the worst teacher I have ever had in my college career. He makes the class a lot harder than it should be. Good luck.
if you do get stuck and have to take him be prepared to study. the best thing to do is use the past exams, they are a huge help. he is not very clear in his teaching and it's almost better to teach yourself. if you do study then it's not too bad.
This is the worst teacher i have ever had. He doesn't give a crap about any of his students and thinks they are all dumb. His tests are extremely hard and it doesn't matter if you go to class he hates you anyways and will more than likely fail you or give you a horrible grade.
Terrible teacher. You may think you know what he is talking about but trust me you don't. Not friendly at all. It doesn't matter if you study everything provided you will still fail all tests - do not take this teacher please!
He is a very hard teacehr and doesn't care about his students at all!! Don't take him at all, he is the worst teacher NW has to offer. His tests are extremly hard and he drops his grading scale but it's still hard to pass. He sucks at teaching!!
Very hard, I spent so much time stressing about the class that I don't remember anything I learned. He is very negative and not helpful at all. Also he needs to leave his personal out of the classroom.
AVOID! He is tenured, so if you go to his office for help he will say "I CANT HELP YOU" repeatedly. bad tests, drops grading scale
dont even and ever think get A from Him...forget about it
Not everyone is an Econ major
I don't mind working hard..... but what the Hell? Can you say T-E-N-U-R-E
HELLO!?! we are not econ majors, so dont teach us like we are!!! lousy prof. !!
Worthless
It is too hard, i wish i didn't pick this class!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Terrible!!! Only 4 grades in class 3 test and 1 paper. The paper is over an extra book you have to buy. Don't expect extra credit. Doesn't take attendance. Lectures whole time and rushes through things to get caught up with other sections. Go to the SI helps by giving you definitions for terms and covering the lechure!
His lectures are interesting but the test are really hard and the study guide he gives are not that helpful. I never missed a day of the class and studied my notes and I'm probably going to get a C. There's better History teachers then this guy....take somebody else!
Not a bad teacher. Very approachable. Boring lectures and somewhat hard to take notes. Uses powerpoint but additional notes needed. Only 4 grades make up final grade. I got a very good grade on the Book Essay and B/S'd the whole thing. Test reviews are not very clear compared to test.
i would steer clear of this guy! only grades on 3 tests and 1 paper over a very long and boring book. lectures are boring and reviews sheets are about 8 pgs long! TAKE SOMEONE ELSE!
i don't know who these people are kidding! i went to every class and studied religiously and still did miserable. his lectures are sooo boring! and he gives you test reviews on ecompanion but they're 5-10 pages long! he's very unclear on what to study for. only 3 tests and 1 paper...i would suggest taking someone else!
Went to the Oliver Stone school of history
his way or the highway, does he know what he is talking about???
Hard to listen to
Very unfair point wise, also grades on his own system.
(Bioethics) He had no enthusiasm and we read off slides the whole time. When we wrote papers he had little to say and still gave a bad grade for them. Nothing seemed to be satisfactory for him. We were only graded on tests and the essays we wrote. The tests comprised of some things we learned and things that we had to learn on our own.
Most monotone professor I have ever listened to. Made me almost fall asleep for the hour and a half that I had to listen to him drone on about the most random things not pertaining to the subject and only lectures. The tests are difficult and there are few notes. Slurs some of the names and topics you need to write down and talks way too fast.
This course was one of my biggest regrets in college. The major of this "professional ethics" course was spent dragging on about ethical theory that wasn't relevant to any workday of my career path. Even Dr. Field seemed to be bored and tired of his teachings. He was monotone, unengaging, and seemed to enjoy telling students that they were wrong.
Grades very strictly and doesnt offer help. He is an awful professor and his lectures are boring. Do not take this professor! Grade is based solely on papers and tests that are very difficult. Hated this professor!
Do not recommend this class. Both my roommate and I took it at different times and it was incredibly boring. I did not learn a single thing and he only grades a few things. Your grade is based on exams and I did not understand half of them.
This is the worst class I have ever taken. Dr Field is the typical terrible professor you see in movies. Lectures with words that dont make sense to anyone unless you are a professional ethithsist. Papers are impossible, I needed help on one and went into his office, he did not do one thing to help me understand the material better.
I consider myself a hard worker and study hard, with that said this class is freaking hard. The only grades in Intro are the tests. You never really know what this man wants. If you do take the class sit at the back because he smells of smoke and you will fall asleep everyday from the lectures.
Worst class I have ever taken at Northwest. He has no explanation for the grades he gives on papers. You can study the lecture as much as you want and still get a C on every test. Don't expect to get a good grade in this class unless you are an Ethicist.
He is beyond boring! He tries to crack random jokes but everyone is half asleep and doesn't care. Don't take him. It will make for a miserable semester!
Bad teacher. First part of course, easy, but grades his papers/essay-tests very harshly even if you know the material 100%. Second part of the course is much harder. He expects you to learn several things that he hardly teaches, yet, when you put your answers(after you studied your butt off) down on paper he will grade it on his own criteria.
Not a very helpful guy. The first day he makes the class seem interesting, but it is far from it. Pretty difficult.
This guy is freakin boring. Monotone and cant take notes in his class without falling asleep. Oh and bring a dictionary to class cause he turns the easiest stuff into the biggest workds you cant even type. Hated this teacher.. Take EISWERT!!! MUCH BETTER!!!
Very boring, but a super nice guy. The tests are decently hard.
Unneccessarily technical in speech, makes inherently simple concepts very complex. I suggest downloading the powerpoints (if available) so you know what he's covering, then read it yourself... you'll have a much better chance of understanding it that way. Seriously, if you can take Eiswert instead, don't hesitate. This guy murders the interesting.
NAP TIME! Make sure this is not your first or your last class of the day, in the morning you WILL fall asleep, he is boring and monotone.. Deffienntly have to agree that he gives new meaning to the word boring.. AVOID TAKING HIM AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!
Not really a teach I would take again man. This guy would continually make irrelevant references to household pets. Pretty vague, discouraged any philopophy related material I would care to learn in the future.
Yes! Get ready to nap! This guy is soooo boring! One word: MONOTONE!!
He doesn't give notes. We're just supposed to write down what we think is imporant. His lectures are boring and the tests are hard.
Lectures are boring. I'm not sure what I'll be tested over.
He sucks! Do not take this class. It is so boring and the tests are too hard!
The worst class I've ever had at NW. Ineffective teaching style.
he sucks don't take him
very boring i only went to class beacuse he takes attendance
OMG! Talks to hear himself talk! So full of himself and boring!
DON'T EVER TAKE HIM FOR ETHICS! Barely got an A!
never was in his office for office hours, when you couldn't make it to office hours he did not want to help you or make an appointment, very lazy teacher
i don't know what to say here
It was horrible. He wasn't clear on anything and if you don't teach yourself, you won't do well!
I hate, hate, hated this class!! There were only 200 points for the whole semester and tests were all a,b,c,d,all of the above options. Be creative, think of an answer for E or don't put one at all! Learned 20% of the material and got one of my only C's.
He seems to know what he is talking about, but is so unclear in what he wants in essay questions. He gives out reviews before exams but the study questions don't match the actual exam. He gave out two take home exams, but grades hard and doesn't make it clear what he's looking for. Doesn't respond to emails either...and never answers questions..
He seems to know what he is talking about, but is so unclear in what he wants in essay questions. He gives out reviews before exams but the study questions don't match the actual exam. He gave out two take home exams, but grades hard and doesn't make it clear what he's looking for. Doesn't respond to emails either...
Essay questions were totally unclear and couldn't comprehend them...
Dry as dust. Lecture only, very little interaction and discussion. Tests difficult. 1/3 of class failed first test. Very few points to earn for class so easy to get low grade. Usually straight A student so quite unhappy about this. I'd drop a class in the future if he ended up as professor.
The things he teaches are easy concepts, mostly common sense, but there are only 2 tests worth 50 pts. So, once you miss about 3 or 4 questions on one test you're already failing the class and have no chance of recovery. Class can seem dull most of the time.
Class time was not useful, not sure what to study for the tests. Not very organi
closed minded, poor lectures and weak tests
Bias opinions, lacks clairity, huge ego, weak and dull lectures, humanistic
.Didn't know what to study for tests.Boring lectures,class time/lecture useless
Thanks for the F!
I ACED the class but did not enoy the instruction!
Thompson is a tough grader, and expects you to learn and agree with his theology without conversation. If you do not learn his theology for the test, you will fail. If you are looking for an informative helpful class, I would not take his. He is slightly inflammatory if you bring up some disagreement.
Hardest class I have taken at Calvin. Exam format is horrible. He assumes you understand what he is understanding when only the religion majors in the class do. Avoid his class!
As a senior reflecting on a class I took as a freshman, I can honestly say this was one of my hardest classes. People left the final exam in tears... I would not recommend taking him! His one term paper is still regarded as the hardest paper I ever wrote!
Ignorant; with a huge complex of inferiority; he compared the Trinity with the three stooges; envious about my excellence in writing and thinking;
oh my word. i'm an A- student, and his is the first class i believe i may actually come very close to failing. his exams are impossible, he's harsh, and his lectures are sooo random
He refused to help me after class when I needed assistance. He was unwilling to sign my tutor papers and was a jerk to me all semester. If you can't keep up with him intellectually you are screwed!
For being a communications professor, he is a terrible communicator... Don't get behind in the CP system: it's insanely hard to understand and is extremely pointless. The class is all busywork and no learning. Oh and be ready for tons acronyms with few explanations.
Prof. Fackler is the worst prof I've ever had. He's lazy and doesn't teach. His class is totally subjective and works to maginalize students who don't want to work on it all the time, even if the work they do is solid work. He doesn't teach. I want my money back.
Hardest class I've ever taken. This is a core class and it will ruin your GPA. Shouldn't be a freshman class. I would say its difficult level is that of a Religion major class. I would say do not take, but unless you're an engineer, you have to.
Very intelligent and humorous at times, but very difficult to understand and a tough grader.
Worst prof! I dropped the course after failing reading quizes and the first test. His reading quizes are EXTREMELY detailed, basically memorize the reading. Wouldnt recommend him at all. Avoid if possible.
Very hard, not too eager to help. My hardest class last semester
Hardest class I ever took, very insightfull but throws way to much at you
Aweful tests that don't even reflect the information disscused in class. Don't try to talk to him about it because he will keep saying "I don't get why this is so hard for you" Class is so unorganized and pointless. Like plants way to much.Oh and he lied to my class 3 times in two minutes.
Horrible professor. Doesn't care about the students at all. Expects you to know everything in the boring useless textbook. I literally could hear people snoring every class. He had a curve on the midterm then did nothing for the final and the final was ridiculous and nit picky. thanks to his stubbornness my grade went down a full letter grade.
extremely boring, didn't seem to care a whole lot about students, you have to use his book which isn't good, we've covered a lot, but learned little, he does have a weird curve which is helpful
Take a different prof if you can. Plain and simple. Its not that the tests are that hard, its just that they do not cover anything he teaches in class. Which sucks, because i went to class.
He is the worst prof ive ever had. DO NOT TAKE HIM. Plus, he has his own book you have to use because he couldnt get anyone else to buy it. He could give a crap about the students -- by the end of the semester he only knew like 3 peoples names.
if you are thinking about taking his class, think again. his is one of the worst prof i have ever had, not only is he boring, but also unhelpful. he likes to brag about his MIT degree (but couldn't do simple math) also his tests are stupid and does not make any sense at all. DONT TAKE HIM!!!!!!!!!
He is a very intelligent guy but not fit to teach entry level econ. He tends to look down at his students like they are stupid.
I bet Tiemstra gave himself those two good ratings. Valium is necessary to survive...awful...
His tests have little to do with what he teaches.
outlandish expectations, snappy ora
Scott has seriously made me reconsider my major. He only understands himself during lectures. It's a intermediate Macro class but it feels as an Advanced+ class. Notes are barely existent and doesn't rely on his textbook, which is about 12 years too old. Didn't learn anything about Economics for a whole class.
He's a great guy, but a poor prof. Not very clear in class and doesn't give much feed back on Labs or homework. Tends to confuse himself and the class during lectures.
Gives tons of work, tons of journals, hard tests, lectures don't help much at all
I've only been in this class for a week and I already hate it. She doesn't help you on anything at all and just assumes that you know everything. She even puts extremely difficult questions on homework that she never taught in class. If it wasn't past the drop date, I would most definitely switch out of her class.
I agree, pointless busywork, she does talk well, but really!! nothing worthwhile.
Wells is the worst prof at GV. She is so mean and so uncaring. She loads you up with so much more work than the other Math 221 professors. The tests are so hard and you never have time. The final was a NIGHTMARE! Wells has good intentions but she is so rude, especially if he need help.
Wells was so frustrating to have because she never helped you figure out answers to the problems. Her tests were horrifying even if you studied your butt off. She only likes those who are good in math and if you aren't, she'll completely ignore you if you need help. Take someone who will care.
Dr. Lacoste posts lecture videos online. She posts one for every module, however, they are not all easy to follow along with. Some of them really just confuse you and point you in a different direction. Tests are hard, final is very very very hard. The practice that is given with the homework and practice problems doesn't help much for tests.
The course is very easy. Middle schoolers could pass but while it is an boring subject she was extremely boring. She treats the class like an assembly line and has her annoying kids proctoring. She let me fail with a 0 on an exam because I missed my section and came to a different one because of consistency but let another girl take hers.
Worst teacher I have ever had. Stay away from her at all costs
So rude. When all you have is a simple question she can easily make you feel like an idiot for not knowing, awful.
The material is irrelevant & idiotic. It's basically a basic Excel class w a scoop of Access on top. Pure fluff. Tests are poorly worded & will include examples from class. Quizzes are copied from text; her time limits guarantee that you have to skim the chapters beforehand. Project was easy w extra credit. Tossed book in trash.
I am surprised that Virginia Tech would hire a woman who has no consideration for her students. From taking this class it gave me a horrible taste in my mouth about the university. She should be ashamed in herself, she is only out for the students worst intentions.
Trust me, you need to chew the whole book to survive this class
The first time i've seen such this unprofessional business professor as her. She even wears flip flops to class. Her exams were horrible, they focused on what the heck in this world. This is supposed to be an easy A class but she has made it a straight B, C or even failed. Not recommended, if you have no choice but to take her class, then gud luck!
Horrible!!! her tests are annoying, they are taken on iclickers, and if you aren't done in 20 min shell turn off the base!(she never said she would turn it off)never responds to emails, shes always paranoid, she doesnt care about her students :(
Terrible professor. The lady discouraged me from getting a business degree.
she sucks at teaching and its even harder to look at her in person
Jean is smart but she doesn't know how to teach. The tests are really really hard and nobody knows what she is talking about during her lectures. Do the Extra Credit though and it might help. The final exam is the hardest and I failed it even though I stayed up all night studying. Glad I will never see Jean again.
this class is sooo boring, and i never paid attention or read the book, but i never missed a class even at eight in the morning b/c she gives extra credit for showing up, which really adds up. i got an A in the class b/c if the online quiz q's are THE EXACT SAME AS ON THE TEST!! which makes it really easy to get a 98%...
Mean Jean has the hardest tests ever. She never cancels class... most of my friends took it twice.
She is a horrible person. If you have to take this class, like me, I'm sorry. She won't ever help you and she is a complete, well you know. She is not there for the students at all.
This woman is evil.
horrible
I hate this class it is so boring and the only reason I go is because Jean is so freakin sexy. I LOVE her. Anyway, if you want to take ACIS you have to go through her literally and figuratively. So, have fun, but try an not to stare at and admire her hotness too much. Once again, I LOVE "mean Jean".
screw all teachers who act this way ,,, stupid teachers who got no life SICK MINDED
Crappiest Professor ever!!!! She will ruin your chances of getting into pamplin!!!!!!! Thats the truth.
sucks
Changing major's would be better then taking this course. People who do well have their head up her (you know)and don't have a life because their to busy studing for that class and their complete losers. She is impossible to deal with. The school needs to kick her out for being so bad. good luck you will need it.
Lacoste ruins lives.
Good luck your going to need it.
The devil's twin.
Attending class was not helpful
There is a 350 character limit so i didn't get to finish from before.Somebody who takes pride in the fact that they are the most hated person at Tech is somebody who shouldn't teach.I don't know what somebody was on when he/she said she is there for students cause she's not.Two hours a week!Also,how are we suposed to contact her?Where's her e-mail?
She is honestly the worst thing since Osama Bin Laden. She is never there to help students, she is only in her office on tuesdays from 11-1, which is the minimum for business teachers. She is also the laziest teacher i think i have ever seen, and trust me i've seen some bad ones. I wish there was some way not to have to take her class.
Worst professor... basically ever.
worst class taken so far at Tech. Lacoste is a bad teacher.
Lacoste might be the absolute worst teacher at any university. She doesn't care about anyone in any of her classes and she would be just as happy if everyone got "E"s as she would if everyone got "A"s. It doesn't matter to her as long as she gets her pay check! Like everyone else said, avoid this class at All costs!
It takes everything you've got to go to class, and then you realize all that effort has gone to waste cuz she'll bore you back to sleep. She has class no matter what the weather, neve r in office,keep you for the full hour and fifteen under any circumstance, and go on about something that should take 15 min to explain. She generally sucks.
She is the worst teacher ever. Avoid at all cost. Change major, transfer colleges, just dont take her class, shes a complete ****.
this woman is entirely boring. she does not care about fairness, so don't expect her to listen to you!
IF YOU TAKE THIS CLASS KILL YOURSELF RATHER THAN GO YOU WILL DIE OF BOREDOM ANYWAY. and i'll cut her hair if i get the chance.
She is the most boring teacher I have ever seen in my life. She will literally put you to sleep. She doesn't help students, she is about as rigid as a board, physically and with the syllabus. You don't her but if you're a business major, you have no choice.
One of the worst teachers I have ever had. Her her hair is so very long and beautiful. Learned nothing that I didn't already know but got a C because her tests are so wounderful.-SIKE!
You don't want her
She spends every class ranting about 1 (2 if you're lucky) poems and then rambles on about extremely niche interests. She grades completely subjectively with no rubric. The good news is she rambles so much I just play on my laptop all class. For what little content is actually covered its annoying how hard she grades.
Worst professor Ive ever had. Told us it was disturbing if we have a close relationship with our mothers. Rambled on the entire class period and did not learn a thing. Gave her unsolicited opinions about everything. Told us in our assigned papers that our interpretations of the poems were wrong. Grades completely subjectively. Would not recommend
All over the place. Never really talks about assignments in class. Confusing. Goes off track and on rants. Gets irritated when no one participates but makes no effort to engage anyone that doesnt have an interest in the niche material.
This class was the worst. She doesn't let you interpret anything unless its her opinion. I'm not an idiot, im in the honors program, and i did pretty bad on the poems just because she interpreted them the wrong way. I would rather throw up in my own mouth and duct tape it in, than take this course again.
don't take her class if you are or look republican or if you are quiet. helpful to her favorites, good luck if you aren't one.
Huge flake. Never prepaired for class. Doesn't explain assignments. Goes off on tangents for whole class period. Doesn't like you if you disagree with her opinons.
I would strongly recommend not taking this class. Speaking to my experience with Barreto online, I can tell you two things: 1) He teaches nothing. It's all "fill in the blank" reading assignments (easy, but you don't learn anything) and 2) He will not Email you back, no matter how many times you email him. Incredibly unresponsive and unhelpful.
Unresponsive to emails, not engaged in class (never sends any emails or updates regarding the course), tests and assignments are old. This class and all other criminal justice classes he teaches are set up for students to fail.
Couldn't care any less if you actually learn in his class. Is not helpful with questions or problems. Actually rude. Hasn't updated his syllabus or assignments in years...same dates from 5+ years ago on some materials. Homework assignments confusing due to his lack of interest in teaching. Really unfortunate 'cause this could have been a cool class
not a good instructor all he talks about is his old stories. and i you want to be an officer thats not what you need to be learning.
Funny, but not helpful when it comes to learning the material.
Didn't get back to me on any of the questions I had on homework until it was already handed in...never understood my questions when I asked him in person... offered no help other than to work more problems out of the book when I was having problems even working the easy ones.
This guy's a jerk. The tests were ridiculous for the amount of time allowed. Good luck, you're going to need it!
The Lectures were not too bad but went off topic very often and I had a hard time keeping focused in the lectures. They became so mundane to the point where I didn't even need to come to class. This class all depends on the quality of your TA. My TA was not very helpful and gave us no practice problems to do. This class is dependent on the TA.
Kenneth needs to retire. His lectures are pointless, boring, and full of random stuff that no one cares about but him. His final is impossible and is not even worth taking cause he expects us to know stuff that we NEVER LEARNED. Wtf. Im saving you future pain... DONT TAKE HIS CLASS!
He really is a great guy and you can tell he's super knowledgeable about economics. However, his class is not easy at all, and the exams are terrible. I would not recommend this class with Elzinga to anybody. In terms of "the experience of taking econ with elzinga," highly overrated. No one cares about the "experience" if it means your GPA tanks.
Lectures are interesting, but painfully useless. The two midterm exams are difficult, but doable. Good luck getting above a 75 on your final exam. If you get a good TA, you might make it out alive. If you get an average or subpar TA, drop and take ECON2010 with someone else. Do not take it with Elzinga if you care about your GPA at all.
If there's one mistake you're going to make at UVA that you will regret forever, it's taking ECON 2010 with Elzinga. It is RIDICULOUS how much of a difference there is between taking it with Elzinga vs Doyle/Santugini. Elzinga's final is impossible, has terms that never were taught, and his two midterms are graded so partially it's hilarious.
Elzinga is caring but beyond that, I don't see any redeeming qualities about this class.The final is worth either 50 or 100% of your grade and doesn't even test conceptual knowledge but instead obscure details from somewhere in a 500 page textbook. The lectures are dry and pointless also. I am considering changing my major because of this class.
Lectures are useless. He rambles on about an amount of information you could learn from reading a page of the textbook. Most classes have iClicker questions, but you can answer them from anywhere. Test content varies and are overall pretty difficult even having read text. Pray you get a good TA
I took this class twice, once with Elzinga and once with Doyle. When I took it with Doyle, everything made sense and was so much easier/far less time-consuming. I got an A+ in the class and learned a lot. Elzinga's final included references and questions/math that were never addressed/taught in class. Do yourself a favor and take it with Doyle.
lectures are useless and the final is unnecessarily hard and also worth either 50% or 100% of your grade
Don't take his class unless you want to lower your GPA.
Terrible professor
Avoid this man
I have no idea why he is so famous. He legit sucks. Why is he so terrible?? Unclear. UVA needs to do SO MUCH better. He is a terrible lecturer and kinda annoying. He makes you buy his own book that he wrote under a different name so you don't know it is his.
I DON'T LIKE HIM
I found the concepts within the course to be quite interesting and I will probably end up becoming an ECON major. However, Professor Elzinga is simply a bad professor. I did not learn a single thing from any of his lectures and the course was basically learn it yourself. Luckily, I had a very good TA who helped me. Elzinga is famous, but he sucks.
He is not all he is cracked up to be. His tests are extremely tricky and he only has the TAs grade them, who are harsh. He rambles in lecture about nonsense and then will ask a deeply specific question on a test about nonsense whether or not it has to do with the standard microeconomics course material.
He is super hard and his TAs are just students who grade too tough. He is overrated and does not deserve the high reputation he somehow holds.
Everyone says that this is a class everyone should take. It. Is. Not. Not only are the lectures and discussions pointless but the exams are extremely difficult. Elzinga tries to make the lectures interesting but never gets his point across. The best lecture of the year was given by the head TA.
DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS! DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS! DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS! Especially if you've NEVER taken Econ before! You'll have to teach yourself everything - DO NOT TAKE IT. If you really need econ for a requirement take it with a smaller class not a 1000-PERSON LECTURE!!!!!!!! You have been warned.
Was explecting alot more from elzinga...Test are hard (with very open ended question, but just one specific answer), As a teacher he's terrible, lecture is a waste of time since the book teaches you everything he does and alot more, As for the TAs...good luck trying to understand them (I still cant pronounce my TA's name)
overrated. really. i bet he's a nice guy, but not that great of a teacher, does not live up to the hype
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
BS's during lectures, won't take questions or see you in office. Ambiguous tests
If this class wasn't required for the psychology major there is no way I would've taken it. Professor Brunjes clearly does not care about how his students do on the tests and the lectures are so scattered.
BAD PROFESSOR! The material seems straightforward enough but the tests are REALLY HARD! The class average on tests was like a 60%! The test questions don't test your knowledge of the overall material but your remembering some minute point in the reading that was all of one sentence! Not recommended. :(
Unhelpful, unpleasant, uninteresting. I regret wasting my time in his class.
Very dissapointed in this class and his teaching methods. Sarcastic and rude to the students.
Worst prof I have ever had. He should not be allowed to teach, seriously.
Hated her as a teacher. She played favorites to the point where I did better on all 3 tests, had a better qz average and did better on the hw and final than someone else by a considerable amount. I knew the other kid, we both computed our averages I had an 86.5 avg, he a 70 avg, and we both go B's
SHE SUCKS. NOT FAIR...Not the best teacher ever.
i can't believe she has any good reviews at all! i wouldn't be surprised to see her riding a broom in the sky. a miserly old lady that seems to hate her job and all but 2 people in the class. take absolutely anyone else for english 302!
not helpful!!!!!!!
Dont get ur self into a huge trouble by reading the below comments.She got no sense of humour.She's no helpful.No 2nd chance to write papers.The class stinks. You can find many nice&helpful teachers so dont waste money...
His lectures were ridiculously long, unstructured, and pretty boring. The questions on the 2 midterms and final were extremely tricky and difficult. There was no other coursework that went into your final grade, so if you don't do well on the exams there was nothing you could do to pick it up. I wouldn't recommend this course unless you need it.
No matter how hard I tried, I could not for the life of me understand anything he was saying. His lectures left me perpetually confused. The weekly essays are the majority of the grade, so put your efforts into those, even though the prompts are incomprehensible.
Waldman is absolutely insane. At times this can be fun and at times it can be infuriating. DO NOT take this class unless you are required to. If you are required then make sure to get good TA's becaue they do all the grading and they can translate Waldman's babbles for you.
Waldman is incomprehensible and his class is the worst. Most of the TA's are excessively anal about grades and their are no exact set of rules to follow or adhere to when writing papers. This class was completely useless and did not increase my interest for architecture. It's a necessary evil to complete the Architecture major.
Completely discourages all interest in architecture. Although with only one paper for the class due weekly, it requires little outside work and often this paper can be done without attending lecture, so little time at all.
Ugh. By far my biggest headache of the semester. Waldman is either absolutely insane, or a genius. He usually leans toward insane. The material is interesting, but basically you just have to pray for a good TA.
Waldman's class is very time consuming. Your grade doesn't really vary with how much effort you put into it the work. You will probably get a B. His lectures are crazy and there is no point in going because he rambles on the whole time with his own thoughts. This class is not worth the time if you don't plan on majoring in architecture.
The class starts out hellishly, but calms down once you realize grades are often unrelated to the amount of effort you put into the paper (varies with TAs). The lectures make no sense whatsoever, and the TAs have no clue what's going on. Not easy, not fun. This class is supposed to weed out the men from the boys.
This guy's class is worthless.
I attended her course carefully. But I still can't figure out what the point was... bleah
I thought this class was going to be informative and fun- please don't take this unless you are planning on majoring in psychology!! It was useless and a massive GPA tanker. I am in the engineering school and taking very difficult classes, yet this was my lowest grade. Emery was no help, and the fact that your entire grade was only 4 tests was crap
I made a C in this class but not without BUSTING my tail. Tried to get help, professor doesn't care about students at all. Anyone who likes this professor must be as insane as he is.
Awful professor, do not take any of his classes!
This is the most insane, annoying, hard teacher ever. He doesn't have a clue what he is talking about, tests are soo hard, and he is very hard to listen to. Shows old boring videos way too much & doesnt want to help you at all. DONT TAKE HIM!!!!
Dispicable yankee man...hates southerners...needs to get out of boone...misquoted Kennedy and doesnt know much about what he talks about...run...run fast!!
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE little man, such a bad yankee attitude, rambles the entire class, BORING, unfair class participation, RUN AWAY!!!
This guy is the WORST teacher on the planet!!! he's boring, gives tons of worthless assinments, and doesn't know anything about the subject he teaches!! If his is the only class open take it a different semester!!! ANYTHING is better then this guy!
the worst teacher ever
the man is boring, the class is boring, you will have trouble staying awake. but the work really isn't that bad, and he gives you everything thats on the exams. i personally wouldnt wanna see this man again, but i think theres worse teachers than him.
Very unclear about what he expects. Hard exams, doesn't really grade fair. Boring and always uses every minute of the class period.
horrible teacher..... avoid him any way you can
This man should retire. DO NOT TAKE ANY CLASS HE TEACHES!!!
Death Awaits this man. Test are straight from study guides, but despite this blessing, its not worth hearing his coughing, hacking, yankee talking lectures. Most inconsiderate man at ASU.
THIS GUY IS ****!!!!!!!!!! I hate this guy so freaking much. NEVER TAKE HANFT!!!!
this man is evil, he can't teach, he's senile, he'll return ALL of your papers back to you even if they are A material, and tell you to redo them, his tests are easy though, but you have to do so many pointless projects your entire grade is based upon.
This guy just plain sucks
I REPEAT THE OTHER PERSON WHO SAID THIS...DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN....HE IS HORRIBLE!
DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN
I am a current student of his and I have only had him for about 2 months now and I have realized how bad he is. He is possibly the worst teacher I have ever had with tremendous amounts of work. His lectures do not help at all.AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS!
The worst professor I have ever had... He has the most annoying Yankee accent, tons of work, outrageously long/difficult projects with horrible lectures, no notes and boring movies. I wanted to die every time I had his class. NEVER EVER TAKE THIS HIM!
Horrible, Horrible, Horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!The onlt way you should take a class with hanft is if you are on crack!!!!!!!! I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PROFESSOR!!
Aspirin. You'll need lots of aspirin.
old man who should not be teaching. lots of BIG projects and grades dont make sense. Dont take him
Probably the worst teacher ever. He gives to much work and not enogh time to do it. Only gives 2 tests. Too many projects.
terrible teacher...assigns way too much pointless work, doesn't explain anything clearly, is very harsh and not good with grading. do not take this class with this professor!!!!
He doesn't really teach, or at least it's really hard to follow. An insane amount of work. Do not take his class.
Frankly the worst teacher I've ever had. Doesn't even listen to you as a responsible teacher should. A certifiable **** to boot.
Do not take this class!! You learn nothing, and he's very boaring. You do a crap lot of work, for nothing. Do not do contract grading. Hes ill tempered and doesn't explain anything.
boring as hell, avoid at all costs, take a drop if you have to its not worth the bullSH*&!!!
For someone who loves history, he made the course unbearable. Do not take him even if you like a challenge and history. He will bore you and not tell you anything you don't already know.
UGH! Is all I can say!!!
hated him with the fire of 1000 suns....dropped the class the day before midterms because I realized how horrible he was...the first week a girl walked out in the middle of the class and never came back
Avoid this teacher at all costs.
Completely inflexible to students' needs; talking to him doesn't help.
The case studies are awesome
I was very interested in the class before signing up, and at first, it was interesting. But, the review sheets for the exams flat out LIE on what you need to know, and the TAs grade hard. Expectations for the 3 papers are ridiculous for 2 pages each.
he co-taught with MJ Smith; didnt like Childress at all
If you take this class, be prepared to hate yourself. She is the absolute most incomprehensible prof at UD and bored me to tears. None of her hundreds of assignments have anything to do with the class, and half of them get cancelled with no warning. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS. EVER. NOT EVEN FOR A BREADTH REQ. TAKE SOMETHING ELSE, I BEG YOU.
DO NOT TAKE HER!!! worst decision of my life. She gives so much work that is useless to what we're learning and then decides not to count them toward your grade so you did all that work for nothing, is unclear about assignments, and then when you email her questions, she gives nasty and disrespectful emails back. plus she's boring. dont take her.
Donna Budani is completely incompetent. Its impossible to hear anything she says, and she changes up the homework so much you never know what is due. She would probably do better in a retirement home than a classroom.
Whoever said she probably just gives all A's wasn't lying...I stopped going to class halfway through the semester, didn't do ANY of the 5 major assignments, and still got a C. She makes the students do the work for her, almost totally discussion-based. She's disorganized, can't spell or pronounce words. Texts were repetitive, learned almost nothing
she's crazy. the comments before do not apply, as she changed her format around. NO review sheets, reads straight from the book, assigns work then doesnt collect it, changes her syllabus daily, makes no sense in class, tests on random information. Overall very disrespectful to students... can still get a good grade,but assigns 5 ch./night as h.w.-
Extremely hard.....avoid at all costs
An embarrassment to the University; has no clue how to teach, spell, give tests, take attendence, or even record grades (probably just gives everyone A's). Absolute worst teacher I've ever had.
She is crazy, writes nasty emails to students, and she isn't the best grade keeper. GO in and make sure she has the grade you deserve. This was such a waste I haven't learned anything about anthropology.
Class is easy, just as long as you do the papers. Test come straight from study guides, which she gives before the test.
Run far, far away. Possibly the worst communication and teaching skills ever.
YOU CAN'T TEACH MATH THROUGH TRANSPARENCIES AND AN OVERHEAD PROJECTOR!
Horrible teacher. DO NOT TAKE. Just talks for the period while you attempt to scribble notes and then the exams are a hard waste of time. She does not care about students.
Horrible teacher. Does not care about her students at all. You could be dyng and in the hospital and if you miss class to bad and you will fail. Totally obscure lecture, that really dont help you prepare for exam. Avoid this woman at all costs
Questions that I asked were never answered. This instructor didn't seem to care about a student's academic welfare. This was a terrible instructor.
Professor Coffey seems really nice at first but then he switches up fast! The class work we had was ridiculous and stupid and everyone was always confused on what was actually going on or what he wanted. Whenever I asked for help he would just tell me to ask another student and would never help me himself. Bad emailer! Do not take him!!!
Unclear how he became a professor, unclear how and why he grades the way he does, also get ready for a lot of "unclear" when you receive his grades. MTH 126 started October 27th and was only 13 in person classes. He only told us about the first 3 assignments that we had to do and then almost 2 weeks before the class was over we had a lot more work.
At first I thought David Coffey was going to be a great professor...I was completely wrong. I was treated like a elementary student, instead of helping us with math he pretty much avoided teaching it. He wants us to spend 2 hours on these ridiculous workshops. Would NEVER take him again! Complete waste of money! I didn't learn a single thing.
Coffey is a nice guy but he was not made to be a teacher. He rambles on and on, confuses himself, and rarely has a point. With two weeks in the semester, I have yet to learn a single thing. He has no idea how to explain what he's teaching and he'll explain the same topic four completely different ways. Do not take this professor.
Dave is pretty great! :)
Horrible prof! Made you feel like you were in 1st grade! Could not teach to save his life and actually refused to teach. You basically have to teach everything to yourself! The class was a waste of my time and money! He should have been paying me! Avoid!!
Lectures are very unhelpful. Puts trick questions on exams. Exams are held on saturday mornings (we had one the day after halloween). Exam questions have very little to do with teaching material. Book is unnecessary. He makes you buy a textbook he wrote himself.
He puts trick questions on all the exams. there are 2 midterms (both given in SATURDAY MORNING exam blocks) that are HARD. The quizzes won't prepare you, neither will taking AP Chem. I got a 5 on AP Chem, and this class is really tough. All his materials are handwritten in cursive and can be hard to read.
Hard to understand, and the lectures are very boring. The TAs were amazing though. Weekly quizzes are easy, exams are pretty tough, and he ends up giving a 5 point curve since there is no lab. Its not that best, but you'll live.
He was impossible to comprehend! he went from talking about chemistry to talking about his wife in the SAME SENTENCE! if you aren't an advanced chemical engineer working for NASA you wont understand what he's talking about! GOOD LUCK!!
terrible class, take something else like chem 103. Test are impossible, lectures are confusing, the only thing that helps is the curve and the T.A.'s. Worst science class you could take. Its so very boring long and a big waste of time.
curves down
Lectures are long and do not include test info! Get out now!!
If you rate him a good score you're delusional. He is the worst prof EVER. Barely speaks english, does not spend proficient time explaining concepts and then gets extremely frustrated with the class when no one does well on his impossible exams or when noone knows the answer to his unclear questions during lecture. I'd rather change my minor.
Takes attendance. Accent is HORRIBLE and this is the most boring class I've ever taken; it's torture but you have to go if you want the attendance grade. Not the nicest guy; he can be kind of rude if you ask him something. Classwork is annoying but easy so just do it. Exams are all multiple choice and T/F
It would take 15 paragraphs to explain how bad this teacher is. waste of life
Self-paced class, but you have to show up about every two weeks to take exams. LOTS of memorization and many of the test questions don't come from the book or drills online. To me it was excruciatingly boring, and I would seriously advise against taking this class unless you love memorizing words or already have an extensive background in science.
I hated this course and the professor. Ms. Ross doesn't care about the students and is not concerned about whether or not you learn anything. The class itself was harder than it should've been, especially since it was an elective. Don't take this class if you're looking for an easy A. TRUST ME.
The worst teacher I have ever had at UVA. He is slow and boring. Most students took a nap in his class. He hates being challenged and he wont like you after that. Very eregant man. I had to teach everything I know about that class. I got a B but I strongly believe I would of got an A if I was a girl. My girlfriend got an A!!!!!! I thought her every
pure hell
I have nothing good to say about this class. I love science but I hated this class with a passion. The work load is rediculous. She could have taught us more, better without it. You will not learn much that you didn't learn in 182. You will hurt. You will hate your life. You've been warned.
bad than ever
She is stupid. One day she wasted our time by showing us her email forwards and youtube videos. I'm paying money for this? I could laugh at the numa guy at home. She is not helpful, and it is regretfull that the university requires such a worthless class.
I got a good grade without any help from her, very unclear about format,
I was only in her class for a few days before I dropped the course. She was very rude to the whole class. Anytime I would ask a question, she seemed to enjoy making me feel stupid. This class did not have a work environment that I felt comfortable in.
Honestly the WORST UD prof. She doesn't care at all and is one of the laziest people I know. I had trouble with the homework and she wouldn't explain why I was wrong. Instead, she kept telling me to ask the TA. When the corrections were still unfixed, I called her/sent several emails without any reply. The corrections would have changed my grade :(
she pretends to be nice at the beginning of the semester, then she turns EEEVIL
Underhill has somewhat of a sense of humor. That is it. Not helpful, laughs at wrong answers, and doesnt care if no one understands. HW, quizes, and final are VERY hard! Look online for help on hw. Be ready to give answers in class when he calls on you. Try your best, cross your fingers, and hopefully you will pass.
Worst teacher I have EVER had. Seriously, DO NOT take his class - you'll regret it. One of the crankiest, most insensitive people I've ever encountered! Barely teaches, just goes over hw. Don't be surprised if you spend 2 hours doing the hw and then get it back w/ a score of 2/5 and comments like "missing the point" or "no, you don't understand."
Worst teacher I've ever had in my life. Overtly condescending, contradictory, and cranky. THIS IS WHY TENURE IS RIDICULOUS!!!
Boring, self-contradictory, unsympathetic. Can be funny, but just another teacher who seems to think that since he's tenured he doesn't have to teach. Relies on readings and uses all of class to go over the homework after he’s taken it and belittle people for wrong answers. Avoid if possible! (possibly take phonology through the speech department)
If you are the kind of person who feels better about themselves when the prof. destroys other, less gifted students in front of the whole class, this is the one for you. He has not updated his notes in 10 years and is WAY behind current research. A waste of time for advanced students and demoralizing for those who need help.
very unhelpful. dehumanizes and demoralizes students in office hour. humiliates students in class. refuses to answere questions in class. if you challange him, he will do everything he can to crush you in the class. teaches way above the 101 level, freshman beware, and if you do take him (god help you) dont drop out of college for him, some have!!!
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!!! or this class at that. he will not help you and will humiliate you in class. he won't respond to any of your emails asking for help. he wears green pants every day along with his 50 year old shirts. don't take this for an easy a, because you won't get one. his tests are raondom and hard. he is a very hard grader!
I hope I could say something good about this guy. NOTHING! Too bad he's the only guy who teaches this class. Don't even bother going to his office hours. He won't help anyways. His books, notes and shirts- all AGES old. He needs to retire.. let the better ones teach!
I have had many classes with this loser. Avoid him (I'm a straight A student). He likes young Asian women and anyone else is going to have to kiss butt for a good grade. Don't defy him, he will destroy you. Enjoys humiliating his students. His notes are so old that they are yellow with age. Doesn't bother to teach OT in upper division.
DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER AT ALL COSTS! Even if you need the class and it's your only option, wait till you can get a better teacher. He is difficult, doesn't listen and does not care about his students. He wrote hopeless on one of my homework assignements, pretty motivating, huh? He needs to retire!
Worst teacher ever. this guy ask questions to the class, that the class does know and waits five minutes for people to answer. he doesn't listen to anyone. either this guy has a hearing propblem or he's just an idiot. whatever you do, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. not even if you need the units. WORSTEVER
This guy is the worst teacher ever. He doesn't explain anything and makes you feel dumb when you ask. His tests are completely random and HARD! You don't even really know what to study for. Stay away from him, if you do take him GET A TUTOR! You'll need it!!!
Out of all of my professors at SDSU, most definitely the worst. I've hated linguistics ever since. I do admit he is very smart, but he should have stuck to writing textbooks or articles on theory. Talks down to students instead of teaching them. AVOID!
Avoid him. He won't help you even if you go to his office hours and ask questions. He laughs at you for asking basic questions.. If you have to take his classes- arrive at least five minutes before class starts, that's when he collects homework.
I was pregnant and had a class before his that was a cross campus. He would collect the homework early, before class started. I arrived to his class on time and he told me that my homework would all be marked late because he had already collected it.
This is the worst teacher ever
I have never hated a teacher so much in my life. He offers no guidance or help in a difficult class. When you ask a question he will destroy you. Tests are all inconsistent. I can't even believe he is allowed to teach at this school.
BRILLIANT! If you went to Harvard and were as smart as he is, you wouldn't take crap work from Liberal Studies students either!
I had 3 classes with him-had no choice-got an A every time. To pass his class,don't speak until spoken to and never ever question him. Learn to conform. This is character training. He is dead and doesn't know it.
What a disappointment. He's a bad example for people that are going into the teaching field. Teaching obviously wasnt his first career choice.
Doesn't give enough time for tests. If you ask him a simple question he goes off on a tangent, leaving you confused. Tests on EVERYTHING-all readings, things from class, random things. Trick questions. Avoid if possible!!
a terrible person
Very mean person, not willing to help, DO NOT TAKE, DROP OR CHANGE!
Shouldn't be teaching at the lower division level. Tries to be funny. Avoid him.
Not helpful at all; Don't bother going to office ours; He hates you already
Underhill is a student's NIGHTMARE come true, AVOID at any cost! F minus!!!!!!!
I can describe George Cahen in one word: uncompassionate.
If he's not the meanest professor in the world, he's certainly the meanest at UVA. I asked for help once and he basically told me I was too stupid to be in school. I left crying, still not understanding the how to do the lab...
very unfair on grading I shouldve received A+ but got only A
Professor Kingston is not the best teacher, his office hours are a joke. He is not helpful at all. If you want to learn. Do NOT take this class you will regret it. Professor Kingston does not try to teach, expects you to know already.
Nice enough guy, and to his credit he tried to make the subject as interesting as possible. He is a little quirky. His quizzes are a breeze if you've looked over the books, but everything else he is hopelessly vague with and cannot explain his assignments (esp Doc Analysis). It seemed impossible to do anything right with him.
i am a histroy major and i find him to be very hard. he is not clear at all and the tests are above what we covered in class. his quizes suck and make no sense i failed like everyone becasue he make them harder than need be. he has two large papers to write for a gen ed. if you can do not take him. i am lost and get angery at how unclear he is.
Procrastinators and non-History majors STAY AWAY. This guy has this messed up policy that if ONE thing isn't turned in...AUTOMATIC F. Yeah, one W, one F, and STILL have to take the damn class. WTF is he like the only Western Civ teacher in the school?
Oh my god, how anyone could "enjoy" his teaching style is beyond me. Lectures are the most boring two hours i've ever had the misfortune to sit through, and seem totally useless..till you take the tests. Labs and class are easy enough, but just so boring that I want to cry.
This man would mame a perfect teacher in Charlie Brown. As far as I'm concerned, he might as well have been saying "Blah, blah, blah."
do not take his class... if you want to take astronomy 124 at UVA, take another professor
Disregard all the previous statements. Worst teacher I have ever had in my life. While he means well, his is HORRIBLY UNCLEAR. He simply cannot teach. He's a nice fella but makes the simpliest concepts almost mindboggling.Dont take Dont Take Dont Take Run poor souls. Avoid this class like the plague
Class was a sh*t show. Failed me for having a test similar to another student even though I didn't cheat and we were on opposite sides of the country taking the test at the same time on Zoom. Back at it for the second year in a row. Anything you don't immediately understand is a stupid question and most students fear asking one.
Professor Roy is probably the most infamous professor in the UD Mechanical Engineering department and his class, Dynamics, sends shivers down student's spines when mentioned. Appropriately nicknamed "Die-namics" this class is what separates the contenders from the pretenders in Mechanical Engineering.
Really bad professor, he has no patience with his students and makes his lectures extremely confusing. My best advice would be to go to class, get whatever information you can out of lectures, and then use the TAs for help. He grades his exams extremely subjectively. Overall not a good prof, but he's a guy meche's have to go through so GL
Sophomore Spring for mechanical engineers at UD is already full of the worst professors the department has to offer. However Roy still manages to stand out as the worst Professor of all time. He is extremely disrespectful to students, most of the class accepts the fact that they will not learn anything and someone get assigned a random grade.
Only reason anyone takes him is because he is the only dynamics Prof at the school. How he has is job is beyond me. Uses his own created notation and his own created textbook to teach you important information in a way you'll never be able to use in another class again, because it is done in such a non-conventional way. Utilize Khan Academy.
Professor Roy is brilliant, but hes awful at explaining the material to students. He teaches in a very confusing way and the textbook is written by him, its impossible to understand material if his explanation doesnt make sense to you. Incredibly rude and arrogant. Will insult students if they ask "stupid questions." Heavy accent is problematic
I survived this class but I have many friends who did not. He does things his own way, a way that focuses less on concepts and more on formulae and notation. Be prepared to learn the course from the textbook because he can barely teach either. Smart guy though
The only reason I did well in this course is past experience in physics and materials given to me by others. It quickly becomes apparent that he cannot teach, his accent is occasionally problematic, his textbook is inadequate at best, his writing is often difficult to piece together, he is astonishingly arrogant, and his grading is inconsistent.
He's bad at explaining, has his own textbook so you can't go to outside sources, and curves are random and not very large.
Roy is an astoundingly smart man, therefore he explains concepts very vaguely while writing out proofs and constantly saying it's simple, when it seems like rocket science. Tests are unpredictable and the textbook will be absolutely essential to passing. Do not be intimidated by the first couple chapter's problems, study hard, and look for a curve.
Professor Roy may be an intelligent man, but he cannot teach clearly whatsoever. First, his accent and handwriting arent understandable. Second, he gets angry at students when asking questions. Third, he makes you get HIS own textbook( other reseources dont help). Homeworks are nearly impossible without the help from TA's. Always "agree" with him.
Professor Roy is extremely smart, but honestly he can't really teach. I learned almost all of the information through the TAs and not many other people could help because Roy uses his own method to teach the class, which also means that the book and any other outside sources are useless. I would suggest taking this class with someone else.
Worst tweacher of my
HorribleHorrible Devil Teacher. Tests Are too difficult and completely differnt from HW.
very arogant and condescending. Treats class as if its him versus his students. Bad people skills
He treats us high school students. He makes dynamics very complicating. Unfriendly, arrogant. Hard to understand his accent.
Bad teacher. Still saying everything is simple when this is advanced calculus.
Difficult to understand (accent) and very arrogant (French). I learned nothing.
Very Unfriendly.I haven't learned anything the whole semester.Poor teaching skil
Very passionate about what he does, but it terrible at conveying it. His office hours are helpful, though.
Dreadful. That is all. He talks into the board, and his accent makes him completely incomprehensible. Don't waste your time...this class is lethal.
i never went to class, never read, and didn't study for tests and i got a C. i'm not complaining. so even with the slightest bit of work you can do better than me!
Thuan really knows his stuff and he writes everything on the board. Don't buy the book, it's a waste of $125 since you never use it. The tests were a bit difficult, he takes seemingly easy material and makes it difficult with critical thinking questions. I don't recommend this class...it's not easy.
ok..I WILL BE HONEST WITH YOU!! Find another class. Truly, you can miss out on this one. You HAVE to go to class because he doesnt follow the book at all! Be prepared to work MATH problems because he turns even the simplest thing into a complicated math problem. You can barely understand him and he's very boring on top of it all. SKIP IT!!
Seems like a very nice, knowledgeable professor. However, he does have a tendency to be boring, granted his subject matter isnt the most interesting. You can get lost in his accent if you dont pay close attention. If you want to take this class just be prepared to listen to close detail.
He was awful...I don't know how else to say it. The class was torture, his tests were torture. It is not an easy A...take it with Tolbert if that's what you're looking for.
baaaad, i would be more angry with him if the material weren't so easy. Steps to success: register for the class, don't attend lectures, absorb the textbook the day before the test, and you'll get an A. Or at least a B+
the main challenge in this class is staying awake! understanding what he says is impossible, and he is extremely boring. on a good note, you don't need to buy the book because his tests come directly from notes. dont take his class unless you must!!!!!!
extremely boring, lectures all class, hard to understand
I was one of the people actually attending lectures and trying to learn the material and he made me feel like an idiot when I asked him a simple question.
He is probably the worst teacher I have ever had. It's not that the subject is boring, or that he can't speak english well, it's the fact that he can not teach.
So boring! I mean, I read the book and it was more interesting! It takes him 10 years to describe how something happens which he could describe in five minutes! I fall asleep every day!
boo
The worst professor I've ever had in my life. His lectures are horrible and the book is even worse. The weekly homework sets take 20+ hours, are graded for correctness, and count for 90% of your grade. I don't know where you're suppose to learn how to solve the problems in the hw b/c he doesn't teach it and the book is useless.
take his class only if you are interested in not learning anything. I showed up to every class, read the book, and went to every TA session, and I know about as much as you should know through a week of this course. He is by far the worst professor/teacher I have ever had in my life
not really though, his homeworks just suck. A LOT
worst ever
I would not take a class with this professor again. He was consistently VERY rude with me and other students in my class, and would never answer any questions. He never posted or live-streamed a single lecture, and didn't show up at office hours. He grades harshly and will not correct any mistakes in a grade for any assignment.
nice guy & the class really isnt that hard, but he isnt that good of a teacher either. using the tutor helps & if you argue about points on the test he will give them back to you. never reads or responds to emails & attendance is kind of a joke, if someone just tells hime that youre sick then its excused.you have to turn in hw but he never reads it
Prof. Haj will pick his favorite within two class periods. Those people will have the easiest time in his class. Haj assigns hwk once a week, he says he wont accept late work but he does. You can argue back points on tests and quizzes. Never at his office hours or respond to emails. Left during our final and had his daughter watch us.
This applies to all Freshmen who get assigned it by the administration, TRANSFER OUT. Hard to understand, stubborn, belligerent, unavailable nearly 24/7, does not use blackboard, does not send emails, no written schedule of HW assignments. No study guides, Barely remembers your name. Outrageous tests, 0 explaination of concepts. Just get out
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!! Tests are rediculous, definitions must be word for word. He makes you do all test problems by hand. Has a thick accent that is at times hard to understand. Cannot teach math well at all. Goes off on random tangents that make no sense. Thinks he is funny. If you don't have your book or calculator he makes you go get it.
AWFUL. Could never understand him, impossible tests, and no respect for students. He couldnt explain anything and would pick out certain students to harass. If you want to fail and be tourtured for the next 4 months take this class.
Professor Blake is a very unorganized professor. He lost all of my papers and tried to say I never completed the work. I had a straight A in his class and had to go to the Dean of the English department to complain and receive my rightful grade. I would not recommend him to anyone, unless you like professors who lose your work. :(
If you take this class make sure and do well on the first test because that will be your grade for the semester. Prof. Blake is a nice man, boring, and doesn't grade well, but nontheless nice.
The man was never wrong even when he is wrong.
The guy is a right-wing nutbag that will rip you a new one if you disagree with him politically in any way. I tried to talk to him about the Iraq war, and he went nuts on me and tried to get me kicked out of his class. What a freaking jerk.
Only teaches so he can coach the speech team. Half the time he didn't show for class and the other half, he was useless. If have questions about assignments, don't even bother asking him - he's no help. Then he grades your stuff down.
He is RUDE and SUCH A HARD CLASS. Literally every time I went to office hours he was obnoxious and ended up making me more confused. Thank goodness I did okay in the class, but it took a LOT of work. Good luck COMI majors.
AWFUL. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU DONT HAVE TO. I HAD TO PASS/FAIL AND CHANGE MY MAJOR!!! DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!!!
This was the hardest class I've taken at UD so far. The exams are unnecessarily HARD. 9/10 I don't know what is going on during the class. Just when I thought I was gonna do good he made the final exam different than the exams he normally gives and it was even HARDER than the other ones. if you skip class you absolutely will NOT pass. read book.
He is the worst teacher Ive ever had. Not only does he not know how to teach or explain anything, he is downright rude. Whenever anyone has a question, he treats them like theyre stupid and doesnt answer well. He is old and only still here because of tenure. I feel bad for anyone who has to sit through one of his classes.
Courtright either doesn't explain what something is or he explains it in the most difficult way possible. Reading the textbook is a must as a lot of the exam questions come out of there. He spends like 95% of class going over equations that you literally never use and only need to recognize on the exam.
This is THE worst class I've ever had to take. Courtright is a nice guy, but you can tell that he's way to smart for his own good and overcomplicates the simplest things. DO THE READINGS, DO THE JMP ASSIGNMENTS (they're easy and count as a test grade if you do all of them), AND TAKE OVER WINTER SESSION!! thats the best advice i can give. good luck.
Dear COMMI Majors, may the odds be ever in your favor. Courtright is confusing, irate, and insufferable. The man makes even the most simple topics impossible to understand. It's like taking a foreign language course; you're always translating what he say into what YOU understand. You know the material; he wants you to think you don't. Best of luck!
If you're not taking this as a requirement..AVOID. Horrible class, incredibly confusing and unclear. Courtright is a nice man - but not an ideal professor. He talks in circles, and his tests are impossible. He wrote the textbook so if you dont understand something in class, good luck because its just as unclear in the book. Worst class I've taken.
This guy is a clown. He gives you a review sheet and then none of that stuff is on the test. Useless
Class was terrible. I studied, read the book and everything. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HIM. I understand it is required if you are a COMM major, but do whatever you can to avoid getting him as a professor.
Why the hell does he have a good rating? This guys boring as whale sh!t and suicide is a better alternative to taking his tests!!!
He is absolutly horrible, watch out, do NOT take course, and I received a C
Class is boring, and I learned nothing helpful. It was easy though.
Boring teacher, monotone, tests impossible, screwed me out of getting comm mjr
he is AWFUL, DO NOT TAKE HIM
Got a smoke? COUGH COUGH COUGH...
Extremely unorganized, doesn't know how to answer his own questions from the quizzes or the homework. refuses to make the final easier (its cumulative of 25 chapters that he barely teaches). Don't take him if you can avoid it. He believes that his class should know all of the concepts and should be tested on everything in the book in one semester.
This professor was easily the worst professor I've had at GW. He was completely unorganized and did not have any set plan for the semester, which left us lost and confused as to what we were going to be doing each week. He would release quizzes at 3 am and give us 24 hours to do it. TAKE AS A LAST RESORT. HORRIBLE CLASS!!
Grading unclear, deadlines aren't ever really aligned with the syllabus, and explanations on improving your firm are unclear at times. I can tell he cares for his students and means well, but he is disorganized in his management of the course, and I would only take him if there are no other options.
absolutely useless teacher. you wont learn a thing from him. you just have to rely on the textbook and a random 8 page paper that you have to write. do not take him, he doesnt know how to teach and is useless
Professor Wilson is so unorganized it actually begins to take a toll on your grade. It took him nearly 4 months to grade assignments so getting feedback on how to improve in the course is completely up to the student. His explanations often leave students more confused and he doesn't skip to the syllabus. He adapted fine to online learning.
If you want to learn about corporate finance, DO NOT take him. All he talks about in class is the history of finance in general, but he expects us to know how to do numerical questions. We also had to write a 2,000-word essay for this class. His quizzes are very hard, and the homework questions do not help you prepare for it.
Okay so Wilson is really a nice guy and cares about what he's teaching but he's not clear with grades and uses a curve so broken that 93s and 94s become B pluses. He's also very bad about responding to emails and the lectures are incredibly boring and dry. Also his quizzes are beyond beyond beyond arbitrary and unless you memorize readings no luck.
Don't take him. He taught meaningless stuffs but the test is hard. Again, he was one of the worst teacher in my life.
If you like to learn things on your own, then this is the class for you. While attendence is mandatory (sign in sheet each class), Professor Wilson is a useless professor and communicator. Study old quizzes for exams because they are nearly identical, but don't expect attending lecture to help you prepare.
His lectures are messy. If you can cope with that, you will be fine.
This professor is such an ineffective teacher I literally couldn't fill out the teacher evaluation form at the end of the semester. He doesn't hand back work, is ALWAYS late for class, and does not teach you MOST the material you are tested on (he honestly expects you to already know it, for some odd reason). Good luck.
The worst professor/class I've ever had. I learned slightly less than nothing. We handed in our first paper in the beginning of Feb and I literally never got it back, and I got my grade on the paper alone at least a week after the final. I never got my grade on my final exam and he was at least three weeks late posting our final course grades.
Do not take this class at any cost. I'm a finance major and i had to take but if you can avoid him do it or he will blow your GPA. He is unclear, random,very unorganized and not helplful at all. The only thing you will get out from his class is the feeling that you wasted your time an money. AVOID HIM AT ALL COST!!!!
sucked
if u accedentely registered for his class, i suggest RUN FOR UR LIFE! not a good intro to finance, lecture is totally UNORGANIZED, as a matter of fact the whole class is. his exams material is from another course and to make matters worse, the book he recommeneds has very little to do with the actucal course content!
He is really nice but his teaching is terrible. Besides, he doesn't understand what students have to do. He assigned homeworks in the final period. Very disorganized. Unfortunately, GW has him teach all sort of classes which is a shame. Because nobody is going to get much out of him.
RUN AWAY FOR YOUR LIFE !!!!!
He loves JP Morgan, but he sucks at teaching this course. This is a sad intro to the finance major. Look for other professors at any cost!
what a mess - avoid at all costs
This man got his education from a top notch university, but his teaching style is bringing down our university. Why can't he go back where he came from?
A James Earl Jones look alike, sadly Verizon has the edge on customer service
I only had him for my first year seminar and it made me want to avoid his classes. He had to start drawing sticks because no one wanted to answer and be belittled in front of the class. I dreaded his class there was so much reading and papers on top of my other classes for a seminar. The lectures had absolutely nothing to do with the assignments.
Dr. DeYoung is very knowledgeable and skilled in his field, however, his "field" should not include teaching. He calls on students throughout each class and publicly belittles them for not knowing answers. Homework is extremely unclear and don't even think about asking any questions unless you wanna be made fun of. Avoid at all costs.
Dr. DeYoung, although his intentions may be good he comes off as extremely arrogant! This class was made much harder than what it had to be. He is extremely rude, and verbally insults students. I would not take this class again by this professor, his heart isn't in it. He is very cold, and hard to reach out to. His lectures are hard to understand.
Condescending, Egotistical, Self-absorbed, Unclear. He constantly disrespects and makes fun of his students, prefers women to men, objectifies students who are not physics majors, abhors questions, and he writes tests the do not represent even 20% of the material learnt. He deliberately teaches theories and history tests on practical knowledge.
He is not willing to help, and is very subjective towards each student and is less willing to help if one student is the only student with a specific question.
Very unclear during class and compared to talking to others students in general physics, his class was way harder than it should have been
The experience with Deyoung completely depends upon whether or not he likes you. To some students, he can be helpful outside of class, while to others he can just make blatant attempts to make you look stupid and get lost in that. The latter was my case, and I went from liking physics to despising him and the subject. Don't get on his bad side!
will put the most important parts of assignments in the fine print and fail you for missing the tiniest detail. rude and very hard grader and hard to talk to.
Professor Bartz is probably the worst professor to have for an online class. I am convinced she just marks you down on assignments so you don't get 100. I compared my assignment to a class member and her feedback was the same exact as the feedback she had given me. If you are not going into AT do not take this professor.
She was absolutely horrible! Make sure to memorize APA or else you will not do well on abstracts. Although passionate about Athletic Training she should not be teaching.
Lower level (100-200) then she is a good prof-easy grader. BUT, if you are looking to take her for any upper level courses DON"T AVOID IF POSSIBLE!!!! Upper level course work seems to be above her teaching level and grading and expectations become unrealistic. Assignment expectations unclear and grading is very SUBJECTIVE.
sucks. unhelpful. picky.
She is an awful teacher! No clue! Do not take her for lab!
Rude, know-it-all. Does not budge.It's all her way or no way. Likes to give 0's
She belongs in the training room, not the classroom. Be prepared to kiss a**
I hated this class! He was basically no help to me, and I barely squeaked by. I did very well in the lab, so it's not that I'm entirely incompetent either.
He was aweful. He told our class on the first day he didn't care if we passed or failed and not to expect him to help much outside of class. He was very rude and didn't teach much in class.
he is terrible and he covers nothing on his tests in class
This guy gives Geography a bad name. Rudest professor I have ever had the misfortune to meet.
the previous comments say it all
Priorities are not on teaching or students.Teaching style is to behave as if he is put out for having to do his job- teach. When students ask questions concerning something he did not explain well, he belittles them.Also, don't bother trying to find this guy outside of class, he's never on campus.Too bad no one else teaches this class. Avoid
If you do poorly on tests, do not take him. He is sort of jerky with the students. Try to get another professor for this class if your able.
Awful
no comment please
Basically if you want to work your ass off for nothing take this class. He is so hard to understand and his tests are impossible. Avoid taking this class at all costs
no one in the geology dept takes classes from him because he is an ass. we have been here for years and he never even says hello
He was not very nice. He was very rude to me and said hurtful things about me in front of the entire class. His tests were not valid. Classes were very boring.
he makes you think the class is easier than it really is. even though the tests are all open book and there are no finals, u still need to study because they are impossible. classes are extremely boring. he's rude too
His class may sound easy, but it's not. He is not a very good professor. He is very rude and a very harsh grader. His tests are impossible, even though they are open book.
Not helpful
Man this man is weird, he is boring and he talks for ever, you would be better off not getting him
Worst Teacher Ive ever had!
cant understand him with his accent, he is very boring, open book tests are hard (dont let him fool you), class appears easy the first week of school..watch out, has a temper.
DONT TAKE THIS HIM. EVEN after go visit his office he still wont help me out very much. He got made me for choosing to not get one of my test read which clearly my choose. I try to take different proffesor if u can
The most hateful teacher ever. Wishes students to do poorly. If you are a good student, avoid this professor NO MATTER WHAT.
An extremely dry, monotonous lecturer with a nasty temper
Dr. Gomez, you have to stop doing ratings on yourself.
This guy is too easy. He inflates grades to keep us students happy. Easy class that will help your GPA, take this teacher!
This class is terrible. You take constant notes and they go too fast to write!! He drives me NUTS!!! He is so rude and arrogant and wears the same clothes everyday. The tests were open book but they weren't easy. READ and do the questions he hands ou
aughh...were do I begin. A total bore as a person and as a teacher. Never connected with any of us (students) over the course of 16 weeks.
over the head
He is extremely arrogant. Did not follow his syllabus grading. He seemed like he wanted us to write like you would for an academic journal. Graded writting style rather than content. The worst prof I have ever had.
Has not made a single contribution to teaching since I have been a geography major. His department even thinks that he is a loser.
He is way over everyone's head and I learned absolutely nothing from his class!
Expects much from teaching so little. He thinks he is smart, acts condescending.
Not much help at all
He is very insulting
There is no sense to showing up to the class as long as she keeps giving the review sheets. She grades like a monster. You miss a date by 1 year, or have one little piece of information missing that will cost you 8, she could be a much nicer grader. Also assigns more work than other us hist 206 professors.
worst prof ever. She is biased and uncooperative
Terrible. The class was fine until she lost my paper and tried to screw me out of my A. Took forever to answer my emails and when I wrote it a 2nd time over winter break she still didn't give me the grade I deserve. She's a disgrace to the school.
more writing than an english class
Very rude to students when they reach out. Hard to pay attention. Tries to make jokes but they almost always are just rude things to say. Do not write emails to her she will interrogate you in response before answering your question.
Bobbie is an EXTREMELY hard and intense grader on weekly assignments. I consider myself a very smart student capable of applying concepts to exams however, her exams were very difficult. This has been my LEAST favorite course and professor throughout all my time at college (going on 5 years). Unrealistic expectations were set on students.
Honestly, this might be one of the worst professor I have ever had. She is such a hard grader for no reason and she needs to rethink the amount of work she is giving through out the semester. There were 3 assignments every week with heavy reading or hour long videos, SO many lectures, 2 tests and the group project is like 15 pages. Good Luck!
Not a fan of this professor. Very tough grader, anything questionable, good luck because it's likely to be marked incorrect. Her lectures included reading off of a powerpoint, without explaining anything. Gave a study guide for our exams, but it was way too vague. It's a sports economics class, but she often got things wrong with the sport side.
She is an awful professor. She never has any idea what she's talking about and the homework questions can't even be found in the book. Every week there's an incoherent assignment due on Blackboard. She is scatterbrained and does not help students understand material. The textbook is extremely hard to read and contradicts itself on every other page.
this professor is the most awful professor ever, her class is hard to go to and she gets off subject a lot. doesn't have an attendance policy until the last 4 days of class and then she takes it out of your grade. not cool! dont take her if you can avoid it!!! she's AWFUL!!!!
This woman should go teach elementary school. She's not very bright and her teaching methods are mundane.
She in no way teaches this class the way that it should be taught.
she imight be able to teach eco but def not fin
she cannot teach and is suoer annoying
Doesn't know how to teach. Talks more about her family than Econ.
david is a bad instructor took him online he takes forever to answer emails. he marks off points with no explanation. would not recommend him at all.
He was on okay professor but his grading is very hard. He also has a very monotone voice so it is hard to listen to him for a long time. Also, when trying to ask questions he would look away and pretend like he does not see your hand raised. Very confusing labs.
Probably the worst professor I've ever had the pleasure of having for a lab. This is the type of teacher that will make people HATE the subject if they never took it. Labs are incredibly frustrating, with excessive amount of work both on and off lab times, and the plethora of typos in the worksheets doesn't help either. Do yourself a favor and SKIP
Just really annoying. He doesn't know how to spell and he is the head of the department, so he creates the labs and assignments but doesnt spell anything correctly on those. He is also really boring in class and goes off topic all the time.
Terrible professor, holds us past time in lab and assigns extremely confusing material. I feel like he expects us to know the entire class before ever being taught. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASSES
Professor Thorpe knows the material extremely well but does a terrible job presenting it. He expects you to know everything before coming to class and just reads off the power point. Your entire grade depends on the final, a couple exams and a few quizzes, he doesn't offer and assignments or extra credit to help boost your grade. Get someone else.
Literally the worst professor ever. Your whole grade is based off of 4 quizzes, 3 tests, and a final exam. He does not respond to emails if you ask for help. There is no homework or extra credit to balance your grade out. And no matter how hard you study for every one of his tests, you won't get anything above a B. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PROFESSOR
This professor knows his stuff but can't seem to wrap his mind around the fact that the students haven't all already learned the material before. He expects you to know to much and if you're looking to go into pre med or nursing drop his class because your grade will be determined by 3 exams and a couple hard quizzes. Won't give out any ec or hw.
Professor Thorpe is knowledgable but I would not recommend him. You have no homework assignments to help your grade out, it is based on 4 quizzes, 3 exams, and a final. He tells you what to read but is no help, very confusing guy. If you fail the first test it's hard to get your grade back up. He also walks around and ask questions. Good luck.
Horrible, the tests have material that he hasn't taught, he gives no effort in helping students be successful
Horrible!
Terrible professor. Especially as a freshman when things are so new. He doesn't explain things well and doesn't give direction at all. Do not take him.
Thorpe is a horrible professor, i advise not to take him. He wrote the lab manual so your never right and his quizzes are extremely hard. DON'T TAKE HIM
Quite possibly the worst professor I've ever met. Her entire class is sooo unorganized. She gave us a syllabus with upcoming assignments, but she always changes the prompts of the essays. She never gives us the exact prompt for the essays and expects us to write something she'll like. Also, essays and due dates are just thrown at you...
Tone-deaf teacher. She decided to make the entire writing class about our family relationships. Unfortunately you cannot see this beforehand but if I had I wouldn't have taken the class. She canceled 1st class and didn't have a syllabus for 2 weeks. The syllabus is unclear about expectations and unorganized. Don't listen to the positive reviews.
while her class is an easy A, you don't learn anything, also she is extremely flaky and doesn't seem to grade anything--- never on time during office hours
so flaky, not sure if she grades anything at all
Disappointed in this class. I love writing and had high hopes, but unfortunately feel like I'm not being challenged. Very new-age, froofy, "just write any response to what you just read", etc. Sometimes it can be a good thing, but for the most part I wish I'd taken a diff professor. Good for if you don't really care about writing because she's nice
Nice enough professor but very boring. Taking sexuality, you would think there would be some fun/funny element to the class, but no. If you don't go to class, you won't do well. Powerpoints do not convey information well, and what he says in class is more important for the (hard) tests. If you don't take notes as he talks, don't expect to do great
He's a very sweet guy, but he is a very tough grader. If the response you give is a correct one but not what he was looking for, you will not get the points. Even if your response is researched, meaning it's not something you made up, and you have proof that the response is a valid response, it's not what he was looking for. So very close minded.
Probably the worst prof I have ever had. Gives a 54 short answer problem test in a 50 minute class. The class is Human Sexuality and all he talks about are animals. Dumb and hard class for a stupid theme!
Book waste of money. Find another class or have previous science classes.BORING
don't buy the book, it's a total waste of money.
He is the the worst prof. ever. I hate birds thanks to this man!
Professor Cole does not know how to teach. He throws information up on slides and has "lecture notes" but none of it is useful on tests. Doesn't explain clearly when asking questions, and adds random homework over weekends. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Grades weirdly too, and will say one thing in class but it's completely different on a test or on BB.
Lectures the whole class time every single class. SO BORING. Did hw for other classes in this one bc he posts the slides and only like 1/4 of the information is useful for tests. Weird grader. Took 5/10 points off movie notes that I literally copied directly from the movie??? DON'T TAKE, there are much easier gen eds offered.
He isnt ever prepared and doesnt ever seem present in lectures. If you want to struggle with a class dont take this class. He assigns last last last minute assignments, says one thing in class and a complete opposite on BB but forgets to mention it in class. I do not recommend taking his class.
Terrible class. Avoid at all costs.Very knowledgeable, but this class is WAY too much work and the tests are WAY too difficult for an introductory class. He doesn't give you a study guide, and his wife is at every class period. She is very rude and useless. Avoid this class
He is a terrible professor. He is very knowledgeable in his field, but he can't relate it to students and his wife is at every class period and she is not useful at all.
Terrible. Avoid at all costs. He's useless.
He is possibly the worst teacher at GV. I never understand what is going on. His wife is horribly annoying and I only learn when she is not there. The class material is actually interesting after you spend four hours reading it yourself because you don't learn in class. Nice person but horrible teacher. Take geology just not with him.
I have been at this school for almost 4 years now and have never had a professor as terrible as this. He never answers any questions, mumbles over his words and makes sure that the class is very boring. His tests are impossible and he is no help. If you get stuck with him I recommend dropping the class and taking it next semester with someone else
HORRIBLE CLASS!!! Do not take it. I am not kidding when I say that more than half the class is sleeping in their seats during his lectures. Nothing he says applies to his exams or quizes. Prof. Cole is a very nice man, but a horrible teacher. He can not communicate very well. I eventually gave up in the class. The exams are IMPOSSIBLE!!!!!!
Kevin has good intentions, but essentially fails at teaching. His class is incredibly boring and is impossible to pay attention in. Thank God he puts the notes on BlackBoard. Susan, his wife and assistant, is mousy. I found her fun to talk to and she always was helping me out any way she could. I wouldn't suggest taking this class/prof.
Probably smart, but unable to communicate. Thinks everyone cares about rocks.
I would have to agree entirely with the last comment. He is genuinely a nice guy but expects you to be able to identify every rock on the planet, and thinks that you must know everything he does. In lab, he and the TA made me feel like I must be the most unintelligent person alive. Chert rocks...
willie wonka needs to get a new wardrobe. no doubt this man is a genius, however, he's so smart his people skills lack. homework isn't difficult, tests are open book/note, be prepared to name every single rock to ever grace earth with it's presence. change profs!!!
He's been teaching this subject WAY too long because he expects you to know every last detail and know what rocks and minearls you are looking at without referencing the book (cuz we know the names of every mineral and rock!) just because he can. It's easy for him so it must be easy for you too! :(
hes a funny guy,BUT he does NOT have good teaching skills, very disorganized lectures, dont even take notes cuz he jumps around on the board so much. He was a better Lab prof then lecture, i would NOT recommend him as your Lecture prof.
worst professor ever
The worst professor Grand Valley has ever hired! The sad part is he's the head of the department! Never explains a thing, yet expects you to understand some really complicated things! Never, I repeat NEVER take this guy!
Very important mineral my foot! DROP HIM QUICK FOLKS! He rambles on and on about nothing and actually thinks that people are listening to him. Most of my clasemates didn't even show up for class, just the labs and test days. He is absolutely the worst!
It was the WORST class I have ever taken. He talks about nothing and the test are so hard. There is a ton of homework and he is not helpful at all. Lectures about his trips and not text.
never showed up for scheduled appointments, never available during office hours
nothing he teaches has any importance to class, tests are impossible
run!, voice sounds like Ben Stein, Buehler, Buehler. Ferris Buehler
DON'T TAKE IT!!!
I had no idea what he was talking about in class. Tests don't pertain to lectur
Stay away! His tests are immposible! Never get an A!
Worst prof ever had!! Boring class. Test impossible. AVOID!!!!!!!!!
aweful.boring.too many slides. lectures cover nothing. tests impossible.
Worst teacher ever had. Avoid!!! Never makes any sense .lectures are miserable!!
He is the worst Professor that I have ever had! His test are impossible!
Its a snore class, bring a good book to read to the lectures.
He teaches a 100 class bad!! his lectures are so boring and pointless
pointless lectures - assignments hard and tests (based on assn.) are impossible
Lectures are pointless, tests are imposible, very strange guy, try to avoid
If you know anything about acting, take this class with a different professor. Jamie is unclear, difficult to work with and plays favorites. It's very frustrating. If you're looking for an easy A, this is it. Write some silly poems and show up to class on rehearsals days, which are not every day. Just be prepared to rehearse with a bit of a jerk.
This teacher is horrible. She's the worst teacher I've ever had. She gives you assignments and doesn't explain what she wants you to do. Her grading scale sucks and half the time she plays favorites in class. Overall this teachers is not good and for those who aren't EDU majors stay AWAY from her!!
Her assignment criteria was quite unclear. Grading was overly subjective. Not enough objective assignments to make up for the subjective assignments. Did nothing to help us prepare for the CI certification test. But she is nice.
she loves her educational rhetoric too much to see/think clearly...don't think outside of the box and you'll be fine.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. I am a good student, 3.9 GPA, and she made this class impossible. Quizzes are impossible. She grades ridiculously hard on the huge group project. Didn't let me make up a quiz because I was sick (even had a doctors note). SO much work outside of class, should be an SWS course. Course is only worth 200 points so good luck.
Terrible Prof. Hard to understand. Rambles on for the whole class period about nothing. Easy grade though. Just some quizzes (no reading neccessary) and a big project. It sucked to take this class b/c it was for a theme and I had absolutely no interest. Those with interest still hated the class. Every complained.
Worst teacher I ever had in GVSU. She doesn't like to work at all!
Stay away from her at all costs. She is the worst teacher that GVSU has to offer. She is hard to understand, inconsiderate and makes your life awful. She is so bad she has to give major points on tests so students will pass. Run as fast as you can.
She hardly actually taught any of the material and the book was impossible to read. When she did lecture it wasnt on the stuff we needed to know.
The accent is very distracting. Ask her to write things on the board so you're not sitting there wondering what the heck she's saying. Wears interesting clothes. Read and use online study guides, you'll get an A.
Keep everything, all your notes, all stupid maps, print off the powerpoint lectures. Use it all on test and you'll get an A..otherwise you'll fail the test.
Hate her. Can't understand anything she says. Not helpful at all.
She was very hard to understand and she wasn't at all clear in her expectations.
AWFUL, AWFUL instructor, but tests are easy & she likes it when no one shows up
Speak English!
i don't think she knows what school she's at or what country she's in.
She is very difficult to understanding not a good teacher.
She is very hard to understand, not a good professor at all
Useless class you have to take, fake research project you have to do, and she will always give complaint that you didn't do things rights.. There is 6 quizs, and she said we will grade only for the 5 quiz that we got the highest point, but she will give you 0/20 for the one of the quiz and said she deducted one. Wrong, and you can do anything
She is so obsessed with being right that it detracts from her ability to teach. The whole year you will work on a project for a company in GR. Even if the company thinks your group did an exceptional job, you will still get marked down heavily for things she doesn't agree with. I would not take her class if you have any other option.
Worst professor I have had at GVSU. She belittles students for asking questions and tells you to figure it out for yourself. When submitting papers get ready to be reamed on as she shreds your work every submission even if it is an B+ or A- paper, after reading her comments you will feel as if you completely failed. Guidelines are always unclear.
In the first two weeks, she seems nice and then she gets real mean. She comes off extremely rude when grading papers and memos. She wants them a certain way but gives very very broad instructions. If you liked getting yelled at, going over your wrongs for the first hour of class, and not learning anything, then this is the class for you!
Im by no means struggling grade wise in the class, but I've never had a teacher who makes attending class this dreadful. She expects everyone of her students to remember literally everything she says, and if you forget anything you will be shamed in front the class. Have two long group assignments, a quiz, and multiple articles to read each week.
Extremely specific criteria for assignments that she changes constantly, often exactly the opposite. Leaves many students confused at their grade dropping after we did exactly what she said to do. Likes to ask questions in class and then berate students for guessing, has such a specific answer in her head at all times that nobody knows.
Very strict attendance policy- even if you're excused 15% will be taken off any assignment due the night before (even online). Outdated lessons, most cases are from 90s or early 2000s and the focus of the class is on memos (up to ten pages). There are several 5 point assignments that take 2 hours to complete. Grading is subjective.
one of the worst profs ive had at GVSU. PLEASE DO NOT MAKE MY MISTAKE AND TAKE HER. FOR ANY CLASS. she is an insanely hard grader and bombs you even when you do exactly what she wants. shes rude and insulting in her grading notes. rude in class and just a really unpleasant person to be around. youre never right. youre never correct. shes the worst.
I thought the capstone would be a nice way to wrap up college. I was very wrong, she gives you some form of homework after each class. Grades very tough and then tells everyone they won't be prepared for work after college. She needs a major attitude adjustment and will call on you when you doze off to her boring lectures. Throw your semester away
I've never taken a more difficult class. She expects way too much, and she can be fairly mean, so don't mess up.
She is one of the worst, aggressive teachers I have had at GVSU. I would do anything to never see her again.
Worst teacher I've had at the university. She does nothing but play mind games with students, unwilling to help and is very abrasive. She will make you feel stupid when asking a question, but get upset when you stop asking them. The first teacher I ever felt like writing to the dean about. Stay away! 1 positive guest speakers are good.
Dont take this professor.
Completely disorganized, schedules speakers that have nothing to do with class in order to mask the fact that she has no lesson plan. A ton of reading, relentless expectations of students. And if you don't know the answer when she calls on you in class, she ridicules you in front of everyone. Useless class, useless prof. Avoid if possible.
She is very biased against cultures other than hers, which is ironical for a professor emphasizing international business???????????
i took this class with her last year, I thought I was the only one feeling the "bias" against other culture..but it is certainly true. She seems to have traveled places, but her thinking fits into 2x2 box.She is not fair.don't take her.whatever.
Uggggh! RUN!, do not walk away!!
Rude/academic not practical. Not a very nice person. BAD teacher.
Acts rude to individuals, but fakey nice to groups. A BAD woman and teacher!
SHOULD NOT BE TEACHING!!
No! No! No!
Moody! Not helpful
A poor educator, perhaps the worst!
Does NOT belong in education.
Might be teaching business, but no clue about it in the "real" world.
unstable--Belongs at McDonalds!!
unclear has her favorites, same things over and over again
poor excuse for a college instructor
WORST EVER
Grades very unfairly. Favors students. Way too much homework.
She's a horrible woman.
Not much of an educator, which is unfortunate considering how much she clearly knows about the subject. Devries is more or less, "Memorize what I know, which is what I'm telling you." Take at your own risk.
I had to teach myself everything. Not at all clear on the topic and gave way to much homework for what was necessary to comprehend the material. Rarely used the 200$ book and tried to teach us things that were not needed to pass that semester and did not teach us what we needed to help us in the future. AVOID if at all possible.
She messed up my GPA....I aske her to go over the grades with me and she told me what was on my transcript was final.
Bitingly critical one-on-one. Takes Music Appreciation way too seriously for a basic gen-ed course. Thinks she's the hottest thing since sliced bread. Avoid her if you can: there are other teachers who do a much better job with the curriculum.
Way too hard for a gen ed. I took music for 3 years in high school and have a 3.3 at Grand Valley. I got a C in her impossible class. It requires way to much time. And she is a serious Gnar
Terrible, horrible woman...condesending, rude, boring, the material is pointless unless you are a music major, just history. Long, boring classes, long boring tests, and she takes attendance. I dreaded going to her class and eventually dropped it.
hard to follow, doesn't really prepare well for tests
WAY to advanced for an intro course. DO NOT take her. You will FAIL
She should NOT teach an intro, even experts would be confused.
Take her for this course if you like to see big fat F's on your transcript!!
YOU WILL FAIL!!!!!!
10 yrs of music but got a C she's too advanced for intro courses doesnt explain
talked about herseld way to much...it seemed as if that was the whole class some days. her, her, her.
Provides no real instruction for papers, makes her opinions of individual students painfully clear. Teaching style is bland and dry. If you have a sense of humor, you're gonna have a bad time.
You have to do A TON of reading from multiple different books. She goes over the reading by talking about it so take notes on what she says. I never read and just listened to her and I did fine. There is quizzes every friday. She is not the nicest, she can make you feel stupid at times in class.
She expected us to have a bunch of background information on greek and roman mythology for a 101 class. If you didn't know anything prior to that you were pretty much screwed. If you LOVE greek/roman mythology then take her coarse, she'd love to have you. If you aren't intrested, save your gen ed credits for an easier class.
A ton of reading, grades really tough. Quizzes are based almost totaly on the reading, seems to expects students to know everything, blames poor performance in class on the students, unrealistically high expectaions
the class was pretty easy for the most part. she does have a very annoying stutter and her lectures are pointless, but she has no attendance policy, so don't go
Not a very good teacher. She struggled teaching and was always stuttering when she was giving a speach. Her lectures did not cover what would be on the test nor did she explain what any of the myths meant. I do not recommend this teacher to anyone. Stay Away!!!!!
The "rater" before me basically hit my opinion on the nose. Granted, she's a nice woman, she doesn't go out of her way to be mean or anything, but she isn't helpful at all. Maybe she thinks she's helping, but most times she leaves you more confused than what you were to begin with. She's very indecisive about her expectations on assignments.
If possible, take the class with a different prof. The class itself has a lot of potential, but this prof completely ruined mythology for me. She isn't helpful AT ALL. Assignments are VERY vague, you never know what she's expecting until you get it handed back. She wastes class time on tangents. OBVIOUSLY plays favorites.
This has got to be one of the worst teachers I have ever had. Without a doubt avoid her classes. She is boring, asburdly hard, and generally a bad lecturer. Avoid at all costs!
Chooses Favorites Easy Grader
she was rude and domineering to those whom she didn't like.
Lots of busy work, like homework modules, mini projects, and presentations, but he is a very easy grader and I received 100% on nearly every assignment. Homework modules are on myMISlab. Presentations are in groups. Tests were open book. Lectures were EXTREMELY dull and boring, but attendance is not mandatory.
The test were too hard, everyone I know of got a 60% or worse but still did great overall. I couldn't listen to him after the first week of class. He's so worthless.
Absolutely worthless at teaching. Literally learned everything on my own. Asked for help from him once, he only messed up my project and hurt more than helped. Can't even take attendance on his own and doesn't even know how to use the programs this class is over.
Instructor is worthless beyond compare. Lectures the content by waving his hand and mumbling "and such" every other sentence. Mandatory class is the only reason to show up, despite him making efforts to end the class as soon as is humanly possible. Asking for elaboration results in more mumbled incoherence. Frequently can't even hear the guy talk.
Don't even bother taking this professor! Poor teaching skills & yet confusing!
Very hard to understand what he wants out of his assignments. Does not answer questions with clarity. Seems as confused as the students.I do NOT recommend this teacher!
Does not know anything about the subject. Has to consult his notebook to answer what should be a simple question on java. The structure of the curriculum is not conducive to learning a programming language, on top of the fact that he can't teach leaves you lost in the world of java. I have not learned a single thing from this class.
The good thing about this guys class is you really don't need to show up. Follows class agenda, and he grades very easy on presentations. Dives too deep into the aspects of computers and lacks making this stuff easy to understand. Easy to get a B, but its very hard to get an A unless your a computer wizz. But again, you can skip class often.
Terrible. He doesn't teach. He doesn't even know what he's "teaching". Gives horrible presentations and then tries to judge my presentation. What a joke. Should not be in this position. Nice guy but awful teacher. What a waste of time and money.
Horrible!! Makes you give him feedback on his teaching before the SAI and then stands infront of the class and justifies everything that we said was wrong about him before the SAI!! He is a complete ****...boring...and I learned nothing for approximately $300!!! What a waste of my money! Oh yea...and his humor sucks!....and such!
lets just say "AND SUCH"
He’s why parents eat their young-CIS program is full of non-PhD’s that haven’t worked in the real world in decades & are strictly academia like this one, go check their credentials on the website-FSU CIS motto: technology for the 80s & 90s-AVOID CIS program if at all possible-no return on investment
so boring, hardly showed up, got an A... if you can stand horrible lectures for this geek, then take his class for an easy A.
This guy is a joke. He doesn't teach you anything and all the stupid projects were worthless. I got all tens on my quizzes and did good on my final but because he never told us what he expected on the projects the class did horrible. He sucks.
clas was eassy but hes a horrid teacher
Now Warner, we can’t be blamed because you didn’t get the papers graded on time-we met the deadline date for submission-he’s better than Suhy & the dickcheese cis dept head woolen
He's a tool. He helps no one. He marks your stuff late on webCT, because he was to lazy to collect your projects on time. If u can find someone who took the class before you get buddies with them and use all their projects.
Easy teacher but does not have a clue on teaching he is out there but is a easy pass Cs still get degrees
doesnt have a clue, quizes are easy, work is easy dont take it if you dont like being bother with a unhelpful teacher.
worst ever
Do you have ESP?
he is the worst instructor I have ever had
The worst teacher I have ever had! He does'nt know anything about JAVA!
He is the worst online teacher I have ever seen.
He is horrible
He actually tells you he wont help you.
If you want to fail Statistics than take this class! He cannot teach at all!! He does not assign no extra credit or try to help a student improve their grade.
OMG! He's still teaching! I had him 20+ years ago. He has a very strong Polish accent and speaks very monotone. We used to do Prof. Weglarski immitations. VERY FUNNY! "It's in your `taxt' book." "Mr. Smith why don't you go down to K Building and get us all coffee if you're going to sleep in my class." "Take off your kap!!"
Looks like Dr. Evil and sounds like the Aflac duck. He is incredibly rude and demeaning - directs students to a poorly organized CD and basically tells them to do it themselves. As expensive as tuition is I expect a teacher to do SOMETHING other than rant and rave in an incomprehensible monotone.
OMG this guy is a royal ****. Do not take him unless you like being talked to like a child. He has no respect for people and doesn't realize that his students are adults and don't deserve to be talked to like idiots. I will be reporting him to the dean of students becuase if I pay money to learn and not to be talked to like I'm an idiot.
HORRIBLE! He is rude, mean, insulting, wont listen to or answer questions. Spends half the class telling you about how bad the government is, talking about "stupid Obama" and "Wicked witch of the west Pelosi". Getting his opinions out is more important to him then you learning economics.
WOW... He really makes things difficult for you. Yeah he lets you use your notes on the exam, but that's because his exams are so difficult. Oh, he has extra credit, but it's nearly impossible to get. It sucks because he's like the only ECON 1170 professor at Macomb basically. I hate his class.
WOW... He really makes things difficult for you. Yeah he lets you use your notes on the exam, but that's because his exams are so difficult. Oh, he has extra credit, but it's nearly impossible to get. It' def. not good because he's like the only ECON 1170 professor at Macomb basically. I hate his class.
WOW... He really makes things difficult for you. Yeah he lets you use your notes on the exam, but that's because his exams are so difficult. Oh, he has extra credit, but it's nearly impossible to get. It sucks because he's like the only ECON 1170 professor at Macomb basically. I hate his class.
WOW... He really makes things difficult for you. Yeah he lets you use your notes on the exam, but that's because his exams are so difficult. Oh, he has extra credit, but it's nearly impossible to get. It sucks because he's like the only ECON 1170 professor at Macomb basically. I hate his class.
Intelligent man, but has very poor people skills. Lacks clarity and optimism. He does let you use your notes on the exams, but it's still difficult. Liberal.
His teaching style is lacking. Not once has a got up from his chair to point something out. Everything is powerpoint and he just sends e-mails with our extra credit due dates. Have not had a single piece of homework in this class. His grading scale consists of 4 tests and his so called extra credit that is impossible to get a decent grade on.
He is the worst teacher I've ever had.
This teacher is the wost teacher i've ever had at Macomb. You can't ask questions and his tests are confusing 80 questions WITH a time limit. Most people in my class got below a C and about 3 people got a B to pass.
He is so rude. He talks to people like they are garbage and starts class when he wants to! Take Econ at South Campus! Trust me!
They really need to get rid of this guy. I'm having to take this class over agian because of a handful of points. I talked to him about it and he talked down to me & pretty much called me stupid. He wants no interaction with students he gives a disc at the begining and tells you to refure to it. He's extra credit is impossiable & he doesn't teach.
His voice-O MY GOD. 1st day he gave us all discs and said to reffer to it if we ever needed anything, so if you have question good luck finding it on the disc because he won't answer it for you. I wouldn't recommend this professor to anyone. It's waste of time and money. If you get him, make sure to transfer to another section. Good luck w/him.
HIS VOICE IS SO FREAKIN ANNOYING! HE DOSENT EXPLAIN THINGS CLEARLY EITHER.
If you want to pass this class you have to do everything above and beyond. If you ever ask him a question he just tells you to look at the syllabus which is on a CD and is hundreds of different parts. He is unclear in his explanations. If you are stuck with him do the extra credit even though it's nearly impossible to get.
He is very tough on all his students. He teaches like it's boot camp. DON'T TAKE HIS CLASS, YOU WOUNT PASS!!!!!!
Very rude teacher, can't understand a single word he says, and his jokes are the dumbest. Don't waste your time with this guy unless you want to repeat it with another professor.
One of the worst teachers ever!! Don't take him! Even if you study, his tests are unfairly difficult. Not to mention he is the rudest person you'll ever meet.
Difficult tests.
Not the strongest people skills but some of the best sleep I've gotten in months. EASY 'A'
What is this guy saying? Can anyone understand him? Very hard class when the test is based on notes, and I don't understand him.
He is the worst teacher ever he has no reason even being one
Can't say enough bad things about him. Rude, arrogant, very unfriendly.
I had this class online for 8 weeks. I didnt even make it through the first two. I was having problems with the assignments because they didnt make any sense and I had to take an F in her class because she didnt help me understand. Now I have to retake the class with somebody else.
Please pick another professor. The errors that she made in wrong assignments and incorrect tests costed our whole class hours and hours worth of work. I can not warn you strongly enough that even with great knowledge of computers you will not understand what she is looking for most weeks and will be confused the majority of the class.
Most confused I had ever been in any class.
My sister and I took the online class together. We did the same assignment together and sent it in the same way. She got 40 more points than me!! Very unorganized with severe lack of clarity in assignments.
Oh my god she is so unclear on what she wants!! the class content is pretty easy but she changes things and doesnt make her instructions very easy to understand. The class is an easy A if you can deal with no being able to always understand what the professor wants!!
Very easy, but i dont think i learned one thing!
Orgo is hard in general, but wituckis exams are near impossible. Prepare to study for the rest of time because no matter what you do her exam questions are so difficult. Way harder than examples done in class. 15 answer options to chose from. Notes are laid out extremely well and she's not a bad lecturer but exams make u fail
when asking for help, she acts like you are imposing. Long tests!
I hated hearing her lectures. She would give us a basic statement and say "go ahead and discuss this with a partner for 5 minutes". It was honestly a massive waist of time, since none of us even talked about the topic, as it was just a basic statement. She also would play Youtube videos that were probably made by a middle schooler. Terrible videos.
Very Terrible Prof. Not worth my time for a 200 level class. The class lectures are repetetive, boring, and she just reads off her notes in her mono toned voice. She expects perfect papers and you should not take her class. Worst class in all my years here at GVSU.
boo hissssss --- American Civ sucks
Shes very unclear and doesn't describe anything
Nice lady but she gave homework and never checked it- you couldn't tell if you were on track with learning. Rushed every class & quiz so had no time to think. We learned by watching videos from a different professor. I was failing when I dropped but re-took with a different professor and got a B.
One of the worst professors I've had at grand valley, she's one of those teachers who makes things more complicated than necessary. It's like she forgets that her job is to teach us, not make herself feel smart. Unclear, unorganized, and all around difficult would be perfect adjectives to describe this professor. Very frustrating DO NOT takewithher
Avoid avoid avoid. Terrible organization of blackboard, makes you stay after designated class period every time, pop up quizzes, lectures unrelated to tests, overall- bad.
DONT TAKE HER CLASS. I got a c in this class and usually an all A and B student. Her material is hard and her test are nothing like the problems we practice in class. Makes this class way harder than it needs to be, I took it again with another prof and got an A.
She walks through everything with you and gives resources. Though all of her exams do not apply to the material given.
DO NOT TAKE PROF STEPHENSON!! I got an A in my AP stats class in high school, but practically failed this class. Professor Stephenson will skip around to new topics before anyone understood previous topics. At the beginning of this class there were 30ish people, and by the end of the semester eight of us were left and nobody was passing over a 65%.
This professor has no idea about how to teach math. By attending classes I was not even sure what I was suppose to be understanding as the homework and lecture for the same lesson usually did not always match up. Overall a super confusing teacher and I would not recommend taking this class unless you want to waste your money and fail.
Nice person but bad teacher. You learn everything at home via videos then you're quizzed every week. Marks you down for tiny things, but does give a lot of EC. Asks pointless questions on quizzes like "what brand of batteries was used in this example in this video?" Lectures feel pointless and unorganized. Terrible bb organization too.
Not a fan. I am a very fast learner and usually don't need much support, but having no support unless going to office hours made this class very difficult. Most of the work was spent online watching videos (half of them were subtitled only because the voiceover was quiet) and grades came from quizzes, exams, and EC. Pointless lectures. avoid her
She is the worst professor I have ever had. Listen to the reviews and do not take her. She does not teach, you rely on videos from a different professor outside of class to teach yourself. Then, when you go to class you take a pop quiz. Her exams are impossible because she takes points off for everything, even if your final answer is correct. Run.
Prof Stephenson was very nice, but she does not know how to teach or run her class. Lectures took place outside of class on your own time and she did not grade any homework so the course was based almost all on quizzes and tests. Tests were extremely hard and she did little to help when questions were asked. DO NOT take this class unless necessary.
She was a nice person but a bad prof. She is a hard grader and does not teach in a meaningful way. She is using other prof's videos for lectures. The class ran 15-30 min over time almost daily.
One of the worst professors I have had. I specifically took her course because it was an in person course and that is the way I learn best, especially with math. However, weekly I was asked to watch 8+ videos as my lecture online by myself and then I was to be quizzed on it when I went to class. Bad at explaining. Extremely unfair. Confusing. Run.
Worst prof I have had at GV. She doesnt teach and only post videos online and then rambles about random stuff for an hour in person. She makes you have a lot of outside work and none of it was beneficial. I did not learn a thing.
She makes you do online lectures every week but also requires attendance. Gives AT LEAST 1 quiz every week. Almost everyone failed the midterm but she continued to say it was our fault and wouldnt tell us the class average. If you ever have a class with her, Im so sorry in advance.
Does not teach during class, very difficult to pick up any of the material when we have to teach ourselves, expected to be ready for quizzes each class period.
This was one of the worst professor I have ever had in my college career. You must learn the content outside of class through numerous videos. Also, you will be quizzed every week on the content you are supposed to learn by yourself. She isn't very helpful when you have questions and by asking them could cost you points. I do not recommend!!!!!!!!!
I took her thinking that others experiences were a little over exaggerated and was SO wrong. This class was the hardest course I've taken in my college career and I highly suggest finding someone new for a professor.
The worst professor I've had at GV. You basically have to teach yourself the math, she's really no help at all. I don't know how she is still employed, she should look at other job professions. DO NOT take this class with her at all costs.
Worst Professor I have ever had. Avoid taking her class if possible. I spent at least 15 hours a week on her class alone and ended up with the worst grade I have ever gotten in a course. She also gives pop quizzes with 5 minutes or less of class time left and makes Students stay after frequently.
Professor Stephenson is a very nice person, but her class is awful. Her blackboard website is not user-friendly at all. It is actually so confusing that she gives a quiz on how to navigate it instead of just making it easier to use. There are pop quizzes almost every week on material that you have to teach to yourself outside of class.
Her bb page is atrocious to navigate. All assignments given are quizzes. Videos of instruction on class outdated And of terrible quality. No makeups. Extremely harsh at grading. Ive spent weeks studying and she will still mark down the slightest errors. I put more time into this class just to get nothing for grades. Many students also did poorly.
Does not accommodate to the needs of her students. As an individual with a health condition that prohibited me from being in class during the COVID pandemic she refused to allow me to make up a quiz that was taken in-seat and was quite rude and uncaring about my condition... Would not recommend... Should not be in a teaching condition...
Absolute Horrible teacher, plays videos from 3 years ago for lecture, expects you too teach yourself. Quiz every week over content you didn't learn. Tests are very hard and doesn't give you enough time.
"Oh, well, maybe it'll be different. Maybe I'll like them." NO. NO. NO. Teaches using other ppl's YouTube vids, office hours are useless (just tells you to go rewatch videos), test questions aren't related to HW, never responds to emails timely, and told me to drop class when I needed help, among other things I can't fit. BEWARE THIS PROF
she made me cry. worst professor I've ever met. she makes fun other students and forces the other students to join. I am quite the easy going funny person and not much gets to me but taking her will be the worst decision you will ever make in college. Ive never had anything bad to say about other GVSU profs but this one is terrible.
I, along with half of the class, dropped her class within less than 3 weeks of being in it. It's a hybrid classroom so she expects you to teach yourself literally everything and know it enough for a quiz the next day. And I am not just bad at stats, I took it at a community college online and did fine and understood everything.
Stephenson is very hard to understand when teaching, she tends to rush and her familiarity with technology is not too hot. She is a very nice lady and cares about her students, but she gave a quiz every class and expected us to learn all of the material outside of class.
Basically the worst professor I've ever had. She knows statistics well but has no idea how to properly explain the concepts to students. Grades very hard and is very inconsiderate of your time. Asks for feedback but makes no effort to change her methods. If you can avoid taking this class with her, you should!
DO NOT TAKE HER FOR ANY CLASS! Randomly calls on students, gets off track, and suggests students drop her class when they ask for help. Tricky quizzes that ask questions like, in the video was it a hamburger or sandwich. Every day there was a quiz. She does offer extra credit which was a current events article worth one point, do the extra credit!
She is the worst professor I have ever had in my life. DO NOT take her class. She does not care about her students, and she SUCKS at helping you
If you know you'll need extra help in Stats, do NOT be fooled by the good reviews!!!! Prof Stephenson's teaching method was horribly confusing if you aren't a fast learner or good at math. Quizzes every class, textbook and videos from different profs, assigns hw like this is your only class. Clearly has a passion for stats but I don't recommend
Worst professor. Shows up super late to class EVERY DAY, won't let you see your grade until the very end of the semester, unorganized, unclear, tough grader. Never answers emails, randomly doesn't show up to office hours, very bad at explaining things (expects you to just know all the materials).Very confused by the good reviews. Still got an A tho
She is late to class everyday, so then she holds the class after. She teaches the bare minimum and assigns you to learn from videos and another prof who makes videos. She assigns a boat load of homework, and has a pop quiz nearly every class. She grades tests extremely hard and is super picky with your wording and answers. Also super disorganized
She is the worst professor I have ever had. Every class she was 10+ minutes late and then would hold us over 10 minutes... no respect for your time or effort! Basically uses Youtube videos to teach and has crammed half a semesters worth of material into the last two weeks of the semester. Never answers her emails and is not accessible for help.
This professor lectures almost solely off of videos on youtube. Gives a quiz almost every class period and almost always runs over class time but does not allow the class to leave. This class required A LOT of work. She is also a super tough grader especially on tests.
Do whatever you can to not have this professor. She has an extremely high bar but actually teaches very little. She expects you to learn everything through videos and is very disorganized in class. She never puts grades in the grade book so you never know what your grade is. Overall, the worst professor I have ever had.
One of the Worst professor Ive ever had. She doesnt care to help her students if you go for help and she relays on you to learn outside of class and doesnt teach.
I honestly really wanted to like Patricia as a professor but I just couldnt. She is a very very poor teacher that uses YouTube videos as a crutch to teach instead of actually teaching. Honestly one of the worst professors that Ive had.
By far the worst professor I have ever had!! Definitely do not recommend her. In class she will just list off pages to read without teaching anything and the tests are sooo hard that they are impossible to finish in the time we get. FIND A DIFFERENT TEACHER FOR STATS, DO NOT TAKE PATRICIA STEPHENSON!!!
Awful professor. Weekly quizzes where she marks off points for the dumbest things. The week before one of the two tests she doesn't even finish explaining 3 entire pages of notes and sends it out for us to write down after class, as if that constitutes explaining those pages.
Worst. Professor. Ever. Never followed through with her word. Talked too fast and assumed her students were stupid when they asked questions. Never take her!
Look at the rest these reviews. I have nothing else to add about her teaching. All are true... Plus, if you go to report her to the statistics department for her terrible teaching, her HUSBAND is the DEAN of the statistics department!!! Not only was she a terrible professor, her husband is her boss... beyond WRONG!!! Incredibly disappointed...
Unless you get on her good side early in the year she will love to take points off anywhere possible on your quizzes. Weekly quizzes, quite difficult if you haven't taken a stats class before. You must stay on top of the class work or you will quickly fall behind.
Worst Professor AVOID AT ALL COST!!!!! She consistently finds new ways to mark you down on quiz's and tests. If one part of a question is wrong she will mark it off for every use of it in that problem, so one mistake turns into 5. Tests are difficult in terms of material and she gives you only 40 min. which isn't enough time
Just look at the STATS about her on this page and make the right decision on whether you want to take stats with her or not. Hint: I wouldn't do it
Terrible prof. Expects 10+ hours of stdying for her exams. Friends from other sections have covered 3 chapters all semester - we've covered 9. Crap tons of homework. Extremely picky. Treats this INTRO stats class like a 300 or 400 level class. I will probably be taking this class again with a different prof. Bio-med major with a 3.8 GPA. Grade C-
Steer clear fellow Laker! I strongly advise you to take someone else because you my friend will HATE your life if you decide to take Mrs. Stephenson as your stats professor. She simply makes the class harder than it has to be. I won't even go into details but let me just say if this is your first time, YOU WILL STRUGGLE BIG TIME! AVOID AVOID AVOID
Stats shouldn't be hard, especially introduction stats, yet somehow she managed. She moves extremely fast and is always knocks points for the simplest of things. She regularly misses her own office hours as well. She's extremely nice, but I would not recommend her
She's a very nice lady and will work with you, but goes really fast. I'm a transfer student and it was a complete shock taking her class compared to my other ones. She DOES NOT post any grades ever so you have no idea where you stand.
DO NOT. I REPEAT, DO NOT TAKE HER. She is hands down the worst professor I've ever had. Stats 215 should be one of my easiest classes but she has made it my hardest by far. She expects you to learn so much on your own. She doesn't give you your first test back until after the drop date (purposefully, and the class av. was a 60-something). DON'T.
Professor Stephenson not only gives a quiz every day but she does not go over them, only drops one, and never posts answers online. In order to go over them you have to go to her office hours which she always cancels. You don't get anything from the mandatory lectures either because she talks a mile a minute and is no help in answer questions.
Extremely nice person, but her teaching style is horrible. She acts as if this is your only class that you are taking. She goes through everything extremely quickly and leaves you with one in class example and the rest you're expecting to learn from the online book (I hate online books).
She probably the worst professor I have had so far. She does way to fast, talks about irreverent information and she expects you to do all the work with no help. She is a horrible grader. If you use the right technique but have the wrong numbers, she will mark the whole thing wrong. DO NOT TAKE STAT 215 WITH HER!
Professor Stephenson is a very nice person and doesn't mean any harm, however, with all due respect, she is a horrible teacher. She throws pop quizzes around from left to right, doesn't teach the material and expects you to just know it when the test comes, and rushes through notes with absolutely no clarity. Avoid her class at all costs.
What an awful prof. She sounds really nice at first, and isn't really mean, but is completely out of touch with students. She gives a ton of last minute assignments, and posts a million blackboard notifications of what to do the night before. Exam has nothing to do with homework. Don't take her. Stats isn't that hard, she just really really sucks.
Expect to practically live at the Statistics Center at Mackinac and get a private tutor right away. I took the 3 hour class only on Fridays. That was the first mistake. Second mistake was choosing her as the professor. REALLY hard to follow in class, notes are unclear, crams vital information in the last minutes of class, and an insane amount of HW
Ugh. where do I begin? I had her for sta 215 and it was terrible. Like be prepared to teach yourself basically everything. she gives out lots of extra credit opportunities. she posts a million BB announcements either late the night before class or the morning of assigning new things or announcing a quiz. dont take her!!
Don't EVER take this class with this professor. She is without a doubt, the worst professor I have ever had in my life. She always shows up late to class, makes you stay late every class period, and expects you to know everything without barely even teaching it to you! Save yourself by not taking this professor. Absolutely horrible.
This prof was really terrible. She knows what she is talking about but she goes crazy fast, not covering any of the material completely. She jumps around and only spends a couple minutes talking about any one concept. She's willing to help, but plan on teaching the whole course to yourself on your own time. Very unclear, GPA KILLER. AVOID!
Definitely choose a different teacher. She gives an opportunity for 1 point extra credit a week, but doesn't explain or teach really. She has you read the section and examples in the book instead, and expects you to complete the homework. Tests are nothing like the homework at all. Expect one quiz a week. Weirdest class ever.
Easily the worst teacher Ive ever had in my entire schooling career. No structured notes, jumps around, isnt confident in her own answers when teaching(bc she really doesnt know what shes talking about)tests are redic for the time given to complete them, "loses train of thought"too often,when really shes just clueless. Very Snotty
While Prof Stephenson is a very nice lady, she is terrible at explaining stats. She does not give clear notes, explains concepts in a matter of minutes, and is always late to class. She explains the material by going through the book and pointing out what to read. Her tests are much harder than the homework. Grading is very hard.
The worst professor I have had at GVSU. Shows up to class late and then makes the class stay late. She assigns ridiculous amounts of work. Taught one chapter in five minutes once and then expected you to do a quiz. Doesn't let you know what your grade is during the semester. Only plus is she offers extra credit and notecards on tests. Stay away!!!
Horrible!!! She was late every day and made up for it by going late. She is a tough grader and very unclear of her expectations. Even if you do the homework and try to understand you are doomed to fail the class. She has a tendency to miss the day before exams and she never hands things back on time. We got stuff back during the final, DISTRACTION
She was no help. Was lazy and didn't want to answer questions in class or help much outside class. She also was VERY late passing things back and so you couldn't learn from them. She passed things back WHILE we took the FINAL exam. Not to mention it was DISTRACTING! ALSO she is the HARDEST grader for NO REASON! Don't take her She's lazy & careless.
absolute worse teacher on Earth, no lie! Random ridiculously obsurde quizzes that include nothing you have ever learned.What she talks about in class is worthless and never helps.class averages are terrile and many fail.she makes up her own grading on tests,never hands anyhting back in time.hands spss assignments that she never teaches you how 2 do
She is horrible. She is a nice person but her teaching skills suck. SPSS assignments are not explained at all. She is always late to class and then keeps talking 3-4 minutes past the end of class.STAY AWAY if you can. I couldnt and was stuck in the class for the whole semester !
The most annoying thing about her is her laugh...and she is always laughing at her own jokes! Beware of pop quizes that she doesn't give you enough time to finish! The book is used all the time and tests are hard! SPSS is not explained well either....not a good prof!
She is very unhelpful. Unless you already have a general understanding of stats, dont take her. She does not explain things in depth, and gives assignments and just expects you to figure out what to do. She is very unclear. If you are not a math person, you will not pass her class. Run!
STAY AWAY, very difficult to understand what she is talking about. Doesnt teach how to use SPSS AT ALL before dropping you into an assignment, and expecting you to know the stats and how to use a program you have never seen before. Makes you rely on getting help from classmates and not her, which is a real problem when you live off campus. avoid!
Do not take this professor unless you already know how to use SPSS because she does not explain it very well. Also when you ask a question she simply says that she already talked about that topic...its in her notes that she discussed it....and to ask another student. Avoid this professor.
Has her favorites! Class runs late EVERY SINGLE day! Has no interest in helping students understand material and makes you feel really stupid for asking questions. Crams way too much in to one lecture and isn't clear about what to understand!
This professor was absolutely AWFUL. She shoved entirely too much material down the classes throat in a semester, and didn't even make it clear which parts of the text we needed to understand. She went too fast in lecture, and always tried to get us to stay after to get the rest of the information that she left no time for in class. DON'T TAKE HER!
Didn't teach how to do SPSS assignments. I honestly went into each assignment having no idea what to do, and most the time came out still not having a clue. If she knows you don't understand something, rather than helping, she tells whoever you sit beside to help, rather than her. Don't take her!
This is one teacher that you should never take!!! She doesn't have an effective teaching style and is very unorganized. It is not hard to find yourself falling behind is this class, and don't expect any help from her. DO EVERYTHING YOURSELF, DO NOT RELY ON HER TO TEACH YOU!!!
Always late, would avoid this teacher!!
Exteremely horrible teacher. The only reason i got a b in it is because i have ap in high school, and i didn't learn a thing, half the time i had to correct her. There are only 3 tests and a couple of projects. So take it if you know math, or drop her immeadialy.
Bad way of Teaching
She is a horrible teacher! She gives 3 tests, one of them over 7 chapters! She's always late, she is unorganized and has a lot of trouble explaining things. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!! Get someone who knows what they're doing!
she always is late to class but seems to NEVER EVER let us leave on time, we get out at least 5 minuted late everyday.....and shes a horriblw professor
she is awful, don t take this class she is very nice but cant explain anything so the students understand. test are mostly definition! whats up wit that?
horrible teaching
don't do it!!!!!!!!!!!
She can't explain things, not there for office hours, and hard to understand.
Doesn't have a PhD, pretty sure she only teaches cuz her husband is Dept. Head.
Unprepared, Always Late, awful time management
This class is ridiculous for a 100 level class. Three 8 page essays throughout the semester which you are only given a week to do. The final paper was extremely overwhelming especially on finals week. Grading by TA was harsh and no rubric was provided. Do not take this class unless you are a history major and plan to attend every class taking notes
UGH ITS SO BAD DONT TAKE
He writes lecture material on the white board in cursive that is not easy to read.
He is a super nice guy but I would suggest a different prof. He does not like to give good grades. I was a 4.0 student before this class. He purposefully gives poor grades at the beginning of the semester and slowly increases them as time goes on. He tries to give the perception that you are improving. He has no slides or lesson plans, just rambles
Not a good prof, lectures are confusing, midterms and finals are very confusing and are 40% of your grade. Suggest not taking this prof, many of my friends took phi 101, and they say it was an easy class, it's the opposite of this prof teaching style. Very strict on grading.
lectures were always confusing and long rambling, his syllabus and work are unclear, and he fails you after a certain amount of absences even if you emailed him for an excuse he never checks. no structure at all, not very empathetic and he was a little sarcastic in class once. wouldn't recommend it unless you like chaos two days a week.
Professor Shang has about 6 quizzes throughout the semester and 2 big tests, midterm and a final. Both the midterm and final were 26 terms you had to remember but were only tested on 5 terms that you were told on test day and had to write paragraphs on each term. He doesn't respond to e-mails and instructions are not always clear. Big lectures.
Shang is bad
We are expected to read chapters weekly from a confusing textbook, which is fine, but in class, his lectures make no sense and have little to no relevance about important topics from the chapter. Class tried to discuss other issues (including the lecture problem) such as not a clear syllabus and he brushed off saying that's not on him.
Doesn't make any sense when he talks and pulls his lectures out of nowhere.
prof.shang is not clear at all in his lectures, the class is extremely boring and it does not do philosophy any justice, he doesnt grade consistantly. you get weekly quizzes, 3 papers and a midterm & final. if you show up for class and do good on your assignments you'll do fine, but i dont recommend him, its a drag for 3 hours on a monday
Actually considered dropping. Geling does not speak English very well, and he often pauses in the middle of sentences and goes off on something else. Never ever lets you out early of a 6-9. His lectures are pointless, but attendance is mandatory. I would not recommend him. Gives inconsistent grades without explanation.
Prof Shang was impossible to understand. His "lectures" consisted of him writing random words on the board, drawing arrows from one to another, and mumbling. He would start a sentence...trail off...laugh to himself...then switch topics. Thank the lord all the grades were based off the textbook, so a good grade isn't too hard to get. Avoid him.
Shang is a really crappy prof who doesn't understand any viewpoint other than his own. Often times, his connections between Nietzsche and Chuang-Zu are huge stretches. I would not recommend taking his late modern class back to back with the Eastern class. I wanted to kill myself every tuesday and thursday between 11:30 and 2:30
The professor I have ever had at Grand Valley. He takes attendance and takes 5% off your final grade for each day you miss, so I you miss two classes, you can't even get an A. Is very unclear about what he wants and you can hardly understand him. STAY AWAY FROM HIS CLASS!!!!
Worst class from 4 yrs of GVSU. How many ways can you say bad?
The most boring thing I have ever had to live through. I learned nothing. Exams suck, they are dumb. Horrible class, GET OUT
I COULD NOT stay awake. grade system is NOT clear. i got NOTHING from him. read.
very unorganized lectures, very boring class
You will understand this quote "your pillow needs a pillow" by the end of class
I have never heard anyone babble about nothing so much. I feel I am now dumber
Very test heavy and this class sucks. Do not take it for a GE. The class is boring and he does not put your grade into canvas so you can't even see what grade you got until the end of the semester. Class is very hard because the study guides are not helpful.
Do not take this class for a GE credit, harder than every business class I've ever taken. Grades on 3 tests, answers must be perfect recited word for word from his lecture to even get a half decent grade. Class is super boring and almost mandatory just to get a C. Do not take this class
This teacher was completely condesending. He speaks in a way that doesn't seem to teach much. He tries to be funny and approach students in a hip manner but doesn't come across as very professional. If I had the choice, I wouldn't take his class again.
AHAHAHA. Wow. Terrible class, but fulfilled my Gen Ed. Her voice is so annoying. You have to goto lectures because she counts it as your grade. Bring iPod - Easy A/B
WORST CLASS! WASTE OF TIME! VERY hard to understand, tangents! its a waste of time but GO TO CLASS! She talks crap about you if you dont! Dont need to read, project due dates lenient. speak up in class, she likes it! warning: VERY frusterating class and BORING!
Has no idea what he is talking about. Gives people points for yelling at each other, he does not listen to other people's views and always insists we are wrong. HE IS A TERRIBLE PROFESSOR.
Worst class, horrible professor! Literally gave wrong political information and insists he is always right.
this class was one of my worst college experiences! The prof. is such an expert that he forgets how tough the material can be! he offers help, but when we ask questions gets frustrated that we don't know the answers and suggests that we are not working hard enough. This class was often unclear and definitely a source of stress. Nice guy, bad class.
HAHAHA he does look like dr. marvin monroe. run away though. dont take this class.
Worst teacher ever! Have taken plenty of linguistic courses and this is by far the most worthless! Constantly referring to other languages that you have no clue how to speak! Is unclear on what he really wants on his own assignments and leads off on topics that do not connect! Literally need to be more clear and organized! 1st time hating ling!
DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!!! Well, don't take it if you have any interest at all in linguistics. The class omits the whole "language" bit it has in its title and focuses on politics. A la Zev bar-Lev.
Talk about pulling teeth to get information. This guy is very difficult. Tests are 1 page one side and full of stuff you really don't remember him talking about. Likes wrong answers no matter how stupid they are. And he talks about things not pertaining to the class for 20 minutes. Yes I acutally timed him.
Bar-Lev has a "theory" in which he REFUSES to give criteria for tests and assignments in order to promote "deeper thinking" on the part of his students.It just leaves everyone very confused and with a poor grade.Don't go into this class and think you won't have the same experience, I did and regret
Take some else, he's awful!!
Don't take him if you have a learning disability! This man is not helpful at all. Also, the questions on the tests are not based on his lectures or coursework either. TIP: Find the student that is succeeding in the class, ask what they are doing, and do i
I have to respond to the last post -- don't defend the indefensible. Dr.Bar-Lev gives next to no criteria on assignments, and sneaks in questions on exams that he didn't warn of beforehand. He WILL frustrate the**** out of you.
A very nice guy, but not a good instructor. Very vague on his assignments and other expectations. Deliberately confusing and unclear. Has "hidden" expectations which he specifies only after returning assignments, and which common sense can't pin
This guy doesn't even grade your work, a grader does, and tough too! I went to his office to check my grade on the final and saw that the grader had added my points wrong. This error almost dropped my grade in the class from a B to a C. SLACKER!!
I definitely do not recommend him unless you too are an obnoxious little man who subscribes to only one obscure teaching method-- his (see SILL).
arrogant, rude, condescending, opinionated, not a good instructor at all...
super hard, doesn't really care to help, not clear with class studies
His arrogance will have you running like the Dickens!
Thinks he is GOD, yet not very humble
Arrogant, eats hot dogs with lb of mustard
Arrogant, gives new meaning to lazy
Believes in not correcting, but thats all he does! Confusing, didn't learn!
nice guy at a cocktail party, lousy instructor
Work book for his class is very confusing and doesn't supply enough instructions
waste of time and money
Never have I ever had a 101 class that starts of with so much reading and a 100 pt exam ONE WEEK in. Also, most of the links for the readings have been broken and not repaired. Avoid taking this class at all costs.
I feel that I need to let people know the truth about Delph. He is terrible as a teacher. Yes, he knows his stuff but good luck if you take him anyways. He tries to trick you in his tests instead of testing your knowledge. If you have a paper or an essay assignment he grades very hard. STAY AWAY!!!!
The greatness of this prof must be lost over the internet because his online class SUCKS! He does NO teaching; just assigns a TON of reading, expects magic essays and creates VERY poorly worded tests filled with double negatives. He's the kind of prof who tries to make you fail. He must be better in person cause this class SUCKED (even with my A)!!
Missed an exam (traffic ticket) and he took over 8 WEEKS to give it to me. I asked him, called him, went to his office time and time again. Good instructor, but outside of class he just doesnt care
One of the most incompetent professors I have had at EMU. Did he win his PhD in a cereal box? Makes this very serious course sound like the most fun with his constant unnecessary jokes. I would have never guessed that students could laugh so hard in a
had him for culture and the halocaust... very hard class w/ four instructors and the final grade was lower than expected. I head his lit classes are great though...
The more work I put into an assignment, the lower grade I got on it. Explain this to me.
I have taken Prof. Burlingame for three classes and he still doesn't know my name. His classes get easier the higher up they are. Nice guy, pretty understanding of personal situations. I would recommend him on classes higher than the 200's.
Not easy to communicate with, tests are full of little facts from the book that no one can remember. Does not give any information on what he wants done, and what he does give is very contradictory. Can only miss 25 out of 500 points for an A.
I believe the man may be illiterate. He would grade papers as if there were grammar errors when there were none. I even brought one of my papers to the English department where they agreed he has no clue.
Class was extremely BORING!! He read the powerpoints every lecture so there was no reason to attend class. He also made the final paper seem like it was no big deal but in actuality is worth 60% of your grade. Doesn't explain things well.
This is the worst professor I have ever had. He does not teach, he rambles about stuff that has nothing to do with the concepts needed to pass the class. He gives literally one point for assignments. There's two tests with no guidance on what to study. Don't take him unless you are very knowledgable about geology. He gives no grace and doesn't care
This professor teaches geology like its GEO 400. I do not think he should be teaching a gen ed. Tests are also very hard and he will not properly prepare you for it. Very passionate about geology but would not recommend at all. Not good teacher, only take him if you wanna be frustrated and confused all the time.
John is incredibly smart when it comes to geology. He has an impressive resume and some of his stories are super interesting. However, I don't think he is very good at teaching. He assigns excessive readings and your entire grade rests almost entirely on the midterm and final. His lectures are unorganized, and I was confused often.
The worst class I have ever taken, John is extremely intelligent and has a difficult time teaching material in a simplistic way. Do not even bother asking questions he will make you feel unintelligent or just reiterate the question typically in a more difficult way. I found this class more difficult then both my math and chemistry sequence.
Worst grade I have gotten in school, and it was in my major. Grading criteria is not clear whatsoever. Reading is very very heavy, unreasonable. Responds to questions which make you feel bad/dumb for asking and when put into work, it is wrong. Expects everything from you when he gives nothing. Embarrassed to have this professor teaching my major.
This professor was unorganized and not clear on what was expected to succeed. Difficult class, however, may be easier with a more experienced and organized prof.
The man is smart, but he's not good at teaching. He teaches like we're in a level 300+ class. Uses terms that we are unfamiliar with. We have an exam coming up and it's going to be impossible. Don't take this class. Save yourself.
He is really smart, but he isn't good at teaching the material and he just posts a bunch of readings online...so it's almost pointless to go to class.
It’s ironic I took geo 100 with him 5 years ago and thought he was the best prof ever so I went into geology. Now for my capstone course he has sucked all the fun out of geology and makes me fell dumb and I don’t want to be a geologist any more. He’s a terrible prof. Avoid at all coast. He gives a lot of pointless homework.
Worst Prof EVER!!!
i had a good 3 hour nap each week
Only take this class if you are in need of more sleep!! or like wierd profs.
Though he's a great guy personally, he is not very specific and has a very old fashioned way of grading. ( white board marker and you better listen or your going to miss the key points)
You are graded on four things; Two papers (both of which are difficult) and two exams, where if you do not know the material inside and out you will fail. If I wanted to take a philosophy class I would have, but for a criminal justice course, this guy is all over the place and lectures are lengthy and confusing.
You know a class is bad when the *first* lecture, you leave confused and bewildered. At the end, all the students said, "I have no idea what he's talking about." Very abstract, philosophical, and structure-less. Long winded, unclear, and a "performer" (His words not mine). Avoid if you can, but if not, drink a lot of coffee and pray.
Absolutely do not take this man as a teacher if you don't have to. His lectures are the worst thing i have ever had to sit through. He doesn't explain his concepts well but expects you to know close to 200 terms for a short answer test. This man thinks he is a philosopher and this isn't the class to do so. Awful profesor, I would never recommend!
Lectures are hard to follow. Literally writes his notes on the white board and expects you to follow every concept throughout the lecture. His exams are all essays with some true and false where you have to indicate why its true or false. Expect to read the book for this class to study for his exams.
Worst professor you could ever have
Very boring class, I did not learn a thing. I recommend a different teacher for any of his SOC classes.
Go to class to get handouts. Make your cheat sheets for exams off of handout problems. Sit at the front of the room because he mumbles and you won't hear a word of lecture. Really boring though and he's definitely getting too old to teach.
He is a horrible teacher, but if you can get your hands on past tests, just use them for the tests and final, because they are basically exactly the same
He worked with Einstein, which means he's too old to be teaching right now. He speaks in low monotonous mumble, and tells very bad jokes. I was afraid that he would fall out and kill himself when he bent down to pick up the chalk one day.
One of the worst teacher's i've had ever.
he is literally an institution, past his prime, he should just advise graduate students who actually have the possibility of understanding him. he said during his princeton days, he doubted the applicability of the transistor, that tells you alot.
Absolutely awful, way too much homework (
The most insufferable professor I've ever had. Do NOT take any classes with her if you can avoid it. The amount of trees wasted for handouts is crazy. So much work, so much sleep deprivation. 15-page projects, homework, plus AVID tutoring and content. Her classroom feels like prison. She calls on people randomly and looks over shoulders at laptops.
This is the worst class I have ever taken in my entire life. I am so sorry if you have to take this class as a requirement. She assigns astronomical amounts of homework and, for the final, gave us just eight days to complete what is essentially a 15+ page paper. To make matters worse, the instructions are always the same questions over and over.
This has honestly been one of my least favorite classes I have ever taken. I was disappointed because I usually enjoy talking about topics like race and culture, but Dr. Wong made it nearly impossible to enjoy. I never have a problem speaking in front of people, but this participation-mandatory class made me the most anxious. Overall, not good.
The class is cultural diversity, schooling, and the teacher, & we only ever discussed racism and how white people are the problem. Very hypocritical. Everything is very repetitive and class time is used to go over the assignments we already did! She is also a very tough grader, even though we do our assignment before learning about it in class.
Carol is the second worst proff I've ever had. Just not a competent person
So much work and everything is graded harshly. Did not get above a 90 on anything even though I spent hours upon hours doing the necessary work for assignments. Did not learn a single thing even with so much content.
This class may not be possible to get an A in, not because the work is exceptionally hard, but because the way Wong grades is nonsensical. She does not leave any comments on the majority of assignments, no matter the grade. This class contains 75% of my homework for the semester (mostly time-consuming busywork) and yet I've learned almost nothing.
I LOVE being an education major at UD, dont get me wrong. Its one of the best teacher prep programs in the country. But YIKES. Wong made me question everything. She was rude, her directions were 20 pages long for assignments, and half of what she taught us was inaccurate. Unnecessarily difficult and stressful class.
Get ready to have your Cognitive Load bursting with irrelevant information! The only thing i got out of this class was sleep deprivation, a nightmare (not even kidding), and how to properly praise a student.
Too much work. Did not enjoy. Avoid.
I can't even begin with this woman. No tests but her unit assessments are basically impossible. According to her rubric and her own definition, getting an A is nearly impossible. Takes forever to return assignments. Talks to us like we're 12 year olds. Doesn't understand that we have other classes and loads up the work. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
I am getting a good grade in the class, but she is a horrible teacher. Teaches like we are 3 years old. Has no regard for our other classes and doesnt give proper instructions. Too long to do well on papers. DO NOT TAKE HER IF POSSIBLE. Waste of time.
Bad teacher, even worse curriculum. For being a professor of education, she has a lot to learn about teaching college students. If you have a choice, DONT take her, you'll be thankful in the long run. Very demanding class and Wong isnt helpful.
Know her reasearch! She publishes with Eccles. Look up articles by Wong and Eccles. She is an ethnic discrimination expert. ( wong, eccles, sameroff 2003 ). Tell her about the ethnic aspects
Avoid this woman at all costs. She is so rigid she will snap soon. The most inflexible personality I have ever experienced.
Nice lady but talks to you like you are 4. Too much reading with weekly quizzes. Its too bad Allison doesnt teach this!
Do not take her if you can avoid it at all! WAY too many handouts, bizarre class structure, way too much reading and too many quizzes. Goes into way too much minute detail and condescending.
Absolutely the worst class I've ever had at UD. She is so pretentious and doesn't know the first thing about teaching college students. She should find herself a kindergarten somewhere that would suit her better. Take Olga.
Professor Wong makes assignments far more complicated than they need to be.
Yikes! So annoying. Misunderstands everything students say. Treats us like kids.
mmmmmmmmK?
Horrible!!! How can this person still be teaching I do not have a clue! You power points are completely useless and you are a waste of students time and money! Disgraceee! You've been warned DO NOT take this class!!!
the worst teacher i have ever had. made the entire semester hell. i will never take chemistry again.
she loves to use powerpoint and breeze through problems. does not lecture well, and does not teach very well. she makes the subject very uninteresting
OH. MY. GOD. This woman is the bane of my existence. General Chemistry was ridiculous - she moves so fast and her answers to questions are not helpful at all. She LOVES Powerpoint and will often go through the last 4 slides in a lecture in the last 5 minutes of class. In short - death.
hate her
PREFERS YOUNGER STUDENTS. Is intimidated by 25+ students.
Had him for my first semester of college. If you are a freshman there are so many better professors to teach you calculus. He does an extremely poor job explaining the material, and his homework assignments are close to impossible. I have been good at math all my life, but this professor makes sure to deliver the material in the most complex way.
Sometimes the accent gets in the way and during lectures he focuses alot on proofs rather than how to do the problems step by step. Expects you to read his mind and know things off the bat. Would not recommend for lyman math course
This class should have been a lot easier than it was. This professor is absolutely terrible, taking his class was a ''misteak''. The TA's are the only reason I semi-understood this class, he does absolutely nothing to help. His tests are ridiculous, and the final exam is even worse. Good luck if you are taking this class, but I would recommend swit
No personal skills -- hardest class I've taken in my entire life, because I had him -- get ANY other prof!
o man... i think he teaches in a different language... his tests are unbelievably hard... passing is not an option
Do not take her!!! She never comes to class prepared and literally just writes on a google doc as "notes" for the class. She is never focused and goes off on tangents instead of teaching people what we actually need to know for her tests(which are very difficult). If you cant get out of taking this class with her then good luck.
She takes attendance daily, which sucks because her class is a complete waste of time. All she does is go on and on about her family and pets, making the material confusing; wasting time. I did the readings on my own and it was so much easier and simpler. Take the class because it's interesting, but be ready to bring your computer and ignore her.
Her teenage vernacular endears her to the students while she bores you with personal anecdotes and boring overheads. It is regurgitating banal facts that verify what you already know. True and False questions in philosophy? No free-thinking.
You can't test philosophy with MULTIPLE CHOICE QUESTIONS designed to trick students. There are only 30 so getting more than 5 wrong will screw you.Not helpful, Stupid, and Uninterested in class.Cries like a baby if anyone (with common sense)leaves class.
He rambles on and on in class and will stay on one slide for the entire 50 minutes you are in there. He is also not very specific on reading assignments and quizzes so you have to keep track of that on your own. Theres also usually a quiz every Friday so you have to go to class. I would not take this again!
Only have to go to classes when there is quizzes and then leave right after. His voice is annoying, sucks at lecturing, learn nothing in lectures. You basically don't have to go to any of them to learn just about the same thing as what the people who go to class do. My advice don't take his class.
EWWW this class sucks, hes realllly boring and his lectues suck
I've never heard some one talk so much with out saying anything at all.
Changes assignments constantly. Doesnt grade fairly, and uses outdated or wrong information about education in America from a biased Joel Spring. Attendance grade 5 points per class but gives out 2 pg papers single spaced which are worth 3 points but are mandatory. Gave 6's to some and 0's to others on a assignment worth 5 points. got a 2.5
Lame teacher, always changing her teaching style. Thinks she knows everything about teaching. Cannot get her point across to the students. Cant grade papers in time. Unorganized. Wastes to much time with technical difficulties. Expects you to read at time over 100 pages of of books that say the same thing. If you can avoid her I recommend it
Unorganized. Not prepared for lectures. Changes assignment and grading guidelines constantly. Is biased. Assignment expectations are unclear. Mumbles. Superiority complex. Avoids answering questions she cant answer - pretends she knows answer and treats student as if they are too stupid to bother with. Epitomizes what not to do when teaching.
ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE! Unorganized. You can't hear her. Doesn't stay on track. Her assignments are unclear. She doesn't even really teach; she depends on readings and videos to do her job for her. Biased. Doesn't convey information efficiently. Suffers from a superiority complex. Avoid her at all costs. She should literally be your last resort!
Intelligent and knowledgeable in the subject area, but she doesn't convey the information very well. Readings are very difficult and she doesn't explain them very well. Essay PROMPTS are extremely LONG, OVER-WORDED, and CONFUSING--just like her lectures!! She isn't very competent with technology and isn't prepared when errors do occur.
Talks too softly, & mumbles. When you ask her a question she looks at you like you're dumb, she tries to avoid answering you. She's inconsistent with her grading policy & her assignments. She sends assignments via email that are very hard to understand & even if she explains in class, you still won't understand. AVOID.
Prof. Lum was inconsistent, boring, and a tough grader. Never answers questions directly. Beats around the bush with a lot of stuff. Hard grader. Avoid if you want to pass.
She is an awful teacher. She mumbles and whispers for hours, disregarding students questions. Smart woman, but awful teacher. She gives hefty assignments via email the week before they are due. Assignments are not explained in class, and very vague explanations. Does not teach what she tests on. Avoid her at all costs.
Has no idea how to work the computer and media in the classroom. Always late, doesn't follow the sylubus and emails insane assignments that are due the following week. Will never take another class she teaches, she is the most unorganized and boring teacher EVER!!
The syllabus was inconsistent. Directions for assignments were unclear. When students asked questions during class they were not fully addressed. Staying after class to ask questions was not helpful. I would recommend you AVOID THIS TEACHER.
Very unfair and difficult to work with.
Terrible. No personality. Needs to develop social skills. Should not be teaching.
No personality; bad speaking and listening skills; SASSY; demeaning
I love writing, but her class she talks for over an hour about common sense topics. VERY BORING.
showed us a film from when he was in vietnam. Good grief. TEACH! I don't care about your videos!
He doesn;t really teach the text so to pass the tests you gotta read but that also makes it easy to never go to class but still pass
He needs to retire. His classes are easy and I learned nothing from him.
He forgets things, and he almost cost me an extra semester at this university. BAD advisor, BAD!
Classic "professor god" complex; Don't disagree with him if you want a good grad
This professor teaches a class for college students that is meant for middle-schoolers. He is unclear, unhelpful, unorganized, and extremely condescending. He fails to give any constructive criticism. You will not have a reliable syllabus in this class. English was my bestfavorite subject in high school but this prof has made me resent it.
This guy couldn't even teach my high school class. He spent more time doing attendance than actually teaching. he spelt "false" wrong on a test once. Someone asked him what is on our final in an email and he replied "nothing." Not sure how he could teach a college course. He let us eat in his class though...
Who's continuing to spoon out this propaPANDA?
Worst professor I've ever had, seems to derive pleasure out of making his students feel inferior. Class is impossible, avoid at all costs. I love math, am seeking my phd in it, but still hated his class.
does not follow announced schedule at all
HORRIBLE!!! HORRIBLE!!! HORRIBLE!!! This is the first class I had to audit. This professor sucks, hes a genius, but sucks at teaching. Never could understand a word he was saying and when I did understand it, that concept on the exam was IMPOSSIBLE! stay away from him. the university should reconsider him as a teacher.
He is the worst math teacher I've ever had. He doesn't teach, he just goes through proofs, no examples. Homework is all proofs too, but the test has actual problems on it, which you won't know hot to do. If you take his class, you better be good at learning on your own, and don't bother going to his office hours, because he usually doesn't show up.
He doesn't know what an example is. If you ask him to do an example of something he will show you a proof. Very hard to understand, not because he is chinese, but because he just talks nonsense. Tests = very hard. I'm getting a C in the class. I haven't gotten anything lower than an A in math since 4th grade. DO NOT CHOOSE THIS TEACHER IF AVOIDABLE
Finds humor in his class doing poorly. Doesn't care the class avg. is a D+.
By far one of the worst professors I've ever had. She is incredibly unclear in everything she does and when it comes to grading she is extremely harsh. Normally I would understand why I did something wrong but in this class you'll never know. She lectures about irrelevant things and then expects you to know what to do for the hw. Just stay away
Never gives clear instructions, wants you to figure everything out for yourself. Does not require attendance but gives a group assignment almost every class so if you miss it you're screwed. Assignments are very abstract and she grades them harshly. Do yourself and your GPA a favor and avoid this class at all cost.
A true embarrassment to academia. Insulting to think that Miss Hethorn is allowed to teach, especially at a graduate level. She was manipulative, had no grasp of the material she was trying to teach and could not make a relevant point. I feel robbed after taking this class, and think it is criminal that UD allows her on its campus and classrooms.
basically with this professor, every time you leave class you'll begin to wonder why you hate your life.
Lets put it this way. If you take this class, everyday you leave you'll suddenly begin to wonder why you hate your life.
Ive never met someone who had the ability to literally make me sick. Her appearance is just as absurd as her class. Her lectures are completely pointless. Random notes assignments dont pertain to the class and serve no purpose. She believes herself to be really intelligent but her lack of clarity on assignments do not show it very well, just say no
She is the worst teacher I have ever had. She turned what could have been an awesome class into one that I dreaded going to. She is very unclear about waht she wants and is extremely condesending. If you have a choice of taking her class with a different teacher DO IT!
I'm sure she's very knowledgable about her research topics. But in terms of FASH110, not sure what the point of the class was... just pretend it's a real class and work really hard and you'll get an A. Don't waste your time wondering what the point of anything she does is, there is none.
Do Not Take This Class With HETHORN! She's the Devil.
HORRIBLE,HORRIBLE WOMAN! she makes you feel like crap after you worked really hard on an assignment. She is condesending and she is ALWAYS laughing at herself even though nothing funny is going on in class. I learned nothing. She only accepts what SHE wants, not what you think is correct. Felt like an elementary class, but she is mean!
Don't waste your time on her classes. She gives the most pointless projects that take forever and a day to do, and then when you finish and think you've done a relativly good job she rips you apart. She doesn't teach, she talks and talks and talks and then gives tons of busy work to make it look like shes doing something
ALL i have to say is thank god she is on sabadicle my last year here. AVOID HER!!
unorganized, never lectured ANYTHING and her test were wayy hard because she never told us what was on them would NOT suggest her!
She was so unhelpful and unclear
ALOT of stupid busy work, do the work and youll do well. class teaches you nothing though
she is a horrrrrible teacher, shoot yourself before you take this class...SHE IS AWFUL, AVOID HETHORN AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!
What a WHACKO...Biggest Ditz ever, random notes=waste of time, projects busy wrk
Waste of time + $$$. Easy to pass, but NOTHING is taught.
hethorn is really unorganized and i learned nothing in her class
She avoids teaching as a whole. She i not clear on what she wants from you.
Very unclear and confused. Laughs at herself a lot.
doesnt have a clear understanding of own assignments...is all over the place
Really Annoying. Laughs at her own jokes constantly! Night and day attitude!
I couldn't understand him and he made learning very hard. Most people dropped the class.
This professor was hard to learn from and I did not enjoy this class at all. I am usually an all A student with this class becoming the one exception. I passed calculus 2 with an A- and was told calc 3 would be a lot easier but it was definitely not easier with this professor. I don't recommend this class to anyone unless you want to ruin your GPA.
Heres how his lectures are structured: Stands in front of whatever hes writing on the board, doesnt explain any of his steps, assigns a mini quiz and webwork problems. Everyone takes the test. The class average score is 60%. Moves onto the next topic If you actually want to learn something, I would NOT recommend taking his course.
Taking any of his classes will kill your GPA. WORST professor i have ever had, he grades you so harshly you could do really good but if you didn't do things the EXACT way he wants it he will kill your score
He doesnt teach, he isnt helpful, hes pretty nice but very hard tp understand and follow in his lecures. what ever you do don't take any of his classes chances are you wont pass, my entire class practically failed his class, he needs to be fired
I don't understand how he's even employed at GVSU, I have never had a worse teacher or prof. If you have questions in the class he wont really answer them. This was a synchronous and asynchronous class, his videos were never helpful and he never taught during our zoom meetings, he gave us homework on things that were never explained or taught.
In reality he doesn't teach, he doesn't help with homework, doesn't even understand half of the homework he assigns. What ever you do, DO NOT take his class
If you end up Akalu Tefera as your math teacher, run. While he may be better in person, taking his course online was a mental and grade nightmare. His lectures were terrible, I was often stuck on concepts and upon asking for help would get frustrated that I didnt already know the course material. Testing was bad in top of that. Stay away, FAR away
by far the worst prof. I have ever had. You don't learn a single thing in his class. Everything is up to you. Have a question? funny, he will answer it but will give you a poor response, and barely answer it. Whatever you do try your hardest to stay away from his classes.
He doesn't teach you anything, you have to figure out everything on your own. his accent is hard to understand. When he does actually go over something, he jumps around and hardly explains anything. The first month of class we "learned" math from things we learned years ago back in high school, Didn't bother teaching any of it. Get a tutor or fail.
Absolutely the worst professor I have ever had!!! His lectures make no sense what so ever and you can't even understand what he's saying half the time. None of his lecture material translates to homework or tests so you are pretty much learning the material by yourself. Please do yourself a favor and do not take anything he teaches.
Terrible professor. Has an awful way of teaching that makes it impossible to do his homework. The homework he gives absolutely does not relate to his lectures. would not recommend taking any of his classes.
Worst professor I have ever had. He has ridiculously hard assignments, which I would spend hours on and the math center tutors couldn't figure out. His accent is hard to understand Doesn't like questions; scoffs and mocks you if you dare not understand. He races through the lecture, then assigns group work and doesn't teach anymore. DO NOT TAKE
Prof Tefera is a nice guy but honestly the worse professor I have ever taken. If you get the answers right on test but your work isnt EXACTLY what he wants, he will still take off most of the points. The average for our take home test was a 61%. He is so hard to understand, and really doesnt care if you do good in the class or not. Dont take him
He has such a good personality but he is not very good at teaching or grading. He is VERY picky on exams if you miss one little detail he will mark off a bunch of points. He gives no extra credit , he does give another opportunity to retake exams but overall I would suggest not taking his class.
Worst Prof! Everyone failed this class and he would give examples but they would be nothing like the problems he would use on exams. Almost everyone failed the class. DO NOT TAKE!
Unless you are able to understand someone writing out new Calculus material at an fast rate on the whiteboard, Tefera is not your prof. He is hard to understand sometimes and moves through the tough material quite quickly. You can ask questions in class if you even understand what to ask, but good luck getting a helpful response over email.
Dr. Tefera is an incredibly intelligent man, too intelligent to teach intro calc classes. Does not explain, its like he reviews over material and barley explains, gives an example and never touches on the subject again. Tests are insanely hard. His practice tests are word for word his exam, but he is the most strict grader, absolutely insane.
He makes this class so difficult, what he teaches in class has NOTHING to do with the homework or exam. MEMORIZE the practice tests and in class assignments if you want to get at least a C on the exam. Good luck!
Worst professor I've ever had. He doesn't teach, he simply does examples on the board with no explanation. Tests are impossible to pass because he picks apart every answer and if you don't have every single part, you get docked a lot of points. If you have any questions on homework and email him, the answer you will get is "check your notes".
literally one of the absolute WORST professors I have EVER had. You could get everything 100% correct on an exam and he will find the smallest things to mark you down for. if you have a choice DO NOT take him. SUCH a hard grader, not clear AT ALL. expects you to remember everything from high school, assigns homework on unlearned material etc.
I would recommend to not take this course with this specific professor. I took a similar class to Math 122 in High School and he makes this class harder than it should be. He won't answer questions and you can't understand him at all. I like math and he ruined that for me.
When you ask a question it does not get answered completely. Then he tells you to come to his office hours if you don't want to raise your hand in class, just leaving you more confused by not answering your question yet again. Also takes off a lot of points if 1 thing is wrong, and he will tell you to just go look over it at dinner by yourself.
This professor tries to be helpful, but is not. You can not understand one word he says. His tests are only 5 questions long, so if you only get one wrong bye bye grade.
If you have him try to switch IMMEDIATELY. He was one of the worst professors I've ever had and this class is near impossible to do well in. He is rude and unapproachable and expects you to remember everything you learned in high school. I would study for hours and I had a tutor but it didn't matter at all. Just a terrible and unhelpful professor.
Terrible teacher. You can hardly understand him and he expects that you remember math from h.s. & if you don't he moves on without explaining anyway. He is an EXTREMELY TOUGH GRADER. And that being said, each of his MA 122 classes had an average of 60% for each exam. Also, He is impossible when it comes to answering your questions. Don't take him!
If you have him for Math 122, switch at all costs. It will save your GPA and your sanity. He was the most unhelpful professor I have ever had. The tests were extremely hard and the class average was usually below passing. He did not seem to mind, nor did he change his style. He was unresponsive to questions. I cannot say one good thing.
He is an awful teacher and makes this class impossible to do well in. You can't understand him. He is the toughest grader. He isn't fair. When picking your professor avoid him at all costs.
This professor should not be teaching. He expected everyone to know the material before class even started and was EXTREMELY unhelpful when it came to helping us understand the material. He was disrespectful to students when they asked questions and had no interest in helping us pass the class. DO NOT take this professor! He was an awful teacher.
This class is so boring. I am currently doing thus while in class. If you just do the practice tests you will do fine on the exams. His voice gives me a headache.
He was rude, and not helpful what so ever. If you have the option don't take him. His accent makes it hard to understand him. He didn't seem to care whether you passed or not he was just there going through the motions. I actually had to drop the class because of his attitude towards students.
Cant understand him and if you manage to its useless anyway because he cant tell you in a way that people can understand in english
He is a nice guy, but it is really hard to understand him. Our class tried asking questions, but only a few of us could understand what he was trying to explain. He also got frustrated with us because we couldn't understand him.
By far the worst math professor I have ever had. If you ask a question and he doesn't understand he just rambles on like he understands but obviously doesn't. Plays favorites, mini quizzes every week. If your in one of his classes switch out. Accent is hobbible, blames students for "wasting his time" if your not doing good.
Awful professor. I am a math major and had never done worse than a B+ in any math class until this one. I passed with a C by only a couple points. I have never struggled so much in a class. I went to his office hours once, asked a question multiple times telling him I didn't understand what he meant and all he did was repeat the same thing louder.
Unfair and incompressible, he is at least funny and intelligent. Majority of his class was failing after the midterm, he then blamed the students for "wasting his time" last I checked I'm the one paying for this course. I dropped him because I had about a 40% in the course, I later got an A- with another professor. Please avoid, not a good prof.
He wouldn't tell us whether or not we were actually having an exam, just told us to study. I wasted a bunch of time studying just to come to class and find out that the exam was now take-home. He also wont give you a copy of the "mini-quiz" (it's just homework) if you don't come to class, even if you go to his office hours and ask!
If you take him for 325, get ready for a ride through Discrete math hell. Utterly incomprehensible and poor at explaning, you'll battle surge after surge of demonic assignments and horrific exams all while struggling to keep your sanity in the labyrinthine cognitive maze that is poorly taught upper level discrete mathematics.
Horrible. Absolutely horrible. Nothing about his "teaching" methods were at all helpful. Does not help, does not care, FILES through the material, plays favorites. I don't understand why Grand Valley allows such awful professors to be associated with their university! Last math class I had to take for the major, worst prof out of all I've had!
Not helpful, bad teacher, questions aren't always clear.
Having been a mathematics major my freshman year, I took MTH 210. Because of this I knew most everything he taught in the early part of the semester. However, I could CLEARLY see how his teaching methods were lacking and that everything he was saying was going over the other students' heads. I had to teach half the class myself outside of class.
He knows his stuff, but his ability to teach is severely lacking. Goes over material very quickly and assumes we all understand(wrong!). Mini quiz EVERYDAY. Grades incredibly hard.If you dont show up to class, you will miss a quiz. Material is almost impossible to work out on your own unless you have a tutor.Very hard to understand anything he says
Explains nothing well. Dismisses concepts as trivial. Take-home exams take hours. He put a concept he never explained - and there is nothing in the book or online - on a test. His tests are much more difficult than the in-class examples.
Maybe very intelligent, but you can not understand him with his accent and mumbling - flies through material and the board becomes a mess - dont try to follow his graphs. why does GVSU let these people teach who can not communicate?
Seriously, if you can figure out the grading scale I would give serious accolades. We would double check our work and he would still find problems with it, mostly grammatical. Unwilling to adjust class pace and just keeps going and doesnt seem to care about students
Can't really understand what he says, very strong african dialect. Course is very hard, so if you're not really strong in calc, take a different prof. It's funny to listen to him talk though.
can't understand anything he says..picky and expects everyone to understand what he teaches. class is only hard for about 4 weeks
real nice guy, but he moves to fast for how bad his accent is
So glad she's not teaching this semester; confusing and she just repeats what is on the Power Point. Very boring; better off with somebody else, since she doesn't seem very interested in teaching.
mean, rude to students, make sure you agree with her or else
Avoid, boring, disorganized, and unclear with expectations; also moody
Moody, always has a frown on her face; dry and boring; there are better profs out there - take somebody else
Avoid, boring, spoon-feeds material, opinionated and dry as dust
Moody, not very friendly, unapproachable; knows material, but has difficulty relating to students; avoid
Just ok.....
Dr. Galbraith is probably one of the best prof in history at GVSU she knows her history and wants to share it with you and wants you to learn it.
Very kind professor but very organized...lectures are hard to follow and very boring...
This guy sucks, lame, lame, lame, DO NOT TAKE DR. JACKSON - worst mistake ever
Jackson looks at everything as either black or white. If you are 30 seconds late because you got in an accident and you are bleeding everywhere but managed to crawl into the door..to bad you are still late. Fact packs suck and hard to understand what he wants on them. In his defense some kids are idiots and he is not afraid to make you look dumb
WORST TEACHER IN HISTORY. DO NOT TAKE THIS GUY HE IS LAME. FAILS YOU FOR EVERYTHING. HE IS AWFUL
This teacher isnt a good teacher at all. He doesn't help you when you have problems, he expects you to always know what to do. He has his favorites he does things for his favorites that he will not do for anyone else.
Horribly professor. You get to use notes on teh test but they are still impossible. The papers that are due every week, he grades them how he likes you. If he marks you down, he can't explain why he marked you down.
mumbles
By far the worst class I have ever taken. He made it way harder than it needed to be. It was a 100 level class but treated like a 300 level class with unrealistic reading assignments every night. He does not go over any of the reading in class but you will be tested on it. If you are not a PLS major DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
This is by far the worst class I have ever taken. He is not clear with what he is trying to teach and when you ask him questions he answers with "What do you think?" If you don't understand politics or have any interest in being a politician, do not take this class.
Horrible.
STAY AWAY! Just took his final. I might as well have skipped lectures for the year because the notes were useless. Requires way too much reading and doesn't bother explaining it. With specific questions, he was no help. First exam average = 65% and same for the second. TERRIBLE PROF! Killed my GPA
The worst prof in PLS dept.!!! Could not keep up with readings, but never needed too. He would never finish his lectures. Needs to stop students from talking too much when they don't add any value to class!
I'd rather bang my head agains a wall for an hour than sit through his class!
He's horrible!! Way too much reading, tests on small details, Very quiet
Bad Prof! Too much reading, He mumbles, Hard tests....Dont take his classes!
Eisner made a comment regarding Greek pedophilia that made me never return, therefore I received a D-.
has favorites, grades poorly, not organized, and overall totally not interested in students unless they kiss his rear end. And I mean total humiliation.
keeps no records, will screw you over if your not his favorite
his ego filled the room. students don't count.
self-centered, students don't count
he has such a big ego. do not take his class
Lectures are very boring. Dont bother printing out the powerpoints because he changes them and you get lost with the disorganization of them. Hes not very nice & gets off subject too much. Easy chapter quizzes/map quizzes. Dont buy the book, do the other assignments, and do the video project to pass. The project is ridiculous. Tests are hard.
Lecture heavy and most of what he lectures on does not correlate to the 2 exams you take throughout the semester. exams are hard but you can make up points through the 3 other assignments you do. He gives his opinion and if you disagree he will belittle you in front of the class. If you ask a question about anything he will also belittle you. awful
I don't think Dr. Cole knows what he is teaching half of the time. I have gone to so many lectures where I leave asking myself what was important and what was just filler. To be honest, it is really hard to separate the two with him as he throws so much at you during class periods. Most of it does not relate to exams or anything that will help you.
I am a Geography major, so I love Geography. This was the most boring class I have ever been in. He gives 1:15 long PP of just pictures where he tells personal stories. It's a relatively easy class, but it's so boring half the class doesn't show up (even though it's mandatory). Haven't learned anything, try to avoid if possible.
I really didn't like this professor. The lectures are very detailed and the exams often have questions that weren't covered in class. The final project is pretty hard. I would not recommend taking this prof. He's probably the worst prof I've ever had. TAKE SOMEONE ELSE.
Professor Cole is easily the worst prof I have taken. He is extremely rude and whenever you try to ask a question he makes you feel stupid and never gives a straight answer. Exams are impossible and relate to very little that was related to the class lecture. DO NOT TAKE!
Took this professor. Awful. Puts things on exam that we don't even cover in the class. Spends 3 class periods talking about one topic, then puts 10 questions on the exam about a footnote from another lecture. Teaches un-verified, personal opinions as facts and dodges around criticisms. Data he presents is always from questionable organizations.
I have not learned one thing in his class because he was all over the place and very unorganized. Class consists of boring confusing lectures that don't make any sense. There are only two exams, and a group project worth 400 points. VERY religiously offensive too..I've never met someone with such little respect for other people's beliefs
I couldn't even finish his course. I'm not even a religious person, but I felt offended by many of the things he said, and I know a lot of other students felt the same way. He seems very condescending and doesn't act like he wants you to pass.
Beware these lectures are long and boring. Attendance is a huge part of your grade but it sucks because you learn nothing. You have no idea what will be on the exams. One huge project that he answers questions with "check the instructions" when they are 17 pages long and very confusing. He isn't there for you to succeed.
WARNING: AVOID TAKING THIS CLASS. He does not give study guides for ANY of the exams. Attendance is 15%, but a waste of time when you learn virtually nothing from his lectures. He is condescending and when you ask a question, he talks around it instead of giving you a direct explanation. It almost seems like he wants you to fail.
He spends every class reading off powerpoint. Lectures are LONG and BORING. 2 tests for the year on random stuff.. Attendance is worth 25% of grade. Big project. Constantly calls out students who use cell phones in class. I would rather go through the Hunger Games and Twizard Tournament while listening to Bieber on repeat than take this class
Make sure you do the online map quizzes. He won't give you a heads up as to when they are open or not so check Blackboard regularly. He's a weird guy. The GIS project sounds easy but it is very difficult, so start it early. If I somehow failed this class and took it again I would get a different professor.
He is corny as hell, but that's what makes him likable. Classes are EXTREMELY boring, but an attendance sheet goes around each time so you must attend to get a decent grade. Class is pretty easy if you take notes. Final project is no joke, maps are easy to make , but the paper he wants you to write will literally take 6 hours.
just awful. the class is mandatory although barely anything he says in class is on the tests. his exam reviews are literally more confusing than helpful. was considering geography as a minor but this guy.... AVOID AT ALL COST honestly.
I was interested in the topic, but I found it IMPOSSIBLE to keep up with his course goals. They changed at least three times through the semester, and the methods for grading were unclear also. Exam was unrelated to the textbook & in-class discussions. I am a senior in college, a 4.0 student who received a D in his class. . . that says a lot!
I did not like this professor at all, he wasnt interesting at all and he gave you tests that were literally IMPOSSIBLE!! He took points off if you didnt come to class no matter what the reasoning was. He dosnt even get to know his students I use to get emails calling me MR when I was clearly a Miss and the class size wasnt even big
He is the worst professor I've ever had. He made us take our final exam during terrible weather, despite power going out and the fire alarm blaring for 22 minutes. He makes unprofessional comments on the poor, Jews and Muslims. The average grade in our class was a C-. NEVER TAKE ROY COLE. DO NOT.
SO HARD! he is a great guy but an absolutely boring professor. The lectures are impossible to pay attention to. He think his jokes are funny but no one else gets them. The exams are impossible no point in even studying you'll never get an A. 10 points off every time you skip. Map and Chapter quiz usually once a week. dont take if you dont have to!
absolutely horrible professor. Exams are impossibly hard, lectures are soo boring and the end of the year project is pointless. DO NOT TAKE HIM AS A PROFESSOR!!!!!
he is horrible at engaging the students and his voice sound like the counselor from South Park... you think it would be awesome but it gets annoying after a while, mmhhmm kay? I just didn't enjoy the class at all the subjects in the book were completely different from what he taught us.
He doesnt get the class involve to learn about the subject even though he is knowledgable. He lecture are boring and the information isn't on the exam which makes it difficult.
ROYYYY COLE!!! crazy with his awkward humor...funny at times..but most of the time you just sit there wondering what the heck he is talking about. He is very well traveled and knows a lot about the world but doesn't really know how to teach without rambling
This about sums up the class...In order to receive a MAXIMUM of a 93 on the final, you must read the textbook, at least 3 times through, (once being 27 chps), read 10 + random articles, OH and best of ALL, YOU HAVE TO BE HIS SON..... Just saying that is a MORE than a LITTLE MESSED UP.
This professor is a joke, he really is. You have no clue what you are going to get in the class 'till the end because he does not upload grades. The midterm is okay, but the project is useless and pointless. He is absolutely useless. I would recommend Kin Ma, this gpy 235 class is not a gen ed, it is for geography majors, or at least it seems. :-)!
Impossible to get an A. no one has ever gotten above a 93 on the final and he's given it for like 10 years. he doesnt want you to succeed. the assignments take forever and are inteneded for a geography major... this is NOT an easy class. Worst and most boring teacher i've ever had. GVSU would be smart to fire him. I had a 3.8 GPA and got a D.
He is the worst ever. Has no clue what he's talkin about and rambles on about who knows what. His tests have no review. 2 tests and nothing else. They'r 55% of your grade and his "extra credit" are GPY meetings that are always during other classes. He should be fired cuz he's a wasting everyone's time. I learned absolutly nothing
This guy is ridiculous. I've learned absolutely nothing in this class. He doesn't even give you straight answers just makes up BS. Classes are boring, midterm is stupid and hard to find the answers too. Don't take him unless u want to here about his trips to Africa and all the diseases he's had.
He is useless. I did not learn anything while i was in his class. i advise anyone who thinks Professor Cole is a good teacher to rethink your status because he is terrible
This professor is a serious waste of time and money. I have learned NOTHING in this class. He is impossible to pay attention to and is not helpful with explaining anything. Do NOT take this professor!!! He should be fired immediately!
WORST CLASS EVER! All he does in the lectures is talks about the ppt. It is extremely boring and NOT helpful when taking the exam. The midterm was manageable but the final was ridiculous! It was the hardest, most impossible thing I've ever taken. I would've had to memorize the text to do ace it. Do yourself a favor and take a different prof.
What a joke. Isn't available for office hours. Doesnt answer emails promptly. Teaches poorly. Tells bad jokes. Worst professor at GVSU hands down. Avoid at all costs. Should be fired!
Practically reads off powerpoints, which are already difficult to follow. Terrible jokes, completely unhelpful, tests over stuff not covered in class, hard grader on paper but gives you notes you can't read. won't tell you what your grade is so you never really know. Overall a VERY frustrating experience. Avoid him if you can.
HORRIBLE! RUN FAR-FAR AWAY! The worst professor ever! Very strict, dumb attendance policy. Useful professor, Hard grader. Just HORRIBLE! NEVER, EVER take him!
AVOID! He talks about stuff that you will never use again in your life. This class is so boring and you get nothing out of it!
Cole is an arrogant professor who is at GVSU only to collect a paycheck. The worst professor I've ever had!!
I basically wanted to kill myself. Do not take this professor, he is literally the worst teacher I have ever had in my life.
OMG what a waste of time. Very difficult class topic, and no help from him at all. 80 minutes movies with subtitles, no lecture, purchase 7 books for the class but didn't use them. He's awful. Avoid. Avoid.
This prof is a joke. His assignments take a ridiculously long time (avg 4 hrs per project). He gives 6 projects. cumulative essay final which is a b****!! you will learn nothing from his lectures. He just rambles. He tries to be funny but fails miserably.. This prof is so outrageously bad, he answered a call on his cell during our final exam!
This guy is the most ignorant, self riteous person i have ever met. I honestly can say that i learned absolutely nothing from the babbling that he called a lecture. He was rude and should be fired for the outrageous things he said, including disrespecting other professors teachings. STAY AWAY!
....STAY AWAY...He doesn't help you at all on assignments and his lectures are based on nothing that has to DO with your assignments. But don't worry, even if you figure out what you are doing, You will not Ace any assignment anyway. He will not let you. and you will basically have to teach yourself everything.
he is a smart guy but a really bad teacher, you coudn't pay me to take him again !
Worst professor I had in my four years at GVSU. I don't know why he is aloud to teach. It was a waste of my money, when I could have taught myself more by reading a book. Only one good thing, there was no book. Study for exam ahead of time and don't until the end.
Do NOT take him. His final exam has NOTHING whatsoever to do with any of his lectures. Do NOT buy the book. It is useless because you are not tested on ANY of it. His lectures are DULL and the entire class sleeps. Lame jokes. He is a jerk.
He's easy, but you'll learn nothing and resent every second you have tmo listen to his "humor."
He is HORRIBLE!!! He does not explain ANYTHING. Going to class is piontless you don't learn anything. This class is just another way to get money from students! Roy SUCKS!!!! DO NOT take him!
RIDICULOUS final exam
He seems to be more concerned with beer and his research than anything else.
He is the worst teacher I have ever had. He was so preoccupied with the book that he is/was writing that it showed in his very boring lectures. His assignments are very unclear, but expects you to do well anyway. Do NOT take his class. Trust me!
I've been at GVSU for four years, and never have I had a worse prof
this guys was the worst prof ever! avoid at all cost! should be fired!
this guy is the worst prof i've ever had..avoid if at all possible!!!!!!
I took her darkroom photography class a few years ago, and as much as I wanted to like the class, she was very condescending. She doesn't reply to emails and is very disorganized. In one our first few classes, she randomly said we would take a 20-minute break, which she did in order to ask two students to go get her coffee and breakfast.
Her people skills and teaching abilities are extremely lacking. She never graded our assignments until the entire class said to. She gave VERY VAGUE crits and gave us random grades. She gave pointless lectures for the entire class & NO SYLLABUS. Unfortunately, my memory of class is so crowded with the condescending, insulting, unhelpful Priscilla.
will not be pursuing any further photo courses with this so-called professor
strict professor requires you to attend every lecture or else you'll do horribly in tests. Calls out people on their phones, talking, or not paying attention. She's lowkey kind of mean and talks way too fast, making it difficult to take notes. Doesn't cancel lectures unless she really needs too (which is never).
Out of 300 students I think only 100 passed with B+ or a C. 4 Exams one dropped a midterm and a final and a quiz before the final. Tests are very very difficult and questions are extremely tough. You must study constantly to succeed. Very strict and so many rules. Out of 300 students I think only 100 passed with B+ or a C.
Do Not Take Her Class. Half your grade is the midterms. And the Final will bring you up or down a Whole Letter Grade. If you are not able to attend every lecture, you will miss a lot of information and not do well in the class. Her tests are written in her own words, multiple choice, and are worded in a way that is meant to trick you.
AVOID THIS PROFESSOR. Not good at taking tests, this is not the class for you. Grading system of 400 points. We have 3 midterms, she drops your lowest score. Midterms are worth 100, So Half Your Grade. 6 quizzes, you take outside of class, are only worth 70. And the Final is worth 130. She offers no extra credit and is very rude to students.
She never followed the syllabus, the tests were extremely hard and she just had no flexibility and did not seem to care about students well-being
Would not take her class again!! She had test on Friday nights and would offer no make ups or reschedule for any conflict. She drops on exam but if you miss one on purpose she docks your grade 20%. had to miss an exam for a family emergency, and she offered no condolences or make-up options.
the tests are really hard and use a lot of trick questions/ convoluted language so it's easy to get things wrong. exams are scheduled friday nights and she does not let you work around it. Lectures are really long and very content heavy. NOT easy and not a very kind professor either. Avoid at all costs
For your own good, please avoid her. Entering the semester, I saw all the bad reviews he had but thought How bad could it be? Well, it is terrible. she is an unhelpful, man and she tests things she told us she won't be testing she makes sudden changes while not emailing the class. she is by far the worst teacher for geo take other teachers class
the tags ive selected is the opposite of this profession!!!! don't take her for geo she only base her grades on the exam which is hard and she don't appear to care about her class all that much just going through the motion maybe because it is online but access to her is hard she does not help students or reply email
take geo and science from this teacher if you want to be miserable she is the worst teacher in the geo department she does not care about her students or their grades she will give a exam once every 2 weeks and that is almost it for grades and the exam are hard which covers everything even things she told the class she wont be testing
the professor will ask questions she specifically told the class she won't be testing, no late acceptance, she doesn't give extensions to students even for good reasons, she does not really reply to email or appear to care about her student a lot. she is a tough grader with no extra credit or gives out assignments so if you do bad on a few you fail
after taking other geo classes she is one of the worst teachers for this topic her test has little to do with her lecture, she bases her grade on a project and 5 exams which is all hard compared to another geo teach. she doesn't help her student a lot and expect the student to do all the work themselves. if u miss a test she won't cant and you fail
Honestly I feel like this teacher just did many things to make our lives unnecessarily difficult. We had to use respondus lockdown browser to take a syllabus quiz, which also asked arbitrarily specific information. Were we supposed to memorize the syllabus verbatim? Did the teacher think she did a good job and this was practical to have memorized??
Please do no take this class she is an awful professor, does not care to help you. I struggled so much because she was not accommodating whatsoever. She grades super heavily and does not accept late work. I suggest taking anyone else but her. Also she gives you barely anytime to study so beware
If you are contemplating taking this class, don't. This professor was one of the worst professors I have ever had and I have never gotten such a low grade in a class ever! She is super harsh on her students and seems like she doesn't care about our wellbeing or success at all. She has super hard quizzes and tests almost every week.
This class put me in the position where I had to give thought if I wanted to continue my university path. This class was beyond awful, the professor would have horrible lectures and was very awkward in her pre-recorded lectures. The test/quizzes were filled with wordy and misleading questions, they were tricky. Don't make my mistake, pass on this.
SHE TAKES THIS STUPID CLASS WAY TOO SERIOUSLY. THERE'S BETTER GE CLASSES YOU CAN TAKE INSTEAD OF HERS. TOUGH GRADER, CONFUSING TEST QUESTIONS, WOULD NEVER TAKE ANY OF HER CLASSES AGAIN
This class seems simple: 4 exams (3 tests 1 final) lowest test gets dropped. One assignment where the average in the class was an 80% (tough grader). Every test there is about 8 one hour long lecture. For the final she only gives you TWO weeks to watch all 8 lectures and its worth 150 points where the other tests are worth 100. She's super critical
shes honestly rude to her students when you email her about a question. NOT understanding at all. I would not recommend her to anyone with a soul. If you like to work above and beyond with ridiculous standards set with no exceptions, you'll love her. I did not...
This teacher already has in mind what SHE wants based one exams and projects. She also makes disturbing jokes in her lecture which are borderline inappropriate. She has a project towards the end of the semester where the directions are so unreasonable. The class is interesting and yes she is a good teacher however her tests are worded confusingly.
Terrible teacher, 0/10 would not recommend.
The worst. The whole course is centered around lecture videos that are around an hour long. Theres about 10 lecture videos before each exam. Theres no assignments, only exams. Would not recommend if you are not a big test taker.
If you are a poor test taker DO NOT take this course. There is only 1 assignment and 4 tests that make up your entire grade. the tests are 75 questions a pop and are extremely difficult.
Do not take this class! The average was a 75 and she refused to curve because that was "too high". She is funny which is why many people previously gave her a good review but in terms of grading she is the worst professor I have ever had. Also the worst grade I've ever gotten in a class and I actually watched lectures and studied HARD.
Toke this class online. Have to watch 8-11 lectures 45 min-1 hr each. Interesting topic. 4 exams, drop the lowest score. Final is cumulative & can't be drop. Many students gets confused with her tests due to her inability to write simple sentences. Seriously, she can't write what she meant. A true natural disaster class for sure for everyone
absolutely horrible teacher in every aspect
I took this class when I was a Liberal Studies major and I still don't understand why we only could take this one class and why she is the only one teaching it! You have no choice but to suffer! You have to attend every class in order to get the clicker points AND THEY MATTER and then her tests are filled with trick questions... AVOID IF POSSIBLE
Very condescending instructor; she looks down to her students. Too much work for this general education class, and the exams are taken in class although the class is online! Avoid if you can. Definitely two thumbs down for this instructor.
Expects all students to be over achievers and thinks this is the only class they are taking. Questions on tests are worded in way that makes you not sure what is being asked. Jokes too much about death.
I still felt uncomfortable that one of her crew members would constantly stare at me while I took my test. My last comment got deleted. Not cool at all.
Her exams are tricky and unfair. Class is interesting, but hard to understand. If you are taking other classes, don't take this one because it drags you in. She doesn't give a lot of information to study and she doesn't give study guides for the tests, and she doesn't encourage her students, which is not teacher-like.
It's sad that I can't express my opinion on here without you people reporting it and taking it down. She just wasn't a great teacher for me. But I'm pretty sure this will be taken down as well.
Probably wont pass this class. She crams all these lectures and quizzes and the end of the semester as well. I don't like the fact that homework assignments and due dates are not listed on her syllabus. So out of the blue, a homework assignment will pop up and will be due soon. Some of us have work schedules and have to have more advance notice!
Will ruin your gpa !! Do not take any classes with her ! Bad choice
Let's be honest here, and please don't take my rating out this time. Although her video lectures are annoying and very long, she explains the subject really well, but she was rude and arrogant when I once stopped by her office. I have no problem with her accent, but I didn't like her demeanor. My teachers are usually much nicer than her.
Horrible Teacher. Interesting subject, but very annoying teacher. I wish I had taken some other science class instead of hers.
This teacher is very vague, I took this class online and her lectures are voice recorded, which makes it sooo hard to take notes. I would have much rather her archived power points and took notes from that. She is awful making you take a cumulative final on a Saturday! Her tests are hard and she makes this subject very boring. Stay away!
Her classes are very hard. Her exams are tricky and unfair. Class is interesting, but hard to understand. If you are taking other classes, don't take this one because it drags you in. She doesn't give a lot of information to study and she doesn't give study guides for the tests, and she doesn't encourage her students, which is not teacher-like.
Alright, as a person shes nice and cool, but as a teacher i find her to be incomprehensible and completely insensative to students who need extra help. Her tests are hard but if you go to lecture and can UNDERSTAND her then you will do alright for the most part. Alot of people have repeated.not saying shes a terrible teacher but she isnt an easy A
took this for ge but it was GREAT class, and she makes everything relevant. easy to understand, involved, attentive even with a large class. don't need the book at all, unless you miss a class or like it to supplement the lectures. it's hard though, because she doesn't cover everything in each chapter. tests are 100% from the powerpoints.
why is this woman a teacher? I'd stay after class to try and get her to help me because she has NO office hours. And yet, she was always in a hurry, she didn't care about the students. I don't get why everyone gives her such high ratings.. i thought she was horribler.
Very inconsiderate, good lectures, but she is never willing to help. She just doesn't care if her students do well or bad. No study help or explanations. To say the truth I've never known a teacher that is unwilling to tutor and has such a poor work ethic. I want to speak to the dean about this !
This class is impossible!!!
not a good teacher, not helpful...i don't recommend
HE is a nutball, totally loony. His tests are really hard and unclear. He gets right up in your personal space which can make sitting up front uncomfortable. He assigns about 5 readings a day which make it unpossible to keep up.
Tests are really hard, it is unclear where he draws some of his information from. Not helpful outside of class, just makes you feel stupid. Avoid if at all possible.
Very difficult. the tests did not measure your level of understanding at all i went to every class, read all the material, and studied for hours and hours and still bombed every exam. a lot of his questions are a matter of perspective and is unwilling to listen or have sympathy when you talk to him about anything.
i didn't really like him too much. he would tell us that concepts are important and that we didn't need to know numbers and then tested on details and numbers on exams. he isn't much help when you try to email him or talk to him outside of class either. he acts like "oh well not my fault, figure it out yourself"
He is the worst prof i've had yet. VERY unclear and doesn't have a clue what he's doing with most of the material. There is a huge amount of reading and you have to do it otherwise you'll fail... okay so maybe you'll fail even if you read! tests were very hard and confusing! basically try not to take him!!!!
Confusing, unclear, disorganized. His tests are awful, many confusing or unclear questions; we actually ended up getting 5+ questions back on each test because he goofed up. Doesn't explain things well, his Powerpoints are poorly written, the writing assignments are stupid; thinks he's a "grammar expert" but marks correct things wrong.
Worst Prof i have every had. You would be better off just reading the book and not coming to class because he makes the topics more confusing. Gives random quizes though so you have to show up. I will never take this professor again
Absolutely terrible. Going to class is pointless and a waste of time. He refuses to argue any points on tests when he doesn't understand a misinterpretation. Grades the paper difficultly, you get marked off for having an extra space or other stupid things.
Never take this prof. he SUCKS.
dont take this guy. nothing more to say.
The most difficult and stressful class ever! It totally ruined my GPA and I worked my butt off! I cant understand a thing he says and when I do he is contradicting himself. The wording of his tests is very ambiguous and misleading. He gets upset if you dont follow him.
this class sucked.he was very hard to understand.tests were hard and confusing.He did not answer questions very well.left you confused.it seemed as though he wanted to trick you rather than teach you or see what you learned.i suggest taking this course at CC or waiting til another prof teaches it.
he is extremely unclear. what he says never makes sense. don't take him it was horrible.
This prof. is awful. His English is unclear, and his tests are too. It's IMPOSSIBLE to get a good grade. He makes class agonizing to sit through. DO NOT TAKE HIM. Ask him questions and you'll just end up more confused. Made me hate the course!
Very Difficult Professor. Do not take this course from him. Worst Class I have taken at GVSU. BAD BAD BAD
Read the book, show up for the quizzes and sleep through or skip the lectures. You will not need to know anything besides what the book says, because he lectures straight from it. Very unhelpful, doesn't even care to attempt to learn (or pronounce) names.
i learned nothing.
he made me change my major.
This class is absolutely boring. Though that's just his personality, so you have to cut him some slack. Tests are a bit challenging but if you read and study the book carefully, you will do fine. He curves the class. Gives extra credit/makeup work assignment. I got a 97 in the class before the curve. Easy class.
Clay Tyler is quite possibly the worst teacher i have ever had. I may have gotten an A in the class but it was a struggle. 1/2 the class leaves 5 minutes into his lectures. Every test was a crap shoot, i got my best score after attending the least class. Class is the most boring thing ever, he just reads the slides. Terrible
If you take this class to learn, don't take Tyler!!! He should not be teaching if he knows how much we pay for each class and end up learning NOTHING! Never organized, assignements can change back and forth. Not interested in students at all, never reply to emails. Mr. Tyler, if you read this, can you improve a little for the sake of being a teache
He is so boring. He teaches off Power Point that came with the textbook. He is never in his office during office hours. He is not helpful. Shouldn't be a teacher! Take him if you can stand his boredom.
this teacher is a joke! he is not organized at all, he do not know what he is doing, there were people in class he asked for help while showing us a program, sometimes he just stuck, his grades are made with a dice! no wonder he don't remember anything. be aware this is your worst class!
very unclear, not orgize at all, later paper, never in his office during office hours, does not curve, lecture is a drag, homework is a big mess and short due time, avoid him if possible
Tyler is so imcompetent. He doesn't know what he is talking about. You suck!! This class was a waste of time.
Not a very great teacher. He is so vague in everything! Plus, he never replies back to emails nor goes to his office hours! This class was a waste of time. 3 exams, which includes MC & essay ?'s and non-cumulative, 3 projects, and 1 presentation.
worse professor ever! ppt is an exact copy of the book, boring lecture, vague about assignments, and plain annoying guy. tests are MC + essay. can get a B on test by just reading book the day of. class is not too bad if you can stand him.
need to help one-to-one
Terrible class. Slept through the class. Test questions started as, "According to your professor..." Take with another teacher and I am sure it will be better.
This professor will diminish any interest you have in anthropology. He lectures nonstop & nothing makes sense. However, he seems really passionate about what he teaches and is a nice man. 3 exams and that's your grade. They are not cumulative, but they are just like his lectures, hard to understand. Attendance is mandatory.
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. He is an awful professor, his lectures are long and if you don't fall asleep or leave halfway through you are gifted. He doesn't use slides at all, and what he writes on the board is illegible. I pass/failed the class because it would bomb my gpa otherwise. I can't stress enough how terrible this class is.
ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE TEACHER! Avoid this class if you can because he lectures the entire time, and if he does write on the board it is in his illegible handwriting. His tests are ridiculous and don't test your knowledge of the material. Many questions begin with "according to the instructor" and ask about particular things he has said. Awful teacher
WORST PROFESSOR. He is extremely UNHELPFUL. On the first exam I got a D+..with a 13 point curve! The next, I was determined to get a better grade, read every chapter and attended all lectures..got a D with a 15 point curve! I can't be the only one who is doing poorly..AVOID AT ALL COSTS. He sucked every bit of life out of the subject of antrho.
Worst professor ever, hands down. His lectures are so random and have nothing to do with the material. He rambles about his personal experiences that again, don't relate to the material. The lectures themselves are out of order. He had to curve the tests at least 10 points because everyone would fail. He needs to retire.
DO NOT TAKE HIM. He is a nice guy, and very polite, but he is not organized at all, lectures don't go in any order at all. too much reading for a 100 level intro course. Test a very hard and he always has to curve them because everyone does poorly and even then you still do bad. Wish i would have dropped or made P/F
DO NOT TAKE. Grade is based on 3 tests. Tests are wicked hard. I attended every class and did all the reading assignments and still got D+s on the two tests we've taken. He curved the first test 11 points and the second 7 but i still got Ds with the curve so it clearly didn't help too much. Had to make this class Pass/Fail to avoid ruining my GPA
Worst teacher ever!!!! Not helpful, yelled at me in front of other students, came to office hours and then turned away. Readings were disjointed. He was disorganized. I agree with another post... he needs to retire... NOW. A professor is supposed to mold minds for the future not make them feel like a failure.
If you are not prepared to read ALOT and if you are not planning on attending lectures, you WILL FAIL. In the syllabus he outlines a lot of reading and you need to complete all of it to do well on tests. Also, in his lectures have nothing to do with the text books and include examples of his experiences and random tangents so come to lecture.
This professor is the most boring, hardest to follow Professor I've ever had. He goes off on constant tangents and you can never guess what is going to be on the tests! The only advice I can give if you have to take the class is to pay attention to his examples and read everything he tells you to read in the books! but don't expect an A.
AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!! 3 exams are based on boring lectures that are jumbled up and way to quickly presented. You never know what's going to be on the test. I'm a freaking bio major and got a better grade in bio and chem than this 101 class.
terrible class. ALOT of reading. NEVER take this class. NEVER. worst class ive taken by FAR. boring.
This class was terrible, so boring. I did not learn anything, I managed to get a B, but its not worth it, if you are taking it for a group or multicultural requirement, take another course or another professor.
My least favored professor at UD. He would go on and on about insignificant stories. I could not stay awake most of the time unless I had two redbulls before class. If he was clear and to the point, it might have been a good class.
I taped one of his lectures. Every time I have trouble falling asleep at night I put his lecture on and I pass out in about 30 seconds. That's how boring he is. I never stayed awake for an entire lecture and did better than some people who did.
By far one of the worst profs I've had ever. Took this as an easy group rec..got a C+, went to every lecture, took notes, paid attention, and read the book. Lectures are extremely unclear, theres no organization to his classes what so ever. Half the time you dont know if what he's saying is important or just ramblings. Dont take his class!
AVOID THIS TEACHER. I did well in ALL my other classes (B or higher) EXCEPT this man's. He rambles about issues that are not on the exam AT ALL. I studied A LOT for his last 2 exams (out of 3 total exams) The first one I did not study much at all, just looked over the notes = D..2nd exam, did ALL the readings, reviewed ALL the notes = D+ AVOID!
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!! His lectures are impossible to follow. For the duration of the course i had trouble figuring out what we were supposed to be learning. If you read the textbook and stay awake in class, which is the hardest thing ever, you will do fine. Try to get a different professor if you can.
Absolutely DO NOT take this class. He is the worst professor, I cannot understand him, if you look around the room there are at least 20 kids asleep. His tests are impossible, he has a thick southern accent, and he never makes sense. Doesn't make himself available. This class DESTROYED my GPA
Avoid this class at all costs. It's just not worth it.
This professor rambles on and is unclear in his lectures. I did all the readings and reviewed my notes and yet ended up with a C on most exams. Do not take this if you want a good grade.
Has no notes or slides, extremely hard to follow. Rambles on and on about random tribes as examples that do not relate AT ALL to the topic we are covering. Rude and snide when asked any questions. Exams are extremely detailed and ask questions that do not test knowledge of concepts.
All I heard all semester was right, you can see what i'm getting at, i can't emphasize enough, i'll come back to that later etc. He does do discussions and he is the definition of an eccentric weird old guy. needs to retire! By far the most boring and awkward class!
Horrible class! I can never read his writing on the board, he talks about random things that DOESNT relate to the topic.. Avoid this class if possible
WORST TEACHER EVER. class is incredible boring. takes attendance every single day in 125 person lecture. he is insane. he goes off on tangents and doesn't make sense at all. tests are hard, lots of reading. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. i made a huge mistake by taking his class. i did not learn anything.
The worst class possible. If you have a hard enough time paying attention in other classes this isnt for you. He goes on and on and you'll never have any idea what he is say. He doesnt use notes or powerpoint which makes it even more difficult. Tests are difficult and he takes attendance in an 150 person lecture! Stay Away
You guys should totally take this class, if you're into being bored senseless three days a week and failing exams... I don't understand, this guy's been around, he danced the hokey pokey with trobriand islanders, he sat in saunas with Indian chiefs, why the hell can't he bring that wild side to class?!? But seriously guys......NO.
Material is dry, confusing but lectures even moreso. Weil is a nice guy with plenty of knowledge and experience but his style of teaching is all over the place, incredibly difficult to follow and off on tangents every which way. There are 3 tests, all 60 question multiple choice. Only permitted 2 absences. Don't take.
This class is rediculous! DONT EVER TAKE IT!!!! He goes on tangents and the class is so boring! Also his exams are long and hard!
Avoid at all costs...
Took this class freshman year. As a senior, I'm still regretful. There are so many other ways to get the multicultural requirement, so its really not worth it. Wouldn't let us fill out evaluation forms for him because he knew what was coming. Just avoid at all costs.
That last person is sick. THE MAN IS CRAZY. Honestly, last class I took zero notes. He went off topic so many times I was never sure when he would get to the point. BORING BORING. Likes to tell a story the last 5 minutes of class so you miss the bus...oh thats just me. Complete spazz during exams. !
Wow, horrible. First off, he rambles on and on about nothing, I leave class with about 1 sentence of notes. Second, if someone has a question, he just can't seem to answer it, he talks about something completely different. TESTS are ridiculous, he's constantly walking around telling you to cover
okay u have seen all these faces and comments all of them are true. this prof. has the highest bad rank and comments more then what he deserves. i think it's enough said About him. u old now and make up ur mind.
his classes are impossible & so boring he makes to stay more minutes after class for some reason he still thinks that he has more time. 3 exams multiple choice so hard all are from his experience nothing from the book. he change the format of the exams. he also freaks out during the exam
NEVER EVER TAKE HIM. he is the worst prof. ever ever ever. his exams are sooooooooooo hard he think that he smart when he change the exam format, and switch the order. but i was smarter then him with my own way i copy every single...and i got an A for each exam. hhhhhhhaaaaaaa
AVOID HIM I DON'T RECOMAND IT TO ANYBODY. his exams are very hard he gave you a multiple choice but he changes the order of the questions. he trick the student he put the first page the same but when you go on to the next pages they are all different. his questions are very t hard & nothing from the
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!! Weil is a really nice guy, but horrible professor. Rambles on and on and never really makes any sense. BORING lectures, hard to follow, can't read his writing, tests are hard as hell. (Again thanks to whoever it was who would yell "WEIL" in the middle of class every day!)
DO NOT TAKE HIM! Don't make the mistake I made. Boring as hell lectures, hard as hell tests. Looks like Bill Parcells or Bill Walton, take you pick. The best part of class is when some kid opens the door and screams, "WEIL!" It makes class so much more fun. Props to that guy, it took balls to do it.
HE IS THE WORST EVER! I COULD NOT "GEL" WITH HIS STYLE, AND I'M NOT DUMB! I MADE APPOINTMENTS WITH HIM, HE NEVER EVEN SHOWED! I ASKED TO REVIEW EXAMS BEFORE CLASS AND HE REFUSED. I MADE EVERY EFFORT TO GET HELP AND WITHDREW 3 WEEKS BEFORE CLASS
FIRST THINGS FIRST DON'T PAY THE SMILEY FACE PEOPLE NO MIND THIS PROFESSOR SUCKS. RAMBLES ON AND ON....WHEN THE TIME COMES TO STUDY FOR THE TEST YOU WILL SEE JUST HOW CONFUSED YOU ARE
Worst class i have ever taken. This man does not know how to reach his students. Extremely boring lectures. Not an interesting class at all. Take a philosophy class instead of Anthro.
horrible! what he talks about doesnt make sense.. and he takes attendance.. who does that?
I thought I failed the first test and I got an A and I thought I failed the second.. and I did.. this professor really sucks.. don't take him..
This guy blows. Never ever take his class. His lectures are 1hr 15min of nonsense that has no meaning at all. His exams are even worse. The first isn't too bad but it all goes downhill from there. The final is damn near impossable.
I still have no idea what this guy is talking about! Sewing machines on people's doors? Without the TA, I would be failing this course. Boring, STRICT on attendance, and not very helpful. If you have a choice, DO NOT TAKE THIS GUY!
IF YOU ARE GOING TO TAKE THIS CLASS, TAKE IT WITH ANOTHER PROFESSOR. SOOOOO BORING! BUT NOT TOO HARD, I GUESS.
you'd be better off killing yourself than taking a class with this ****
The WORST Prof at UD by far! If you're in his class DROP IT! Still have nightmares about his awful lectures (and you can't miss class - he takes attendance). Oh, and don't make a stupid comment/question - he'll embarass you in front of everyone :-P
there is no doubt about it: it's a bad class. very boring and his lecture is very confusing sometimes, and he takes attendence, which is actually good because if you miss a class you're in trouble. a lot of the test comes from his lecture unfortunately.
Got my first F of my college career from him. AVOID this class with him. Lectures are BORING..Tests-IMPOSSIBLE! One of the final ques. was "How does the poverty level in X country relate to the fixed income level of those in Bangladesh? Need I s
Occaisonally he does have a point... if you can follow it and not fall asleep first. Try to listen to what he's saying. But if you can get another Anth professor, DO SO!!!
He is the absolute worst professor at UD - heed to the warnings and DROP THE CLASS!!! I'm a good student and didn't think i was going to pass
teacher is an ****, mad me feel worthless and dumb, only wish delaware was aware his disgusting attitude...never take this class, save yourself
Avoid him like the plague!!!!!!! Treats you like a 1st grader but teaches like your as smart as the anthropolgists on the Discovery channel!!!! Tests are unfair and confusing!
DROP THIS CLASS- the teacher is unclear. He teaches the course as if he's talking to a group of experienced anthropologists. He gives boring lectures, hard tests, and very limited help.
WORST TEACHER EVER!! Only take this class with a different professor. His tests are impossible and he doesn't care about his students at all. So unhelpful...
Terriable Multiple Choice Exams. Worst ever. Not helpful at all in preparing you for them either.
I already took Anthropology and got an A+, yet I nearly failed this class...
Hands down the worst teacher at Del - avoid at all costs!
Doesn't breath between words and puts you to sleep! Tests very hard. WORST PROF
very unclear during lecture, boring, mandatory attendence
i already took anthro, but failed his class...HE IS TERRIBLE!!!! its so hard
pretends to be a nice guy, but is really the spawn of satan
makes it clear he is too busy to help students.
hell on earth
confusing & scattered lectures, HARD exams - take a diff B group!
What can I say? Its all bad. I wish I'd seen this website before I took the
idiotic prof...do not take his class..i am warning you
Boring, Irrelevent lectures. Horrible readings. Takes good course and ruins it
I didn't listen to this page :( he talks so fast i wonder how he breathes?my
worst class ever. take a different group "B"
Tests are not related to class lectures with specific questions from reading.
WORST teacher ever, tests are hard,dropped class mid-semester
lectures on irrevelent material, tests do not reflect lecture
Absolutely worst professor I've had. Rambles on and on about non exam material.
WORST teacher at this school. You don't need to be a "UD Moron" to fail this.
HARD Tests, VERY strict w/ Attendance
hard prof,exam r hard,class vry boring,dumb looking guy
If you listen to anything on this website listen to this: do not take this class
HE'S THE WORST
broing class, horrible professor. DO NOT take this class!
DON'T TAKE IT! class VERY boring, difficult, impossible exams, not a "101" class
Just terrible
he is the worst
he is soooo boring and I can not for the life of me stay awake in his class!!
peter weil is a very nice man, but boring as hell. he rambles and exams hard!!
Needed for multi-cultural credit, interesting class but hard exams.
This is by far the worst class i have taken here... he so boring!
Not the coldest beer in the frig
Do not take this prof. We were not given a syllabus nor schedule until multiple students contacted the head of the VMA dept. That was week 8. Her blackboard course was not open until the last few classes, and due dates were not given. She is incapable of operating technology. If you have a question, she will just walk away from you. AVOID
If you care about your GPA/overall sanity do NOT take this class. She claimed there would be a BB, but that was never created. I have no idea what my grade will be in this course, as she has not once handed back assignments, and has even refused to tell us what ones she claims are missing of ours. Talks entirely about her past and rarely teaches.
Waste of a class. She doesn't keep track of anything and goes off-topic a lot. She talks about living in New York at least 50 times per class. Does not know how to teach. There is no blackboard or syllabus. She does not keep track of assignments and will not tell you what you are missing/or your grade. Save your money, it's not worth the stress.
Only class Ive gotten a C in so far, and Im a junior. She misplaces students things constantly and majority of class time was spent just passing time staring at us.
Aweful, do not take her if you dont have to. She didnt give us a syllabus or set up a blackboard all semester. She kept changing when things were due and freaked out when me and my two other classmates were sick and missed class. Blamed me for the other two not showing up. Shes passive aggressive and wastes class time constantly talking about NY
Worst professor... Do not take her... She does not know how to teach, or use technology, or use blackboard, or explain assignments, or let students know whats due, or how to give feedback, or how to grade.
She is a nice lady however, she does not provide you with one grade till the end of the semester. Very unorganized. Didn't have any grading criteria. For the mid term grade gave a random grade and said that she had to put something in because she is required to, however hasn't graded anything.
I would not recommend taking Veenstra as a photo teacher, despite her experience in NY she always brags about. Very unorganized, takes the entire class time (3 hours) to explain one thing, and you will not receive a SINGLE grade until the end of the semester. I would find another prof for photo, unless you want to be confused the whole semester.
Victoria is not a good professor. She brags about having great credentials cause she went to New York etc. But she's unorganized, her classes are not structured, and she makes it a point to continuously needs to brag about herself and accomplishments throughout the entire semester. Do not take her.
Be prepared to never know what you need to turn in until she mentions it on the day the project is due. She's a confusing grader at best, and you won't even get your first project back by midterms, which is a huge issue because you won't have a clue on how she wants you to improve until the very end of the semester. Too many excuses from her.
Very hard professor to deal with. She changes due dates, and never, ever gives a project back on time. You can't get her feedback to improve, but she expects you to somehow know exactly what she wants. Grades off of her opinions, even if you meet all of the criteria, you can still get a poor grade. Grading systems WAY off.
She is moody and needs to work harder in making course content more clear. Some days she will be nice, others she is mean-spirited and ornery. She seems to not like her life, students or faculty very much.
She really isn't clear on anything and everything is a guessing game. I was however one of her 'favorites' so I got an A-. I won't complain!
I think I saw her smile once all semester long. She contradicts herself and should really take a class on how to treat people. Very unclear and critical. She even treats staff members rudely. She should definitely retire and do something else--not teach.
There aren't many options in this department but any of them are better than taking her. She has no humor and really doesn't treat individuals with any respect. Not the type of teacher you would expect at Grand Valley. If any administrators ever read this site, please think about replacing her. She zapped my interest in my Major and that is bad.
There aren't many options in this department but any of them are better than taking her. She has no humor and really doesn't treat individuals with any respect. Not the type of teacher you would expect at Grand Valley. If any administrators ever read this site, please think about replacing her. She zapped my interest in my Major and that is bad.
DON'T DO IT...she's the worst thing that has ever happened to my photography career.
This woman needs to take meds. She is a terribly mean-spirited professor that treats people poorly. Does she really think she is above all of us. Why doesn't GVSU get rid of someone that has no good-nature or passion.Don't take her unless you bring some meds to class for her to take.
she forgets when things are due and then yells at you when things arent done in time when she never gave a clear due date in the first place and when you ask questions she gets offended like you are insulting her somehow she goes on rants to the class making everyone feel awkward and subhuman, she plays favorites and she is a TERRIBLE professor.
WORST professor i've ever had. she doesn't explain any of the projects well enough to get a good grade - expects you to make photography your one and only priority - even if you are not a photo major. unagreeable, not helpful, and just a generally bad professor. DO NOT TAKE HER.
Just a horrible prof. Does not return assignments in a timely manner (we got our first project back after spring break). She is scatterbrained and does not give equal time in critique because she does not watch the clock well. Makes her students feel stupid and wonders why no one takes the offers to visit her in her office. Completely ruined my int
Changes her mind about assignments (or doesn't remember what she assigns, I honestly don't know...), doesn't seem to understand questions or is just too stupid to actually understand what students are asking. Is the reason I am no longer a photo major.
she's hairbrained and unstable only about 95% of the time and the rest is mostly busy work. worth it in the end because you produce a lot of work, but only if you can take her self obsessed personality with a grain of salt.
angry. just an angry hateful woman who treated so many people like they were subhuman--below her. again angry
Doesn't articulate what she wants from students, changes details on assignments midway through. Changes her mind to often to be helpful in terms of assignments.
Plays favorites, unclear about assignments.
Couldn't agree with you MORE!
you never know what she wants you to turn in, until you get your project back
Was unwilling to help even when direct questions were asked
She is very unclear and talks way too much on nothing
dear god stop the journals!!
disorganized, talks aimlessly, gives unclear and confusing instructions on work
Learned nothing from her, she spent almost no time on how to print, very unclear
She does not know how to teach what she knows. Not helpful!
Honestly, I resented every minute I had to spend in Drewel's class. Inconsistent, annoying, and extremely boring are the words I would use to describe her class.
Worse professor I have had in GVSU so far. Read the book. That is the only strength of this class and her contribution is zero. She uses those stupid teacher’s aids activities that aren’t suitable for even high school kids. In general class is very boring. I wonder why they call her funny, maybe because she makes silly faces. Don’t recommend her at
She's got far-left views that interview with giving a really liberal education (i.e., different points of view). The book is just WEIRD.
Very hard grader with unclear expectations. Even with rewrites available and utilizing the writing center, getting a good grade felt impossible. The quizzes are very time consuming and I learned nothing due to being wrapped up in getting the work done in time. His lectures don't help with the quizzes or papers at all. Comes across as condescending.
Lectures were pointless to go to because you didn't do anything, I only went for participation points. His class was extremely difficult because he expected so much. You need to know every detail of the chapter in order to do well on the exams. It was a ridiculous amount of work for a history class.
Prof O'Neill is an extremely harsh and unreasonable grader when it comes to an essay. The easiest way to earn points was through the weekly quizzes, but other than that it is very hard to maintain anything higher than a C+. Although he is very smart and generally nice person, I do not recommend taking his class at all!
His lectures are boring and you don't learn a single thing from him. He talks about irrelevant topics. He expects you read hundreds of pages and then doesn't talk about but maybe one small portion of the readings. Still an easy class, was just disappointing.
Dull, difficult tests. often insensitive. A lot of boring assignments
Its pretty apparent that Mr.Boe has short timers syndrome, he doesn't care about his students at all. I e-mailed him five times within the semester to set up an appointment and he never responded. He is retiring this year and doesn't care about teaching anymore. Luckily for you!
Worst teacher I've had. Class is so hard! I got an A on the midterm and the final and came to class everyday, but he still gave me a C in the class because he gave me no participation points, even though there is nothing to participate about! WORST TEACHER EVER!
I can't stand this man!! Can't he learn how to lecture!?!?!?!
He grades on purely ONLY Exams and homework. Each and every homework assignment is HEAVILY graded. Every little mistake results in less and less points. On day one, create a group and do the homework as a group. Otherwise, your toast. At times, he would assign homework due next class period without showing how to complete a common problem on the HW
She strikes me as the kind of prof who knows her stuff, but is absolutely useless when it comes to teaching it. She is dry, dull, and longwinded. I felt she was unapproachable and a bit cold toward students. The sad thing is she is the only professor teaching anthropology classes. Not an unkind person, but her class are certainly lackluster
This was the worst class i've ever taken. She is not helpful and getting the facts wrong.
This professor has by far been the worst I have ever had at Alma College. She is extremely condradictory during her classes, and is never prepared to answer questions. If you can help it do not take her classes!
Absolutely hated her classes. She rarely had a clue what she was talking about. She always has to be right. Her quizes were very pointless and the grading seemed rather bias.
I dreaded her classes. She hates to be wrong and will argue with anyone who points out a mistake she makes. Unfortunately, she is the only one teaching the anthropology classes.
Worst class ever taken at Alma, she doesn't get the nickname "bonehead" for nothing
Now that I have gone through school and am a college instructor myself, I've been reflecting on the teaching that I received at Alma. She was a total waste of a teacher. She said pregudiced things about other races and was a boring, no-nothing moron. Obvious lack of preparation for every class.
Can life get any more boring. Easiest classes in the world but complete waste of time. Soc majors, enjoy the 4.0's you will get from her class! Otherwise...DONT EVER TAKE HER! Got a lot of reading for real soc classes done during her class though!
Crazy lady! her class was a waste of time... no wonder no one went to it!
He is the most disorganized professor, doesn't remember what he has assigned & rushes through new material. He teaches NEW material that is covered on the test, the DAY of the test. It's impossible to take notes because he gets easily distracted and his explanations of new topics are unclear and confusing. I regret taking this class w/ him.
His tests were very unclear, he does not work with students, if you walk into his office he gives you the cold shoulder. In this class you translate stories that you barely cover in class. Everything is in spanish and he's very hard to understand due to his accent. He belittles his students in class and thinks he's always right.
I don't know why people thikn he is great. I thought he was obnoxious and not helpful. He seemed really bored with out class.
Marked you down for learning on your own
Tests are impossible, plays favorites with students, only will get an A if he likes you. Grades based on how much he likes you.
I just dont think he cares at all. No in class review or any outside help/ He has mentioned how he is retiring multiple times in the next year or so and its only week 3. He is not super accessible except for his office hours held at 6:45am-7:45am. Good guy, just does not want to be a teacher anymore.
Worst professor that I have ever taken. He doesn't care about students at all and doesn't want to be bothered by anyone. He tries to act nice by curving the exams a little but he also tells students to send him wine after he curves them. I would recommend never taking a class taught by this man. A complete jerk.
Worst professor I've had. Nothing he teaches in class is on the exams. He always has to curve the exam like 12% and we all still get Cs and Ds WITH with curve. Apparently he used to be good but doesn't care anymore. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.
Honestly this guy is the worst professor I have ever taken at UD and I've had some bad in the past. He is not a nice person and teaches NOTHING that are on his exams. All he does is stand up there and flex how rich he is. You literally need to memorize the textbook in order to do well. DO NOT take this professor - there cannot be anyone worse.
Go to class he gives random in class quizzes. Difficult exams but curves. Could not care less about his students, is very rude, and has 15 minute office hour appointments which is enough to say my name and that's about it.
Awful teacher and awful person.
Professor Bambach tries really hard to get his message across. However he just reads power points to you and does not use real life examples which makes tests difficult. Tries to create good relationships with students however come off as too much. Attendance is mandatory, 4 tests, project, attendance make up grade. I would stay away if possible.
Avoid at all cost. Boring lectures, tests are more about understanding wording than actually understanding material, claims he helps you a lot but office hours are only at 6:30AM. Poor public speaking that interferes with clarity of lectures
Getting an A is almost impossible, unless you like memorizing textbook details word for word. Lectures have nothing to do with exams but participation counts toward your grade. Read the textbook over and over again for your exams, take the presentation somewhat seriously, and go to class and you'll be okay. He really makes you work for it.
I hated this class. I am basically a straight A student but I found his tests impossible! His class is absolutely useless, he spends more time talking about how many slides are left in his pwrpt than anything that could show up on an exam. He seems like a cool guy and cares about student's careers but one probably my least favorite teacher.
I am a marketing major and found this class very difficult. The material seems easy enough but the questions on tests are really tricky. He has a strict policy and is arrogant; he likes to talk about himself a lot. Speakers/resume feedback are helpful but overall a hard grader and a difficult class. I don't recommend taking him!
never again. take someone else. exams are really hard and he just skims book topics and tests on detailed things he didn't go over. never again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Will set you up with a job or internship, but will not teach you anything that can't be found in a book. He's just not one of UD's top professors, or close to it.
he changes topics every three minutes, don't tell him u steal cable TV instant F
Not good at all. Don't learn a thing. tests are complete BS
Gives Test questions but never lectures and tests are hard.
His grading system for papers is horrible. In four years of college, he is the first prof that graded down for having a thesis statement!! Other than that, he makes class fun and interesting by showing different movies and leading interesting discussions
Stay away he's an awful proff says one thing and then wants another
She is ridiculous!! All she talked about was gingers, sex, and aliens. Her tests were so crazy and stupid. multiple choice answers were like A, B,C, AB, BC, all of the above, none of the above. She randomly picks people to answer questions and she loves suck-ups. AVOID JAN JAN unless you love being treated like you 12!
Bleh...shes so boring and teaches you like youre still in fifth grade. I dont think she has a degree in teaching, just a degree in making crappy PowerPoint presentations. If you can avoid her, do so.
I really got the sense that he had NO idea what he was talking about. I was really excited to take a class with him, but I don't see the big deal with this guy. He gave out so many ridiculous homework assignments and just wasn't very helpful.
DO NOT TAKE HER FOR 216! I can see why she would be good for higher level stats, but not for 216! She tries to separate the statistic majors from the non. She is unorganized and does not explain things clearly AT ALL!
Strict but great. Lot's of homework though
She is one of the worst professors I have ever had, undergraduate or graduate. The students do not learn a thing from her. You could learn more if you were self taught.
She will not teach you. You are expected to teach yourself, and then after you struggle to turn in atime consuming assignment, she explains things-very backwards. Also, she has a grader, so she does not teach OR grade, what exactly is she getting paid for? The material is valuable but unless you can teach yourself a foreign it will very difficult
Like the others said, way too hard for a 200 level class. Way too much work, way too pickey over stupid stuff, and not clear at all.
VERY UNCLEAR. Way to hard for a 200 level class. She is very smart, but goes through the material way to fast. Picks apart homework/labs/tests for stupid little mistakes. DO NOT TAKE HER unless you are a stats major.
STOP KISSING HER ASS SHE CANT HEAR U AND U DONT HAVE TO FEEL BAD FOR SAYING THAT SHE IS WAY TO PICKY WITH HER GRADING AND ABOUT THE ONLY HELPFUL THING SHE EVER DID WAS LET US DO GROUP PROJECTS WICH SUCKED IF UR PARTNER WAS A FLIPPIN IDIOT
The class is very hard, and she does not know how to teach very well.
She's not very nice, doesn't really attempt to get to know the students at all. Its crazy and I just farted
this prof sucks, if it delays you a year to drop her it is worth it
By far the worst professor I have ever had. That's all I can say.
I enjoy uncontrollable diarhea more than her class.
Considers doing a group lab in a group of people cheating...how does that work?!? She piles on homework like we have 0 classes or life. The average amount of time I spent outside of school working on homework for this class was about 10 hours.
This semester I have four A's and one C, in her class. I now know LESS about statistics then I did at the start of the semester. She does do a good job of convining statistics majors to change programs though. Don't ever take her if at all possible.
Because of her I dropped out of college and pump gas at Shell station. Absolutely horrible.
forgets that people take more than just her class!
If you have her, stab yourself in the neck now, save the torture.
Worst Prof I've ever had.
She was the worst prof i've ever had. She taught outdated material and barely even understood it completely herself.
She is awful. DO NOT take her classes PLEASE. She can mess up with her research if she has one, but she can not ruin the students. I wish I could give 0 points here.
I had Alka for CNIT 255. It was the most difficult class, not because the material was hard (it actually was pretty easy), but because she did not care about her students success. She is a very egotistic person and does not like questions. Everything she teaches is outdated which you will learn once getting an internship.
Alka Harriger is a teacher that does not care about how her students perform. The labs and homeworks are easy, but beware the lab exams and written exams. Lab exams have you write basically everything you've written in seven lab periods in one lab period. About 910 of the people do not finish or get close to finishing. Written exams are tricky.
Poor excuse for a higher-ed teacher, devalues my degree.
Pretty useless class and professor.
Professor Harriger might be a nice person outside of the classroom, but I am not a fan on the way she taught and organized this class. Wasn't helpful when asked for help, and was often unclear about assignment specs. Very inconsistent as well, her quiz and exam questions were often confusing. Learn programming concepts well before taking her class.
Messes up her quiz questions, sometimes her own code, gives participation points alongside with attendance quizzes, only gave 1:30 hours to complete the final exam instead of 2 because of she just felt like doing so. Just terrible.
Honestly, if you ever find out you are about to have Harriger for a teacher, kiss your good grades goodbye. She can't teach the material at all, messes up horribly on Lab Exams, like so badly that they don't even work, and you have points taken away from that. Quizzes are all trick questions, and she is so unhelpful. Wish i was kidding about this.
Her assignments are very unclear and will cause you to lose points because her lack of clarity.She gets her OWN quizzes wrong and expects us not too.  Messed up her own lab exam so bad that she had to turn it into a take home a exam?that?s how bad it was. On her first lecture exam there were more F?s?then A?s-D?s COMBINED
Read below first..Her assignments are very unclear and will cause you to lose points because her lack of clarity.She gets her OWN quizzes wrong and expects us not too. Messed up her own lab exam so bad that she had to turn it into a take home a exam?that?s how bad it was. On her first lecture exam there were more F?s?then A?s-D?s COMBINED?.
*CONTINUED FROM ABOVE* Her assignments are very unclear and will cause you to lose points because her lack of clarity.She gets her OWN quizzes wrong and expects us not too. Messed up her own lab exam so bad that she had to turn it into a take home a exam?that?s how bad it was. On her first lecture exam there were more F?s?then A?s-D?s COMBINED?.
Thinks her students are dumb. Funny thing too. She insist to think because she ?Co-authored??not wrote as she likes to think, also a book we are forced to buy and purdue publishes, makes her smart. She may be smart but she is a horrible teacher. She doesn?t care for any reason for missing class...you miss class you miss points.
Complete and utter moron. She is hesitant to bring up Visual Studio and code something because she knows she'll screw up. Pretty sure she steals code from Professor Lutes and then puts it into PowerPoint slides and puts her own copyright. **Only reason she is a professor is because she is FEMALE and FOREIGN. Purdue likes diversity even if they suck
Doesn't teach, nor really seem to understand the material all that well. She just uses Professor Lutes notes and tries to ignore student's questions. I have a lot of programming experience so I found the class easy, but if you're a net major or aren't a good programmer already this class could get ugly. TAs just about do the labs for you though
The sheer idiocy of this professor cannot be comprehending by typed words. She is, without a doubt, the worst teach I have ever had. She does not understand the material she teaches, nor it seems even simple subjects like high school math. To add to the annoyance, she acts like she knows it all.
I've had some bad profs but this one takes the cake. Very bias in her subjective grading. If you she doesn't like you, hold on to your hat. I am fighting her for 9 points /1000 to get B from last semester. Said I talked so much I was in risk of 0/50 for attitude but didn't say anything all semester.
i could write a book how how much I hate alka and cpt155. if you dont have to take it DONT. She is the worst teacher ever. Impossible to pay attention to, give hard ass 10 point weekly assigments, class project out of the scope of the class, the book sucks ass, i dunno what else. HORRIBLE
I didn't learn anything...
Teacher is beyond terrible... She doesn't make any attempt to explain the material, her expectations are on par for a 300 lvl course, and so much more to say... Unfortunately there isn't room to type it... JUST AVOID THIS TEACHER AT ALL COSTS!
Gave me a new meaning to copy and paste technology. Didn't learn anything, but how to copy others work and modify it to fit my own needs.
She is a teacher that has few, if any, of her students learn anything because her teaching. Seems to show no interest in helping students and pushes them off onto her TA more often than not.
Horrible prof.
This is a professor that puts code and the board and says "this works, use it." She doesn't explain why, or how it works, just that it does. Frequently has errors in example code.
Worst teacher ever!
she is so confusing that it isn't even funny.
Very little is worse than hearing her talk for an hour straight. Oh...remember your 255 id...
We're required to go to class, however, sleeping in class is a much better idea considering anything she talks about really only makes the subject more confusing
Here some free advice, avoid any of her classes like the plague. The only thing I honestly learned from her class was how to teach myself asp.net. God it must be good to have tenure, although how she got tenure in the first place remains the top myste
Purdue University should be ashamed to associate itself with Alka Harriger.
Alka Harriger is an insult to the meaning of the word professor. Of course, this wouldn't be the case if she actually knew any of the material that she is supposed to be teaching her students. However, she contiuely demonstrates her stupidity daily.
Unfair, and naive to material.
Instructor is not clear of intent of class. Too much material is presented.
teacher doesnt know course material, ver y ineffective teacher
Midterms & final were harder than necessary
she just reads her powerpoint EVERY DAY
This professor was awful- hated listening to her twice a week. Rarely attended lecture. Learned mostly everything from the book and just read over her power points. With a curve, got a B+.
She just called on people all throughout class, and would yell at you if you didn't know the answer to her question or did the reading. She also did not give clear feedback towards any of your papers and would highlight text but would leave comments. Do not take this class. She is the worst wring professor you could ever have
She is VERY picky about writing topics regarding papers and takes attendance VERY seriously. Does not help in finding other topics that would better suit her taste when she denies your topic, lowkey racist too. Just plain horrible, you're better off learning from a rock than her.
She is rarely clear on expectations and when she fails to teach the class somthing or forgets to mention an important factor of an assignment she blames students for not knowing what to do and if you ask she still blames you for not knowing in the first place. Posts vague expectations online and doesn't give examples often.
Very mean and disrespectful to the students. Don't ask questions you'll regret it.
Such a hard grader and will never give you the benefit of the doubt
This professor is EXTREMELY rude about needing to reexplain or clarify assignments. I had emailed her asking for help and she spoke to me in a derogatory and demeaning manner. Do not take this class if you are a person who might need additional help or explanations. She is also awful at responding to emails, so expect to wait at LEAST 4 hours.
My biggest regret is not reading reviews prior to taking her class. Extremely passive aggressive, gives primarily negative feedback, and gives unclear instructions. She comes off as a decent person sometimes but overall I can't stand her class.
The worst professor you can get for wrt, she is not understanding at all and gets very upset about everything. She will tell you to do one thing then when you do it continues to tell you that you did it wrong. She is not helpful at all unless it has to do with something out of class.
This teacher was a nightmare. I don't think I could fit everything into 350 characters. She was rude with every email she sent and did not give clear feedback. When I'd need help with something she would send passive aggressive comments. She stresses that she is open for office hours but students are hesitant to come because she's not approachable.
I had this Professor for a week before I dropped the class. I emailed her to tell her my books still hadnt come in so I wasnt able to complete the assignment given. She wrote back a really aggressive email saying that I SHOULD have the books and that she would email the writing department and if they had books, Id get points marked off.
Would not recommend at all.
Tamara Lubic is the worst teacher I've ever had. Her expectations are very unrealistic and her grading is incredibly hard. She has no problem signaling people out in front of the whole class and is very rude. She talks about her husband more then the course material. For your own sake, never take this class.
DO. NOT. TAKE. THIS. PROFESSOR. This was my hardest class because of her. My friends with other professors thought it was easy. I have a memo for anxiety and she totally did not even acknowledge it or care. I went to office hours all the time and she acted like all of my questions for her were an inconvenience. Hard grader, nothing is good enough.
To be honest, I did not like writing. She was kind of rude about any topics I wanted to write about. She gives great, but unclear, feedback on papers. I personally did not like her very much. The 3 text books you buy for this class are essential to have, if you don't have all 3, you will be marked absent.
Having this teacher will be the worst mistake you will ever make. Nothing is ever good enough for her. She will tell you to do something, you do exactly what she told you to do and yet she still finds a million things wrong with it. She has single handedly made my semester a living hell. If you decide to have her for a teacher, may God be with you.
Professor Lubic did not give very helpful feedback or clarity when asked how to improve your paper. In class work is pointless and boring, but class is mandatory (only 3 absences allowed)
Lubic is the worst teacher that I have ever had. She doesn't give you and helpful feedback, all she says is, "Has potential." I never got a paper that didn't say that. And when you ask her for help, she seems frustrated for having to help and gives you no straight answer. She shouldn't be a professor at such a good school. DONT TAKE HER.WORST EVER!
Do not take this teacher. she is not helpful and you can get a better grade in the class just for having a different teacher!
She could have explained how to do the assignment, rather than just telling us to write this or that kind of paper.
hated this teacher. she never responds to your emails. really hard. i asked for help but she didn't really help me. she didn't explain much. i wouldn't recommend her at all. and the topics she gives you for your papers suck
Run, run, and don't look back!
This professor is mean, cold and one you should avoid if possible. She thinks she knows everything, and will find something wrong with everything you do. She thinks she is helpful, but is FAR from it. The class is a waste and I would advise avoiding it at all costs. get out if you can!
If you like peer reviews and marks on your paper the day it is due then this class is for you. Oh ya did I mention she doesn't listen worth S*** you can ask her and she will just tell you something completely opisite of what you wanted to know, not helpful a total B**** get out NOW!!
she is ok, but really a B'otch! She thinks she knows more than what she does and claims she's helped you before even though you still fail...Nothing like peer reviews on the day its due...YEAH~ she sucks drop now!!
I hate this lady. I hate this class. It doesn't seem like she likes to teach. Kind of mean and bitter.
DROP THIS PROFESSOR!!!!!!
Lu**** is a terrible teacher. She makes this gen ed extremely difficult, and gives you papers that you could only write if you have had incredible life experiences, if you're jsut a regular dude it's tough. She rouined my 1st year at school.
She is a terrible teacher, she rips your papers to shreds...w/o willingly helping you to fix them!
This is the only class that ever made me cry. Lubic is a horrible teacher and I would reccomend students to never take her class. She provided bo help and was very inconsiderate.
she is the worst professor ever. she always states that she does not give a's in the class and she does a great job of tearing up your paper up infront of the class with smart remarks. she does not tell tell you want you are doing wrong.
DO NOT TAKE HER FOR THIS CLASS. She doesnt help at all. Very bad professor. I would not recomend anyone to take her for this class. It is hard enough, especially with a professor that doesnt help you at all.
She will make you hate writing more than anything you have ever hated anything in your life..Period.
Horriable Professor. She is great at ripping your paper apart in front of class. Isn't to willing to help either. Very unhelpful. You leave the class feeling depressed and incapable of writting. Huge on MLA!
the class itself isn't too bad. the only thing is that nothing is good enough for her. she'll tear all your papers apart, no matter how good u think they are. plus, i think she just likes hearing herself talk b/c she drags everything out.
This women is the most unhelpful person alive! She drags out, what could be a 15 minute class, into a 2 hour class! Get another freakin' professor or run for you life!
The worst teacher I have ever had in my life. She is very snotty and rude and flat out mean. She makes you feel stupid and rips on your paper in front of the entire class. I loved writing in highschool and now I hate it with a passion. Don't take her!
Horrible teacher! Only have a week and a half for a research paper? Only cirlces what you have done wrong, never tells you how to fix it. Actually she loves to talk about how the classes papers sucked. Word of advice,get out if your scheduled in her c
this lady isnt helpful she tells you whats wrong and not what to do. she is more monotonous than ben stein. don't take this class.
My major is Journalism, she is making me change my mind. She makes writing seem like a sentence to hell.
Not very helpful, not very understanding, harsh
She doesnt know how to teach at all! Assignments were very unclear and too much like the one before. She went way too fast with due dates and never gave any time to read other students papers. DO NOT TAKE HER!
I was excited about the class at first. She made me hate it. She read student's papers aloud in class making them feel stupid. She also had favorites. Avoid her if you can, run!!!
I used to love writing, she had made me hate it. Nothing is ever good enough for her, and your opinions on issues are always wrong.
Horrible teacher! Don't take her!
if there was ever a class that would make me wish to commit suicide, this is it
Simply wouldn't reccomend
It is very difficult to perform in strict 50 min. tests and your grade often does not reflect your knowledge. The class material itself is not all that hard, he makes it so. Is not really very helpfull in office hours and his lectures consist of example after example with minimal clarification.
I took several of his courses over the years and he always came across as overly pleased with his own smarminess (like how he got kicked out of Japan) and an obvious political shill...
His lectures were only for a hour and he always ran over, I left early everyday just to make it to my next class. His exams were a little tough, for absolutely never covering nearly enough material in class. So during his lectures READ AND TAKE NOTES. The textbook is key to passing, he is not.
Terrible experience with this professor. I was really excited to major in psychology, but this professor made me lose all interest in the subject. I hope to get another/different professor that sparks my interest once again.
All in all he is pretty terrible despite being funny I guess? He goes on long tangents of trash during the lectures He's terrible with his study guides too as he posts them 2 days before, oh and the final exam if you dont have his study guides the DAY they are posted dont expect to get them he takes them down and you're on your own lol
His lectures are never actually about what he claims they will be on. He spirals into tangents and rants that take up most of the class period. If you read the book and attend the lab you will pass this class; actually attending the lectures never helped me a whole lot. It has the potential to be an awesome class; just don't take it with Leith.
Skip the lecture and just read the book and do the study guide
Not a good professor
His lectures were long and boring and overall, pointless to attend. He would ramble about things not pertaining to what you were supposed to be learning about. He would give wrong information a lot of times. He wouldn't go to his office hours or respond to emails. He made a class that I thought was going to be fairly easy, quite difficult.
Lectures are long, boring and are more about his past experiences than the actual material. If you don't read the text, you probably won't get good grades on the tests. Tests are difficult. He was difficult to understand at times and quite confusing most of the time.
All he does is ramble about unrelated things such as the roman catholics and astrology
Though the course work is interesting it's because the text chosen was good and not because Leith was a good professor. Sometimes he was difficult to hear and used his visual aids in a somewhat pointless way. I would suggest taking the class but if you can, take it with a different professor.
BORING. i stopped going, except to get the study guides.
Didn't learn anything interesting in class, but the book was helpful. It's a very easy A as long as you do some of the reading and the study guides. 47% is still passing, and with lab making up 25% I think it's impossible to fail. P.S. It's hard to concentrate in class with Leith being such a sexy man!
A typical liberal studies class that's only purpose is to earn revenue for the university. It is a complete waste of time, lectures are even worse than SO 101. If you need a lab class, take the anatomy one instead. You won't regret it.
Who ever takes this class may God have mercy on your soul. He's off the wall with his teachings and nothing makes sense. good luck with this one!
terrible. if you don't have the time to teach yourself the entire course, don't bother. syllabus was 3/4 of a page, lectures were useless, the study guides came out the day before the test... tests were postponed because he couldn't get his act together enough to make the guide... which sucked. little to no guidance. overall, i'd say avoid.
Do not take this class with this teacher! He is extremely boring and is very hard to understand. DO NOT RECOMMEND--boring!!!!!!!!!
Go to class 10 minutes before it ends in case of homework quiz, go to all labs, completely fill out the study guide, and you should be able to get a B or better.
Boring! No need to even attend class. Just go to the study groups and read the book and you'll do just fine in the class. I found his lectures mainly irrelevant to the tests.
I hate his grading, his tests, and his lectures when he isn't off topic. He kicks ass when he talks about anything other than philosophy though.
PERHAPS THE WORST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED IN MY LIFETIME. HOWEVER, IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO LEARN ABOUT DINOSAURS OR THE STIMULATION OF VESTICLES THAN DR. LEITH IS THE MAN FOR YOU.
He is so boring I could barely stay awake in class. The material wasn't confusing but its the type of class where you never know whats going on but have 100% in. Assigns way too much reading that you don't need to do. Easy quizzes every week, attendance not mandatory. Grading criteria is confusing but he gives 100% for everything anyways.
Hated this class just because of how he talked. The work was easy and I didn't do any of the reading but still got a good grade. He talks about his opinion on different subjects regularly and its really annoying.
He is so monotone and hard to follow in lectures. He assigns ways too much reading each week for a 100 level class. When I fell behind and reached out for help to catch up he basically told me to go screw myself so I withdrew so I wouldnt fail.
I took prof Cornish for intro to human rights and there were 15-20+ page readings for each class MWF. He doesn't seem quite passionate about the material (he doesn't call on students to participate tho) At the end of the semester, there's a big book report, another paper, then a quiz portion. The demands for a level 100 course are quite excessive.
Professor Cornish was easily the worst professor I've had at GVSU. While it's evident that he knows the material really well, he has a major problem conveying the material in such a way that is clear and understandable to someone who is unfamiliar with course material. His lectures were dull and basically consisted of him rambling on. AVOID.
He's a world class-jerk. Doesn't care about anyone or anything but himself. Very arrogant. Not helpful and very rude and inconsiderate of others. Likes to talk down on people if they answered one his questions in his lecture classes. Goes off tangents and uses fancy words and confuses people
I BEG you to take another prof. This was the worst ever. He is terrible, grooms himself and thinks he is all that. Imitating to see him @ the office. Not helpful, and all directions are vauge.
He is very arrogant and stuck on himself. The worst professor I have had. DONT TAKE HIM. Very rude to students in class and will not explain his grading policy especially participation points. Lectures are hard to follow and understand
horrible, this class is very boring and i would recommend that you dont take it
interesting combination of being a pretty poor professor and an overall not very nice person all at the same time. this class was a real dissapointment. i would strongly urge anyone who has time to find a different section. a semester is a long time.
Easy class turned difficult with a spacy professor. Has a fetish with telling cheesy jokes and he does this funky thing with his lips. He makes you not want to go class, because he is so boring. Rambling tendancy.
when i asked for help he said no! so boring, dont take this prof, almost made me change my major!
belittling, condescending, arogant, angry, and boring
a political scientiest not a teacher
Poor teacher all around
>.< awful teacher, easy class. she puts on movies then leaves. doesnt care about teaching.
Don't do it!Lectures extremely boring and she rambles off about all the places she's been to and the African languages she speaks..who the hell cares if its irrelevant to the course?!Completely arrogant and unnaproachable..very unsocial and just plain dry.Class way to difficult for intro level.Dont waste your time..
Worst teacher I ever had!
I thought he was a really bad teacher and gave me no help.
Extremely arrogant individual, picks on students in class and dosen't seem interested in helping you.
Didn't explain things well. Left us hanging when we needed help. Also picked on students
He doesn't explain things very well in class. Likes to pick on students in class.
He does npt know how to teach. He needs to sit in a conference with Mr. Derch.
He's is arrogant and does'nt care about teaching
She's a nice lady and all. But if you don't do the reading, she will call you out on it and the class grade is primarily based on the midterm and final. She's not very clear with what she expects and doesn't tell the criteria until AFTER the fact.
No rubrics used, so requirements for assignments unclear. Does not teach skills helpful for business, just facts you can Google. Makes it clear she rarely gives As and grades tests harshly. Did not submit one individual writing assignment in this advanced writing course. Unacceptable for advanced writing course! Avoid this professor at all costs!
Nice lady, not a great teacher. Very hard grading on the only two test essays. Homework load was never a problem, but class discussions were typically very dull and lacked inspiration.
Do not take a class with her. She's a really harsh grader. It's literally impossible to please her. There are few opportunities to improve your grade and she is beyond helping you. I liked the material, but she is a horrid professor.
If you cant take notes (since she is so soft spoken and boring) then you will fail every test. She will ruin your life and definitely your GPA RUNNNNNN!
I have never worked so hard in my life for such a crappy grade. She sends you off in a group and it ended up being the worst group I have ever had to work with. If you are trying to study for a test you better study every single word that comes out of the womans mouth because she will throw in the most ridiculous things. DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER.
RUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!
she is the worst professor i have this semester. I dread going to her class every week. She's extremely boring and if you don't understand something the way she wants you to, you're wrong!
By far the worst prof. I've encountered in my 3 years at MU. There's no timeline for exams and she actually argued with the class about telling us about an exam when she never said a word. DON'T TAKE HER!
Horrible prof! She could really benefit from taking some classes on how to teach. She doesn't provide rubrics for grading, so it seems that she randomly creates grades for papers (B or lower - she apparently does not believe in A's). Stay away!
horrible prof. The only thing she wants to hear is her own voice and opinions. she isnt even a nice lady. stay away!
I never received a grade below an A- in any writing class at MU, that is, until I took her class. Run fast, and far, away from any of her classes. Seriously.
she's very unclear with what she wants from you and you end up doing poorly on all your response papers because of it. her opinion is the only one that matters--even if you have a different interpretation of a story you just read. stay clear of her if you want a good grade!
Her opinion is the only possible right opinion. I hate that. You're not allowed to have your own view of a story that you just read, it's automatically wrong. The stories she had us read were bogus anyway. A bunch of crap.
This class was not only the most boring thing ever, but the prof was horrible. The only thing I found interesting about her were the various excentric shoes she wore each class period. Don't expect to come out of this class with a good grade... or having a very positive attitude about English!
Groups were not flexible, teacher did not help!!
She's like a little hobbit jumping all through her notes and lecture; her commentary assignments are a waste of time as we're never actually on task or on the right day of assignments she gives, so, we never get to discuss them. Don't miss a class.
TAKE MARY RICHER!!!! this lady is horrible, although clear and precise is her theme, she herself is far from it. i think she'd find flaws in hemmingway! must memorize precisely stupid info for exams, very very hard
She is the most boring woman on the face of the earth. I wanted to kill myself every time I had to go to class. Takes attendance, so make sure you get notes you miss. Tests are difficult.
Horrible. Simply horrible.
If you are a male, do not take this class. If you are female, hesistate and still do not take this class. She is, by far, the worst professor I have EVER had.
why is this woman still teaching? she does not want to put the work into doing it, but demands the fulfillment of the most banal of details. this is the class that has been the biggest waste of time in the history of time.
WOW...perhaps the worst prof of my entire college career. She will listen to you...then tell you that you are wrong 20 minutes later. She is a MAD FEMINIST and seems to hate (and not pass) and male that takes her. If you arent an ENGL Major...forget it
Every time you see a 1,1,1 you tend to think that the person is upset and exaggerating. Well, that's just not the case at all. The worst professor I have ever had.
You can get three grades on your commentaries - a check, a check plus, or a check minus. No matter how hard you try... you won't get the check plus. I doubt the check plus really even exists.
i'm pretty sure she's the worst prof i've ever had. she listens to you answer, then says, "not quite" before you go around the circle for 15 minutes to find out that the answer she's looking for is the one in her head that no one else can come
You are always wrong, don't expect to ever have your opinion heard or accepted. Nothing but her ideas are correct
ridiculous
She likes puppets: if you can repeat all she's ever said, you'll be fine. In her class, your perspective is always wrong.
does not give a's and does not like people who disagree with her
nonsense
She has no idea what she's doing. I come to class everyday, take what little notes she gives us, and pay attention. When she does problems on the overhead though she always gets them wrong and has to ask students for help. If you're required to take this class and actually want to pass, do yourself a favor and switch out of her class.
She grades incorrectly and frequently gets the toal number of points wrong. Don't try and go to her office to show her that she graded wrong, she won't listen and will yell at you. Absolutely horrible. Rearrange your schedule to get out of the class if you get her!
Terrible. She does not teach much at all, the class always ends up explaining it to eachother. She needs to be GONE!
TERRIBLE!!! Avoid this professor unless you are great at learning on your own. She doesn't fully problems on the bored. Her notes are very hard to follow, and she doesn't give you time to write your own. Lectures are very fast and she doesn't like to take the time to go over something more then once. Never answers her emails even ones about exam
Unless you are really good at learning on your own, avoid this prof. She never writes/works out an entire problem, and refuses to allow you to ask questions until she is finished speaking, which was usually 10 minutes later...when you forget what you wanted to even ask. Not helpful at all and very scatterbrained.
she is the worst teacher I have ever taken. Its a chem class and she doesn't even bring her calc to class and her math on the practice problems she wrote was wrong.
She was horrible!!!!! She doesn't ever start on time and then goes over at the end. She doesn't know how to teach and confuses people on the simplest things. She seems like a nice person, but she needs to find another profession!!
She isn't very clear, the material on the exams doesn't follow the lectures. Doesn't make much sense, isn't a very good professor.
In five years of college, I have never had such a terrible professor. I switched majors and have to retake this class for my gpa. With any other professor and some hard work, this class is passable.
Her exams were very long and sometimes very confusing. Could never take time out of her busy schedule to help me.
HORRIBLE PROFESSOR!Run while you can!Very unorganized,unclear,never available. She always says "email me" and will NOT respond to emails. Has many excuses for not getting things done. All tests are too long.Smart woman but has no idea how to even use any graphing calculators. You'd think,teaching a college level course,that she'd learn that!
Worst professor I have ever had. She never knew what she was trying to say in lecture, and notes often confused many people. Every test given was longer then the 50 minutes given to take it. If i had to do it all over again, def. wouldnt have taken her.
Gets confused by her own lectures. She's organized enough to use powerpoint--but she stumbles over math regularly. Makes errors on grading regularly--One problem can be worth 2 points or 5 points depending who you are. Complicates simple concepts.
Dr. Soman is very smart, but she is a horrible teacher. Shie isn't mean but I would never ever suggest her to anyone as a teacher. Definitley skip taking her section if at all possible!
She doesn't know what she's talking about... well I'm sure she does, she just can't communicate it well. People with great chemistry minds often don't have great teaching minds- Dr. Soman is one of those people.
Smart woman, terrible teacher. Takes relatively easy concepts and makes them horribly confusing. Really unorganized, slow at grading assignments.
incredibly smart woman, horrible teacher...ask her a question in lecture, you will be entertained by her completely irrelevant answer:)very interesting grading scale which i could not figure out (calculated C-, got a B+...no complaining here)
She SUCKS. Her accent is kind of cool. But other than that she cannot explain ANYTHING. When you ask her questions she gets easily confused. I dont know how she still has a job.
she isnt that helpful, and the online homework can be confusing
she talks very fast and is not very clear or organized i hated this class and wish g.v.s.u. had better chem teachers
Get out now!! otherwise GOOD LUCK
Very Difficult to follow, talks in circles, you will have to work very hard
Get out while you still can! She is horrible!
A-V-O-I-D!!!!!!!!!!!!!
knows her info but can't teach it, tests over things she doesn't teach, ihateher
Only knows how to explain things one way. Tests unrelated to lectures
Somanly is not very clear and doesnt care about her students
Very confusing prof. Doesnt care that students dont understand. Stay Away
She doesn't follow the book, she always concradicts herself, shes confusing
Maybe she should teach something besides chem
Run far far away, she makes things harder then normal, bad prof
should go back to wherever she's from
Makes bad anologies about Pregnant women and weight lifters, hard to understand
Thanks goodness I've had some equivelent chem classes otherwise I'd be lost.
Can't teach for ****
Test are completely off base from the covered material.
Hey If your not smart like me this is hell's waiting room.
hard to understand,late with posting grades,don't take her
She is hard to understand and follow, late posting grades, too fast-hard stuff
very rude
hey mon'. don't take her class mon'.
Super difficult class, but it doesnt need to be. His lectures were incredibly dry. The only good thing is that he was very accessible outside of class via email.
Trust me you want to stay away from this particular combo of 570 and prof carroll. He is usually a hit or a miss. If you are great at C and barely need him, this class should be somewhat manageable else you are in for a ride. Try to get it over summer because you ain't getting help from prof. It's a no guidance, high expectation class imo!
This class was absolutely ridiculously HARD. I spent so many hours and days - Saturdays, Sundays, essentially EVERY day I was working on the homework for this class... and still getting bad grades. I missed so many family gatherings. This class is so stressful and hard. You should only take this if you feel extremely comfortable with the material.
It's his way or no way. Marks things wrong because you don't do things exactly like he does. Funky wierd guy overall. Whats with the cowboy boots and hair?
:(
I am so serious when I say AVOID taking this class. I am an A student, but received a solid C. I did everything that I possibly could to pass and put my blood sweat and tears into this course , but it was not enough. If you got an A, you must be a wizard of some sort.
She is HORRIBLE. She has a bundle grading system that make no sense at all. Throughout the whole class I did not learn anything. I could have received the same grade if there was no professor in classroom because she did not do anything. When doing projects she is incompetent in giving feedback. I would avoid her at all costs. STAY AWAY!
HATED thus class. The professor teaches about how to teach students with learning disabilities, yet when you ask for help all she does is tells you to go to the student disability center. I would never recommend her.
Just horrible. Completely incomprehensible, two enormous projects in the last week of classes without any explanations, makes you feel useless in her feedbacks, really really low average grades for the whole class.. Don't take her by any means, run as fast as you can!
Extremely difficult material with little clear guidance.
Very hard! Lots of stress and work. Not clear information.
UNSTABLE! Acts like questions are personal attacks. How can I get a 95 on all other assignments and get a 62 on a test? Blatently explained she gives us harder stuff than her grad students. Seriously don't take her class until she gets a labotomy!
The exams are really hard because they're applicational. Plus, the way this class grades essays is truly inconsistent. I worked on an essay with a classmate and our essays have the same format and we proof read each other's papers. However, he end up getting an A where i got a low C. That is not fair grading on essays! So, watch out inconsistency!
See you again in summer school krentler.
I hated this class because she made the class sooooo boring. I did all the online participation along with the experiments and still gave me a D. Do not take this teacher.
THIS **** WAS THE MOST HORRIBLE PROFESSOR THAT I HAVE TAKEN AT STATE SO FAR. SHE IS EVIL AND OUT TO GET YOU!!! DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS BECAUSE SHE IS OUT TO GET YOU! HER LECTURES ARE BORING (HER VOICE IS EVEN MORE ANNOYING), SHE KEEPS YOU TIL THE LAST MINUTE, AND HER TEST ARE TRICKY. THIS WITCH IS BY FAR THE WORSE PROFESSOR AT STATE.
Avoid her. She has difficult tests and a comprehensive final. Kind of paranoid about people cheating on tests. makes you take off your hats and wear short sleeves during tests. Do all the participation points because those help a lot. but, try and take someone else because she is hard and kind of boring.
AVOID THIS WOMAN!!!! she is so hard, and she has this annoying screeching voice ughh god i dont even want to think about it! her class was so hard, her exam questions are so tricky! even if u study ur still bound to get a D on the exam! if u can than avoid her! unless u want to devote the whole semester to her class!
TERRIBLE teacher! I still cant believe how extremely rude and unhelpful she was in her office hours. I had the same answers as my friends for short answer, but she gave them full credit and me zeros! A lot of other ppl had this problem too. She's BORING and her class is a joke. Take ANYONE else!
She is awful! I wish I had never taken her class because I feel like it was a waste of my life. Her tests are brutal...especially the short answer part. Do not take her unless you have to or you will have to suffer listening to her screeching voice and her boring powerpoint slides. :(
She should not be allowed to teach. Class is aweful. She knows material but has the worst possible ways of explaining it. I saw comments on here and thought how bad could it be...what a mistake that was. Don't take it!!!! You will be sorry!!
All I can say is that after taking this class, I CHANGED MY MAJOR.
Very possibly one of the most inept teachers I have ever encountered. She was clearly unable to talk about or answer anything that did not come directly from the text or powerpoint. SDSU could save her salary by running a film.
The best ambiguous manipulation of common sense material I have ever seen!
Her lectures were boring, She is mean, I learned some interesting facts but her tests were very hard, the case study is an easy grade booster if you spend a lot of time on it.
BORING!! Her voice is so annoying, and the class makes you want to sleep! She can't teach! Don't take her! If u do, just read the text because her lectures are torturous and she's not very informative! Overall, just bad teaching skills!
HORRIBLY boring class, she makes tests harder than they should be.
Hard grader and not helpful
No curve, horrible grader, no review for tests, everything out of book/slides
Worst prof ever. It's not impressive that he knows HIS own material. He wrote the book, sold it to you and then tested YOU on it. IF I wrote the book, would you congratulate me for "knowing material"? I got a C in his class, then went out and made a million my 2nd year after graduating. Let him know he's an **** next time you see him.
Save yourself from taking this class again and skip out on this teacher. Yes, he is the only one that is left after reg-date but trust me, your GPA will suffer. Otherwise turn to A+ review.
Terrible teacher. Tests are not from lecture - I went to every class and got a D. Buy the HP 17B calculator and learn to program it, the TI (that Gitman wants you to use) will not help you at all.
get ready to work your butt off for a passing grade. He just teaches to feel good about himself, take some one else, i know 2 people who got A's, i think U have a bigger provability of winning the lotto while a shark is eating U and lighting striking U.
Don't bother going to class when he's the one who wrote the book and the study guide! Read those and you'll be fine, I got an A in the class while rarely attending. Just don't ask him for any help - you won't get it.
I hate him.
I hated Gitman; he's rude, inconsiderate, and unhelpful. A+ Review DOES NOTHING TO PREPARE YOU FOR THE HARDER, FUTURE FINANCE CLASSES. Find a private tutor to work with from the beginning or you will be way behind down the road.
TRUST ME DO NoT TAKE THIS CLASS...he is a very bad professor and he never helps...just avoid him at any cost. waist of time and money
Do NOT take this class! Has been the worst teacher I've ever had, and the most arrogant and unwilling to help students! Doesn't even let you ask ANY questions during a test for clarification!
This guy will treat you like a dog. He won't give a crap about you/ makes fun of his own students. not helpful at all. He is hated.
Very poor human being. He should learn manners and should have a helpful behavior towards the students. Very Inconsiderate.
He gave a girl an F on an exam because her calc. died
AWFUL. Everybody eles comments say it all
Horrible!!! Not helpful, laughs at students!!! Loud during tests!!!
Horrible Professor, don't take him
Find a tutor who knows the HP 19BII and the textbook!
Hard class...
This class drives me crazy. Each lecture is her just slamming us with endless concepts. It all seems self explanatory, until she gives you the definitions for the terms - they're obscure and annoying. The entire class revolves around memorizing what she says, it is not enjoyable nor helpful.
This subject is actually really easy, however I'm convinced that every professor who teaches this tries to make it harder than it seems. This is my 2nd time taking this class and I decided to take this professor but she's not any better than my previous professor. I'm not sure what advice I can give you- all the professors suck for this subject.
Just dont take her. I walked out of each test thinking I got an a ONLY TO SEE I GOT A C EACH TIME! She is terrible and vague. Lectures way too fast and doesn't seem like she cares since she only teaches this one class on this time slot.
Terrible
She makes her lecture very easy while her exams are way difficult to handle. Her exams questions are based on applying theories into real-life examples which it can be hard sometimes. Very tricky, not recommended!
don't like about it
Super easy. Yeah right, she has lots of trick questions on her test
dont take her. her lectures are ok ( gets her power point lecuters from book's website). her tests suck a$$. very confusing. hws are very easy. dont need to go to class. overall she is a nice lady. just take someone else!!!!
Her test are confusing and her final is comprehensive very tough professor. I suggest to look elsewhere for a professor. Although she is nice to talk to and approach.
:(
She provides a study guide but it doesn't help. easy to comprehend lectures but test time comes you think you have the right answer turns out its wrong. Trying taking another professor if you can if not then stay in her class it'll be a long semester.
she sux, dont take her.
she sucks, her tests are very confusing, don't take her
I came here to learn not skate
I have no use for the lack of learning. I paid good money to learn.
It's difficult to teach what you don't understand. Someone with REAL knowledge of the sunjects would be most helpfull
Most confusing class I've ever taken. Learned nothing.
Could have been an interesting class if she wouldnt have taught it!! She was awful. Not punctual and doesnt follow through. Exams and notes are a joke! dont bother buying the book, she does the readings for you!
you'll be lost in next class you take since she doesn't teach anything
why even go? just give me an A
Mr. Ivey is rude. He has a fake front. I used to think he was nice and understand, but he is not. He pretends to be nice to you and as soon as he steps away he starts whispering to other class mates and co workers about you and making fun of your disability. Via email he is extremely rude. Also fails you for all assignments if anything is day late.
All he talks about is football, his kids, and his ex-wife. Didn't learn a thing.
Sucks worst prof at St. Lawrence to date. Talks about his kids all the time, dosen't know how to teach. Concieted and petty. Never take a course with him, save yourself, and your grades.
he only likes you if you agree with him, otherwise he might threaten your professional relationship ("I'm on the board that selects students who get fellowships; I hope this won't affect our professional relationship"), might conveniently "lose" your work...
Arbitrary grader, unclear syllabus, learned nothing in the class, quantity not quality, he is condescending, offensive, and not helpful. I wish I hadnt taken this class and I dont recommend it.
WARNING!!!! Do NOT take this professor by any means! I have never had below a B in a class before and can not even get a C in this one...and I am a CLASSICS major in a classical lit class! The man is impossible, calls you stupid when you ask for help and is the most unfair teacher I have ever met. DO NOT TAKE HIM!
Easily the worst professor at the university. Arrogant, elitist and condescending, he doesn't even know how to pronounce "Deuteronomy" despite his "credentials" as a chaplain and such. Poor class planning...nothing due the first month and then EVERYTHING due all at once. Class could be interesting but his ego gets in the way
This professor is by far one of the worst I have ever experienced anywhere. His instructions were never clear and he was rarely available for help. His syllabus clearly states that he does not assign A's, so don't expect one. This man is extremely arrogant and condescending. AVOID THIS CLASS AT ALL COSTS!!
Three words: useless, vague, and arbitrary. That sums up this man's teaching and grading. I got my first C+ on a paper in this class, and I'm a Dean's List English major. He'll love you if you participate, no matter how inane your comments. He's a ditz who holds your grade in the palm of his hand. BACK. AWAY. SLOWLY.
Took CD-Rom course, which made this difficult class even worse. It shouldn't have been that hard (it's a 200 level class!), but this guy assigns the most meaningless assignments ever. This class was more stress and busywork than all the others I took that semester put together. DON'T TAKE IT WITH HIM, you'll thank yourself that you didn't.
ugh... so so so annoying and i cant stand the man... i agree with all other comments... dont take him you will regret it!
By far the absolute worst professor I've ever had. This class will actually make you dumber. He's exceptionally arrogant and condescending. His writing assignments are insultingly basic. Makes you label the "five parts" of each paper. Gives arbitrary grades. A waste of my time, my tuition and my intelligence. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROF.
What a waste of time. The whole class was structured around comparing Biblical and Classical works to such relevent films as Mad Max, Grand Canyon, some completely terrible Alec Baldwin movie, and other such drivel. What was the point of me taking this class?
This man is an absolute a**. Refused to meet with me after he assigned rewrites. Told me he would laugh if he ever received my resume/ cover letter for a job (The same ones I used and got interviews with top firms in my industry). Untimely responses to email. This class isn't worth the headache. Take ENGL312 for an easy 2nd writing. NOT THIS!!
Okay. I'm on the Dean's list. I'm an English major. I like to think I'm reasonably intelligent. Don't take this class. He's arrogant and assuming, assigns busywork and grades randomly. He doesn't know half that he thinks he does, and his own English is often lacking. Apparently my last assignment was my "least best". Thanks for that. Avoid this guy
obviously enjoys writing mean comments on your papers. felt totally unmotivated in class, because no matter what I did, could never please him. stay away from this prof!
The first thing he told us was that he only gives A's to God and Moses and he figures out who they are the first week. Otherwise ull get a B regardless of the effort u put in. take Prof. White if u can, this guy's a tool.
I took this course online--and he was a bit rude and short with me when responding to my e-mails. His paper topics are ridiculously stupid, and he's not clear at all in his assignments. I still got a good grade, but that's because I busted my butt. Overall--I would avoid him. There are better professors that teach this course!
Avoid him like the plague. I've never had a professor worse than him. He's terrible at communicating what he wants, he grades unfairly, and he thinks his class is god's gift to students. It's not worth the stress he'll put you through.
Don't know how he is in a classroom setting, but for the online format, he is terrible. Doesn't respond promptly to emails, more than once said NO to help requests. Even contacted dept. head and he already knew what I was going to say about him. NUTJOB
This guy is an arrogant a*hole. I only took the video format and I can still tell you this guy thinks he is God's gift to the world. He gives the impression that he doesn't have time for students, b/c he is too good for us.
Worst English teacher I've ever had at UD. He likes to torture his students by making them write single spaced papers. Don't ever take him if you don't have to.
NO NO NO NO NO!!!! WORST TEACHER EVER!!! BIGGEST MISTAKE AT UD WAS TAKING THIS MAN.
I do not like this man and I know that you won't either. Do NOT... I repeat DO NOT take him for biblical and classical. There are many other good teachers at this school who teach that class! NOOOOOOOOOOO
He sucks, its all quantity over quality, he is boring and not fun at all
It's his religion and that's it. Doesn't give a damn about what you think. ADick
assignments very unclear, sent me an offensive e-mail, good class though
Horrible Professor, Unfair Grader...Has his favorites!!! Don't take him
Horrible accent, horrible lectures. You can't follow him. Poor grader too.
This professor is the worst professor her at GRCC. I had him for a communications class but I am pretty sure I learned more about his childhood and his divorce than I did Communications. He not only gives out a ton of homework but he also never explains when anything is due. Always guessing in the class. DO NOT TAKE HIM!
Worst professor I have ever had. He is lazy and only cares about telling stories about his childhood. He has nothing important to share and shouldn't have a job teaching. He doesn't care about his students, and he complains about others not doing their job. I regret taking his class more than anything I have ever done.
Didn't explain what was expected just told us to take notes on the Lectures which were inconsistent and ambiguous.Said that if there was a problem with the HW we were handing in he would let us know but he never mentioned it after that.Failed the class and I have no clue why because he never posted grades so I've no way of knowing what I did wrong.
He was the worst professor I have ever had. When asked how to write the final project he just said to write until it was complete. When asked what that meant he never gave an answer. Do not take a class with this man. Terrible teacher
Probably the worst teacher I have ever had. I never used the book and learned nothing about interpersonal communications. The absolute worst teacher to have during the election. If you are a Republican I would suggest dropping the class because you are always wrong. PS Bush is not President move on Heredia.
He is inconsistent and useless.
His expectations were unclear. He told us to take notes and journal about the movies. When asked how we were supposed to do them, he said just do it. He didn't check or collect the journals till the end of the semester, so there was no way to tell if they were done right. No heads up on the midterm and it only covered material from day one.
Waste of my time. Only talks about himself and his family and teaches you how to be a good democrat. I didn't learn anything when it came to communications and the class is planning on complaining! Only good thing is, no exams!!
Very boring lectures,talks about life story. Grades very hard,I did all assignments and did the majority of the work in the group project and still got a B for a final class grade! never hands back graded assignments.class from 10:15-12:30 with no break.
Wow-where to begin. All of you who say Heredia is "good" are SO off. Hes the absolute WORST professor ever. Thing is I didn't care if he talked about himself the entire class. What I cared about is the fact that I did all the assignments/tests & he still failed me-For a FILM class. He doesnt explain ANYTHING he actually wants done (eg the journals)
AWFUL teacher! Told pointless stories, and shares his political view every class. Its a speech class, not politics. So if you want to listen to politics and his narrow minded views, take this class. Do not recommend it!
I started the class excited but because of his heavily slanted stories of political oppinion and not getting taught and informed of what he expected I decided to drop the class. He would come in late and no show a concern for the students learning. I want to make sure I get what I can out of this class.
all he talked about was his fancy cars, how he hates president bush and how he has so much money!
Umm...is this Interpersonal Communication or Heredia History? Because he talks quite a bit about himself. If only the tests asked about his life, then I would've probably ace them! Instead they were on a book that we never went over! Ughh..Overall okay class...
I absolutely hated him! He just went on and on about his personal life and not ONCE did we use anything that we read in the book for class discussion. He also expects you to write journal entries about the class discussions! What is there to write? His life as a former gang member? UGH.
I'm glad to see people agree - this guy's taste and qualifications are awful. He will push his latino culture down your throat at the most innapropriate times. He's a name-dropper, even though the biggest name he knows is Edward J. Olmos. No film knowledge.
ALWAYS LATE! Assigned a student film without teaching anything about filming or editing, no equipment or resources. Has awful taste in movies, sat thru so much long, boring crap. Spent $40 on rentals. Way too much writing, 4 pgs/wk & 3 papers. So disorganized, no real lesson plan or grading criteria. This man should not be teaching a film class.
WORST teacher I ever had. Teaches NOTHING about film, just rants politics. Thinks he's in a PS class. Can't even work the VCR. Never ONCE mentioned the $50 book, so don't buy it. Never explains assignments, had to beg just to get some vague guidelines. Doesn't teach how to write a film paper, just assigns it & never returns graded papers.
Prof. Heredia offered absolutely no feedback throughout the semester, and only made light associations to ANY of the subject matter. Most of the class sessions involved him talking about his past as a model or gang member, and left me wondering why I'd left my warm bed. Politics aside, 2/10 tops.
The absolute worst prof that I have ever had. He is very unclear and he thinks he is above all of the students. He is rude and should be fired.
This guy sucks as a teacher...He doesn't teach. My class is film criticism. He puts a movie in expects 2 pages of notes. Then assignes 1-2 more movies, again expecting 2 pages of notes. Yet, we have are given nothing to go on. He doesn't explain his expectations for the notes, so we're in the dark.
This guy loves to talk about himself and has yet to talk one word about interpersonal communications, he wants us to write journals on what we learn, so are we supposed to write a story about him or what? good man terrible teacher
I had no idea what I was doing in Film Viewing, I watched a movie and had no idea what to talk about in the response paper. Very weird teacher, He didn't even know how to work the VCR!!!
He is very smart however he taught me very little about interperonal communications. He made up his own theories and expected you to learn the ones from the book on your own and then write a 10p paper on them. Very boring and oppinionated. Do not take him
Do not take film viewing and construction with this guy! The movies for the most part are horrible. You will never enjoy movies again. You'll never want to take any of his classes again either. Helpful hint; DO NOT FALL ASLEEP
Honestly, where did this man get educated from? He is so..nevermind. Politics this politics that get a damn life guy. Go to the other side of the world and stay there.
I thought i was going to learn about communicating
he makes me ill.he is an uber egomaniac
he may be smart, but he wants everyone else in the world to know it too!
He draws out every topic till its dead. tests are way too long and asks questions out of book on material he does not even touch on. nice guy but i would not highly recommend to take class with
Pierson is difficult because if you don't write what he believes, you fail. His class is not interesting at all, but, sadly, is a required gen-ed.
He is a rough grader and not only this, he does not understand were you come from if you are do not believe in the Bible...best advice...take Lake!!
The course was a complete waste of my time.
Way overrated... enthusiasm and hyperactivity can only get you so far.
What's all the hype?
goes out for smokes more than teaches. a "fun" teacher, but about as useful as watching Judge Judy. only covers a few areas, because he keeps going over and over the same things (but often with contridictions). doesn't lack for energy, but at the cost of TCU, the joke in the end is on you when you actually try to use the limited amount tought
BB didn't post my paper but I got an email from BB saying I did. She said she would fix it, but I had to email her 3-4 times to get it done. She got defensive. After this, I started getting lower grades. She usually gives feedback on papers but stopped after this. I asked her for feedback and she said she would give it to me but never did.
Test on the syllabus, 1 post and 2 discussion board replies gets a "C" grade, wasn't clear with due date when assigning the first paper. She made it sound as though it were due the 2nd week but it wasn't actually due till the 4th week.
I took this course online. Expectations are set very high, but she does the bare minimum to help students succeed. Waited until the last minute to provide feedback for draft revisions, usually two days before the due date. Ridiculous expectations set forth for very little effort on her behalf.
He is difficult to understand and very vague on what he teaches. I do not recommend taking him, especially if you already struggle at math.
hard.....hard to follow....hard tests....just plain hard.
I got in A in math 110... i have a c- in his class. he is not clear and his examples suck. He is very nice man and means well but a bad math teacher. very unclear and daily quiz's are hard. nice man,horrible teacher!
Wont let you ask questions in class and if you go to his office he gives you the run around. Very unhelpful. He does smile a lot tho.....
Although Lamont King seems passionate in what he teaches, he speaks very slowly to the point that the class is quite boring. he is not clear on instructions so its best to ask him any questions... there is also no rubric for any papers you do or quizzes, etc.
Hands down, the worst professor I've ever taken at JMU. "Lectures" are all over the place, and he just puts a bunch of random words in a word document and rambles on. Before the quizzes, you have to read all the scenarios in a book, and he asks 12 T or F questions that are impossible to remember in the reading because the reading is like 100 pages.
The presentations are frivolous and I learned next to nothing. Tests are more difficult than they should be and there is a great deal of reading. Nice guy but horrible class.
DO. NOT. TAKE. His lectures are long, boring, and unclear. There is an excessive amount of confusing readings. There are only five grades and he can be a pretty harsh grader. There is way too much material and content to cover for the midterm and final. He expects way too much for a general education course.
Dont take this class unless you already know alot about history. doesn't post grades on blackboard. So much reading- the quizzes are tricky, you can do bad on them even if you read. He jumps around in his lectures and expects you to already know everything. Study guides are thrown together and disorganized. I dont recommend him for this course,
How this man got so many good reviews--I will never know! He is terrible! CANNOT follow his lectures no matter how hard you try! Walked out of that class every day saying "what did we just talk about?!" Worst class I have ever taken! St
I cannot follow for the life of me this guys lectures and his tests... good luck
Over-inflated jackass who doesn't know how to teach. You'll spend all time out of class learning the material on your own through google and the book. Expect all programming assignments to be vague and filled with holes until one day before it is due when he updates the specs. Avoid at all costs. Made Elizabeth Adams look like a good teacher.
He is the worst. STAY AWAY!!
graded only on two tests and the final. He is a smart guy but is very bad at teaching and showing examples.
I don't even know where to start. I took two years of calc in high school and aced them. I get here and we used ancient theorems and no modern techniques . Difficult theorems and no sense of what was important. Droning lectures and he just talked nonstop; no discussion or interaction. Very poor class and I'm lucky to have gotten a C. Do not take.
Marafino is possibly the worst math professor at JMU. He can only teach by just spitting out information and his practice test are too easy compared to the actual test. Your final grade is based off of 2 tests and a final so if you do poorly on one there's no hope. Will not answer emails and is proud when half of the class fails, overall just rude.
I don't know how to say this without being mean but Marafino is the worst teacher I have ever had in my entire life. He would teach you something and then next lecture take it back and teach you something else. You can't do that as a teacher. Nobody i know in this class ever got a good grade on an exam. So awful, save your gpa & DO NOT take him.
Don't take this class. Listen to me. I've taken upper-level CS and Engineering courses. I've been through hard classes. Do not take this class. First exam. 70% of the class got an F. Curve? Nope! This dude doest care. I promise if you take this class, your GPA won't make it. *-> Create your schedule around not taking this professor. <-*
I had him for bio lecture and he was the worst out of all the lecture bios. He is said to be good in chem but he's not meant for bio. His test were way too hard even if you studied and he would mix up the criteria a lot. don't recommend.
He doesn't really teach, he just goes through problems extremely fast the whole entire class. He says he will go over the homework and never does and there isn't any time in class to ask questions. You only have 3 grades (2 tests and the final). Either drop the class or get a tutor.
You best hope for this class is know it already, drop it or tutor. Biggest mistake I made here is taking this class
After receiving a 41 on a test and spending hours in TDU crying because this class was so awful, I dropped it. Grade is 100% tests with extra credit homework, but he collects random questions on the homework and it's always the super hard ones that you usually get wrong. Teaching style is terrible, I find myself staring at the clock. RUN.
You'll mostly be teaching yourself. All he does is recite the textbook to the point where he'd say "And at this point, the author..." I took calculus in high school and knew all the concepts but the questions he gave us tested more of our intense algebra and precalc skills. Your grade is 3 exams 25% each and 10 quizzes that fill the last 25%. AVOID
Marafino is the worst Teacher I have ever had. He mumbles into the wall and writes in chicken scratch on the board. If youre taking notes, you will be so far behind you wont understand what's going on, and if you dont take notes you won't remember. He's also disrespectful, when trying to answer a question, he literally laughed at me. Who does that?
I took precalc in high school and knew all of the basic skills to do well. Marafino does nothing to help you understand the math. It's all do it yourself homework, so if you do well by reading and teaching yourself you'll be fine. Math isn't my best subject. Dropped this class for a W.
Marafino is more of a History buff than a Math buff. He teaches you the Mesopotamian way of doing the Math problems, instead of the way you've learned your whole life. Definitely would not recommend. He does not help you and makes things very confusing.
I'm awful at math and can honestly say that this is not a hard class. The professor can be unfair at times but he literally writes out what every question will look like on the study guide for the exams. He does take off for tiny little errors, but if you go to class and study your notes there's no reason why you wouldn't get at least a B!
Going into this class I thought that it would be easy. I was wrong.. He requires you to remember every little thing and takes off points for TINY mistakes. He's incredibly rude if you do not know or understand what you are doing.
I am a sports management major and took it as a gen ed. Thought it looked interesting but became a monster. Put in way too much time to fail and then drop. He works too fast and goes too in-depth with non relevant material. Find a better teacher! Do not waste your time.
He was incredibly disrespectful to me in class and was not good at preparing students for the tests and quizzes. Avoid him by all means!
He just failed me on a quiz because i didnt put the middle name of a mathematician. The MIDDLE name. He's terrible.
He is AWFUL. There's a quiz every Friday, and he only gives 10 minutes for each quiz so if your'e a slow thinker you WILL fail. Takes off for non completion. Expects you to teach yourself. 103 is a worthless class that teaches out of date ways to solve problems. He cant explain things clearly. Take something else.
Absolutely terrible professor. I have a 3.9 GPA and I was FAILING this guy's class! He is extremely rude and does not clarify anything he teaches. Expects students to teach themselves and is condescending when you ask questions or make suggestions. Takes an easy class and makes it impossible to pass. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
If you work your butt off, you will still end up with a D, unless he likes you. He gives grades based on "how he thinks you are doing", right answers get points off if you "did it the wrong way", but he will never tell you which way is the "right way" until you get your paper. And when you ask questions he is very superior sounding. Don't take him!
Do not take this class with Marafino. Hold out for Pruett teaching it. Our whole group hates him. He gave us a C on our homework, then showed us exactly how we did it when explaining it to the class. All our groupmates are giving him a rating here.
Calculus is a hard subject and Prof. Marafino makes it more complex than it is. He teaches you to learn concepts rather than math. 5 tests; all are really hard, hw is extra credit Notes are impossible to read. Nice guy. Does not give good extra help. Take this class because grading scale is easy and soo much extra credit. This guy loves math.
HORRIBLE at teaching, but gives us review sheets for tests. Participation not mandatory.
WORST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD.
Very difficult teacher. Gets annoyed when he has to explain things over and over. Not very clear in his teaching. Tests are impossible. Likes to see how many students he can fail. Collects homework and grades it thoroughly. Def. do not take him!!
As someone who isn't good at math, I found Mr. Marafino to be my worst nightmare. Every class was an impromptu lesson and we were never given a syllabus with the assignment/chapter schedule. I was lost very early on. He rushes through problems and his writing is hard to read. He's not one to remember your name or your face.
This guy is not for you if calculus isn't your strongest subject! Berry or Adams are better choices!
He is a horrible man, I dropped the first day after he pretty much said he was just there to watch and not help. Screw that, he is getting paid to teach ! So he should do it
I hate him, i took him 3 years ago and i still can't believe how much i loathe this man. i am good at math and got a C in his class. one test i got a 100 and the next i got a 50 ... didn't really make sense. hes so unhelpful and doesn't care about his students.
ppl say that hes a great teacher for the upper level classes DONT TAKE HIM FOR 205 IF YOU WANT TO LIVE THRU THE SEMESTER A terrible teacher offered my class the w/draw pass option after we all failed the first two tests and half the class already dropped out taking this class is a serious mistake
This class is hell. Obviously a brillant guy, but can't teach to save his life. Please don't take his class. Run away while you still can!!!
very odd guy....class isnt too bad..not much outside work, he's very unclear and class is pointless...teach yourself the lesson
Worst Professor I have ever had. I would not wish him or his class on my worst enemy.
By far the worst professor ever. Does not clearly explain topics. Very Confusing.
Gave me a D, raised another students from a D to a B without merit
class started with 40...only 8 showed up at the final...only they could pass
Not one doubt in my mind, the worst teacher at JMU
DO NOT TAKE! Supposed to be an easy class, but taught in complicated way!!
TERRIBLE... I don't know how he made such a supposedly easy course so DIFFICULT!
DO NOT ever take this class with him, without a doubt the WORST teacher ever,
INCREDIBLY difficult to understand, boring, made a simple class very hard!
Don't take this class if you are trying to keep a high GPA. It won't happen!!!!
do not take this class, this guy is terrible, nothing makes sense at all!
Absolutely horrible teacher, Not approachable at all. One of the worst at JMU.
impossible teacher + boring subject = impossible class. DO NOT TAKE!
Maybe its just me but I thought 103 should be easy?!? Yeah, with him, it
What the heck were we talking about? Nothing in this class made sense!!!
The worst teacher I have ever had, a boring **** that can't teach
no technology, shes very rude and degrading, very strict on makeups, 100 question on paper exams. shes also just really obnoxious
She does not know what she is saying over half the time. she does not teach and just reads slides and tells you to take one word notes not giving you time to write stuff down. You teach yourself in this class and the class feels like forever. she side tracks a lot so sometimes it hard to keep up because she jumps around topics.
Dr. Sutton's class seems easy at first. However, she gives 100 question exams with loads of slide shows on the tests. Her teaching involves her reading directly off the slideshow. She claims to not get mad at questions, but she gets offensive when responding to some of them. She also doesn't allow any electronics and calls you out if she sees it.
Really didn't like her, avoid at all costs take like any other option they can't be worse than her. Dreaded her class every T-Th, though she did let us go like 12:17 instead of 12:25 but she talked literally whole time. Always making snide comments about people not coming to class and how they'll fail cuz they miss stuff, rude comments in general.
Highly recommend taking Health 100 with any other professor. Extremely unapproachable for help and questions. 4 exams that are each 100 questions on a scantron and cover lots of information and are unnecessarily challenging in comparison to other Health 100 classes. Could so easily get an easy A with pretty much any other professor. Trust.
I personally do not appreciate her lectures; they are boring and long. She will go on tangents about politics or ask personal questions that should not be addressed. You have 100 question exams through out the semester and they aren't awful if you study.
Professor Sutton is difficult and aggravating. She spends 45% of the class talking about politics, 45% going off on tangents, and 10% talking about actual class material. She talks to the students like they are in elementary school. She is not understanding. Lectures are boring & this class genuinely felt hours long. Take someone else if possible.
Genuinely the worst professor Ive had yet in college. She gives long boring lectures and speaks to her students as if they are in 5th grade.I use my iPad to write my notes so I don't have a notebook and she told me I couldn't take notes then unless I got a real notebook since she doesn't allow technology in her classes. Save yourself don't take her
ask her about her international condom collection
100 question test
Acts nice but rude/condescending when you ask questions. Reminds me of Umbridge in Harry Potter. If I had to describe her, that is it. Few things: She takes attendance is an AUDITORIUM CLASS. She likes to call out students in the middle of lectures. She asks personal questions that she should not ask. She takes no valid excuses for missed class.
The worst professor I have ever had. Do not take if you like to be treated like an adult and not a child. Her lectures give away test answers, but her teaching style is droning and chaotic. She can be condescending and not understanding, but is oblivious towards anything she says. The assignments are doable but time consuming and boring.
I strongly advice against taking this class with this professor. She does not care about whether you truly understand the information, and will fly through the slides, just reading the board with no explanations. She commonly will say "you need to know this for the test," and then not explain it. She is passive aggressive, and her class too hard.
I would advise against taking Dr. Sutton. Her lectures are very boring and she flies through the notes which doesn't give enough time for the class to jot down notes. She also doesn't explain half the information on the slides and just expects us to know it. Her exams are unnecessarily hard and she is very picky about little things for grading.
I came into HTH 100 interested to learn about the different topics, but Professor Sutton was way too specific on what she wanted for anyone to enjoy the class. She would also send long emails, with this being a fully online, and at the bottom of the email say "Do not email me", which is not particularly helpful when it is a fully online class.
Dr. Sutton is interesting, to say the least. A lot of people didn't like her because she was unusually strict. For example, if we used the bathroom during class, she would call us out in front of the 100 other students. Her exams aren't too bad if you study and she posts the lectures online, but make sure you don't miss class.
Talks about the same 3 things in the beginning of each class for 30 minutes then has to skip over slides in the lecture because she runs out of time and tells you to read them later.
Probably one of the least understanding professors I've ever come into contact with. Her assignments are easy but if you slip up once a little bit you get an automatic 0. I've emailed her multiple times about assignments I've misunderstood and she just sends a syllabus link. Assignment instructions are SO SPECIFIC and unreason. Would NOT recommend.
She only started actually teaching towards the end of the semester. before that she would just click through a powerpoint and say you can read this on your own time and then tell a story about herself. If you try and go to the bathroom or just leave in general during class, she will probably call you out in front of everybody. do the pre and post
I took this class as a junior and I have never found a Gen Ed teacher to be more condescending towards students, especially during lecture. I feel bad for incoming freshman, not all teachers are like this, I promise! I went to her office hours about an assignment I made a mistake on and left after I was berated and chided for coming to her. Avoid!
This woman is cooky and unclear with directions for assignments. Tests are WAY too hard and long for gen ed that mostly everyone takes. 100 questions. Not hard class but very very boring and doesn't lecture well. No phones allowed. Will give you low grades on assignments you completely correctly then not tell you why. never disliked a prof more.
dr. sutton is the worst teacher ive had hands down. shes goes off on tangents and it makes you wanna lose your mind. her tone on deep topics is so uncalled for and insensitive (laughed about kids dying). her tests make you feel like youre studying to be a doctor when its just a gen ed at least for me. dont take.
Does not listen to or understand her students. If you don't quite get something, she is difficult to talk to or get further directions from. Harsh grader, hard tests, extreme attendance policies. Class is interesting sometimes, but you could mostly teach it to yourself from powerpoints (which she posts online because she flies through them.)
She's not a nice person. I had doctors appointments throughout the semester and had to miss class twice for them; both absences were unexcused even with a doctors note. Missing four classes gets you a C for the semester. She doesn't understand that this is a gen ed class, like chill.
Sutton can ramble a lot in her lectures and it is hard to study for her tests because the questions are all over the place. She was rude the students multiple times. She also gets really mad if you miss class even though she has been late and absent to her own class.
Probably the worst class I've taken so far at JMU. You can learn the material on your own but classes are the worst. Sutton literally spends 30 minutes on one slide, goes on a rant, and then rushes through the next 10 slides saying they're not important, but somehow they always show up on the test. Please save yourself and take another teacher.
It's only three weeks into the semester and I really dislike this lady. Tests are mainly from the textbook/slides, but loves to add irrelevant questions on it to see if you've been listening. If you can, take a different professor, or take kin.
She gives 0s if you get ONE QUESTION WRONG or you aren't specific. Goes off on random stories about irrelevant things in her past. Dramatic.
Terrible teacher, terrible lady. Vague instructions with extremely hard tests. 75 questions in sixty minutes for a gen ed? Are you fricken kidding me?? Awful choice for Summer course. Sure learned my lesson to never even utter that darn lady's name ever again. THANKS FOR NOTHING JERK! Enroll with someone else.
Worst Professor at JMU by far. She is extremely rude and unprofessional. She will make students feel stupid for asking questions. She tells stupid stories that don't matter during class, taking up all the time, then quickly clicks through the PP, to say 'we've seen it', and she doesn't post PP. Also, not allowed to leave the room, no matter what
This class is absolutely ridiculous. 4 tests 100 questions each, super hard she expects you to know everything. DO NOT TAKE GHTH TAKE GKIN. This class is so hard, it's freaking health and I'm getting a C. Avoid if you can.
Sutton's test are extremely difficult. To get an A on an exam you need to study weeks in advance. She's weird and assigns work that's unnecessary. I would never take her again.
NOT a good teacher. She is a nice lady but never ever makes it through a power point in class. We had a snow day and she tests on things she never got to lecture too. AWFUL teaching DO NOT take unless she is the only professor left.
She was the absolute WORST teacher I have ever had. She is rude and down right annoying, don't attempt to approach her with a question because she will make you feel stupid for asking. She enjoys making students feel dumb. There are power points, but she never makes it through a power point, so you end up teaching yourself.
Dr. Sutton is extremely rigid and very difficult to work with. Doesn't like feedback from her students. You think you know the course material, the test pops up, and it's different from what you were reviewing in class and told to study. Would not recommend...
Her tests are terrible! She puts up questions that are extremely difficult and some don't even make sense. She even says, "this is not in your textbook, but it'll be on the test," kind of things in class, and sometimes those things won't even be on her ppts and study guides. Getting a B in her class is ok, because her tests are impossible.
Dr. Sutton is not a quality professor what so ever. She is very unorganized when it comes to presentations and very often doesn't even know what she is talking about (ie, she corrects herself continually and there have been times when students corrected her). She is also a very stingy and unreasonable grader. I would not advice anyone to talk her.
Attendance is mandatory but there is no point in going to the class.She is too weird and full of stories to get the material across and will not be exact as to what is on the test. The book is vital to doing well,it more of a teacher than she is
Shes a nice lady but is really weird and goes wayy off topic in class. I.e.- she smoked a bananna peel once. wtf. The tests are hard and arent on what we cover in class at all. Do the passports and extra credit stuff and youll be fine, but work hard for an A.
Don't take this class. She says in the first few days that her median grades on tests are 65-75. She admits to being a horrible professor. Tests are horrible. She speed reads over useless notes. LAME
Ugh I couldn't stand her. You can't miss class when all you have to do is read the book. Slept every day. She's just annoying.
I don't who these people had, but I HATED this teacher. Got all B+ or A's in all of my "harder" classes and a C in this one. Couldn't stand listening to her talk, it's like she thinks she's better than you and likes to talk down to you. All tedious memorizing, got nothing out of this class, will probably be my least favorite for all four years.
At first I thought she was going to be fun...but I was sadly mistaken! She is extremely boring and is constantly talking about her personal life! It really upsets me that I am paying so much money to hear this woman talk about heself!
dont take her! she is crazy and makes this class 10x harder than it should be. she also likes to emphasize how great of a teacher she is and how shes so smart but she doesnt even pronounce some terms correctly. She also touches her face like 200 times a lecture and its very annoying, as is her voice. only take this class if youre a masochist.
read the book for ghth in general but take it with another teacher. sutton will get on ur nerves in the first 10 minutes of the first day and it wont get anybetter...she has assigned setting like elementary school and takes attendance and is just an annoying person to be trapped in a room with for 3 hours a week
SO hard. Gives little clarity in anything and wants you to spell everything right. On Exams, she will mark you wrong even if your right(ie the answer is what you read in the book) Nice person kinda, but not reasonable.
SHE IS RIDICULOUS!!!!!!!!
such a****ty class. says some really dumb things and acts silly sometimes. tests are really hard and damn near impossible. don't take her if possible. not worth the time or effort
Avoid at all costs. Classes are utterly worthless as she can barely adequately explain her powerpoints. You must read and study a LOT to do well, which seems somewhat out of place for a required general health class. I have an A in the class, but it took more effort than most of my other classes. She manages to make a boring subject horrendous.
Anal Retentive Witch! AVOID. Her organizational skills are severly lacking, goes off on random topics, asks for personal stories, treats u like a child, Exams are horrid, filll in the blanks t/f & short answers EXPECTS the answers to be VERBATUM allows a 3x5 cheet sheet 4 each test,6 pop quizzes,1 5pagepaper with10 resources &1 group project
She is the most unorganized aggrivating teacher at JMU. She makes us raise our hands like little boys and girls when she asks questions like "Who here has a pee pee? How about a vaggy?" She is terrible. Absolutely Terrible.
this is the worst professor i had. She is crazy. She talks about nothing in class. Her class is so boring. Read the book.
Absolutely one of the most horrible teachers I've come into contact with. She's borderline psychotic and needs professional help. Never ask her questions b/c she will bite your head off. Avoid at all costs!!!
ugh! what a painful class- so boring, mandatory attedance, she holds class to the very last second, and lectures suck. but you can sleep through every class and manage Bs
test are very hard!!! she's not helpful at all with preparing for the exams.
VERY Unusual women; with very impossible exams.... HARD AS HELL TO GET AN A!
Nothing she says in class is on the exam, refuses to answer questions during exm
Very boring and extremely hard tests. Too specific. Take GKin instead
She is extremely boring and her tests are hard.
oh... she was our TEACHER? You could have fooled me!
She is a horrible lady. she lost my passport, i got a b in health!!
Very boring. Waste too much time.
He seems to be bi polar he will act like a jerk while displaying a smile(I dont get that).
Very disrespectful man
Didn't teach v.well at all. Treated me personally with respect but didn't respect everyone in the class.
Avoid him! He doesn't teach, He expects the students to explain things to him and tests on material that hasn't even been covered in class.... One word = suicide.
What is this guy about. He is a disgrace.
He should retire and make room for qualified faculty. He cracks himself up with lame jokes. Has student pictures as comuter screen saver...creepy. one word..boring.
i can't stand this guy at all. when i graduate from this school and they ask me for money to donate i won't do it until this guy is gone from this school
man.. dont even get me started on this guy! He was one of the worst teachers and his tests stunk. Does he have a tupee?
this guy couldn't teach a prarrie dog to crap in the woods... he is uterly useless. he is a plague on the human gene pool. going to class is pointless. you spend all period talking about a tiny subject that probably won't appear on the test.
if i could rate in the negatives i would have. This guy is terrible, Avoid him if possilbe
can't teach to save his life. This guy should get fired
worse teacher i ever had, can't teach at all. he uses flash card to remember our name. There is 20 kids in your class its not a big school.
Take this class with a different professor if you can, she's strict! Make sure if you do make a friend in the class because if you miss a class she will not send you the lectures and you'll need documentation every time you miss a class. You will have to work very hard to get a good grade in this class, worst professor I ever had at Central.
Worst professor EVER! Don't waste your time with this awful option. If you have no other option but to take this professor change your major.
She is very unclear, confusing, using powerpoints, alo of class group work, pop up quizes mid term and final very hard, she thinks she is all that does't have any understanding toward students, she is there just to get money, fails alot of students.
She is horrible, she is nothing but horrible the worst professor ever. she will try her best to FAIL you rather then help you. She will use everything against you and doesn't care about her students at all
Not sure how she comes up with her grades as I completed every assignment and only missed 1 class during the semester and still got a B- ..? Unprofessional, sometimes downright rude. No background in the field at all as far as I know. I'll avoid her courses in the future.
Unclear, not professional, did not have experience in the CJ field, lectures were boring.
Not very easy and grades unfairly. Does not get to the point on her lectures and is very demanding.
Leo hanging out with my friends telling them to drop out of the honors college, sexist explorative idea stealing wierdo. Pretended to enjoy him for Others as he was powerful, never really did though. Liked to censor disagreement and encouraged opioid epidemic through William S Burroughs druggy literature BS. Wish I took a better college offer tbh
The worst professor I have ever had! Treats his 200 level class like we are all English majors taking honor/400+. I have never failed anything till this class. When I tried to approach him about it he brushed me off. He does not use Blackboard and does not make clear (in writing) what he wants on any assignments. Do not take as an elective.
He is easily distracted, and you learn almost nothing. He loves French literature and Lolita-type literature, but doesn't know much about American literature of any kind. Very strange person, very liberal outlook. You get an A for just showing up and doing the minimum of class work. If you want a professor who expects more of you, try someone else.
He cancelled class 3 times during the Fall semester of 2008 of my intoduction to Cultural Studies class. I was excited to read and discuss the ontogny of language and William Burroughs WordVirus anthology;he never discussed ANYTHING for more than 15 mintues and consistently let the class out 1 halfhour early,he is cool but too much of a slacker.
very boringggggggggg
Freakin wierdo... He likes to brag a lot about how well he speaks French. I didn't learn much in his class.
Told me to my face that I should drop out of my program.
Was not feel comfortable being in this professor's course. Mainly read off the slides. I tried to access him outside of office hours via email and he would often get upset with me when I asked to meet due to my class scheduling. Kevin has a very ego that gets in the way of his relationship with students. Was not a fan of his behavior last term.
The review below "Professor Tebeest is an outstanding professor and cares a lot about his students, especially when it comes to passing the class and their financial future." was written by Tebeest himself. We all know what you are doing Kevin. And no, you don't care about students passing your class. You probably get off to when they fail.
doesnt respect students
doesnt like his students
dont take this class
doesnt care
doesnt care about his students well being
doesnt care about his students financial future
doesnt care about his students learning
doesnt care about his students understanding
doesnt care about his students
doesnt care about students
WRITES HIS OWN RATEMYPROFESSOR REVIEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not even taking him this term. Evil, evil man. Worst professor I have ever had in my entire life. Thinks he is cool but he is really just stealing your money and putting the younger generation into debt. Don't take him ever
Just avoid him. Cheng and Ruby are better and I wish they taught this course. I did the homework, reviewed for over 20+ hours/week, went to office hours, asked questions in class, and still get the grade I got. He has an ego and I'm not for it. You either get an A or die trying with a C+ or lower. Grading is ridiculous. Take this course out!
All the lectures are PowerPoint based and fill in the blank, which sounds nice until you have to do it 4 days a week for an entire term. The homework isn't graded but it's essential to getting a good grade on the tests. He pretends like his class is the only one you're taking, so be prepared. Very tough grader as well. I would not recommend him...
One of the worst profs I've ever had. Boring lectures which are mostly definition, barely any example problems. Repeats himself way too much. VERY anal grader and takes forever to grade. 2 tests, 2 projects, and final are your entire grade. Had the class curved BACKWARDS so you must score 1-3% HIGHER for grade you want. Talks too highly of himself.
One of the most boring lecturers I have ever had. I still cannot believe that he puts maple formulas into his tests and quizzes. If you do not memorize the code you will not get above an 85% on his quiz/tests. Weird guy overall carries a drumstick in his back pocket for some reason.
This is the worst professor at Kettering University. He is the most anal grader, and marks down points even if your answer is correct. If there is a short answer you must answer exactly as he wants or you get no credit. He even gives multiple choice questions where there is no correct answer. Avoid at all costs. He thinks he is great, but he is not
He teaches for the idiot: if you dont need to know what you're doing, take him.
If he likes you you are golden, if not, well grab your ankles. He plays favorites, and will make you drop, even if you can still easily pass, saying... I will fail you even if you pass . Have heard this from multiple students. Very disrespectful!!!
Hard grader
Phillips mis graded my test 4 times for the same test. Some of her test questions are barely written in English. Goes on long tangents
Terrible
I gave this professor such a low rating because she just doesn't care about her students. I only had her for a lab, and she graded my labs wrong (which she openly acknowledged), took forever to give back labs, and was never available after class to answer questions. I can't begin to imagine what I would do if I had her for a lecture.
She's nice enough, but she has no business teaching classes. There were many instances where she taught the material incorrectly, which just made the class more difficult.
Can be confusing, kind of an 'eh' professor.
Had to take for Chem 361-364 (Physical Cehmistry). Absolutely worthless! Did not learn a thing Would spend 2hrs lecturing and the next day tell us to forget everything because what she taught was incorrect the day prior. A complete waste of time! Has mental issues.
This is the human barbie. Only this barbie is old and ugly. She seems very nice but she is extremely airhead. She gets lost during almost every lecture and does an over all poor job of teaching. Avoid if possible.
Confused, decently smart, told me I'd pass and then failed me!
Avoid this prof. at all costs. She is the most horrible woman ever. Test and quizzes have nothing to do with lectures or homework, and her gratingly whiney voice makes even Chemistry majors hate chemistry for the rest of their lives. Bottom line hold out for absolutely anyone else.
Worst class ever. Supposedly not as bad as the other profs though. Whatever you do, hold out for Bell. You'll learn about boring (aka boiling) points. Her Asianness is just overwhelming. Tests & quizzes are impossible without studying for your whole life
Very hard to understand... her whiney voice cuts like a knife at 8am.
The laziest teacher at Kettering. He does not change anything about his class structure. He reads off of a word document and does this for 7 weeks. Spends the last few weeks actually doing what the class is about, but then he doesn't even care if half of it works. If you take this class with him, bring a pillow and blanket.
Would never take this man for any class ever again. He can be very lazy about the structure of the class and can be rude to students when they do anything wrong. I thought the class would be fun but it was stressful only because he was the professor. If I could rate a 0 I would.
Terrible professor. Does not explain things well and he is very unorganized. This class was a nightmare. If you wanna pass crib your whole way through it!!!!!
Worst prof I have ever had.
Very boring and not an expert in his field. Questioned his own actions with NX3 program, and told students to figure things out on their own with little or no help from him. Stay away from this professor if you can. If you can't, the course is very easy, but you'll be taking naps in class.
Doesn't understand the experiments. Poor explanation of concepts. His lack of undertstanding makes the lab take longer than it should. Easy lab hand-ins and easy grader.
Terrible Doesn't know anything about the software
Became overwhelmed while looking over my drawings from Freshman year.......in high school.
BE PREPARED TO TEACH YOURSELF! Nice to know I paid an ungodly amount to teach myself. Constantly contradicts himself. Does big and easy crosswords in class. Brother learns during morning class to teach the afternoon class. All in all... Idiot
Takes up a lot of your time. Homework problems he can't do. Start the final project early, it'll take you a while. Don't bother paying attention in class...he will only confuse you more. Go to the tutor for questions, Eddy can't answer anything...idiot.
Doesn't know what he's teaching. Contradicts self all the time. Doesn't help!
Get a book, get a partner; this guy will not help you
He can't teach because he does know what he is doing, but his projects were easy
Bad Prof...
do not take this guy
Obviously, Redekop like to rate himself. Is he kidding? too sad
This cracker is insane he keeps kicking us out of class
He's very strict.
he droned on and on but only about recent events and nothing that related to the chapter.
Very hard tests and very boring. I wish I would of checked this site before I took his class!
He lectures the entire hour about one thing and never gets through the chapter before the test. There are 5 pop quizes, impossible exams, and only 500 points overall during the whole semester. If you want to pass do not take this class from him.
Mr. Schurring is very disorganized and lazy. He spent approximately one month lecturing on one chapter. Then, due to his lack of organization, he has given three exams in three consecutive weeks without lectures. If he's bored, he should retire.
VERY HARD DO NOT TAKE!!!!!
Not willing to help students succeed, just lectures and is very hard teacher.
I only took this class for an easy literature credit but i regret it. I'm taking upper-level business classes and I spent a a lot more time preparing (reading) for this class than all my other classes combined. Tests are UNBEARABLE (almost cried). DO NOT TAKE HIM. Thought I had an A in the class until the end. Doesn't know how to grade.
AWFUL. I have lost all of my Spanish abilities because if him. Falls asleep, does not know what he is teaching. Teaches 300 level and 400 level spanish courses in English. Makes up all grades including final grade. Needs to be fired.
Looking for an easy ENGLISH class? That's what Rapin teaches. If you don't mind learning nothing and not using Spanish, Rapin is the one to take...
ATTENTION TO ALL SPANISH STUDENTS! I advise you to NEVER take Ronald Rapin's class. He should not even be called a teacher. All of the people on this site say he is a good teacher due to the fact that you dont do anyting in the class. He is lazy...
This was the worst class I have EVER taken. I cannot believe the university continues to employ this guy. What a joke. He made us watch Flipper and he slept through the whole thing. This class was a waste of my time and money at OU. HORRIBLE!
so dull, he even fell asleep during our exam!
Abosolutely the worst! His lectures dont allow clarification of the reading thats assigned and the discussions in class arent fully discussed. His exams are multiple choice but most of the questions that are on the exam arent even whats covered in the textbook. Save yourself the trouble and take Dr. Vaughan.
Absolutely terrible!
He talks so slow and goes off on multiple tangents. He tried to bring in other subjects like psychology, economics, politics, etc. Some of the information he was saying about these topics were actually wrong. Do not take this class if you fall asleep easy. You can't skip class without losing points and when you're there it is pointless.
This guy is so strange. Completely Bias in teaching religion. Mocks Christianity, rather than teaches it. He is very basic, and not very knowledgeable.His definition of evil in a religion class is "SUV." He is easily side tracked, in fact waists entire class periods talking about his opinions and nonsense. A total waist of time and money.
This teacher makes ineffectual attempts to lecture on material out of a textbook that the class doesn't use. The entire class consists of two papers (67%) and attendance (33%) as grading criterion. The material required for the paper is not covered in class. The information covered in class is completely unnecessary. The attendance grade is however
Terrible. Attendance is now mandatory because he cannot keeo people interested in what he is saying. The notes are ridiculous. He has no control over the class. waste of time.
I had the worst experience with this man. Had he actually been helpful when i came to him at the BEGINNING of the semester trying to understand why I had failed his test, then maybe I would have liked him more. I had had him the semester before for 1310 and earned a B in his class. I took him for 1320, and recieved a D. Hes too cocky.
he is soooooooooooooooooooo bad
He grades on the most arbitrary things. Won't show up to his own mandatory meetings. Answers questions by saying look at such and such paper even if the question is about that specific paper! Just save yourself a headache and avoid his classes if you can.
Awful teacher. I knew the project paper wasnt going to be easy but I turned in work and still got a 0 on the first assignment because the spacing wasnt to his standards, mind you he follows his own format and line spacing rules does not follow MLA or APA. Dont listen to the other reviews saying he will answer questions... he is very difficult.
Be prepared to be extra specific (I mean specific!!) on your papers and 15+ page project even after his feedback/comments are given. Some of the handouts were outdated and contradicting. Very hard to get full credit. For an English teacher I expected him to have proper English without typos and very rude in his comments and replies.
Prof. Ding is nice when chatting, but you really don't learn anything with him. You ask for help and his reply is "Refer to such and such handout" and he's very critical on your spelling, grammar etc. but half the time what he sends can't be understood due to poor spelling. If you can help it, avoid taking a class with him.
Does not give very clear directions, but he does give you a chance to turn in a rough draft without receiving a grade which I found helpful.
Very unclear with expectations. Hit or miss with getting good grades. Tends to be rude when asked for help. Easy assignments but if you don't read his mind or write his exact way you will get bad grades. Almost no points in the class. I am usually a pretty strong english student and am having difficulty with his assignments.
For an online class with the syllabus and assignments given, expectations are horribly unclear. Grading is harsh. Would not recommend.
This guy is ridiculous. He changes his expectations from paper to paper. His assignments are unclear and if you don't read his mind he marks you down. He has to be the most frustrating instructor I have ever had.
WORST TEACHER EVER..English Prof who cant speack or write English clearly. He contradicted himself several times. He does proof papers before u turn them in but i fixed all the problems he pointed out and others and he still gave me a C- and didnt explain why. Doesnt answer questions at all he just turns around what u said and calls it an answer.
HORRIBLE TEACHER!!!!!cannot speak english clearly and yes - he's teaching it. I suppose you don't have to pronounce it to be able to write it? Strong negative attitude towards students and cannot remember what he asks of you so will grade irrationally. Actually came to class the first day with incorrect syllabus and never changed it. Worst ever
You can't read anything he writes on the board, and says "k" 250 times in a class period
This class sucks. This guy is horrible at teaching. He drags 5 min of lecture into an hour. He talks like the Korean guy on team america. He say "kayyy" every 5 sec. As he speaks this sick combination of spit and like chalk grows in the corner of his mouth. And he doesnt even look at the board when he writes on it.
For one he's japanese or something and he's teaching english and you can't really understand a word he says and his writing is HORRIBLE i can't read it at all!!!
The worst teacher I have ever taken. He barely knows what he is talking about let alone explain it to students, he is very repetitive, especially about John Doe and the weather. He is neither friendly nor helpful and I wish I had never taken him. I got an A though, no thanks to him.
For being an english teacher, he sure can't speak it well! Dr Ding is more like..DingDong!! He sucks at explaining things and says ok like 300 times during a 50 minute period, it drives me insane!! I just draw pictures in my notebook to tune this guy out!! Ughh don't take him if at all possible
Cant really speak english to well and can b rude at times although his assignments are easy and it is not hard to get a good grade
Once you get past the fact that he can't speak English at all, you find that his teaching meathods suck and you're stuck in his class for the semester. I'm never taking him as a teacher again.
very unclear doesn't speak very good ENGLISH
My 6 year old nephew could teach me better then Ding. This man is very rude and bad at explaining everything. This is the worst teacher I've ever had. Don't take this class for any reason with Ding
Please, please...for your sake don't take this class. I have all A's in every single one of my classes and a C- in this one...
Avoid at all cost
Hate him do yourself a favor take my advice DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN! I HATE DR DING
$750 in tuition-3 credit class-ZERO quality of education. 1. can’t understand him; 2. doesn’t know the subject matter; 3. doesn’t answer YES or NO questions w/ straight answer; 4. barks @ students like Chiwawa; 5. not professional
WORST TEACHER AT FERRIS AND I HAVE HAD SOME BAD ONES. COME ON LEARN HOW TO SPEAK ENGLISH IF YOU ARE GOING TO TEACH IT!!!!!!!!1
this guy is the reason we make up stereo-types. can't understand him (Asian teaching English) Teaches TECHNICAL writing & U have to generate at least 15 pgs of nonsense on PAPER to pass the class. Technology is a foreign word to him. HORRID
I think that he is rude and i can't understand what he writes on homework and what he is saying. when you ask for overall grade FORGET IT..
He is the worst teacher I've ever had. You can't understand him and he is so confusing.
pain in the ass you cant read his writing or understand what hes saying and hes an ass when it comes to grading papers
He is rude and unhelpful...when you ask him a question, he either looks at you like you're dumb or answers something totally different. He's Asian so difficult to understand, terrible handwriting so you can't read his notes...he grades very very hard
RUDE dont ask him anything he gets mad
What a joke. A Chinese man teaching English. Not only is he hard to understand and follow, but he lectures on ENGLISH 101 subjects in 311. If one doesn't know what a Pronoun is by 311, trust me little man, it's not worth wasting your time.
what a jerk. it is very difficult to understand him. if the class is free take it, when you pay a couple hundred, it makes ferris look like a joke. don't tell him you dont understand him, he gets pissed off. remember its only money that you are wasting
Letsa geta classa started i like winter i am subzero
Very Very hard to understand! Rude! Boring! One good thing about his class is that he cancels it alot
knows it...can't teach it, tough grader
Class is life's first priority. Hopefully none of your relatives die during
Avoid at all costs. He wastes most of the class with barely relevant personal anecdotes. Doesn't even gloss over material from texts in lectures, but tests on minute details from the texts. If you want to learn anything you will have to 100% teach yourself out of the book.
Lectures are painful. The whole grade is three tests. Go to the optional review and read those powerpoints, don't waste time reading the book. Also look at previous semester's tests.
terrible
the most boring man i have ever listened to in my entire life. the TA's review sessions were so much more helpful and informative. so much reading to do but none of it truly relevant to the lecture or his tests. extremely easy tests. but EXTREMELY BORING
Useless class.....lectures might not even exist as all you get to do in them is sleep, there is a ridiculous amount of material to read and tests cover basically none of it. Comments below say he's a nice man, who cares, I'd rather have an **** whose good to listen to and who's lectures don't suck. Waste of time.
No info given--just stories about who he knows.
I went into this class expecting a decent amount of work, as this is a requirement for my major. Be sure to pay attention to detail (dates and names). Professor Goode is very picky about information. You will need to go above and beyond in order to pass with anything higher than a solid B in the course. If this class isn't required, don't take it.
Very Harsh grader. Alot of reading and quizzes in every class. He adds assignments to the syllabus as he goes along and lecture is a snoozer...I have nothing good to say about him.
Professor Goode knows the material, but does not present it well. I found him very difficult to follow, and his project instructions were very poor. I do not recommend taking this class in the spring/summer due to the hefty work load (~150 pgs of reading per day). As a side note, his grading system is very poor.
Sorry he's a nice man, but he made an interesting topic very uninteresting. Test material not covered in class, documents dull, ambiguous grading style etc. Stay away. Take Sidelko.
Do not take this class!!! If you take this class it means that you did not listen to me. I am a senior and I put more work into this class than I did in my capstone. Plan on reading over 75 pages before each class and writing a 12 page essay at the end. Very difficult and do not recommend!!!!
THIS GUYS NUTS!!! Boring lectures,hard exams and VERY TIME CONSUMING. Difficult of capstone classes. Must be able to remember every detail of the crap he slings at you. including specific dates. All of them. Absolutely love foreign rltns than take.
Very hard teacher. Knows his stuff well, but cannot teach. His idea of a great paper is an A-. Don't expect any higher.
Hardest class, got a B+, B+, A- on papers, poor on tests got a C overall. AVOID!
He told me that he did not like my "style of writing"!
If you are not his favourite, do not take him.You must suck up to make it.
Sexual abuser
I have no talent going into this class and so I expected to learn HOW to do things, as it turns out I just paid hundreds of dollars to PRACTICE drawing in class. I understand that practice is important but I could just as easily practice drawing at home and save money. He was less than clear most of the time and I hardly learned to draw better.
Don't go to an art class expecting to paint what you want and think that is an excuse for your poor grades. Jesse is there to teach a specific curriculum, however his lack in communication skills makes it impossible to take anything from the class. His character is out there and he is well educated, specific, and moody. You learn nothing, here.
Cancelled class just because a small amount of students forgot their materials, threw temper tantrums, ignored some students, highly unprofessional and condescending.
Complete space case. If you want to learn, don't choose this professor...
This is a beginners art class, and Jesse didn't treat it like one. Graded on if you could draw really well when he should be grading on effort and passion for the subject. Very rude and disrespectful. I did not appreciate or even ask for his criticism. His assignments were uninteresting and boring. Good luck if you're stuck with him.
Horrible professor. Straight up told me that my painting skills would never cut it in his class. I made it through the first week of class before dropping his class. He offers no help and will tell you what he thinks you're trying to do and then when u try to explain yourself will cut you off and say no this is what you were doing. a horrible prof
This prof really bothered me. I hated how he imposes his ideas on student's paintings, and required them to conform if they valued receiving a good grade. I too was forced to TEARS on some occasions, and the worse part was I witnessed the same thing happening to 2 other students in my class. He does wear a facade of being easygoing, don't be fooled
Art is my love and this man had my in tears after class on numerous occasions. I was so excited for my first college art course and he chattered my dreams. He, himself, plays a huge role into why I'm transferring next year. I HATE him.
I didn't like him at all. He always tried to change my art drawings. He never likes the way you do you designs unless they are how he wants them. What ever you do, don't miss his class. He tells important information during class time and he will change like where the class meets when a lot of people are gone. What ever you can do, take a diff. pro
He made so angry and frustrated that I walked out of class crying. And I wasn't the first to do that during that semester. There was 2 or 3 other students who did that too.
Everything negative that you read about this prof is TRUE. Don't give him your pencil...he'll scribble all over your drawing. I learned NOTHING from him. Pathetic for an INTRODUCTORY class. A lot of his comments are based on his personal opinion, and not on much else. I've seen him degrade wonderful work. BAD PROF!
This was supposed to be an easy class- turns out you CAN get a terrible grade for BEGINNING paintings!!! no intruction- this skills should just be "built in" - VERY unclear with assignments- also tries too hard to be funny- just dont take him if you dont like unecessary stress
i was in his painting class and being another girl and see how he acts towards others, no doubting it he picked favorites. doesnt explain well so usualy had to show you what he ment by actualy painting on your work himself. sometimes i felt insulted. helpful only when you make him pay attention to you.
I agree with the bad ratings that he gets. He's a horrible professor. No solid foundation is taught from him. Favortism, oh yeah, better believe it. You better be a hot girl and wear short skirts to get attention. :) I know, I saw this. Wish I was a girl.
Extremely poor teaching methods. Unfair. Lost in his own world. Almost completely incapable of communicating with. Overpaid.
Besides being ****ed, disgusting, childish, and immature, he offers zero help and you end up with a poor grade. If you are interested in any real instruction, do not take Jesse Dominquez.
After spending a month in Italy with him, I realized that Jesse is a creepy man who selects a favorite student and showers her with an embarassing amount of attention while leaving the rest of his students in the dust. I think he should be fired.
he is a total freak, I think he inhales too many fumes, definitly NOT sexy
If you can take a different professor do it! You can tell he knows the material but does a horrible job of teaching it. Homework is assigned before you even learn that chapter and takes hours! You turn in homework for completion so you never know if its done correctly or not. He has a funny personality but can come off as rude at times.
If you have the option of chooisng any other professor I suggest you take it. He did a terrible job of explaining everything, the only way I was able to learn the material was by going to tutoring. He doesnt check if the Hw you turn in is correct so you have no idea if you are doing it right.
He is awful. He has no idea what he is doing and is one of the only if not the only accounting professor who tries to lecture with little to no examples. He does not grade home work for accuracy so until the exam you have no idea if youre doing it right. You have 8 hours of home work a week
Boring. Boring. Boring. I'm sure he's a nice guy, but he never stops talking. I always felt like I was trapped with no way out. And, he doesn't grade most of the exams and hw turned in till the very end of the semester so you have no idea how you're doing. Can't say I learned much either... too boring to pay any attention.
Worst Prof I have ever taken at GV. Class takes quizzes and exams but never know the correct answers to any of the questions. I feel we should know what we did wrong and build of that. Random essay assignments are a pain. This prof should not be teaching at all.
Not a very effective lecturer. He knows the subject well, but does not prepare at all for class, and relies too heavily on the slides ? which contained errors! Assignments were returned only near the end of the semester, or never. An awful presentation of what could have been a good class.
A complete joke. I've never had a prof. who put such little effort into teaching, its as if he just didn't care if we got anything from the course. Arrogant and tough to take seriously. Got our 1st grade back with 1 week left in the semester. In 140+ credits at GV, I've never gotten less from a class. GVSU should expect more from its faculty.
What a boring class. doesn't help students or care...SUA is horrible...avoid him
hard to stay away in class. Very unclear.
Very boring class, did not learn a thing, waste of my time!
Horrible. said he only teaches because of the money
Nice guy, terrible teacher.
He likes to hear his own voice and doesn't care about the class.
tells what is on exams, some are too stupid to realize it!
this guys a joke, just took the final...yup, didnt know anything.
This is the biggest waste of your time becuase of him.
Grade B, Knowlegde retained 0, This is a "Let's talk about me" prof.
One of the worst professors I have ever had with terrible teaching skills!
difficult to understand, rude, impaitient
He does not teach. Yells at class because we all fail. Awful teacher
Can anyone say....Professor Clumps. This guy is hard!
I hated this man. Quite frankly I can not belive that Grand Valley would offer him a position here, he has twisted world views and he against everything that America stands for. He has no respect for U.S. soldiers and lets us know that as Grand Valley students all we are good for is middle management. This class is the worst ever!
Very easy but preachy class. Everybody gets As, but no one knows what he is talking about.
Great Teacher. he helps you out a lot. very good on his grading also
By far the worst professor I've ever had - horribly confusing assignments, and even more confusing explanations when asked for clarification. Also, I'm not sure if he even knows it's a 100 level class because he grades every assignment harder than my 400 level class professors. If you care about your GPA and mental health, DO NOT take this prof.
Guy grades like we are in graduate school when he is teaching intro to soc. Absolutely ridiculous, worst class I have taken and I am in my senior year with a 3.9 GPA.

Cannot recommend, very unclear expectations with everything, but especially with papers. I am an English major who is pretty solid with paper writing (consistent A's, lots of perfect papers) and I received low B's on both his papers.
I am normally an A student. I swear this professor does not give A's! So frustrated with how tough he grades discussion boards. I loved the course material, but I really cannot stand how tough of a grader this guy is.
Battani was one of the worst professors I've had. He is such a hard grader for a level 200 class. Would not recommend if you want to read over 70+ pages a week.
Do not purchase the textbooks. Be prepared for video lectures and lots of group work. Very bland video lectures. Essay Exams. Hard Quizzes. If you don't have a masters in sociology, don't take him. He expects you to be a sociological genius, but never gives you the skills to succeed. Very vague grading outlines.
Only time I ever took a class named after the professor. I took "Social Problems". Seriously, this guy has problems facing students. No eye contact, writes in caps on the board, bites his nails while lecturing. Very strange bird. Obsessed with B
if there is another prof take them because this man treats students as if they are idiots. if he likes you then you will get a good grade
This man should be teaching graduate school. Extremely hard to understand and relate to tests/paper preparations. Best advice, get notes off BB and bring a tape recorder!
Text does not relate to Social Psych. He is not very clear on what he says and expects out of papers & tests. Not really willing to help. I think he decides the grade that you are going to get at the beginning of class based on first tests and papers
Never went to class, and studied at home to receive my A, He gives the question
he doesn't have a consistent grading scale, and he grades papers too hard
Very good, helpful, and knowledgeable, papers are hard to get above a C!
Dry and long lectures. Too old to provide relevant teaching style. Does not show interest in student success. Grumpy. Must do much self teaching. Too bad more professors don't teach con. law...
Prof was late an hour for the first day of my summer class. Didn't know what day class started on. Bad...
What a waste of money...if people think he is great it is because he doesn't require you to really learn anything, and trust me, I think it will catch up with us when we start working...he gave us all an "A" when he forgot to bring the exam. I was disappointed and dismayed...he was highly entertaining, but could have gone to vegas for less...
If you want an easy class take him, we had 2 take home exams and he lets you use notes on the in class exams. He is the most unorganized prof I have ever had. Dont bother being on time cause he never is and his lectures are boring. He covers so little of the book in class, we might have made it through half the book. The tests were worded tough a
OMG!Ok guys does this sound familiar? let's see, "Ok class, I'd like u all to group up into a group, or uh, well let's see, why don't I just pair u off, no, that's no good, ok u can pick your partners for this assignment." This Prof was a nice guy but sisn't know his head from someone else's at time
HE NEEDS TO TAKE THE MARBLES OUT OF HIS MOUTH
He's a nice guy who can't teach. Teaches calc 1 in a why that makes it hard to go into calc 2, like going from French 1 to Spanish 2. He teaches things differently than the book so you can't give yourself help. I went to the learning center and could not get help because he teaches so weird. I DO NOT recommend.
Ed Parker has his own math language and definitions. He believes that the writers of the textbook were wrong and that his language is more fitting. This means you can not refer to the book for help. Say NO if you are considering him as your next teacher. Tests are usually written in a language that looks chinese and his grading is not much better.
I'm a math major and could not understand a word Parker said. Nice man, but invents his own definitions and complicates basic calculus. Disagrees with the standard definitions of limits, infinity, (x,y) coordinates, etc. All tests graded differently per student, and questions assigned random point values. Avoid at all costs.
Doesn't teach out of the book, instead he has written around 20 of his own definitions which he feels it better than the text. Completely useless teacher and his definitions made no sense and didn't help me to learn math at all.
Do not take this class. Nicest man in the world but doesn't teach you a thing you need to know. Nobody can help you thru the class and all you can hope for is a C or D. It will screw you over for Math 108 and 207. DO NOT TAKE IT. RUN.
DONT TAKE THIS TEACHER! WORST CLASS/TEACHER OF MY LIFE!!!!! he makes up his own math and tells you that things you have learned in the past are untrue! I loved math until i had this class! do not ever take this class your will regret it from the first day you walk in that door! RUN!!!!
I should have listened to all these other ratings before taking him. You will not learn calculus. You will be completely unprepared for any class or test thereafter (i.e. MCAT). Do not take this class if you are serious about learning something useful.
I'll get straight to the point. Parker is a genius, He knows everything there is to know about math to an extent, and is brilliant. However, he is absolutely horrible at teaching a lower level calc class. He has a system and refuses to recognize the own textbook formulas and pattern matching as he likes to call it as he assigned.
One of the most useless classes ever. Don't take him! I have no clue how anyone passes this class. He admitted he makes this stuff up! No textbook at all.
Such a nice guy, but quite possibly the WORST teacher ever. He speaks his own "language of mathematics" that no one else, or no other book use. He literally talks in circles and teaches nothing. As my first real Calc class I learned absolutely nothing, and had to retake the class over the summer.
Miserable class, Prof expects students to be genius, willing to help but it wont help he will jsut explain the same crap overagain that dosnt make senese
this class was not all that's cracked up to be. He is very unclear as a teacher. Be prepared to be confused most of the time. since there's no textbook his notes are scribbled all over the board. the guy is definaley a genius but he is just not teaching material. go to all classes or you WILL BE LOST
The man is the most pathetic excuse for a math teacher walking the face of the earth. Seriously, he has shattered the record for all-time worst teacher; congrats parker, you've set a new low. All he does is sit on his ass in the back of class and make students do presentations. There's no instruction, no explanation, and just a final exam for grade
So difficult in terms of grasping what he's teaching. There is no syllabus or anything to be prepared for what you're learning. Most unorganized class ever and I feel like nothing I learned will help me in my teaching career. We spent like 3 weeks on one math problem!
Run Run Run...he is horrible and insensitive professor but great as a person...I worked my butt off in his class and I barely made it. And the math center wont be able to help you b/c they don't speak "Parkaresse" as they call it.
do not take this class! i went to every single class and i'm barely pulling a d. he makes up his own language, and he's so hard to follow.
This man is the worst teacher I've ever had. His lectures are completely incomprehensible, and he is not helpful whatsoever when you ask him questions. He has his own language, and his methods contradict everything you've ever learned in math. DO NOT TAKE HIM!
If you want to sit through torture take this class. I went to every class this year and probably barely pulled off a D.
DON'T TAKE HIM!
This prof was horrible!!! DON'T TAKE HIM! He makes no sense! His tests are impossible and even if you try.... you just get lost. He can't teach at all. I thought that I had done well on the last test and studied really hard for it... but I ended up doing horrible! DO NOT TAKE HIM!
I dropped my statistics major because of this guy's calculus I class.
worst calc teacher ever, does not follow text, very inept
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! This is the worst Math professor at JMU. Forget about him being a nice guy because at the end he will still slap you with an F. You learn stuff that has no meaning anywhere else except in his class. Someone should force him to change his teaching method, very ineffective!!
This class should be banned. I was sitting in this class and it was like the professor was speaking Chinese! It makes NO SENSE what so ever! You do not learn anything that is applicable to anything! His tests consist of writing a specified number of tally marks and how jenny's of jenny. STAY AWAY
its simple--> nice guy. horrible teacher. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
I am a math major and Ed Parker is the worst teacher I have ever had. He forces you to learn his own little made up language. It amuses him to watch people stuggle and not understand what he means. He loves to confuse people. I enjoy math and always have until I took his class. STAY AWAY!!!!
Really nice guy but horrible teacher. Doesn't follow the book, has his own "language" that is really confusing. Don't take him unless you want migraines everyday.
i dropped out of this class the third day into the semester.RUN RUN AWAY AS FAST AS YOU CAN!
why is he even a teacher. cant teach, cant understand, doesnt use the book..and has to memorize alot of definitions..seemed pointless. exams seemed like they were written in french..
THE WORST Professor EVER! this class will ruin your GPA. When I took his class I thought he was speaking Japanese!! Makes no sense at all. If you are not good at math stay far away
he is horrible...stay away...you will learn nothing
what a moron, he pretends he's smart and confuses easy concepts in the process
DO NOT TAKE!!!
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Class was crazy
He does not teach math the way it is suppose to be taught!
failed the lowest math Jmu has w/ Parker.retaking w/ Roberson- have an A
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS
Sister Cathrine is very rude. She is blunt and mean to her students. She compares students in her class saying, "he's better than you, isn't he." How awful for a teacher to do to a student! I am glad I only had to have her for two semesters and then I never have to take another class from her again. Yes, she's a nun, but she's awful.
Sister Catherine needs to retire. She is so rude and heartless. She has been doing this job way to long. I am so ready for when I never have to deal with her again. Don't take any class if you can avoid it.
She needs to retire
She was rude and mean all year long in theroy...She was wonderful at pointed out what you do wrong, and seemed to miss what you did well. Makes people feel really small
Not helpful in Sight Singing or Theory. If you don't come in knowing the stuff, you won't learn much. If you already know the stuff, then you don't need to be in her class. You can't win.
Too easy! Not worth taking. No challenges. Blow off class. Blow off prof. Needs more rigor.
It is so easy a monkey could get an A, and some do. What a waste of my tuition dollars. If everybody gets an A, why bother having the class? I think Mrs. Bailey should think about actually challenging her students. I am here to actually learn something, not be given a grade.
That class was a total snooze. We spent three weeks talking about diversity (which seemed to be her favorite subject) and two weeks on professionalism. We only spent one week talking about the laws because she did not know much about it. Funny considering that is what keeps us out of trouble.
This woman has no idea about all the education programs on campus. I'm in the music program, and when 20 music ed majors ask her how any of this stuff applies to the music ed program, she just gives you a blank look.
If you don't mind teaching yourself then this class could be for you. For me he was hard to follow. I didn't learn much in the class, but managed to get a good grade. The final was optional, which was nice. If he gives you a practice exam or a handout, study the heck out of it. More than likely your exam will look almost identical to it.
He doesn't give partial credit, it's either right, or wrong, he doesn't teach, just goes crazy doing problems on the board, but doesn't explain them, and if you have a question over what he just did, he just does it again, and doesn't explain it.
He killed my interest in Math. It's such a strange dichotomy going on with him... you'll sit in class and wonder why you're even there, then you'll get the test back and see you got a 17%, but it got curved to a 92%. So very strange. But yeah, he pretty much killed Math for me.
Huge curve so i got a B without learning anything, but now that i need to know probability for other classes i am falling way behind.
HORRIble... he can't teach, so he just curves everything like crazy!! worst teacher i've ever had.. got a B and didn't learn squat
Seems to know what he's talking about, but has trouble getting the students to understand. Curves are unbelievable, 60% and up for an A on the first exam, might be an easy grade, but I won't know much Linear Algebra when the class is over
Found instructor very unhelpful. Never explained anything, just worked out problems on the board all day
I honestly cannot believe this professor still has a job. She would constantly hold herself as better than her students, and belittled anyone who questioned her teaching methods. She is a sweet person when you aren't talking about anything related to class or material, but thats not really very helpful for basically any student.
While passionate about her class, she does not respect the student. Her classroom etiquette is one where she calls students out on their mistakes in front of the entire class, forces you to answer when it is obvious that you are struggling, and her classes sometimes do not get filled and she tries to deflect from it by participation being heavy.
she isn't fair when English is your first language
very nasty individual -- no kind of respect for students very self centered and non-considerate of his students feelings in my view he is ****.
soo boring! He thinks he knows everything about teaching.. he should use some of his knowlegde to make his own class more fun.. I teach now and nothing from his class has been useful to me.. if u can avoid him.. you are well advised to do so!
The lectures are equation based. The equations are not well explained making the class material very hard to understand. There is not clarification of the material. There is a lack of help for those who do not understand the material. The class is about how the atmosphere works, but he does not believe in climate change.
awful class. sooo boring. his tests are off the slides but still very tricky and material is way out there. if you want to be a weatherman then this class is for you-if not get out.
Horrible, horrible class. WAY to hard for a intro class. I studied harder for this class than any other and did worse in it. Tries to trick you on the tests, try to avoie at all costs
THE WORST CLASS EVER, no intro class should be so unclear and his tests are way tricky...never take
Take it if you enjoy teaching yourself everything. Mr. Funny Guy makes jokes all period that aren't funny to anyone but himself and his groupies.
he sucks, boring, test are imposible to take if hungover
He is a very hard grader if you feel you did good on a paper or test make sure too triple proof I gave my all and still got a C. He grades based on his opinion and his cultural views can be a bit twisted and give false information based on what he has read and not off of actual facts based on what people have lived. He is not a good teacher
He grades based on opinions. If your opinion is not the same as his, he takes points off, unless you can back it up with sources, although he still says it is wrong. His grading is EXTREMELY inconsistent and makes no sense. He grades super hard for everything. Very hard class and super biased. It was his way or the highway for everything!
I'm only a month in & I regret not dropping this class. SO much reading & he grades the papers incredibly hard with his vague prompts. He also has this weird obsession with thesis statements and contradicts the English prof's suggestion on how to write! Timeline for work is unreasonable. This class hardcore stresses me out & it's painful to be in!!
This class was ridiculously hard. He is such a tough grader that it's a miracle if you get anything higher than a C. He is a really nice person and very lenient if you need to turn in your paper late because of a legit reason (like if you were sick). He is a great guy but a horrible teacher.
Class was super boring. There was way too much reading. Prof was very unclear and went off on stuff that was not important. Only a couple grades so super hard to get a good grade. He grades way too hard and does not give clear answers.
Can't figure what point he's trying to make. Very unclear and boring
Great lecturer - and I had him for a 3 hour class!
She is the worst professor I have had to deal with. She gives SAU and Psychology a bad name. She is incredibly unclear on her expectations for assignments. She is very arrogant. She does not grade objectively in the slightest. Awful person...even worse as a professor.
she's my advisor and she's useless. i went to her to get help with my schedule because i'm a transfer and she gave me a sheet with wrong information on it and told me to figure it out. i've not been back to ask for help. I have had to tell her what classes i need for my major, she does not want to take time for her students unless they suck up her.
I also got an A in her Phys Psych class, but she is a Terrible prof!! Her emotions are out of whack, and she complains constantly. Absolutely worst teacher at SAU. She needs a reality check and needs to clean up her act before coming to class.
it was a dark and rainy day and i was down on my luck and i was asked to have a meeting with this person "Yeaman". upon my arriving to her small cubicle she began to belittled and tease me about my low GPA. this all took place in her cubicle and then i left the college shortly after her full frontal attack on my emotions.
She's terrible and super mean! Don;t take her ever!
Out to prove that alternative lifestyles our cool at Christian Universities. Not a very scholarly prof.
Your terrible. worst class I ever had. get organized sir. stop with your stupid words like mami jami. thats high school. we are in college. and no, a person who has caner does not need to take over class. how much were we paying totakeoneclass?
ouch. just retire
wow this is horrible
worst class I ever have taken (well sci inquiry tops it, but not by much.) anyway, Gates is very anyoying, for the last time, we get the 100000000 hints you need only say it once. yea you may know your stuff. but be proffesional. and no more calling
This is the most unorganized class ever.. I never know what shes talking about or why it relates to anything. Be prepared to sit through meaningless lectures then write meaningless papers
This professor is extremely unorganized. She acts organized but in reality the course is a bunch of long papers and random projects that teach you nothing. You get graded on how well you pick out sources, how well you write, and, how much you write. Basically an English class with mumble jumble busy work.
I can honestly say that this was the most useless and pointless class I've ever taken at Delaware. Most of the class is her rambling on about random topics and never actually teaching us anything. All i've ever done in this glass is do pointless and vague group projects on stuff I've already learned in other fashion classes.
She is, hands down, the absolute WORST professor I have ever had the displeasure of taking during my time at Delaware. She is rude, unclear and dispassionate. It kind of blows my mind how mean and bad she is. Never take her if you can help it.
Attendance is mandatory. She asked our class of fashion merchandising students, "Have you ever heard of Versace or are you too young?"....? I dread her class because she is uninteresting and doesn't seem to know anything valuable about the fashion industry. Bummed that this class is SO bad because it has potential to be cool. Pre-req & easy.
For the past four years I have had the WORST experience having her as both an advisor & professor. Not only is she a terrible teacher, but she is ignorant and disrespectful towards her students. I do not recommend her by any stretch!!!
Although this is the easiest class ever, I dread every second of it...and because she takes attendance, you have to go. She's so particular about everything, but she doesn't seem to have much of a clue about what shes doing. And don't try to make any compromises with her...its not gonna happen.
Wow, what a mean,unpersonable, and seemingly unhappy woman. Tests are easy if you study your notes, but class time is SUCH a drag. Why should you want to be there if your professor just regurgitates the book. She is a bit scary and unapproachable.
DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS
She is very unclear and scatterbrained. Talking to her and acting as much as an environmentalist as she is might help. Tests were difficult.
Plays favorites, abuses grading power, is a MISERABLE person and takes it out on her students for self-therapy. Course has NO STRUCTURE, she treats us like kindergartners (inane class activities, leaves room to go fetch candy after being nasty to us
Accused 17 students (out of 26) of plagiarism on a take-home test and gave those 17 students 50s. Also threatened to take us to Honor Council.
chooses favorites and doesnt like to be challenged
very unfair, she doesn't know how to prepare you for the HORRIBLE water project
the test are difficult but the projects are easy
One of worst I have had over the years. I took this course for my major and hated it. I know group projects are important. We had two group presentations throughout the semester and she needs to understand its not easy for some individuals to speak in public like she can. She mentioned in class average presentation was a B. She need more patience.
I have studied over 7 hours for a test. Still have no idea what we learned. Way too much information overload in her lectures. Too many topics and lessons to cover in such a short period of time. She is not a mean Prof. but I would still not recommend her.
By far the worst professor I have ever had. Did not give any instruction and had students figure out work by themselves. She put in no effort to help out especially during COVID. Impossible to learn anything. No instruction at all in group project and very very picky. Cannot stress enough do not take her!!!!
Professor Crampton asks for a lot of effort from her students, but doesn't put in much effort herself. There is no effort on her end to make the lectures/class even remotely interesting, and the last month of class is basically taught by the students. Frequent homework assignments that take long, and grades TOUGH on the group projects.
Professor Crampton is honestly the worst. There is no other way to put it. Her lectures consists of her straight talking at you with a PowerPoint. So boring, I wanted to skip everyday. Her syllabus outlines are long and clear but she changes things up all the time and is annoying particular on both group projects. I learned absolutely nothing.
She is the absolute worst. Grading and expectations are only listed in the syllabus and she does not talk about it in class. Seriously the worst professor on this campus.
Just dont do it honestly
Would not recommend this professor to anybody. The final project has ridiculous guidelines that are almost impossible to meet. The final project also consists of the students teaching the class for the last part of the semester. She is super confusing and doesnt answer questions clearly.
Been in this class for 4 weeks and already dont know whats going on. Very unclear expectations and does not talk about/go over the chapters in a way that should help with the test.
Don't take her. End of story.
stay away! If you want to learn anything do not take this professor. She rambles all class about nonsense and reads directly off powerpoint. She expects way too much out of class that is based on common sense. The group projects are horrendous she expects your group to have a 30-40 minute presentation about three, one min clips. Do not take!
Isn't much of a teacher. She relies on the online homework, which she doesn't create, and reads off power points for every single lecture. If you are able to do the online work on time and can handle sitting through incredibly boring lectures where you won't learn anything, she may be the teacher for you.
She went through the powerpoint slides so quickly, it was almost impossible to take notes and would fly through them at the end to cram in info. We had case studies throughout the semester but only collected a few, so your grade depended on the exams and group projects. I went to her office hours once and that wasn't even helpful
Crampton was a very difficult professor. She was a tough grader and was hard to please. Also, she was usually sassy and not really excited to help students out. I am usually an A and B student and ended up with a C+ in her class, which lowered my seidman gpa. I would strongly advise you to take someone else.
Do not take this class, the group project itself isn't bad until the presentation. She drills you with questions, and makes you look stupid in front of the class. She talks down to you and is rude. She is a tough grader, and takes it way too serious for the level of the course.
She ran this entry level MGT course similarly to a 400 level course. Case studies are your main source of course work and unfortunately she grades incredibly harsh. The group project paper isn't difficult, however, be ready for a painful question and answer period following your presentation.
You will lose your confidence in writing papers because of this lady. Lectures are extremely fatiguing. She tries to make common sense material tougher than it really is. The woman is worse than the Joker in the Dark Knight movie.
She is so mean. Unreal. Most inconsistent grader and cannot back up the points she takes off. LEctures serve absolutely no purpose and the exams are awful. I am an A student and this class killed my GPA. Don't take her.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME! Seriously, DON'T TAKE HER! Class is miserable, doesn't care about her students, is VERY rude to students she doesn't like, class/taking notes is pointless because the exams have nothing to do with what is spoken in class, all out of the book. Tests are VERY specific and CONFUSING. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS OR TEACHER
OMG the worst prof. at GVSU. if she wasnt taking attendence for grade, i would never went her class. It was usuless and waisting of my time. She talks about nothing related to the class and the exams are much harder than it should be. For the exam you have to read a single word to word from the text book. She teaches nothing, absolutly nothing.
OMG the worst prof. at GVSU.I just hate her so much. if she wasnt taking attendence for my grade, i would never went her class. It is usuless. She talks about nothing related to the class and the exams are much harder than it should be. For the exam you have to read a single word to word from the text book. She teaches nothing, absolutly nothing.
Tests are very difficult! Lectures are not helpful at all - everything on test comes straight out of the book. She expects you to memorize the book - multiple choice and essay questions are based on random sentences from the book. Don't pay attention in lectures - she contradicts the textbook.
If you need to lower your GPA take her. Lectures straight from the book and writes the exam from another planet. I would have done just as well if everything was in greek. Worst Prof ever.
This class stunk! Get out unless you have a very good memory or you want 2 fail
GVSU really needs to get rid of her. Tests are impossible and so are lectures
wow! exams suck, she did curve the final grades once she realized we all had F's
Wanna fail out of school?? Take her and she'll make it possible!! Hard tests
very good at confusing the class, not giving a clue as to what is on the exams,
She doesn't explain anything. If I was you, I wouldn't take this teacher.
Don't disagree with her or you will be in for a long uphill battle.
Avoid at all costs! She talks about work & defines terms, but test on "What if"
tells you basically upfront that you are stupid, has a high ego, very ignorant
biggest jerk in the world, quizzes everyday... lectures are stupid...
Worst professor I had at GVSU. Don't take him if you enjoy learning.
Only cares about making himself look good. Will not agree with you, even if you are right! The man should not be teaching--well, maybe high school courses.
I always wonder who can write anything good about this man. He is pure politics, and cares little about his students. He changed the way he taught WRT 495 after teaching it once--because he knew that what he was teaching was POINTLESS! Not that it helps me...I already took the stupid class.
Defensive. Closed-minded. Pointless assignments that have nothing to do with writing. If you are an above average student, do not take him. He will feel threatened by you, and it will reflect upon your grades.
This guy sucks. It is week 12 of this class and nothing is graded. He teaches extremely fast and has no idea how to explain things in a simple way.
Horrible professor. He is never prepared for class & we never learned anything worthwhile. Make a copy of every worksheet that you do, because he will not give you a single graded paper until the last day of the semester, which means you have no clue what your grade is. Don't bother buying the book. Quizzes are online, tests are take home.
Dr. McCargar was the worst professor I have ever had. He "teaches" solely by handing you a workbook, putting you in groups, and having you teach yourself. He was unable to clearly answer questions. Tests averaged in the 50s. We had to do a 10 page research paper that he never graded. Pretty sure final grades were how much he liked you.
He assigns you to complete modules, which consist of the material for the week and then a quiz at the end of them. Basically, you end up teaching yourself. Lectures are about terms and what the different functions are, but not how to use them. He is very condescending and rude when you ask for help, making you feel bad about yourself.
He does NOT clearly explain concepts. When questions are asked he just mumbles through them. Everything is quickly gone over through powerpoint. Test are term based and fairly difficult,much preparation is needed to get a B. Lab is pointless, basically we just do worksheets. The final is cumulative and still counts as the same % as a regular test.
He does NOT clearly explain concepts. When questions are asked he just mumbles through them. Everything is quickly gone over through powerpoint. Test are term based and fairly difficult,much preparation is needed to get a B. Lab is pointless, basically we just do worksheets. The final is cumulative and still counts as the same % as a regular test.
Absolutely terrible.
Very hard class! He cancels class quite often. Does not help outside of class, and doesn't respond to e-mails. Overall, try not to get him as a teacher and you should be fine.
Does not teach the material so his students can understand, expects students to have a large amount of geography knowledge, even though this is a 100 level class. Very confusing, very hard tests. His lecture note pages are curling with age, no revision.
terrible!!!!!!
Obamacare is bad. Government is bad. Markets are good. These are O'Neill's political views, and they are all you will learn from his class. He brings in entrepreneurs to tell you about their experience but at no point does he attempt to teach you meaningful concepts. Most of the class is just discussing opinion articles from the WSJ. Avoid.
Class is pretty easy over all and kind of boring but he doesn't explain anything for projects and is really unclear sometimes. Two easy tests, two projects. A lot of guest speakers to teach concepts for him.
I did not enjoy this class. He is always very rude to students and doesnt care about your opinion unless its his opinion. You cannot give feedback in class because he says you are wrong (when you are not). I graduated at BCF a really long time ago but did not feel like I could speak up on here while I was there because it is such a small program.
I just feel that someone should speak up about this Professor. This man is very rude to you if you are not one of his favorites. I made great grades and maintained a very high GPA. However, he gives bad grades if you do not do everything to his idea of perfection (impossible). You can do the best you physically can yet its not good enough.
HE IS THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD. if you are cursed with his class, then run run very very very far away. he is boring, unorganized, slow, unhelpful, and did I mention boring. NEVER EVER EVER take his class
He made me hate Comm! He doesn't know how to teach, impossible to get an A. No matter how long you study you won't know the q's on the test. Studied 3 days for the final and knew only 1/3 of the q's. Very rude and bitter man.
quizzes are easy. tests are hard.No study guides for big tests. the man has a sarcastic reply for anything you question him about. he never admits to any wrong interpretation he may have given in class.and he didnt give out teacher evaluations at the end.
THIS WAS THE MOST BORING CLASS EVER!! NEVER TAKE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO FALL ASLEEP!!
Save yourself, run!! I hated this class, very boring, puts you to sleep, he knows waaaay to much, loves comm nothing else
Class sucks! Teacher is horrible. Says it will be easy but it isn't. Most boring teacher known to man.
I miraculously got a B in his class, but everyone says that Wulfemeyer is easier
Boring. Test & quiz material is too broad.
do not take this class... SO UNCLEAR, worst class ive taken at sdsu
will not tell you what to study on the final, does not help you at all
skips around too much and he always repeats himself
Pretty easy, lots of days off . Ez B Hard A
very tedious and unclear essay assignments
He's a nice guy and really tries to teach the materials, but its extremely difficult when he explains it in the language of the nerdy mathematical world. But honestly, he's a really nice teacher, just confusing. Try to learn from the textbook if you have him....and avoid 8AM classes!!!
This class shouldnt have been that hard, but he has made it incredibly hard. Pulls questions from the test out of nowhere. Moves really slow thru the chapters and then has to play catch up at the end. He really is a nice guy overall, but just is not good at being clear when explaing things.
Worst class I've ever taken. Tests are impossible and he can't teach. DON'T TAKE HIM!
To be honest, this guy is the absolute WORST professor i have ever had. He is not helpful, he doesn't make sense, and his grading policy is entriel unfair. Whatever you do, steer clear of his classes.
Worst techer that I've had at JMU. He knows the material but cannot teach it to save his life. I highly recommend David Walton for 232.
WORST math professor on earth. and I'm an expert on bad ones...i had Yesilcay for MATH 220. But this guy is WORSE. Impossible to follow and totally abstract. DO NOT TAKE ANY CLASSES WITH THIS PROFESSOR
if you aren't a math person, don't take him. if you are a math person, still don't take him. he doesn't explain how to do anything at all, he just gives you theories and expects you to know what to do. very nice man but awful teacher.
smart guy, but has no idea how to teach. id have been better off driving down I-81 and throwing my money out the window than paying JMU tuition for class. taught all material to myself from book (which is also not the best math book either). has curves on tests and getting a C in class is not out of reach... but you won't learn anything
TERRIBLE!!
AVOID AT ALL COSTS---Nice guy...but he could care less how you do or how hard you work. Class was boring and didnt make any sense at all. I was totally lost everyday.
On the first day of class he said, "I'm not a teacher, I'm a mathematician. To me, math is an art." He's an awful teacher, wait! I wouldn't even call him a teacher. He just pulls numbers out of the sky and uses them and never explains why. Worst teacher ever! If you have him, switch immediately.
DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS, although he was nice the class was boring and incredibly hard. weirdest math class that I have ever taken in my entire life...
Stay away!! Math is my best subject and I didn't understand a bit of this (despite getting an A thanks to his weird grading). It's all about theorems that he doesn't give any meaning to. He never connected what we were doing to something concrete.
nice guy but horrible teacher. there's no point in going to class, he'll just confuse you even more. i had taken calc before and it was still impossible. grading system very weird though, i should have gotten a d or f but i got a c...take someone else
Self-absorbed teacher not focused at simplifying or explaining the purpose of this useless subject.
I have taken Calc before and still am failing this class. On one test, I got 9 of 10 answers correct but got a D because of notation (I wrote the answer in the wrong place) - STAY AWAY!
He sucks and doesnt care if kids get it or not.
GOOD GOD! this teacher is so bad! he doesn't care if anyone understands him, he just rambles on about nonsense and he marks down every answer you give on your test by at least 2 points for "notation".
I had him 3 years ago as a freshman. By far the hardest class I have ever had. I was lucky to get a D. He is much smarter than the kids he teaches, that is the problem. He will help you outside of class but still impossible class.
worst teacher i've ever had, and a complete A$$HOLE. Maybe he's good when he teaches upper 300 and 400 level math classes, but not Math 236. I took the class again with a different teacher and got an A.
worst math teacher ever
avoid him at all costs!! doesnt know how to teach!
worst teacher in the history of teaching
???
Uses a lot of words to explain nothing! Avoid him if possible!
SUCKS... Run for your life now!
you should be failing already
Horrible Teacher, Horrible Class, Man had noooooo idea what he was talking about
he can not explain anything
he knows what he is teaching......not HOW to teach it...NOT GOOD!!!!
Fudges the grades, grading on "creativity" in a math class.
very smart.........can't teach a lick
He's nice, he tries, but he just can't teach.
Horrible, Horrible teacher!!!
an amazing mathematician who has no clue how to teach
He is the worst possible teacher you could ever get. Hes unfit to be a teacher.He doesnt help you at all, you teach yourself. Half of his class is him rambling about things that dont have anything to do with anything and the other half is you having to make sense of his "Terrible 10's" with a group. He doesnt lecture and doesnt even attempt to.
he does not explain anything clearly. no one knows when assignments are due. took him 2 months to grade our first test. you have to teach yourself because he doesnt lecture anything. memorize the vocab and study the "terrible 10s" for the tests and you should pass. horrible class if you actually want to learn, sucks he is the only prof for this sub
Gaft was very forgetful. Did not return papers on time or at all. Not clear on exams. Relied on group work too much.Needs to retire.
Why does MCC still allow this professor to teach? We are paying good money to LEARN something. It's such a shame he is the ONLY instructor who teaches this class. I have 103 credits at MCC and I have never had such a horrible teacher. I dropped the class because I am 39 years old and not about to waste 16 weeks of my life. Shame on MCC.
Most ridiculous prof I've ever had. He is so rude and so unclear. The class is ALL group work because he is to lazy to teach the material himself. When he does lecture it is about something completely unrelated to the course. Easy class if you work hard and take all extra credit opportunities but your pretty much learning the material on your own.
I've taken 5 psych classes so far and he is the worst teacher out of all of them. Teach yourself the material because he can't/won't/doesn't. He took 2 months to give back one of our exams, returned only 1 out of 3 papers. Know every single case study, and statistic because that's what is on your exams...or just not take his class.
Gaft is such a joke! He is extremely rude, boring and does NOT clarify himself AT ALL! He expects so much from you when he doesn't even explain half the crap!
Class SUCKED so hard
Stuffed shirt and self important, whatever he doesn't know he makes up!! Rude and not helpful. Skip this guy
Run...run far and fast! He is so disorganized, I had no idea how I was doing in the class because we never got papers or tests back. The way he runs his classroom and treats his students feels like you're back in 3rd grade, he doesn't lecture or even teach, you learn everything on your own but attendance is mandatory.
i would not at all recommend this teacher to anyone. He is very disorganized, on tests and quizzes he allows you to dispute answers but does not take it into consideration unless he can it fit to be done. He never ever lectures, projects are vaguely explained at best. his tests are on obscure parts of the book, if taking memorize the book, Goddluck
I hate this man! He needs to retire. I cannot believe I wasted this course with a teacher like him. He showed up to our first Thursday class a half hour late because he thought it was Monday! Really? Like fricken really! Then he harps on people for walking in 2 minutes after class starts. Just don't take him.
I would not recommend him. Just to retire. He rambles. He is very forgetful and it took him 20min to find our final exam.
I had Dr. Gath for Brain and the Behaviour. He also rambled on things that didn't pertain to the subject matter.He gave out reaction papers, but never turned any back. He is very forgetful and disorganised. I think it is time he retired.
I would not recommend this teacher if he were the last teacher on earth! Which is a real shame because the subject matter was fantastic...he on the other hand was unorganized, over opinionated, unfair in his grading and definitely had his "pets". His lack of clarity & organization left me as well as the rest of the class stressed out!!
I had this professor 15 years ago and he shouldn't have been teaching then--I honestly believe he suffers from dementia. Nice man--TERRIBLE teacher
Bottom line- don't take him. He is very nice but his instructions were terrible and confusing. There's also a lot of homework to do. I was so confused and stressed out by this class... he shouldn't be teaching anymore.
The worst professor I have ever had in my life. He lost my paper, and quizes. Very unorganized! Could not understand what he wanted you to turn in or when it was due. The only other thing I have to say about this guy is RETIRE!!! DO NOT TAKE HIM
Doesn't care to lecture.
I only wish he taught psychology not HIS philosophy however, He is a nice person and funny.
The only reason why you need to come to the class is to get the extra points. hes not very organized and i only found out one of my test grades. I wouldnt recommend this teacher unless youve had him before.
he is not a good professor.
i would never recommend him to anyone he is very cocky and very boring..he will also make you feel an idiot in front of the class
VERY NICE GUY.... BUT...VERY HARD CLASS. HE IS VERY CONFUSING AND HE MADE THE CLASS REAL BORING. I HATED HIS GAMES AND HIS VOICE. YOU WILL END UP DROPPING!!! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!! TESTS ARE HORRIBLE
omg wow i am never gonna take his class ever in my life....the class was interesting but he made the class very hard and he was never clear about anything....
worst teacher i have ever had. Changed the syllubus 4 or 5 times, never told us what was going on so after we came back from spring break, no one knew we had a test, and his rules changed all the time. He is the most unorganized man ive ever met! i mean, to make someone hate a class like human sexuality is hard, but he managed it.
I will be honest,after the first day of class I was ready to withdral/drop the class after told us about the notebook ect, but after I got to know him I really enjoyed his class and I really learned alot but you have to do the homework and notebook. I would recommend him to anyone.
The worst teacher i have ever had. He changed the syllabus about 5 times. He never knew what was going on at any time during the semester. Hes completely out of it and turned what was suppose to be a great class, into something i dreded going to. DO NOT take this class with this teacher if avoidable
honestly one of the worst teachers i have ever had. he is so unsure of what he is doing and made what should have been a very interesting class, into one of the worst, most boring classes i have ever taken. He is rude and is constently yelling at everyone. He def. needs to retire.
Took Psy Stats at Macomb to transfer back to my home university.I was appauled when during the 1st day of class he berated a student for getting up to use the bathroom.Not since grade school have I seen students treated so infantile.Previous reviewers have already covered his lack of teaching skill.
this man creeps me out..
Do not take him! There is huge workload that he can't even keep straight. I took the class for fun and regreted it. He is unorganized and very unfriendly. He has a bad absence rule and argues everything.
Syllabus is super unclear, he loses his temper easily and the stupid journal has no clear format, he can take points off for anything! Also, too much work for a class many people take as a required elective. Horrible teacher.
worst I have ever had! Rude, inconsistant with rules, taught nothing, and is set in his ways (1920's). Class was self taught from reading book. He will not even let people go to the restroom without making entire class take break. he needs to go!!!
Horrible at communicating what he's looking for. Lots of pointless work. Basically, memorize the daily quizzes and they're all on the test. Got an A but hated even talking to the guy. Never learned a thing. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!
Absent minded professor. Demands a lot from you but doesnt hold up his end. 3 papers, notebook, daily quizes, & 3 tests. Lots of work not much learning. Easy to get an A if you keep up on the work.
Hated this course, Tries to be funny but is not, doesn't make any sense.
DO NOT take this class. He makes extremely easy concepts hard and does not explain it good at all. He is an extremely hard grader on your exams and quizzes as well. I recommend to switch in another class as soon as possible!!
I graduated with a 3.8 GPA, my wife a 3.9 and we both almost failed this class. He was by far the worst prof we have ever had.
impossible to learn. He talks about stuff not relevant to class!
Very hard, out of 25 ppl, only 3 passed the class
Spanish 310 is impossible to master with 200 other students.
Tests were very different from practice problems and book sets. Lots of irrelevant tangents during lecture. Not a very good professor.
Do NOT take Domangue!!! The only reason I was able to pass was because I had taken stats in high school. You will have to teach yourself while still having to go to his very boring, useless, and mandatory lectures. Nice guy, but horrible at teaching!
He goes off on tangents & spends too much time on specific little things rather than broad topics. He rarely answers questions clearly & refers you back to an example that he's gone over 100 times, yet still doesn't explain clearly.
aviod
he can not talk right, has no idea what he is talking about, gives the worst examples. if you ask him a question he does not even know the answer. tries to show you how to use the calculator and then finds out he cant work it right and gives up. does not like to give A's on ANYTHING. he will argue with your reasoning, YOU ARE ALWAYS WRONG. AVOID
Very tough grader and his lectures are horrible. I had to teach myself everything from the textbook right before an exam. He takes points of for the stupid little things and is always proud when there is a low average grade on a test. Do not take!
this class was terrible. his voice puts you to sleep and then his tests are super hard.
He knows statistics but he is not good at teaching it. I dropped the class after 2 weeks. You cannot understand what he is saying because he laughs at everything he says and mumbles. He is very disorganized (unprepared for class, looking for missing papers for 30 minutes before beginning class, etc.). He's sweet and intelligent but a bad professor.
this class is seriously impossible. 2 tests that are all open ended questions. you think that homework assignments will bring your grade up, but he grades those hard too. domangue is so awkward, definitely would not take him again
Easy teacher- homeworks are easy- HIS TESTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE AND DO NOT MATCH HIS LAYED BACK TEACHING STYLE- He talks like Forrest Gump- nice guy- avoid his stat class.
Domanque is very hard. I am not a math person and that might be why but he never gives enough examples and SAS is very confusing. He often mumbles and he goes very fast without checking to see if others understand it. He gives a midterm a final and a project if you fail one you are done for. I currently have a 59%. I would avoid him.
worst teacher at JMU, by far!!could not understand a word out of his mouth and acted as if you should already know the material..isnt that why we are in class?? did not even go over exams or homework.then refused to give out evaluation sheets...AVOID!!!!
HORRIBLEEE!!! The whole class is lost,we all just sit there with blank stares, he mumbles so he's impossible to hear, I thought the class was fine at the beginning but it gets really hard so don't be fooled, get another teacher!!
dont waste your time! his notes(as well as him) are all over the place, you**** understand a word he says b/c he mumbles. i went to every class and the wilson math help center and still didnt do well. i went to his office for help bc my avg had dropped to a 50 and he asked why i was so worried and now i have to repeat forgive stats.
Terrible professor, could not understand a single word this man said. Mumbles, laughs to himself all the time and his tests are waaayyy to hard. Not even worth going to office hours, provides no help. Everyone in my class planned on retaking the class, hey JMU, why do you still have this guy working for you?
Domangue is not a good teacher at all. He mumbles to the point where no human can understand him. He grades way too hard and his tests are impossible. Switch out if you can.
Admittedly, I am not a Math mind, but this professor made this class ridiculously difficult. On average, I did better when I taught myself the material - will still likely have to repeat the course. He mumbles and gives hw which you are unable to check. Won't even go over tests in class. Switch out.
This is the hardest class EVER! drop this class ASAP. He talks a mile a minute and mumbles. He knows his stuff, but expects everyone to know just as much as he does. Worst teacher ever.
worst prof I've ever had. Avoid this prof whenever possible
I went to class everyday, took notes and did homework, and I am still going to have to take it again, but with another professor. TRY TO SWITCH OUT! Its hard to understand what he is talking about when u look at your notes because he moves between topics.
This guy is terrible - I took AP stat before and still got lost. He rambles and does not explain well. His tests are on what he teaches, but the problems are not the same and will confuse you. His test scores always ranged down to 30 or below in my class.
if u are not a strong math student, domangue is a horrible professor. he rambles on and on and can not explain the material in an effective manner. he is difficult to follow and his tests cover random material. its like he enjoys seeing students fail.
tests are very random from what is in the book... doing the hw doesnt help much, but you HAVE TO GO TO CLASS EVERY DAY! there is no attendance policy, but if you dont go, you wont know what he is doing.
Not clear and not structured...worst professor I've had at JMU so far
By far the worst class I have taken at JMU. Confusing, tedious, and unhelpful... if you're not a Math person, he's the last person you want for Stats. Don't make my mistake... don't take this class.
he is very confusing and unorganized and finds everything humorous when it isnt
i can not stand this class! not too hard but VERY boring!
talks likehe's had some sort of paralysis - dropped the class - i couldnt deal
Not very good at explaining, and can be very rude sometimes
this class was so hard for no reason- specifically her exams. I studied a ton and attended every class and still ended up doing terrible on half of the exams. the class averages were never above a 70%... she made it hard for no reason. don't take her if I were you.
Her lectures made no sense and she was very hard to follow, the test averages for every test ranged from a 70-60 which is crazy. The tests were insanely hard for no reason and she also gave so many homework assignments that in the long run are the only thing that help you from not failing.
If she's your option for Genetics lab, I recommend switching out asap. She does not explain the content clearly and is a harsh grader. She also can be very rude and demeaning when you ask questions about procedures and lab content. I usually get high lab grades but really struggled in this lab. The environment is really discouraging for learning.
I hated this class. I can study and still fail the exams. The workload she gives is outrageous. The exams do not correspond with lectures. Our class averages for our exams were 60 to 69. She went off on us because exam 2 grades were so bad and blamed us for not doing our reading and homework. No personal responsibility for how poorly she teaches.
A great human being; however, horrible professor. Her exams are was harder than they should be for a 140 class. She has to curve her exams 10-15 points to make the class average a 75. Be prepared to study a lot and still not do well.
I dropped this class SO fast. She assigns so much work that takes up hours of your time - so if you're like me taking 15+ credits per semester, just avoid her course. She is really knowledgeable and is passionate, so her lectures aren't flat. Study guides themselves are A LOT of work, so get started on those early.
Professor Halsell is a little bit nice and all, but this class is impossible. Her tests are impossible and our test averages are never over a 58%. Lots of homework. Attendance is not mandatory, but she does turning point. No matter how much you study for this test using the material she provides the test will always be 12783x harder.
This was the worst class I've ever taken at JMU. I worked so hard and barely managed to scrape by with a C and I'm usually an A student. She handled the switch to online classes horribly and left us all hanging for a week withouth any material. The tests are impossible and the final project was graded so harshly it tanked my grade.
I had this teacher for both Bio 140 and Bio 324. She's not very good at teaching anything as she just reads off of power points every class. She seldom gives any kind of practice before exams. Especially this last semester in quarantine she didn't do anything to help accommodate students, she gave even less instruction and basically went silent.
Look her tests will fail you, the class average for the first test is a 53% and she was proud of that.
Dr. Halsell seemed to be passionate about the information that she was teaching, however, it was almost impossible to understand what she was lecturing. The exams did not seem like they had much to do with the lecture. Clicker points were available every class but if your answer wasn't right you didn't get full credit!!
Susan Halsell is the sole reason I am changing my major from Biology. I would like to say I understand the material, but her tests are extremely difficult and her questions are hard to comprehend. Her lectures are boring and often feel as if you have to understand the subject completely before attending the lecture. 10/10 would not recommend. :(
If you go into lecture without the highest knowledge of the chapter she is going over for the day, you will be lost for the entire lecture. Weird/energetic lady and it is hard to keep focus. If you want an A, i highly suggest you do NOT take her.
She means well & is accessible but this class is so hard. Other 140 teachers gave group tests while we had 3 tests with averages of 62.5, 55, & 57.5 & NO CURVE/extra credit. Her tests are all application and aren't covered by the textbook or lecture, tough tests is an understatement. if your'e not a bio major I would def not recommend this gen-ed.
This course was incredibly hard! The tests are partly done in groups which boost your grade, but they are very hard.
Hes a good teacher well respected however he has 4 exams plus the final when majority of math teachers give 3 exams and then the final so you do get a extra exam but a good thing about him he drops your lowest scoring exam. But a very slow type of dude and I mean slow.
Very hard to understand. He takes pleasure in failing his students. Small man maybe compensating for something... Do not take his class. First day he stated that very few people will pass. He said this with a smile.
trust me you never want to ever take this teacher... she cuts you no slack we took a weekly quiz and for about 5 weeks in a row nobody in the whole class got the question rite... when you talk to her no matter what you say she looks at you as if you said something stupid
Her history view is on the top layer only. If you didn't know Africa was a Continent then you would never know how uninteresting she is...She is not very helpful after class either!
I can tell you now that this teacher has major issues!! She would start yelling at people for no reason, then complain because she is under investigation for something that happen before with another student...Psycho!! Dont take her unless it is your last class to graduate and you have nothing left to choose from...Her class isnt that hard you just have to deal with her attitude...oh and dont ask for help then she will really get on your case.
Teaches straight out of the book. Slept through a whole semester.
She doesn't let you speak in English and she is the worst test maker. WHen you ask her a question she just stares at you and laughs. She is useless. Do not take her for any spanish speaking class.
Easily angered, bad English, better get a great TA to pull off a decent grade!!!
As she/he just said. reads from the book. Unfair. You do not really learn any valuable information.
his logic is terrible. He should take 101 again. No one liked his class. I always put a bit of crud in his coffee, lol
awful....do NOT take him
evades your questions, not helpful at all
Class is very unorganized......He "beats" around the bush to much
DO NOT TAKE 210 WITH THIS MAN. RUN AWAY AS FAST AS YOU CAN. GOOD LUCK
Don't have him if you can avoid it. Taught more like a history class and unclear what the main objective is. He's enthusiastic about the class but comes off as pretentious and showing off his own achievements in class. I enjoyed what was taught just not how he taught it. The 2 group projects are graded hard and theres a 6 point note card everyday.
Take 210 with Maggie Mayes if possible. Content of class is out of date, feels more like a history class.
I took this class as a requirement; however, there is another teacher who teaches this and apparently she is the bomb. We had to do two group projects that were most of our grade with about 9 people. This made it very hard to meet up with people and in my group there were several people who did not do any work. If you won't pass if you don't go.
Honestly this class was pretty awful. The lectures are long when he does lecture, and when he doesn't lecture, we watched movies that were completely irrelevant to what we were being tested on. Other than the 4 point note cards that we had to turn in every day, I could have done the exact same in the class without going to a single lecture.
NEVER TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! he is the most boring professor I have ever had in my life. 12 my class dropped because of how unhelpful and horrible he and his tests are. He makes study guides and nothing on the study guides are on the test. This test could be a easy class and interesting, but because of his lack of teaching it was awful.
His class made me want to dig up and hole and bury my self in it. This guy is so boring, pointless, and makes it impossible to pay attention in his class. Take the other guy, youre welcome. Now I am going to go dig that hole!
Horrible professor. You learn next to nothing in class, but exams are pretty easy as long as you memorize the terms he sends out throughout the course. Only 7 people out of 130 in my class got an A- or better. In short, he's a know it all who talks about things unrelated to class on a consistent basis. Avoid if possible.
Really hard class. You have to read the books and the questions on the test are little things. Very hard class, prob have to take this class again. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
Make sure you do the readings, the test questions come directly from them. And make sure you go to class, especially until all of the commentaries are over.
Really hard, make sure to attend every class, study notes really hard. As previously stated, he takes this class way to seriously. There are only like 4 grades in the class, so make sure not to mess up on anything.
Boring as heck. Fell asleep most of the time because he just likes to hear himself talk. Still got an A in it because the paper is the main grade. Do that and you'll be set.
NOt good
I HATE THIS DAMN CLASS!! HE IS VERY INTO HIMSELF AND HIS LECTURES ARE MEANINGLESS. HE LIKES TO HEAR HIMSELF TALK AND THATS PROBABLY WHY SO MANY PEOPLE FAIL HIS CLASS AND HAVE TO RE-TAKE IT. FIND ANOTHER PROFESSOR...STAY AWAY FROM THIS GUY!
very boring.. very hard..
Understand that if you are a freshman... he hates you! A very boring class. You watch a ton of movies, do a ton or reading, and the tests are only 10 or 15 questions. His ego is huge, and kind of sounds like Sean Connery. Very boring "unlessh it'sh about hish time in Moraco teach Freach Film" NOT GOOD!
Worst professor on campus. For those of you who plan on taking this class in the Spring take it with Patty Williamson.
way to broad and gives to much stuff to study for a 30 question test. its not even possible to study for.
Just ask him about his studies and travels abroad, and you'll be assaulted by a two-hour lecture explaining how smart he is. He's a shameless self promoter and loves to hear himself talk. The name Poindexter fits him to a "T."
Go to class and read. You have to read 5 chapters and the test will only be 18 questions. Too smart to teach. Lectures seem irrelevent. To all who have him in Fall 2003... my best advice is to wait til the spring and take with someone else..
The man is too smart for his own good but why does everyone on this campus hate this class? B/c it sux, that's why! Half of the material is pointless..ok all of it, and it is SO BORING!
Very, very boring. You'll sit in that class wondering how Egypt in the 1400's relates to the media. From the first day of class to the end his head triples in size.
confusing
Do not ever take him, worst professor in the university
All you do is watch movies. No explaination of anything. Tests are hard. Read
Don't take this class if it's not for your major/minor. Very boring. Tests HARD.
he sucks...worst professor ever...fall asleep every time i'm in class
a pretentious ****...thinks his way is the only way..
He may know his stuff, but he definetley doesn't know how to teach it! BORING!
Don't take the class at 8:00 am. Borrrrring!
I've never wanted to rip off my ears more...
incredibly boring, incredibly pretentious
Full of himself, gets students to think he is the all mighty critic.
Rude, Ignorant, Barbaric, Uncivil, Gruff, One Sided, Callous, Rough, Sour, Narrow Minded. This is a woman that has no room for your opinion in her world. She is right! You are wrong! Until you accept this you will never make it in her classroom. Why can't the University bring in Professional Educators for their students????
For someone who teaches about accommodating students with disabilities, he sure hates accommodating students with disabilities. Every email was met with blunt and rude responses. No flexibility, harsh grading policies, vague instructions. I thought it was just me because of his super high rating on here, but if you feel this way, you're not alone
This professor made me cry. He seems nice at first but I don't get how anyone likes him. If you email him asking a simple question he will actually take the extra time out of his day to make you feel stupid rather than just answering it. DO NOT GET SICK even if it is an excused absence you will be penalized and make up exams are 40 open ended q's.
This class is pretty easy & straight forward but requires some studying. As for the professor himself, huge jerk who does not care about his students in the slightest bit which makes you wonder why he even became a professor in the first place.
I took 414 last Fall. I thought he was going to be such a cool professor and then we got into day 2 of class. Not good. I don't feel like a better future teacher from his class and its a shame because I had high expectations. He is not awful, but definitely will annoy you, a lot. He is so unclear in class but gives seriously specific rubrics.
Does not care about you, or your grades. Takes off points for unnecessary reasons. Easy to pass, hard to get an A for absolutely no reason. Didn't learn a thing.
This professor has a lot of experience in the field, but he has no interest in his students' education. He is unwilling to help, and he does not permit ANY questions during exams or exam reviews. The textbook completely contradicts what he teaches in class. He is not invested in the students' learning.
He was very hypocritical. He repeated himself over and over and over like we were too stupid to get it. He thinks ke is amazing, and to be honest most people love him. I thought he was very unfair. When I had a University excused absence he would not allow me to make up the points. He merely shrugged and said, those points won't really matter
Every lecture all she did was read from a PowerPoint and hardly interact with students. She seemed more interested in botany than in cellular/molecular biology which bi 151 consists mostly of which would make sense if I was taking a botany class.
Nice but useless, cant help with questions. Lab is "too" busy. She expects a lot out of those who know nothing. Very picky about papers.
She's way too hard and really sucks at teaching
Professor tries very hard to develop personal relationships with students. Professor cares more about what people think of her than performing admirably Professor tries to make a name for herself as a composer but has been unsuccessful in America. Just because you have the money to study with George Crumb does not mean you have the needed skills.
It was ok until the first test and then down hill from there. I think she liked us to guess are way through the class and not bother her with questions. Although she did pass me when I thought for sure I had failed.
Not a nice person, very conceited, moves too quickly, makes you feel stupid. Isn't clear about projects then gives bad grades when she doesn't explain things. Avoid her like the plague!
Makes students feel unwelcome - Treats kids unfairly.... Full of herself....
Terrible professor, makes music a chore, makes you feel like an idiot in class.
Horrible teacher, did not enjoy class, makes students feel stupid.
Horrible teacher, grades kids unfairly, not a good college teacher...
This man "teaches" engineering and honestly the class is really difficult, not because of the content. The teacher is disorganized, sends emails late, and doesn't let you ask questions in class. He claims to prepare you for the real world but I don't really feel prepared from this class
Took this class in 2001. I can still remember how horrible he is. It doesn't prepare you for the real world. Mr. Imbrie is in love with himself more than engineering or teaching. Just awful.
Very unorganized and purposely makes assignments impossible. Do not walk.. RUN from this class.
ENGR195H was the worst class I have ever taken. Claims to prepare us for the 'real world' but all I learned is how to deal with idiot professors. Extremely disorganized, expects us to spend all our time working on projects, skips basics, not allowed to ask questions, and no grading scale. I am in 'real' classes now, and 195 did not help me at all.
I know he's prepping us for how school's going to be in the future, but the least he could do is teach the whole class - or leave his TA to be the professor. Quite fustrating trying to communicate with him. Try to get into one of the other H195 classes.
He tries hard to teach everything he thinks is important. However, when asked questions in class by students, he does not answer them, and turns them back around. Very unorganized, no schedule, and no grading scale. The TAs did all the teaching and were awesome!!
Good topics covered, but for a two-credit hour class he expects way too much. Not to mention none of our finals started on time and often he didn't print enough out and we had to wait another 15 minutes. And he rarely bothers to show up to class and just lets the TAs do the work.
The classes have good intentions and, if organized a bit better, would be very highly useful. Imbrie on the other hand opts to berate students for questions and comments, is disorganized, comes to class less often than students, and today even "crucified" himself on the board, rather than responding to questions from the class.
He was incredibly unorganized, both in the class format and in his expectations. He would say something one day and then say almost, but not quite, the opposite thing the next day. He would come to class late and the TA's had no idea what was going on. The class was only useful toward lowering my expectations of the engineering program.
Speaks as well as george W Bush and almost as intelligent.
Very disorganized and nowhere near helpful
this man ruined my life
Entire class was ridiculous and vague
He has no clue how to teach. The entire class has been a massive GPA drain. I have no doubt that I would have an A in regular 126 but hell in this class I'll be lucky to get a C. What a waste of life.
Claims to prepare students, yet focuses on formalities rather than problem solving. I've taught myself several programming languages before his class, and only when learning with him have I found programming confusing. Motivated students have already taught themselves all information. Class is purposefully aimless to discourage potential engineers
If you've got him, GOOD LUCK! you totally need it. You're going to get mad @ him, but just accept it and move on.
The only professor I ever had who never released the final project assignment. For two months, he kept saying, "I'll get it up by next class."
Extremely slow at putting things online. Final project is terrible (how is it realistic that in a job we won't be able to ask more than 5 questions a week?) Homeworks are trivial but made difficult through strange rules. However, as long as you show up and do decently on labs and exams, you'll get an A or a B.
I think he's crazy. thought he was doing everybody a favor by giving ambiguous requirements and then downgrading heavily on pointless details. He knows students hate him, but he might like it; actually called himself a mean **** on more than one occasion in class. Solely responsible for making me quit engineering, and this was an honors class!
This man doesn't seem to like his students very much, although that could just be his poor grasp of the English language shining through. Not only was his class ridiculous and bizarre, but he also screwed me over when registering for classes. Avoid him at all costs.
Engr 106 project was a disaster when I took the class. Project had to be re-spec'ed midway through because the design was impossible given the specs from Imbrie.
Terrible, just terrible. He's ambiguous about everything. The homework and projects are never posted when he says they are. Dates are constantly changed and assignments revised, so you cant get work done.
He mentioned he used to be in research is because he used to be in AAE. Unfortunately for him he just could not be in there because he is lack of 'skills' and the school could not fire him. So they send him to hell, Engr 106.
Don't bother asking questions - you will only be referred to Google/the completely useless course text. He claims thats how it works in engr. - funny, since in 3 years since, I've never been discouraged to ask questions.
Has openly admitted (not in class) that he does not like to teach students - would much rather be a research professor... he owes Purdue students to put in a transfer to somewhere else.
The one feeling most prevalent in his class: *sigh*.
I thought I procrastinated; Imbrie practically posts homework after it's due.
Dork.
doomagligy and other imbrisms lead to confusion and pain.
This guy was annoying as hell...he made us feel like children every week.
ENGR 116 is designed to be a pain in the rear to prepare students for 'harder' classes later on. Since the material is easy, the class is designed with the most ridiculous, anal-retentive rules to make up for this. Presentation is often needlessly unclear
To the kid that thinks he prepares us well for 3 more years... I had him two years ago. Still scarred for life. He sucked badly!
You HAVE to be taught by this guy. Once you put up with him for 2 semesters you can leave with the warm, soothing feeling that you'll NEVER have another professor you'll HATE SO MUCH ever again in your whole life.
He was nasty towards students and was completely uninterested in what we were and weren't learning.
this guy is horrible
Inconsistent.
Why is an Aero prof. teaching programming??
why is he still teaching???
Doesn't care if students learn
Perplexed by his own powerpoints
Said that Newton's third law didn't apply in this case . Enough said.
He is by far one of the worst professors I have ever had.
Gets frustrated with students, unorganized class
Imbrie doesn't seem to be working against the students, not with them.
Very disorganized
waste of my life
In my undergrad and graduate career I have taken close to 300 credit hours and Eksterowicz is the worst teacher I ever had. My only C at JMU was because of him. I did the assignment he said in class and not the one listed in the syllabus, which he did not follow. Since I turned in the "wrong" assignment he gave me a zero. Completely unfair.
His study guides are pointless and his tests are impossible, stay clear of him!
This prof is totally SELF-Centered and FULL OF HIMSELF!He makes everything in the course somehow be about him and his problems. BORING! Most people sleep through the lecture. He dosen't care if you listen (or even show up!)
DO NOT TAKE HIM AT ALL COST. He is horrible!!! Everything in class was all general forms with almost no examples. His homework covers only some of what he teaches in class and none of it comes from the textbook. His test are just as bad as his homework. Hopefully this is his last semester so no one else has to suffer.
I recommend taking it with someone else! Oh wait you can't, because the math department only lets him teach it. Lol
terrible experience. i asked for help and he promised to meet with me 2x a week and then failed to show up. didn't even show up to his own office hours. tests were so difficult, averages were in the 40-50's. notes were all variables and proofs that were not helpful at all when it came to the homework or exams
Worst professor I have had at UD by far. He comes into class 5 to 15 minutes late every day and came to a review 2 hours late. The average on both of his tests were in the 50 without a curve and the low was a 7. He expects you to already know the material and doesnt explain what he is doing. Buy the textbook if you wanna pass cause he is useless
worst teacher i have had in ALL my years of school. his favorite letter is F. lots of hard hw, terible teaching methods, unlogical, and overly hard tests
He is the worst prof I ever had. Managed to take easy material and make it hard. Homework? Impossible. I think he is seriously out to fail every student who takes his course. Avoid him whnever possible. And if you have to take him, I pity you.
VERY HARD!!, this guy makes the simplest things very hard, he is very unclear. Will not help students, comes to class late and unprepared. Homeworks are impossible.
Bad class + bad teacher.
OMG only class i ever failed. thnx alot for NOT teaching.
doesn't care about the students. smart but he can't communicate
Did not follow book at all! Unorganized. Very smart, but can not communicate it.
Makes no sense, hard exams, should be bottled into a sleeping pill, avoid!
smart guy, unorganized poor teacher. gets sidetracked easily. Hard tests.
I personally wouldn't take him again- he gives 4 unit assignments which are very in depth and take a long time. Not a very understanding professor, do not expect him to give you any leeway if an emergency comes up. I missed one of the unit assignments due to an emergency and gave me a 0. Wouldn't let me make it up. Dropped me from B to a D.
He does not reply to emails AT ALL, I literally turned in every single assignment and he gave me the most horrible grades. We were coming to the end of the semester and he still did not put in any grades and I ended up failing. I was supposed to graduate.
he's not very good and his online tests are hard and don't follow the study guides at all
NOOOO. I took this class online during the summer and I'm still confused. I ended up failing the class because I couldn't figure out the google earth assignments. He sends "follow along directions" for them but his directions were for an HP and I have a Mac. Such a mess Unless you HAVE to, I would NOT take this with Venugopal, at least online.
Nearly impossible to fully understand each lecture. He would say something then a few minutes later say the exact opposite and made no sense. His accent is hard to understand and I always end up getting too far behind and quit listening.
Indian accent
His lectures are pleasant, vague, and he uses Power Point slides with off topic stories. Lab sessions for homework? I found out that "whenever" was not permitted. He is very vague and expects the students to figure it all out... online? I am still confused.
TERRIBLE!!! 15 MC tests (fairly easy) 3 Google Earth assignments Didn’t understand the 2nd/3rd one, emailed professor asking for help. Refused to respond, I tried my best and told him I would redo it if it was wrong Gave me a 14/20 and 15/20. Grade was an 89.5 (between an A- & B+). He didn’t round up, giving me a B+. RUNNNNNNN
She once told a student the title to his story was "wrong." Really? If your work doesn't have a feminist slant, she grades it more harshly. She gives loads of criticism, none of it constructive. I'm an even keel person, and I wanted to punch her in the face.
Not sure why BSU hired her. She doesn't even have a book. "Bogue" means fake, and this writer is just that. She also argues with students and feels the need to justify her opinions over and over, which suggests that she is really insecure about her writing and teaching. She should be. The story on her Web site is complete crap. Avoid!
Enrolled in this class with much optimism and interest. Ended up being quite disappointed in the quality of instruction. Peers in the class were immensely helpful; the prof, not at all. I got the impression that she was overworked and didn't have the time to carefully read and consider our writing.
What a complete waste of my time!
ABSOLUTELY DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. I went to every class and took notes and still failed almost every mini-test and got a 25/50 on one of the exams. The questions on the exams were COMPLETELY unfair and were purposefully worded so that unless you had the atlas memorized there was no way to know the answer. By far the hardest class I've taken.
How does this guy has a smiley face next to his name? VERY HARD! You have to literally pay such close attention to his every word in class. I have no idea where half the information we were tested on came from. The textbook is worthless. Generally I am a good student (3.5 gpa) and I got a D+ in this class. Only plus is he's sort of a nice guy.
Very difficult class for a 100level course. Most Exam questions are not related to anything he talks about in lecture or in text. Map quizzes arent too bad but everything else just blos.
HARD HARD exams....map quizzes will what keep me from NOT failing.his accent ahh
Hard as anything. If you cling onto every word he says, you may get a C.
tests r hard
Extremely hard tests. I think he wants his students to fail.
Thank god he's done teaching. This guy is legit rude as hell to students and just does not care. His class is so boring that I only showed up a mere 12 times. Exams make up 65% of your grade. I think half the class failed due to bombing one exam and couldn't recover because of it. I bombed one exam but recovered due to doing well on the other exams
He should either change the way he teaches or just retires, it is a pain to sit in his lectures, ur grade is made up by only 3 exams and 1 group project, so you REALLY gotta do well on those, and for the exams, there are people who gets ridiculous low grades, so you really gotta watch those videos on youtube and be prepared
A great, sweet, nice guy. But a poor teacher. I learned this entire class from YouTube. Outdated and inefficient methodology that was more frustrating than anything. Wasted my time as you need to pay attention in order to see how he wants things answered, but 90% of the lecture is pointless or repetitive. Take someone else if possible.
Do you like useless lectures? Do you enjoy learning material on your own? Unhelpful office hours? How about harsh grading on the 3 exams that make up your whole grade? If all of these things sound enjoyable then this is the professor for you. Only saving grace is a pretty easy semester project
He's crazy harsh on grading for exams, which is like 60% of your total grade, his lectures are slow and boring, the group project is kind of a joke, u can bs it pretty hard and get an ok grade, this class is not that hard, but with the way he teaches it, it is boring and you will not gain much knowledge out of it.
Usually I visit this website to read other's reviews, however, professor Alsabbagh's abysmal quality of teaching has reversed that role and now I am writing a review mid-semester. His lectures are painfully slow and they lack any noticeable structure. Attending his class or office hours does not serve to be beneficial to your time or your learning.
The COVID crisis definitely made a lot of things harder, but what was NOT acceptable was Prof. Alsabbagh's ability to transition, let alone teach. He was and STILL IS using obsolete technology to teach the class (such as Acrobat, Word 2007, etc.). What else was unacceptable was his teaching method: slow, mundane, redundant, and empty.
This guy will waste your time. Youtube is infinitely more helpful. Cant answer questions deeper than surface level. Most boring, uninspiring lectures I have ever wasted money on. No, Seriously.
This guy teaches at 1/10 the the speed he should and doesnt know the subject beyond surface level. If you are mentally ill you might like him. Then again, probably not.
This class could be completed in about 10 hours of self study. The amount of information we could be learning about databases is so huge yet we learn basically nothing the entire semester. He'll ask you every single day who has signed up for apex and 5 or so other things that don't matter at all which burns the first 15 min of every class.A joke
Terrible professor. Grades you only on things that are "important". Finished a homework assignment and got 3/6 of the problems correct, and received no credit. Tough grader. No partial credit for many things at all.
Sadistic grader. If something is objectively right but subjectively "wrong," expect no credit. Profoundly unhelpful notes--tendency to leave out critical details, expects you to figure it out on your own. Tests weighted too highly. Use a laptop in class and he actually gets offended that you aren't listening, even if you're using it to take notes.
I read on here that some people think this guy knows what he is talking about. To me that seems absolutly absurd. If you love documenting things and not learning about real technology than he is your man. Extremly pompus. Unhelpful. Pretty strong accent. Ridiculusly hard grading because he has a magic dart board approach to grading.
This guy couldn't tell a computer from a hole in the wall
Rude, is was both unhelful and unclear
will not help you find internship on your own!!
avoid (if you can) but he's not as bad as most say, although he is on the bad!!!
This guy is AWFUL, very INFLEXIBLE and ARROGANT...AVOID
Terrible teacher not helpful at all!! AVOID!!! AVOID!!!!
Arrogant, and inflexible. Hard to understand. Frequent mistakes. Avoid!
Doesn't admit when wrong. Avoid him
WTF is he talking about? Won't admit that he is wrong and gets upset when he is
Sent multiple emails throughout the semester, never got responses. I tried contacting via zoom during her "office hours" multiple times throughout the semester, she was never available. You will not get any type of help or support.
Professor Shannon will tell you one thing is acceptable but will take it back the next class and totally forget she said anything about it. I sat down with her for an APA formatted paper to make sure I had everything correct because it was my first AP paper. she told me everything looked great then proceeded to mark me down on my formatting.
She hasn't graded anything since the beiginning of the semester and it is really frustrating because you don't know what grade you have in the class. Always a four page paper with no clear due date. I leave the class wondering if I have homework or not she never explains if we do or not.
She is pure trash. Unfortunately I made the mistake of taking her class, it is so unclear and under organized. She gives you the first 2 months to work on a easy personal paper then gives 2 weeks for a difficult research paper. For the love of god do NOT! take this class . Only positive is cool people were in it
Professor Shannon is a nice lady, thats pretty much the only positive thing I have to say about her. The class is pointless. She doesn't post grades on Blackboard. Most of the time in class we just sit there. If you miss a class, you get a point deducted from your grade, and the class has a total of 100 points. Seems kinda B.S to me.
The class was a joke. buying the text book is a waste of money because its only used once or twice. There were several days with no in class work to do, but she made the class sit through a movie that was in no way tied to the class.she only grades on the topic of the paper, so pick something she likes or expect a failing grade.
She is by far the worse teacher I've ever had. Before her class I was planning on going into English and now I have no desire to. She was a useless teacher I could learn more from a student. Attendance is mandatory and she has no opinions of her own. Relies on BB, but treats everyone like they are 3rd graders. Easy class, but what a waste of money.
Mr. Steinfort is the worst and the toughest math teacher I have ever had! He only grades test not the assignments. If your are beginner like me, you are going to have hard time (Especially ESL students). HE expect you to know all before you enrolled in one of his class. DO NOT TAKE CLASS WITH THIS PROFESSOR ONLINE IN PERSON CLASS!
He only grades tests. Professor Steinfort seems like he doesn't care. I tried many times speaking up asking for help but he makes you feel dumb after asking and puts students on the spot. Also he gives long lectures and moves too fast. I was always good in math but he made class hard. I had to drop it to not ruin my GPA. Do not take him.
Not my favorite professor. I'm great at math when I have a decent teacher but I struggled here. He caused asking questions in his class to be a spotlight on students. At points, I would make minor mistakes on tests and he'd take away 5 points even if I showed that I understood it. Don't take this unless you want to get a tutor. (only grades tests)
He doesn't give "office hours". There is no class schedule so if your sick you better have a classmates #. You will never know how you do on tests because you never see them. He skips steps while teaching making you LOST. VERY UNORGANIZED. did you want to contact him? there is no syllabus and nothing blackboard. hope you have a math friend handy!
I took Math 98 and this was the worst class ever! He doesn't know how to teach and he gives extremely long lectures. His tests are hard and he assigns at least 100 problems of homework a night without even checking it or going over it or even asking us if we had questions! We get to class and he immediately starts a new half of a chapter.
I didn't do well in his class at all. I had to retake MA098 with a different teacher who helped me excel in Math. Steinfort didn't post grades on Blackboard so I didn't know I was failing until it was too late. Careless, didn't clarify anything and sped through the material. Not happy with his teaching style at all. Just wasn't for me.
He does not teach!!
This instructor should not teach. He is very hard to follow and even with communicating my difficulties he offered no support. Even with all my dedication and effort I was not able to pass the class. I basically had to teach myself because he was useless. Do not choose this teacher!
If math is not your strong subject do not sign up with this teacher. He is terrible and explains as if the students have the same knowledge in math as him. He is also not supportive and could care less in seeing his students succeed. He has a real talent for making a student feel incompetent as well as feeling lost. I advise another instructor.
Good guy but a horrible teacher. Most the class is online despite not telling you that beforehand so if you cant learn from a robot dont take the class.
He sucks, he sucks he sucks. Okay, learn how to teach! He makes you feel dumb and doesn't teach, he just does a problem on the board w/o explaining and is like "i know how to do it, you don't, ha ha!" never take him.
First of all I don't like how he doesn't teach the actual lesson in class, he makes us go to the computer and do it. In my opinion, he refuses to teach... and I don't think he wants to teach, though he says he does. He's unclear with explanations; he will trail off to another subject, he will tell you about everything else except your question.
I have never had a professor that has been so poor at getting back to his students. Our grades and reviews were never posted until last minute. Whenever I tried to get a hold of him he was no where to be found. I finally got help from a different professor. Online classes are great, just DO NOT take
VERY rude to students, yells at you loud enough for all to hear, doesn't explain anything, He's the only one who knows how to do the problems, so if you dont know pretty much forget about it. If you dont ask questions, he gets mad and accuses you of not doing the work. Dont take if you can avoid it.
Doesn't know how to explain what he's teaching. Math lab tutors have to undo the confusion he leaves his students in.Even when there's an easier way to do a problem,he doesn't tell you. You end up going to the math lab to get hints and an easier way to solve problems.Don't take him. Dull personality
Listen up people,this teacher is bad news. There's no doubt that he knows his math,but the problem is that he does NOT know how to explain and deliver it!Even an autistic child could do better!He indeed shows favoritism and finds it amusing to pick on others.GRCC should screen applicants better!!!!!
he discriminates minorities
Do not take this class at 6:15am--it is already boring beyond reason, and he doesn't expalin the material in a way that everyone can understand&your too tired to raise your hand and ask for him to repeat the explanation
Made rude comments to students. Does not think before he speaks. No personality. He gives new meaning to the term"math nerd"! Find another professor who is more with it. Yuck!
He is the worst math teacher I have ever had. He doesn't know what he is talking about. Good teachers souldn't always have to re-explain themselves in Layman's terms or use the words Yes or No all the time. I wouldn't advise anyone to take his class.
Very unclear and a personality like a rock!
Rude to students. Does not care about you. Immature temperment. He belongs in a back office not working with the public, he dosen't have the personality for it. RUN for your life, your sanity and your GPA!!!!
drop now or drop your gpa/unclear teaching styles/expects u 2 already know a lot of what he teaches(if u can call it that) demeaning toward students. NO PEOPLE SKILLS!!!!
Hard to get along with, doesn't follow book plan, anal on showing work...
horrible,unfair,and demeaning to students. WHY IS HE A TEACHER???
talks to students as peasants instead of pplunnessarily mean to students ISSUES
He like to crawl inside your skull, live there, and torment you till you go nuts
Tests completely different from online instruction. Easy fails
had no right telling a student he was a failure
Quite possibly my least favorite teacher at GRCC that I've had so far. Need another 15 minutes to finish up some problems? Too bad - he times quizzes and tests strictly. Lectures are pretty boring and hard to follow as well. This is a teacher for people who like self-teaching. For a good math teacher, I recommend Yansak or Baragar instead.
He was literally the worst professor I have ever had! If you need help forget it, go to the math lab. Then if you do not have thick skin dont take him, he will call you out in class and make you feel very unintelligent. On the final day he has you calculate your grade and says whether you should take the exam or just drop, in front of everyone.
Horrible teacher! I have spent the entire semester teaching myself the math and how to do it from the answers he gives. He is unwilling to help and doesn't teach at all. He is also constantly late to class. DO NOT TAKE HIM
He is such a horrible teacher. He needs to retire. Save yourself the hassle and just do not take his class. Find another professor!
Worst math teacher ever! If you get confused he will not help you, his only solution is "Go to the Math Lab". His name should be Calculator Cripple because thats all you use the entire class, nothing is done by hand it seems.
He is not a teacher for those who struggle. I currently have this sad excuse for a teacher and he will not help you learn. He picks on those he knows struggle and announces to the whole class when you did a bad job on a quiz or test. He looks for 3 people to understand then he says ok moving on. He is a jerk. Our class size went from 28 to about 13
THE WORST TEACHER IN THE COLLEGE
I am a deans list student I asked Tom for help in repeating calculator functions & he mocked me in class, he didn't write anything on the board & I wasn't the only one w/ trouble I emailed him asking for help & he dropped me from the class saying my 3 kids kept me too busy I got an A in the same class with Nancy Forest that same semester, go figure
avoid at all cost
He doesnt teach the class. He spends the whole time showing off his abilities to do the problems correctly. and you better get on his good side, because he definitely has his favorites. he also tells my class that were not as good/smart as other classes.
Horrible teacher! When a student would ask a question he would snap back at them and look at them like they were stupid and wasting his time for not knowing. Didn't explain anything. When a student tried to help another he would yell at them for talking and threaten to kick them out
He didn't do a good job at teaching this at all.
AWFUL! He is a mean, crotchety old man. He puts problems on the board, works through it without explaining it and asked the same kid EVERY TIME if it was correct. I did poorly on a test and he said 'Oh WOW, you're gonna need to do better than that!' In front of the entire class.
If you can help it, do not take this class with him! He is not helpful at all! If you don't understand something he just tells you to go to the Math Lab, he won't take the time to teach you. Also, if you are not doing very good in his class he has NO problem letting the whole class know.
He is a great man, but an awful teacher. We had two students walk out of class after having an argument with him. His quizzes are two questions so study for those. He gives partial credit and occasionally bonus pts, but not enough to make a difference. I recommend going to every class because you need the notes so you can decipher what is going on.
TERRIBLE teacher he would always ask this kid Tyler in our class if he had the same answer as he did. He never taught a thing went up to the bored and just wrote the answer and never explained. get used to your TI 84 because thats all you use DONT TAKE HIM. Rack Em
WOW! This is not one of my favorite subjects and he didn't make it any easier. Very unhelpful if you don't fully understand the material. He will tell you to go to the math lab, or to "fake it"...Nice enough guy, but not helpful at all!! I will try someone else next semester
He is very hard to understand, is not clear about what he teaches. If you struggle at all with math or aren't good with calculators, he is not the professor for you.
Not very clear. Tends to make problems more difficult than they really are. Do not expect your feelings to be takin into consideration if you ask questions in class. The only thing I can say for the man is that he covers the material, its just poorly done. Heavy calculator useage. avoid this professor if at all possible.
This guy is a joke. i cant stand the way he teaches, hes terrible. even though his grading scale is cool he cannot teach if his life depends on it. we should fire his ass.
I didnt understand, he makes it harder and wont explain, makes fun of you and it just realy mean. dont like him at all, dont take .
TEACHING. Not the word for this man. Instead it is TELLING. He can tell you how do every problem in the book, but cant teach a thing and doesn't mind to explain.
I stopped going to his class and took it over with a different teacher the next semester- He doesnt explain things well. The best thing I learned from him was how to find the Math lab.
Extemely hard!!!! Doesn't care that you don't understand things in class. He hates the textbook and would rather use an outdated book instead. Extemely boring and very unfair grader.
Doesn't help you, he just says go to the math lab.
Hey. I GOT an A in this class, and even so, I hated it. How weird is that?
Very Hard, Unfair grader. He marks things wrong that are right? He likes the feeling of having the power of marking you down--or doing whatever he wants to your grade.
Explains things too fast, and won't stop for questions, and degrades people in class, and is a really hard grader.
Can be nice, but can make you very stupid in front of class. HARD TEST GRADER!
Very Stern. Not easily approachable.
Honestly, worst teacher I've ever had. She's inconsistent, rude, offensive, her test questions come out of nowhere. I am a junior psychology major. I have a 4.0. I'm not dumb. Trust me when I say you'll regret any course that you take from her. Save yourself a headache. How in the world is she still employed? Oh yeah, because she has tenure.
Hard to listen to as she um's all the time. She never follows her sylibus and is always late to class.
very unreliable and confusing
absent minded professor
Lectures are very hard to follow and often off-topic. You will get more info by reading the books than going to class.
Not nice!
Man this guy is still teaching??? I had him back in the mid 90's when I went to CMU and after I graduated in 96 I can easily say he was the hardest professor I had, and when of the worst teachers. He probably KNOWS math, but he does'nt know how to teach it. Over 2/3 of my classmates dropped out of the class. And I worked my ass off for a C!
I'm pretty sure all those nice comments must have been posted by someone other than a student who actually took his class. We started out the semester with 30 students. But the end, we were down to 6. Students have gone to the math department numerous times with complaints.
Horrible, do not take this class or prof
Horrible Teacher, Does not explain one thing, and expects everyone to already know the material. The only way to get through his class is to teach yourself and go to the class to see what i covered. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PROF. FOR CLASS!D
I wouldnt really call him a teacher. He gives us packets of notes which are pretty much the words from the text book and reads them during class. Worst teacher ive ever had. Went into his office hours and he was no help. Unless you want to end up teaching yourself dont take him!!
i had a terrible time in this class i felt very uncomfortable if i had a question and becuase the homework was not graded and the tests were and quizes were confusing i did not pass. not a good teacher
Terrible. His notes don't match his tests and quizzes, and he moves so fast in the class its really hard to keep up. He doesn't give partial credit for problems either. Class grade is based on your quizzes and tests, thats it. Don't Take him for 107!!!!!!!
His teaching meathods are horrible. All you do is sit in class and take notes. If you have a question, he doesn't help at all! Beware!
He didnt teach at all he just gave us assignments and then the tests were nothing about what he taught!
I am back in school after 25 years. I would have gotten more information from a stump. I transferred from another university where I had the BEST math prof I could ever imagine to the absolute worst. This man could screw up Einstein!
this teacher sucks. he is the worst teacher i have ever had. I have had trig before and got a B in it he almost failed me. he doesnt explain things at all, might as well teach yourself.
couldn't do a problem unless he had all his notes which he pulls straight out of the book and the same for examples. never involves the students in problem solving in the class
Very Very BAD "teacher!" When will i get a prof at CMU that actually teaches? This guy sucks!
can not teach. looks a board the whole time, doesnt explain anything. very unclear
Lanker is the worst teacher for math at least. he doesnt explain a thing and his quizzes are like weeks behind the homework! how am i supose to learn without him teaching and being confused himself?! he should retire!
i would not recommend him. take someone else. do not take him for any reason.
Doesn't explain for crap. When you ask a question on a quiz, he makes you feel dumb. Goes very fast. Just not a good teacher.
Do not take this guy at all. My class started with 35, when i dropped it their way only 10 left. I got 2 and 3 out of 10 on all the quizzes and a 32% on the test. I now have Mcdowell and it is night and day difference, he is awesome
THE RUDEST TEACHER i have ever had. Does not expalin a thing, DO NOT TAKE ANY CLASS WITH HIM, even if there are only 8 am left with everyone else! Seriously
BAD,BAD,BAD~ Don't take him, it is the worst class ever!!! He doesn't listen and he can't teach. He has his back to the class the entire class period. He doesn't listen to you when you have questions and he isn't willing to help.
WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH THIS MAN!!!! I studied 3 hours for 5 quizes, everytime I got 3/10 on everyone. WHY? because he puts **** on there he didn't ****ing explain!!!! I hate you Terry, i hope you read this. Retire.
He doesn't really teach. Instead, he just does examples really fast, and expects you to know what he is doing. Has his back to the class the whole time. Makes you very uncomfortable when you ask questions. Hard Tests. If you don't memorize the book, FAIL!
He just plain sucks. Doesn't explain a thing, is rude, makes you feel stupid when you ask questions... Did poorly on my first test, he told me there was no hope and to drop and take MTH 055. Thanks for the help you ****!
I HATE THIS MAN WITH A BURNING PASSION!!!!! He also made me drop the class for a bad test score and when i asked him if there was anything i could do to bring my grade up he told me to take his advice and drop it..thanks for your help lenker!!!!!!
absolutley horrible...he told me to drop the class after a bad test..who does that..could never understand him, had his back to the class the ENTIRE time...do not take this man
terry, one word: RETIRE!
Worst Teacher ever, he should do us a favor a retire. If you have him DROP THE CLASS FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
Doesn't explain things well, hard tests, overall the worst teacher ive ever had in my life.
He doesn't give partial credit no matter how hard you try. I studied for hours and still failed the exams. I'm taking it again under another teacher this semester and I have an A.
i am not saying he is the devil because he is not, but if satan had a tea party i am pretty sure he would be on the guest list
Horrible
My class started with over thirty students, now there are six. Talked to someone who went to Central 20 years ago, couldn't believe the worst prof they'd ever had was still teaching.
This man is the worst teacher I have had at CMU. Take this class at mid mich cc
Doesn't care if you learn or not, as long as he gets through the material
Worst prof ever! Doesn't listen at all.
Can't teach a class to save his life
the man is a loser. plain and simple
Doesn't help you at all. He needs to go learn how to teach. Horrible.
he is a horrible teacher. can't explain anything. he doesn't help u at all.
this is a horrible teacher. tells u 2 drop the class if u ask for help.
He encourages people to drop out. I had calculus in HS but do not preform well.
Does not explain very well. If u ask for help he will tell u to drop it.
can't teach and doesn't releate back to the students
Terry has no clue on how to teach. Do not take any classes from him, seriously!
Norm is a nice guy, but he should NOT be teaching. If you have a question, you are on your own. He will try to help, but he is incapable. It's like having your grandparent who has no experience with technology teach a class on unity. It's an easy class but you won't learn anything.
Norm seems like a nice guy, but he should NOT be teaching. Let me spell it out like this: if you have any questions at all related to unity, you are on your own. He tries to help but he is incapable. If you are able to take this class with a different professor, for your own sake, please do so. His class is a huge waste of time/money.
This was an incredible waste of time and money. Norm is a business professor trying to teach IT and CPS courses and failing. Most of the work is busy work and completely useless. You would be better off reading a book because that is all you'll do anyway. He lacks and ability to teach and instead assigns papers on modern tech to avoid doing work.
I really liked Norm; he seems like a funny, knowledgable teacher. The content of the course however, was really difficult and he wasn't much help. There was so much to complete in a 5 week frame with limited help available (There was one lecture and the rest of the 5 weeks were on your own).
I had a three hour into business class with him and it was a pain to sit through. He likes to tell a lot of uninteresting and off-topic stories. He does offer a lot of extra credit clicker questions, but they seem to be just because our class struggles. Very unorganized, and it's unlikely to hear back from him within the week if you send an email.
Homework is hard to grasp and not talked about in class. Rough starting but gets easier
Literally, Creggers CPS class could be taught by a high school student. He goes over 3 chapters a week which all have 100+ slide powerpoints. So each week you must study 300 slides of powerpoint notes. He also is an unorganized mess and he seems like he creates his lesson plan 2 minutes before class. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY. I WANT TO SWITCH MAJORS
This was an absolute waste of a class. Spent the whole semester talking about news that can be read outside of class. Lectured once, tests are very specific on terminology. Lab time was a complete waste. Felt like a waste of money and time just to show up for a grade.
If you like being talked to in a rude, condescending manner then take this class!
I thought I would like marketing, until I met this guy. Quiz nearly every class, even before a test. Pointless dribble. A monkey can do what he does in class, turn the slide and read it word for word. Quite possibly even worse than Dr. Hwang in BIS202! Now that is saying something!!! I HATE THIS CLASS WITH A PASSION!!!
Don't Take This Man for MKT 300... sucks as a prof for MKT. Tests are insanely hard, quizes everyday BEFORE he lectures on the material on the quiz... BS
Please....Learned nothing.
this class was a complete joke... he is boring and its a waste of time to go to class,execpt he has ramdom quiz's... and the tests are ridiculous, some questions make no sense at all..the labs are taught by indians that dont speak much english p.s. kept making remarks bout ****s.. weird guy...
I can't stand this guy. I took the class for an easy A and it put a big damper on my semester. The class average for tests was in the 60's. His lectures weren't helpful at all. I taught the class to myself!
Useless Class. Just study the guides off of blackboard and its an easy A. Attendance Required. Norm doesn't teach at all. The most he will do is run through powerpoint slides outlining information after you have had the quiz about it.
Norm really is a terrible teacher
He's a nice guy but awful at online teaching. The COVID pandemic has really put a block in the way we students learn but the most important thing right now is that we are actually taught. That's not him. He read's off his powerpoints and only grades tests and ALEs which are only worth one point. His study guides are not helpful at all either.
This was genuinely one of the hardest classes Ive ever taken. He doesnt use any slides or even write notes on the board. If youre not an auditory learner, good luck. His exams are confusing and youre basically expected to memorize the textbook & know the exact words he said in lecture. Your entire grade is solely based off of 4 exam scores.
Kevin Wolbach, NO PhD., is one of the worst professors I have had the displeasure of having. He gives minimal assignments, your grade relies mostly on exams, which are near impossible to pass. You have no study resources, and are often left in the dark about what is expected of you. He does not use powerpoints, so good luck figuring it out.
Does not offer PowerPoints or any back exams to prepare for his exams. Studied for his exams in advance, but still got 60. Unclear questions on the exam. But he is always available if you want to make an appointment.
WHAT?!!? you LIKE HIM??? ANY INCOMING FRESHMAN- TRUST ME. HE'S TERRIBLE.
avoid this man like the plague. not only is he extremely boring, but he's a jerk to boot. his tests are impossible and i'd rather have major dental surgery than sit through another of his labs. run far, far away.
HATE THIS MAN! He is the worst teacher ever! He has yet to teach me a single thing. His tests are poorly written and they don't make any sense. He is rude to his students. He is retiring after this semester and I cannot wait...I just wish he would have told us that before I took his class.
What an arrogant prig! So full of his own importance. Can't stand Catholics or women and puts both down every chance he gets. Tests are a joke (Does he even read the answers or just decide randomly who gets what grades?) DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS unless it's your last semester and there's no one else to choose from. He needs to go buy an RV & travel.
**** teacher nothing good to say about anyone way too opinionated
Does not speak in sentences, no subject, no direct object, totally confusing,
Cannot teach to save his life. Knows material well, but can't help class do same
This class suuuuuucks. If you turn in your papers expect them back at the end of the semester. Give him a pack of Mountain Dew and he might give you a break. He is unorganized and averages 1000 'ums' per class. He is not funny but thinks he is humorous. Take another class if you can.
The class is awful, take a different theme class if you can. He is very unorganized and not timely at all. The tests are hard and there is lot of stupid busy work to do.
Don't plan on actually having things show up on blackboard on time. He's very forgetful and confusing.
Name is ISELEY. Econ wizard.
Quizzes are impossible to get perfect scores which brings your grade down dramatically since they are weighted so much. The exams have a super low average because they are impossible. SAP homework is the easiest thing and it is still annoying. Avoid this class in general.
Horrible, horrible professor. Worst I've ever had. His class wasn't any real teaching, just rambling. 25% of your grade was participation. You would get roughly half of those points if you spoke average. How is 50% average? Pretty much the class was just people interupting each other in the fight to get participation points, not real learning.
What a waste and if this is what this MBA prgram is about, I'm not taking another one of the classes here.
I really got the feeling that he just didn't care about anybody but himself. He never answered email and took forever to grade the papers. We didn't know where we stood in the class, but heard how badly other classes had done. I really think he's one of the worst teachers I have ever had.
doesn't answer questions - doesn't answer email - really kind of a jerk - he thinks he is smart and students arn't important - i hated this class - boring and easy
this was the worst professor that i have ever had, i think that if you have the choice of watching grass grow or going to this class you will have more fun watching the grass grow.
I'm in 268 now with him, and he is terrible. He knows waht he's talkin gabout, but manages to confound it all...he's so boring, and asks you to do his lecture for him with really long puases, waiting for answers...if you like to get things done with, take someone else. I feel like i've been sitting here for days and it's only been 70 minutes!
If i were you, i wouldn't get this guy. It is not that difficult, test are a little hard, and they were weighted 40 percent, all the online quizes that you can get GREAT scores on are like 1.67% of your grade. He wont' e-mail you back probably, I would take Parag if you had the choice, for real.
this class was nearly horrible. i PAID to take a course to learn something i already knew and the school CHARGED a local business for my group to work on a web design project for them...talk about double-dipping! the prof knew what he was doing, but couldn't teach or demonstrate it worth a crap.
He sucks!!! NEVER responds to your emails and does not grade fairly. take forever giving you assignments back.
Very boring lectures. Does not grade fairly or clearly. Never responds to emails.
This guy is terrible! Fire him and get a real teacher. His lectures are boring and yet he thinks he is so good. Take someone else if possible.
Horrible Prof no time to work on projects and assigns a bunch of them take someone else
He doesn't give time to work on projects in class and has them due in one week. Hard to understand and expects alot out of you when he doesn't give you the time.
You cannot understand him at all. Do not take him
Tests are hard, he skips classes, and grades assighments poorly
Goes off topic too much
Although this was one of the hardest classes I have taken, it was by far one of my favorite. Dr. Huss is a great professor who makes the content interesting and I looked forward to class (I didn't think that was possible!).Test use the "applied" approach rather than straight definitions. Study his review sheets and read the book and you're good!
Uses baloon animals for all his examples for some reason. Odd.
if this lady would stop hacking up a lung during tests it might not be that bad.... oh wait she is a horrible teacher too... can't explain anything
hard to follow, not helpful, but a nice person beyond class
stop with the um's & teach us! we're paying for the class!
No papers at all. Whole semester just pass one paper that the syllabus of 2016 summer, my class is 2018 full.
If you are interested in actually learning graphic design, do NOT take this loser. If, however, you want an easy grade or just need credit, he would be the teacher to take. But, don't be surprised when you get in the "real world" and realize that you've spent money for a piece of paper, rather than an education, after taking any of his courses.
She is nice but don't expect to learn anything.
Dan Gross used to be a really good teacher, but it seems that he's given up. All content is copy and pasted from last semester, and he is nearly unreachable for clarification. I despise his classes. If he didn't teach required ones that I'm forced to take, I would avoid him at all costs. Tests are ridiculously terrible, also.
I took Writing 101 online and it was an awful experience. Assignments were not clear, feedback on essays was extremely late and communication was very poor. I hope to never have another course from this instructor online.
i took his online class and he was very unhelpful. everytime i had a question, it took a week to respond, and usually i had to write him again. he never read the discussion board. you take a quiz, but cant see which question you got wrong so its hard to learn. he did not seem to care at all about his students.
Everything discussed during the lecture was on web ct. I could have just read the powerpoint presentations and never attended the class. The professor did not present additional facts or other interesting information. When asked for more info or facts on a topic was unable to answer or explain info that was not already on the powerpoint.
Don't ever take a night class with this guy! I had SO-101 Monday nights 6-9:40 and he'd often keep us till past 10. Talked to board a lot and didn't answer questions. Graded unfairly.
He is so ungodly boring it is unreal. All the tests are multiple choice and most of them have 'E. all the above.' He lectures everyday, every hour and the test questions come from outer space.
This guy is such an ****, I hate him. I can't stand his teaching methods, He doesn't explain material at all, he will only give you one example of something and it is very difficult to apply that to any other situation. His class sucked!!! and I will never have him again, I promise that!!!!!!!!!!
She expects from students way too much..never good enough for her. Think about it, we're students, learning and dont have that much experience. She needs to understand that...we can not be as good as her. Dont even dream about an A from her!!!!
Not helpful and clearly has favorites in the class. I am not a business major so she disliked me from the start. Do you're self and favor and don't take this class way too much work for one class.
I had a 3.92****gpa going into her class. I recieved a D+ from her. Point made.
Very good teacher but expects way too much. I was the most vocal/participative member of class and still only recieved a B. Tough lady, but she knows her stuff.
Professor Arnold is not a tough professor but he refuses to be accommodating. He is arrogant and lacks morals. He refuses to take accountability and is very unapproachable. I only recommend taking a class with him if you enjoy negative people.
Worst experience at SU ever. Hands everything off to TAs and lets them do whatever. Takes zero interest in students and ignores them when they seek him out. Emotionally and mentally cruel. Stay far away.
Rudest professor I've ever had. He is extremely condescending and has an attitude most days, which isn't the best thing to deal with at 8am. A clicker is also required for the course, which costs $75, and is only used to take your attendance. Grades are based on few assignments. Honestly just don't take this class unless you're super into religion.
Hardest class Ive ever taken, and this is coming from a Bio major with 3.99. Got all As and one A- throughout my college career, and now in my last semester Im getting a C in a 100 level class. Lol what a joke
You Don't have to go to lecture. Go get the attendance points and then leave, read a book do what ever you will get more out of it then lecture. Make sure you don't miss a recitation that is where all the test questions come from.
Don't suggest taking this class if you don't have to. His tests are hard- most of the answers come between 2 that could be correct. Even if you study your butt off there's always a chance you'll do horribly. Sure he curves it but not by much. Don't take this class.
Don't ever take this class!! rough and boring
Personality: Rough class, he hardly makes any sense as he rambles along apparently describing what is important to him. Read the book on your own, thats where he tests from. Don't bother asking for help in the class, he will lecture you about how you are supposed to study. Only bonus is that most people don't do well so big curve.
yells waaaay too much, and the class is wicked hard. The worst psych class I have ever taken, and it's one of my majors.
I love most psych classes -its my major - but this is the worst psych class I've taken. Instead of teaching, he rants and yells and rants some more. The content is also VERY boring. Its all theories which he disagrees with. I would avoid it if if you can,
Worst class ever!! Do not take this course, unless you want to fail!!!
ugh...this man is so bitter...and it comes out in his lectures, which are dull
Class is literally only 4 tests. He is hard to understand and very old! I would not recommend this class to anyone.
He literally speaks gibberish in class. I cannot understand anything but that is me not understanding science. It is very science base. He gives "exam questions" day before exam but its not helpful. You have to buy the $250 textbook. Dropped this class and I am definitely less stressed.
PSY205 is probably the worst class I've taken at SU. There is so much b/s that is required that doesn't help you on the exams/quizzes that I cannot possibly list here. The lectures are interesting and informative but you can't miss a single one. There are many extra credit opportunities, but still, don't take this course if it's not required.
bad teacher... wicked hard tests, and won't help you when you ask him for it.
impossible tests
All he does is rant about things not related to the course. Like I did not sign up for Philosophy with this guy
Only survived because of prior electrical knowledge. Just use the book. Bad accent. Basically tries to make students doing well tutor the other people. Miserable with lab report. 60% of the class failed the first exam. Demands good handwriting, but his is near illegible. YOU MUST USE PEN.
Terrible, doesn't explain anything,changes everything on tests, over half the class will fail, guaranteed
worst teacher ever!!!! has anger management problems, goes off on anything. takes off points on tests for no reason and when you talk to him he'll just get mad at you and make you feel stupid. try to avoid him as hard as you can
basically avoid this guy like the plague. He is inconsiderate and discriminates. always harasses the girls in the class. His grading is inconsistent and depends if he likes you, otherwise you will lose points for no reason. also uses labs from 3 years ago. Horrible teacher/person.
The quality of an education at Wentworth has decreased dramatically due to professors like him.
This professor is a very wise and intelligent man and very nice outside of the class. Unfortunately i think he's a poor teacher. He should probably be teaching grad students or people pursuing a PhD. His thinking is not suited for teaching undergrad students. Things seem so complicated the way he explains things and he has a heavy accent.
WOW... This professor is terrible. Avoid At All Cost!!! Constantly says one thing one moment and then changes his mind the next week to completely counter him self.
Can't understand what he says unless he writes it on the board. Easier to just use the book.
not a good teacher, hard to understand, poor handwriting, no example problems in class. doesnt correct/go over homework and solutions are largely illegible. avoid if at all possible.
M'kay. This man is the real life Mr. Mackey from south park....m'kay. His left cheek is melting.
Cant talk englsih
Horrible proffessor, I learned absolutly nothing in this class, got a C and moved on. If you have the chance, DONT take him
why haven't they fired him yet!?!?!
yar he blows!!!
Clueless man. Lost in his own little world. Hated everyday I had with him. Picks on students for no reason. Needs to learn how to teach.
If u are stuck in his class u might ass well suicide, not worth living, hes got teaching issues and if he picks on you, ur ****ed
This guy needs to learn how to teach... NEVER take him
This ****ing **** gave me a 15/25 on my test.but I got the right answers, what the **** is going on here. People got better grades than me that didnt get anywhere near the right answers. **** HIM.dont take this guy, why am I paying this **** my money?
ehhh ehh um e^j omega phi wait is that right yes it is uhhh uhhh ehh umm. what the hell is he saying
Miserable incoherent ass, type of guy who should work at the DMV
Yells at student who ask questions, No water in class. Flip out at a good friend
the absolute worst teacher I've ever had. I literally hate this man.
he sucks, john levitt taught me more then him and he was in my class
Horrible teacher!! Try to avoid
He doesn't really care and seems like he does NOT want to be there. Was in 110 and he kept acting like all of the subject material was way above his ability and would laugh at or ignore students if they got a question wrong. His lectures were unstructured and he is not an easy guy to talk to since he makes you feel really stupid. Avoid
Prof. Gross is very smart, however he makes you feel dumb when you ask a question. Exams weigh pretty heavy on your grade and he is not good at answering questions. Overall do not take him.
doesnt teach much
i want to sob.
grades extremely hard, especially on tests!
Give by far the most hw, does has multiple assignments due twice a week, any little mistake of test will result in full question wrong
This class was HARD. There was so much homework. The homework was ridiculous because it was on a website where you would have to get the answer exactly correct or you would get no credit for the question. The tests were extremely hard, and the professor did not explain things well. I taught myself pretty much everything. Good Luch if you have him.
He is not very clear with his work, and you have to teach yourself.
I taught myself everything in this class. Tests are graded very hard. He will dock you down points on grammar when it is a math class. Never gives clear instructions on what we are going over in class. Never actually explains why or how to solve something, just does it. Not very helpful with questions either. and will leave you more confused.
This man has no clue how to teach a class, if you ask a question he will not answer it AT ALL he'll mumble laugh and move on. I would truly rather slam my face on a hot grill than take his class again. worst professor ever
I will be referring to him as Evan Gross because he does not deserve the title "Professor." I gave him a 1/5 rating simply because 0/5 was not an option. Evan Gross is the biggest disgrace to Grand Valley State University that there has ever been. If you take him expect to teach yourself all the material of the class on your own time.
DO NOT TAKE ANY CLASSES WITH HIM!!!! Professor Gross does not teach effectively. If you ask him a question to get a better understanding of the material, he will just repeat what he said when he taught the lessons. There were often days where we had two in class assignments, a worksheet out of class, along with webwork assignments. Soo much work!!
Mumbles throughout the entire class and is terrible at teaching. If I could give him a 0, I would. An extremely tough grader/nit picky which is rich considering if we presented the material like he does hed fail us. Only take him if youre out of options.
Terrible! won't help you. nasty to talk to. goes way too fast. assigns work before he has ever mentioned anything about how to do it or what it means but expects you to know how to do it. should no longer be employed. Wish I could give him a zero.
He was one of the worst teachers I have ever had. I had taken algebra as a junior in high school and got an A. I am struggling to keep my C-. I have taught myself ALL of the content. He also will assign homework or assignments very last minute and you wouldn't know unless you check blackboard 4 hours before class. DO NOT TAKE HIM
He is horrible. Takes little time to go over material, and tends to skip around a lot on given material overall a bad teacher.
DO NOT TAKE HIM. Toughest grader I have ever had in my life. I consider myself to be good at algebra. Normally I get test grades of 85 or higher. In this class I have not gotten over a 70. He does NOT reward you for what you do right, he punishes you for what you do wrong. Be prepared to teach yourself all of the content.
Worst professor I've ver had. He doesn't teach and just expects you to know how to do everything. He is also an extremely tough grader and grades all homework on accuracy.
He marks the entire question wrong if you make the TINIEST mistake and expects you to know everything. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS he makes me feel dumb and does not teach
He is by far the worst professor I have had at GVSU. He assigns these preview activities on material we haven't even learned and grades it based on accuracy. He gives a lot of busy work and then does not really help when people ask questions. He is also a really tough grader. If you made a tiny mistake, he would mark the whole question wrong.
He is the worst professor I have had at GV. He made me feel dumb when I asked questions and did not help me at all. I ended up having to teach myself. He does not teach and gives worksheets on material we don't know and then grades it on accuracy.
He is not a good teacher. He doesn't know how to express what he wants to teach. Whenever someone gives a wrong answer he just kinda scoffs at the student and he brings the down them down for giving a wrong answer. All of his homework is for accuracy so if you don't understand it in class your basically screwed. One of the worst teachers at GV.
Not a fan, I have an A- but I have never worked so hard for an A in an intro-level class in my lifetime and I am well schooled. Poor quality explanations with little to no lecture/teaching. MAKE SURE YOU CAN TEACH YOURSELF! Otherwise, you will be in hot water.
You can tell he's very smart but he does not know how to teach it. He can be very condescending when you ask him questions. The tests are very long and hard also. The book isn't opened once in class but you'll need it to basically teach yourself the course.
Professor Gross definitely knows what he is talking about. But, he does not convey the subject to students well. I spent many hours in the math center. When I went to office hours he helped me, but was very rude and made me feel like I was stupid. I do not recommend taking him if you are looking for a professor that will teach.
Professor Gross was terrible. He speaks so quietly and in a mono tone voice that it is hard to hear him. He is not clear on assignments and never gives the assignments back. Although he is an easy grader and always rounds up. If your looking for an easy A take him. Otherwise he's terrible.
This was the worst experience I have had with a professor at GVSU. He is horrible at explaining course material and NONE of his lecture examples correlated with the textbook or homework. The textbook is required to do the assigned homework problems. The exams were extremely difficult! He is also terrible at answering questions, and rude.
He is smart and knows his stuff but doesn't explain the material very well. I've taken 097 & 110 with other professors and got A's in those courses. In Statistics I got a B. I am failing this class and will be retaking it. The online videos are where I am going to learn this material going forward to learn. Love math hate going to this class.
He is by far the worst professor I have had yet. He talks down to you and when you ask him a question he responds which a question in a sarcastic tone. DO NOT TAKE HIM. Math 122 should be a simple class and he makes it way more complicated than needed.
Didn't explain anything. Assumed we knew everything. My lease favorite professor so far
Prof. Gross is probably one of the hardest professors to just understand on a talking level. He mumbles a lot and wonders why you don't pay attention. He is very social awkward. He has lost a quiz of mine and accused me of not taking it. DO NOT take him if you have any choice.
he was a horrible teacher, just like everyone said he teaches the class like you already know what you are doing. Never explains how he gets from one step to the next, expects you to just read his mind. Plus hes very socially awkward. Avoid at all costs.
Horrible professor! The worst I have had in college so far. He mumbles a lot and acts like we should already know what material is being covered. Does not explain mathmatical concepts whatsoever. Avoid this guy
Very nice guy but the most socially inept professor I have ever had. He mumbles alot when explaining things and does a terrible job of that. awful.
HORRIBLE TEACHER! It is so weird because he is really a nice guy but does not know how to teach a class. You basically have to teach yourself because when he stands up there he talks as if you know everything already and doesn't explain anything! Goes though problems without explanation. Do the HW/take homes and make sure its RT, it helps.
I would not Reccomend this guy. He goes through his examples very fast without explaining them well at all. Most of my class ended up in the math lab constantly, but most of the math lab couldnt even help with most of his assignments. Nice guy but avoid his class
If you are fresh out of high school,& relatively good at math, can learn on your own, then take him. I found myself in at mathlab 3-4times a week. He rarely teaches concepts, mainly does examples on the board. I went to his office hours frequently &he would sometimes send me away to get instruction from the mathlab. I went to every class.
Horrible Professor, isn't clear and doesn't answer question well. Definitly get out of his class
He is a horrible professor. Talks like he does not know what he is talking about. I dreaded going to this class. Does not know how to speak so the class gets annoying real fast. I would say try to find another teacher. NOT a good choice
don't take his class unless you're good at math
ugh
Honestly probably one of the top 3 worst math teachers I have had. Cannot teach, does not project, very fidgety and nervous all the time. Does not go over enough examples-more concerned with getting material done with than the depth of knowledge. If I did not do well in math in HS, I would have been completely lost. STAY AWAY FROM THIS TEACHER!!!!!
HORRIBLE!!! Has no interaction skills and cannot project to class!
AWFUL! Don't take this prof!
I spent more time writing down examples of his abuse of math lingo (i.e. equations were referred to as "things") than I did listening to his lectures. Don't take unless you are good at learning math on your own. Grading is fair (drops 5 lowest
Avoid him like the plague. He is inept. GVSU should monitor his classes. He should not be teaching as he has no skill for it. Only those extremely proficient in math should sign up for his classes & prepare to be bored.
When he answers questions, all he does is confuse you more.
Think he should be attending class, he can't teach.
does he even know how to do math??
He explained nothing. Very boring,and confussed me a person who had pre clac
Non-professional, poor accesibiliy, difficult to follow in lesson
don't skip
She is scatter-brained, bland, and does not seem to care if you actually learn the material. Highly disappointed.
We were at least a month behind schedule the whole time. everything is"group" and you dont learn at all.
Ms. Matherne is quite frankly a horrible professor. She does not allow for any creativity or free thought by student and regards anything that is not exactly as she or the textbook states it as being wrong. She will revise your work and then pick it apart and grade very harshly after making the changes she said to do. Very, very contradictory.
Not my favorite.
I'm fairly certain that Beverly Matherne is senile. She's a terrible teacher who is only concerned with what the book says, and doesn't consider common sense. It's common that she'll look over the group work, correct mistakes, then grade it and completely tear your work apart. I really recommend taking ANYONE you possibly can rather than her.
Take anyone but her. She's horrible. Annoying, weird, and sooooo boring. She tells you to correct things on your paper and then takes points off. Very contradictory... you will hate your life when you are in her class.
VERY ANAL, forgets what she does and does not tellstudents, particularly about tests dates. hard to contact outside of class, strict attendance policy, very disorganized and sarcastic towards student requests. Very frustrating professor overall, very insensitive, and a waste of both my time and money!
WOW, worst prof. I have met yet.She treats us you like an idiot, yells at you when you do what she had just told you, and refuses to help you if you missheard anything in class.My buddie tricked me into picking her, I would never do that to anyone. DON'T TAKE HER CLASS!!!
I'm only three weeks into the class and it's miserable. She treats her students like high schoolers, doesn't allow student expression, and spends most of the time talking about herself, her life, and what she's published. Avoid her and if other people feel this way, organize yourselves and take action.
She wastes a lot of class time, be sure to bring homework. Her grading does NOT make any sense. Avoid her at all costs as a prof. She needs a lesson on clarity. She is kind of nice as a person though.
She is very rude! She tells you to change something and when you do, she still marks it wrong! She just can't be satisfied with any work done.
Doesn't show up for appointments, skips explinations right to due dates when behind on the schedule, unclear on grading, flaky, insanely strict on grammer, assumes you know as much as she does, goes off on rants about plays, and if she doesn't get your writing - she will make you redo it her way.
Ms. Matherne is very unclear about her grading scale. She will tell you one thing when she reviews your assignment, but then will most likely mark it wrong when you turn in the assignment.
This prof is horrible. She is really rude to students. She treats you like you are stupid. She doesn't make it clear what is due when. Her assignment sheet doesn't correspond to the syllabus. You ask her a question, she blows you off.
Unorganized
Be warned Daric is useless if you are not on his good side. He is straight up rude and inconsiderate if you approach him for help. His lectures are a rambling mess. He will cancel class OFTEN and will not grade your projects for MONTHS. He makes up excuses for not doing his job. Take Steve Larson if you have a choice.
When Daric wasn't busy with his 3% of the class who already learned what he had to "teach" he was miserable toward the students who were there to learn (you know, who paid money). He sucks as a "professor" - he is a decent artist in his own right, but he has no business teaching anyone else.
If I had to hear this star trek dork say the word " cheesy" and "Cliché" one more time I would puke on myself. Grading process makes no sense what so ever. I would half ass something and get a good grade. Then I would pour my soul into another project and get poor grade.
Highly opinionated about himself and everything else. Narrow minded. Thinks everything is cliche. People that he likes get better grades than people he doesn't like. Doesn't relate well to most students.
Daric sucks, he admitted to having favorite students. Anyone who thinks he is a good professor sucks up to him. He has very poor people skills. I have had him for four different courses and felt in each course he failed to reach 90% of the students.
He was my advisor when i first got to school.. and its his fault that i am a cis student now. hes not a very nice guy from what ive seen.
Nice person, but has absolutely no clue as to what good work looks like. And has absolutely no clue on what it takes to actually work in the field. I've had Keith but he would be better choice if you actually want somebody that knows what they are talking about.
Tends to make a lot of sexual references during critiques that made me feel uncomfortable. Grades unfairly, someone got an A on her research project turning it in late and I got an A- and mine was on time and presented to class, it wouldn't be a problem but I'm pissed someone who didn't work as hard as me did better. Take someone else.
While I am typing this, half of the class are out of it. I guess no one can stand his low volume, mono-tone speaking. I like his art work, but he is just not a good teacher at all. He tells you what's in the test, but doesn't mean it's easy (Mid term next class). The class is no doubt boring, not because of the material but Mr. Leete. Nice guy tho.
bad prof. guy can't teach, needs mandatory retirement
The assignments aren't hard just really boring. Made me want to sleep every class. The class isn't bad, but really try to get a different teacher, or don't take it in the morning. Your only aloud to have 3 unexcused absenses, but you can just tell him u we sick and he doesn't count it agaisnt you, the only good thing about him.
very out there and narrow minded. He likes to talk about his own work and doesn't grade on effort or skill but basicly if its his taste or not. inconsiderate and makes you feel dumb if you have a question or don't understand something.I went to him several times after class for help and he mocked what i said and humiliated me.i ended up having to bringthe dean into the situation but since he has his ten year there was not much we could do.he knows he can get away with anything cuz hes been there for so long
This man told me he could achieve levitation through extreme meditation. What a waste of money that I paid for his useless mandatory classes. Spent a whole semister discussing some horrible book. I cant even remember who wrote the damn thing so tha t goes to show you how interesting it was. I got absolutely nothing from this professor. Not a damn thing. His hot ass daughters are the only thing good about him.
HORRIBLE TEACHER, STAY AWAY!! Never cared that I didn't have any experiance and was just learning, I was just suppose to know how to do everything. Oh, and if he dosn't like the design, it's a bad grade, no matter how hard you worked on it.
Complete space case. He rambles all class period about nothing and everything. And don't even bother asking for help, he will talk about everything else under the sun EXCEPT for what you asked him. And if you are perfect, you'll end up with a D. Nasty!
AVOID. I have no respect for him and his endless, mindless babble; it is not intelligence, he just speaks in jargon. Has no organization. Decided in the middle of the final to change how he would grade them & what info he wanted.
does not communicate well with students
He goes too fast during the lectures. I look down for one second to take notes and I look back up and he's like 3 slides ahead. He doesn't go over the material enough for the weekly quizzes or the exams. I took one quiz from home because I wasn't feeling well and he gave me a zero.
Worst Class and worst prof. I have ever had. Wish I would have dropped sooner.
Uses lectures from over 10 years ago. Quiz and Tests DO NOT line up with materials given. Do not take this class unless you want to struggle.
I have dropped two of his classes in the past because it was too much. The current class I'm in is online and you might as well only take this class and the courseload will still be ridiculous. His lectures/notes don't make much sense and his exams and quizzes are awful, LESS than a minute per question when you have so much reading to do.
This is no doubt the "weed out" class of the art program. There are many things wrong about this tho. 1) it's a required course so many people dont necessarily need it for their career. 2) it's only a 200 level course and the professor goes over the top with test questions! 3) he requires 2 books that you don't need. So study the notes and show up
I took this 200-level class for as a Gen Ed credit, and it was one of the most difficult courses of my academic career. Attendance isn't mandatory, but it's not like a perfect attendance will guarantee you an A. His tests are nearly impossible and many students didn't know what they were getting in to. Hard to take notes considering he rambles.
He made a 200-level class insanely more difficult than it should have been. Attendance was not mandatory but he expects you take impossible notes during his 2-hour ramblings about the most dry topics ever. I think an average exam grade was about 60% usually. I received a C and I was lucky. I would highly recommend avoiding him. If not, god speed.
Very confusing, goes off topic a lot, it is very hard to get clear notes. Never know what to expect on the exams. Wording on the exams are difficult to understand. Doesn't care much to help if falling behind. It is not just this class that was difficult with him.
Class seems way more difficult than it's actually level. Boring lecture. Not interactive. Heartless.
Confusing, and teaches the course at what seems to be a MUCH higher level than 200. I am not an A&D major, and this was one of the few classes I could take for an art liberal credit, but it was a major pain in the butt.
Very difficult class. He expected us to have background in the subject and made us feel like idiots when he would ask questions, because no one in the class was an AD major, so none of us had any idea what was going on.
You will do very bad unless you are a Super Student.
I thought this class was going to be easy. It isn't. I have gotten good grades my whole life and now I'm failing pretty much. He makes his own words up and uses ridiculus hand gestures which distracts learning. He wants almost wants specific dates on when something was made and the most difficult tests ive ever taken... i dont understand him...
For a 100 level class, it was insane. The guy won't give you a break from all the homework he gives you. He won't take into consideration any way of doing things, but his own way. Expects too much of his students. I used to be an Art and Design major, but he ruined it for me, so now I'm majoring in Social Work.
Dude is wack, he makes some much**** up. Heres a better idea if you want to learn how to draw take phegan, and expect to have no money left when semesters over, he will make you spend everything. Totally useless teacher. buy the book and teach yourself you will learn a hell of alot better than if he teaches you.
I had another professor in the beginning of the semester, but due to medical reasons, he had to leave for the rest of the year. I got a 94% on my original teacher's test, and then Leuthold took over and I got a 58%. His tests are absolutly ridiculous and something should be done about an entire class failing, because it isnt the student's faults.
Completely useless, tests on the most ridiculous little detail that nobody in their right mind would study for a test. No help after lecture either, doesn't care whether you understand the material or not. Useless!!
The man is insane. Tests are ridiculously hard, and his lectures just go and go and go. Form a failure pact with others and hope for a grade curve. Beware.
Hard to follow. No test reviews. Teaches to art students. Buy his book...he's full of himself and the tests don't seem to have anything to do with the required text.
Painful class, especially for being one of my first classes at NMU. Seems interested in only teaching art students, very full of himself, and extremely difficult. To be honest, he was the worst prof that I've had in my past few years at Northern.
I tried harder for this class than I have ever tried before. His tests are incredibly hard. Though taking notes, studying A LOT, and making note cards do help, I think that my time would have been better spent doing ANYTHING else. I would have still done the same on the tests had I NOT studied. His class average is LOW. Hope for a CURVE.
Steven Leuthold is the abslolute worst professor I have ever had. The class average is very, very low. Class is boring and uninformative. Tests do not correlate to texts. Tests do not correlate to his lecture notes. Class is especially bad for auditory learners. Avoid his classes at all costs.
one of the worst class experiences i ever had. two years ago.
I had Steve for Japanese Art & Architecture, as well as History Of 20th Century Art. His class is not as difficult as others are claiming, but he is an extremely frustrating professor. His testing techniques are frankly awful, and sometimes unfair. His lectures are interesting and informative. He is a very knowledgable professor, but his courses have no focus. He covers a great deal of material, without much depth or purpose. He allows his personal opinions to determine course coverage and testing.
I showed up every day took notes, payed attention, read the text. His tests are horrible. Famous quote. " Well that one could be correct but this one is more correct." What kind of learning process is that? I did not learn a single thing. Waste of my time and money. I feel sorry for those that have to take any of this guys courses.
I learned nothing from him. I only learned what was in the books. He claimed we were all so stupid, so he would only make us use one of the four books he had us buy. He is a tough teacher, and I was a 4.0 student. It is a really boring subject if it isnt your major, so be prepared to try real hard not to fall asleep. I don't suggest an a.m. class.
well let see the 1st class i took with him he TOLD me i was to stupid to take his classes! he is not willing to help, he never make sence and when u try to correct him on something he will not hear it.. he is by far the WORST teacher i have ever had! K-12 and college
This professor is absolutely rediculous, he obsesses over mundane details. Lectures are at such a pace that by the time you process what he just said, hes onto a totally different topic. For the first test, he gave out a 15 page study guide for 40 questions and the course average was 53%.
When the class average on a test full of fifth year art majors is a 41%, perhaps there's something wrong with the way the class is being taught. Not according to this guy. We're just terrible students.
this guy acts as if he's a professor at an ivy league school.
BAD! In class he uses vocabulary that no one understands! On the tests he asks unreasonable questions and never helps you! He regularly talks himself incircles
You have no idea what he will ask on tests but it can be guarenteed to be very minute details that were not stressed or even mentioned. Makes you feel stupid if you ask a question. Tries to sound smart with big words no one understands Stay away from him!
Knows his material but talks himself in circles. Loves to use big words and confussing language on tests.
THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD! DO NOT TAKE ANY OF HIS CLASSES IF YOU CAN AVOID IT! HE CANNOT TEACH, AND CANNOT GIVE GOOD HELP IF YOU ARE LOST!
He seems oblivious to the fact that his students are lost. He also gets confused easily and has little clue as to what he is going over
My professor's lectures were pre-recorded videos from three years ago, with hardly any assigned homework. Instead, we had frequent quizzes and exams on topics never discussed in class. The professor wasn't helpful, hard to reach, and unresponsive. One week, I missed an unannounced exam due to illness. I don't recommend taking a class with her.
Doesn't read or respond to emails, does not lecture, quizzes aren't based on in class materials, no rubrics for papers or projects, spend class time ranting or promoting her own books/art. You will spend every class period "discussing" questions but you will only be assigned one question and she will not tell you the correct answer.
I didn't learn anything from this class. First, the class was listed as in-person and I only found out on the first day that it was a web course. Second, the final grade was based entirely on a few tests and quizzes. The course gave me no real interest in the subject and was really an afterthought. Professor Yang seemed to not enjoy teaching.
This professor is absolutely terrible. She is incredibly rude, gives little to no explanation for what she expects on essays and exams, provides no study guide for any of the material, and is absolutely awful at communicating and teaching. Do not take a class with her.
when you are failing the class she will call you slow in front of the whole class. She made 4 people cry this semester. When you ask for help she will not help and just say "you know, look in book". She will give extra points to only a select few people in the class. She just plays a video all hour and never stays long enough to ask questions.
Does NOT care about the students. When I had a question or was struggling with something she would tell me to go see the tutor. Horrible at explaining things, lectures too fast, barely anytime to learn content before jumping to the next thing, rude, will NOT be taking this class again or any class taught by her for that matter. Awful proffesor
Awful! This professor didn't care at all abou tthe course and was a very hard grader. Instructions were never clear and she gave NO feedback! awful awful, would never take a course with this professor again. If you have this professor... drop the course
This professor is by far the worst I've had this year. The guidelines for important assignments were non-existent, and her exams were poorly written. Her lecture is either her reading off slides or just saying whatever is on her mind, usually political. For the last half she doesn't even lecture, and all you have is group presentations.
She gives no direction about her quizzes so you have to ask her what she wants instead of her just telling you.
This professor was awful. she was so hard to understand. and the worst part is she was NOT helpful at all!!! she didn't help or answer any questions!! terrible experience. never take this professor for a class.
This Methods of Social Research class is a very difficult class to begin with. Between her severe accent, and unwillingness to help students, this is a horrible experience. I would not recommend this professor to anyone.
I had her for Methods of Social Research. She wasn't helpful, didn't seem to care whether students understood the subject, and showed up for the final exam over forty-five minutes late. By far, she was the worst professor I had at NMU.
Impossible to understand! And when you read the book as a backup, those answers aren't even right! She said "I went through that in lecture, the book is old" When I ask, but I can't understand her! Even in the first few rows. Also, she can't do anything with a computer, she wont but anything up for you. "Its not an internet class."
This that were on the test weren't on the study guide.
Very hard to understand, and good luck trying to read her handwritting... I dont recommend her as a professor - take her if you like to get excited about chinese culture, like when she tallys students the 'old way from china'...
Very hard to understand and didnt care that you could not understand her. You need to really study, especially the study guide. Lucky though that she curves your final grade :)
It would be nice if she taught out of the book so I could study for the test. She is very hard to understand and not helpful at all. I would say that she is probably the worst teacher I have ever had.
She is very unclear in her speach and the notes dont make sense.
You cant understand her from listening, but then her written notes dont make sense either. Her tests are moderate... If you are really interested, stray from this professor.
She's extremely hard to understand, and her notes are not that helpful
ok...so you can't understand her very well,but she doen't get offended when you need clarification. She knows what she is talking about but should not try to teach it. She needs to answer the questions asked, and have someone else write her tests so they are in proper english.
Very hard to understand, her notes are not exactly the best either.
She is a great person outside of class, but as a prof. the language barrier is extremely difficult to deal with in a class like research methods that is confusing enough on its own. I don't think its really her fault that she screws tests up and stuff, she just doesn't understand english that well.
HOrrible!Hard to understand with a thick chinese accent,but whats even worse is she does lectures through overhead notes that she writes her hand writing is impossible to understand.Its just scribbles.Her test questions hardly make sense. If you pass, I would be shocked and so would she I am sure.
Nice prof., Wordy test, teaches straight out of the text(highlight), notes are sometimes helpful, but usually not, VERY HARD TO UNDERSTAND HER!!! Big on the overhead! Takes attendence so you must show up or your grade suffers. I dropped the class!
can't understand. tests are hard
poor english
She is very hard to understand. She puts up the course notes, which are just major headings and she never explains them. This means she doesn't teach!!!!
STAY AWAY! she is very hard to understand. She is not very clear and her attepmts at explanations make it worse.
Very impersonal, hard to understand because of her chinese dialect, notes do not refer to tests she has, rambles on about immaterial stuff. I would not suggest her for a larger class the class average was a 68% that should tell you something
Impossible to decipher anything she says, she knows no english whatsoever.
He is not that much tuned with the class and over burden with other things. He goes fast through the slides and since his slides are wordy , it is hard to take notes.
I found him to make many rude and shallow comments in and out of class. Did not return e-mails. Slow to grade compared to other teachers. He does know his subject, but could make things more exciting and organized. Made an exciting subject kind of boring.
Bernstock was the worst lecturer I've ever had the displeasure of having. She was erratic, confusing, confusing, unprofessional, and boring. She managed to sour one of my absolute favorite topics of learning with her in-class outbursts. The class itself was not very enlightening and I would certainly recommend avoiding it.
Nice person, but very mediocre teaching. Picked a terrible textbook and based the entire class on it. Meandering lectures appealed to the lowest denominator. The seminar was a joke.
I think she knows what she's talking about, but the lectures are so damn boring it's hard to tell. And a 400 level course should be more seminar, less lecture. Plus side-very easy. Did none of the reading, wrote the final the night before, still got a B+
Pretty interesting.But I was always confused what he talked about.It seems that he always talk about the example and few principles.But he will send us pratical test before the mid-exams or final.And these are quite useful which help me to get A.
Very smart guy but worthless as a teacher. Expects too much from students, talks to the board, just does useless examples. Tests are difficult and you have to teach yourself the material.
Very boring, but very easy. I played games in class and still got an A
Ok. This guy is the most boring professor I have ever taken. During his lectures, I am so confused as to what points he is trying to get across. I once asked him a question and he stared at me for a whopping 13 seconds, then kept lecturing. If you have to take accounting and you actually want to learn because you payed for this credit. Don take him
Do not take this prof...the worst ever. He doesnt teach, the class average on the exams are D's and dont even bother asking for help because he doesnt help you.
by far the worst teacher i have ever had in all my days as a student, he may be nice but he doesnt teach.. i have been in his class for 6 weeks now and have not been taught a thing, if you like teaching yourself then this is the class for you, i cant put into words how bad this guy is at teaching, he should stop for the students sake, STAY AWAY!!!!
Terrible in every way. I asked for help, and he told me to read the book. I told him he was a waste of my money and never went back. Got a nice F on my transcript. THANKS GODWIN!
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROF. He is the worst prof I have had so far. He is very educated and knows his stuff but he can not teach it. He needs to be fired. I heard Danko was a good acc prof to take.
Nice guy, but probably the worst professor I have ever had at GVSU. He doesn't really grade the homework. Hand in anything and you'll get credit. Couldn't teach someone how to open a paper bag. Puts no work into teaching the class. Homework was difficult, but since he doesn't really look at it, he generally gives high grades.
Awful. Very bright and knows his stuff, but bad at teaching. He attempts to be mysterious, but only confuses you. Doesn't care. Doesn't lecture or explain material. Easy enough to BS, but don't plan on learning anything from him. Class had potential to be great.
Terrible - boring. Text is terrible too - if you have a chance to wait until someone else is teaching this - you should wait and take it with them.
Sucks!!! Class is boring, talks quietly, doesn't respond with a yes or no rather a possible solution, nothing is ever cleared up, left up in the air. Can't learn from this guy, how can you do well in a class like that?
Hard to know if your doing things correctly, as he doesn't really try to give a "correct" answer. He simply shakes his head alot of doesn't comment. Good luck!
Really not a teacher, I wish he would try.
You must learn everything in the textbook on your own. He does not lecture in class. Most work in & out of class involves a project, which presents a great learning opportunity, only you never know whether you're doing it right since there's no feedback.
Tests are ridiculous. Unwilling to help or explain.....wow, good luck
Not willing to help students, lectures unclear and boring
If there was a rating lower than 1, I'd be giving him that. He SUCKS :(
talks too quiet, boring, horrible tests & quizzes... get out now!!!
Very difficult class. Tests are hard. Not much of a curve:(
you might as well switch your major away from accounting
Just ask yourself now what the hell was I thinking
Doesnt explain well. Impossibly long test. Horrible
Ignores you when you have a question...doesn't keep you informed of grade. WORST
Some of you are meant to be accountants, I will decide for you!
just shoot yourself now *waves byebye to 4.0*
worst prof ever! can't teach, confusing as hell, no help, good luck!
Teaches just little pieces, tests you on the whole shabang!
Didn't learn anything. Could have read power point slides at home by myself!
Unclear & awful! He went on vacation many times including week before finals.
Hard to follow and tests are really hard and the study guides don't really help.
He doesn't teach. Don't expect to learn anything, because he is very unclear
This guy seems to know too much to teach this class...
This professor require attendance and does not let you miss. He calls on every student in class about 5 times. And GOD FORBID you do not understand a concept or ask a question. He will quite literally HUMILIATE you in front of the entire class. He will get upset, call you out - even if you are genuinely trying your hardest. Never again.
I've gotten A's and B's on Spn. 1-3 but I'm barely passing in this class. He is very degrading and will call you out and make you feel stupid if you don't know an answer. This was my last class before graduation and I'm pretty sure I'm gonna have to retake it. If you care about your mental health then avoid him at all costs.
He gets frustrated really easily if you don't know the answer, even if it's something you just learned. You also spend the majority of the class going over your homework answers with a partner so it's essentially the blind leading the blind. I got an A in Spanish two and three and I barely passed Spanish 4.
Worst teacher ever! Never take this course with him!
This guy giive way to much homework for a class that should be easy. He dosen't know when to quit.
Brutal Teacher, Brutal Guy
He doesn't ever tell you anything that is a fact. He seems to have a grudge against Hillary Clinton if you look through the many reviews on this site you will find one from 2008 that said he was ranting about Clinton. It is ridiculous, he does see the other side at all. he says he does but he doesn't.
All you do is listen to his views on politics, which are not intelligent. I feel like I am listening to my conservative grandfather complain about the president the entire period. His views are not consistent. His lecture has no purpose or organization. He tells you to read the text, yet disagrees with it everyday so you never know what to study.
Ball breaks the cardinal commandment of teaching. He tells you incorrect information, in full knowledge of its incorrectness and with malice of intent. Those exiting his class with leave with false beliefs based on unsubstansiated claims. Ask him. He will fully admit to this practice. Those who value truth should avoid him and his cult followin
RECOMMEND AVOIDING!!! -unless you feel like recording each and every one of the lectures to weed out multiple one-sentence test answers over the span of the semester. DOES NOT follow the book and injects MUCH more information into the lecture than needs be. I am quite above-average in grades and this class was hell for me. His class is crap.
Dr. Ball reminds me of that kid who was never "cool" or in the "in-crowd" during his school days, and now revels in the attention he receives for being the crazy, "bad-ass" poli-sci professor. When really, in reality he's just a bitter loser that ran away to the U.P. to reject society. Quite frankly, he's a ****, and does a disservice to students
He is a horrible prof. You learn nothing, except how to play different online games. He allows the class to argue for 45 mins and then teaches for the last five. I was a PS major and was forced with him a few times...and hated each time! Stay away.
annoying. you don't learn a single thing. he's an annoying hillbilly.
He is the worst teacher
if you ever wonder why you do just O.K. on an exam that you did a lot of studying for, and all morons and hippies do better than you...it's because a whole Lot of people cheat in his classes, he recycles exams for years. thankfully i was well-connected, yet it still ain't right.
The most disorganized professor ever. He comes in late, spends the first half hour asking "What's in the news?", and then asks what we're covering that day. I wanted to use a research paper for his class as a graduate file paper, but he didn't even know what to do. Likes to hear himself talk.
Didn't like his teaching methods. Tests were pretty hard. Don't take if you aren't good at Political Science at all.
Horrible.
One of the poorest, if not thee poorest, professors I have ever had. His conservative opinions held more weight than actually teaching the class both sides of the issues discussed in class. His standards for learning relevant material were ridiculous.
This class sucked. it was easy...but that is because he didn't do anything
He doesn't teach. He talks a lot but doesn't do anything. Typical politician.
If you are a writing major, get ready to stop writing like a robot and adopt her "style" for the duration of this class. She dosn't care what you think or what you have published. You have to listen and nod, and turn in someone else' work. This woman should not be teaching at a major university.
Without a doubt, the worst professor I have ever had in my life. I got an A, and I have no idea what I learned...I only remember Gen Bio immunolgy after taking her rambling and disjointed class. Impossible exams and useless lecutres...crazy stories and theories: she called the bio soc-bio med students "useless brain-dead idiots of Rutgers" hahaha
This woman was out of her mind.She called out students for not showing up, which is ridiculous considering the class time (T-F 810AM!) and size (well over 200 people). She would constantly interject useless stories about her family, some prof with short-man syndrome, how Rutgers invented the pill, and how the female sex organs are so sophisticated
hated her, UNCLEAR, pulls questions on tests out of her you know what. RUN the other way!!!!
The worst teacher ever, ifyou see your going to take a class that she's teachong... RUN AWAY! RUN AWAY!!!!!!!!!!
THE WORST TEACHER YOU'LL EVER HAVE IN YOUR LIFE. she wont help you no matter what you do, and if you ask her a question in class she will most likely belittle you.
worst teacher ever.. dont take her.. you'll regret it.. she's mean, bitter and wont ever help you..
LONG LIVE MARTHA RANCOURT!!!!!
also read my rating for her on www.virtualratings.com its more extensive
to the prev. rater: i suggest you pay attention in lecture as well as read the text. 1/3 questions from each...the other 1/3 are random, educated guesses needed..not too hard to pull at least a B. curve is insane
this woman is out of her mind, during lecture she'll go on for an hour about her granddaughter and teach us NOTHING, come exam time, she pulls questions out of her ass about stuff she never ever taught, THANK GOD SHES RETIRING no one deserves such torture
if u dont get biology, DO NOT take this class with her! she should not be teaching a class designed for NON bio major people! she uses biological terms each class which arent in the book. (only bio people would know them) exams are HARD!!!!
Horrible teacher. Bitter, and takes it out primarily on students. She's retiring after this semester, that's good news for the future of Rutgers.
Bio soc and biomed issues is for you non-science major morons (she made fun of you guys in one of our lectures). Try taking her immunology class and see what you think. She is bloody f-ing brilliant, but yeah, she is insane. She expects too much.
Evil, despicable, rotten, obnoxious, rude, nasty.....avoid her. Puts people down, and rambles on insane tangents.
one of the worst professors at Rutgers, and we have LOTS of bad ones!!! I've never fallen asleep in a class, until of course I got to hers. Theonly topic she ever discusses is pita bread or Johnson and Johnson, STAY AWAY!
I disagree with the previous posters evaluation...you DO need to attend lecture as 1/4 of the test questions are from lecture only, however it is VERY hard to remain awake, especially when she teaches the friday 810 on douglass..take it on livingston
omg she is a ****
Evil Woman. Rambles about her personal opinions, and scolds the class when no one does well on the exams on the material she never teaches. Rude and abrasive. Don't waste your time in class. The curves compensate for her incompetance.
god awful..never EVER take martha rancourt's class. especially at 810 in the morn on DOUGLASS what a hassle. she never explains material, goes over slides too quickly, gives unfair tests and is very unapproachable and extremely nasty on the telephone.
STAY AWAY. I went to every class, took notes, paid attention, read the book, and was still mystified by the exams. She asks questions on the exams that come from nowhere. She is a HORRIBLE, crazy, worthless teacher.
dr. martha rancourt let me down. for a woman of her reputation i was expecting a challenging and interesting class.instead all if found were the backs of my eyelids and ridiculously hard tests on which material was pulled straight out of her crippled arse
Went to lecture 90% of time (Liv student 810 fri on Douglass) Did not cover complete chapter, pointless tangents on her life Tested you on detailed parts of chapter she did not cover No curve for the exams -- think someone in the class blew it
Immunologists should not teach "Baby Bio" because she thinks we know what the hell she's talkin about. Tests are ambiguous and ridiculous. Stop talking about your family and focus on the material.. but its not like ne thing she says is on the e
the teacher is not effective in anyway, she does not teach, her tests are ridiculous, even if u go to the lectures ur just as well off not attending, sometimes she can be really bitter, dont see how people can think shes funny...
i just took an exam with her and it was hell on earth. it was comprised of info that was NEVER discussed in class or in the text, and it made my head spin. i cant believe she has the audacity to conjure up such a ridiculous exam
she is mad! she is off topic and non-helpful. her lectures have nothing to do with what is on teh exam. there is no way to do well in her class otehr then self study. her tests are very hard and detailed, asking questions that appeared not in lectures or
AWFUL!!! her classes are BORING!!! do NOT take this class unless you have a wish for boredom and failure... she's mean too... i call her house for a question and she yells at me... i think she just expects everyone to know excactly what she knows... >.
She is the most boring person in the planet. I haven't stayed away through any of her classes and I sit in the front row. Do not take this class.
She just blathers on about stuff that has NOTHING to do with the material. When she is on-topic, it's literally reading directly from the book, contributing nothing. Need I add that this pos is at 8:10? If you need a science class, take Astronomy.
She is completely, utterly nuts. She talks more about the obese ****s on the farm where she used to live than about the subject, immunology. The tests are ridiculously detailed, and considering she covers about 0% of the material,they are near impossibl
yeah this was def the worst class i've taken here at rutgers. i dont think that she quiet realizes that shes supposed to be teaching, becuase she certainly doesn't do it. I got an A, and never went to class, the curve is great. but DONT GO TO HER LECTURES
If you ever thought that the sound of a human voice was not enough to drive someone insane, i've found the proof that it is. Rancourt dwells in my nightmares and embodies eveything evil in my life. I will forever hate biology.
if details about her sons and her lifetime accomplishments were on the exam, i'd probably get an A+. but it's not, so i try to kill myself everytime i'm in the class and wish for someone to throw a ninja-star at her face while she lectures
Wow, where do i start? Always off topic, never making any sense, and wild mood swings at the drop of a hat. Sound like fun? Wait, theres more! If I had to hear one more story about her children or her amazing accomplishments for mankind; INSAN
OH MY GOD!!!!this lady is the absolute worst and an absolute basket case.She is pshyco!! Her lectures don't even pertain to the class. Total Disappointment!!!
She was awful. I had to drop the class because I didn't know when the test was because she never told us!
a good reason for not letting older people teach. total nutcase. hoooooooooorrible. horrrible. if you are thinking about taking her class poke yourself in the eye five times and see if its fun cause thats about as good as the class is going to. hoooorible
HORRIBLE
SHE SUCKS
the only good thing about the class is the curve. don't attend the lectures, its not worth hearing her horrible stories.
horrible
She is so boring and often digresses during lectures.
Godawful teacher!
The biggest red flag for me was that she wrote a book and then assigned it as required reading for the course. This is completely unethical. Secondly, she takes an extremely interesting subject and makes it so boring you want to fall asleep. If you don't attend class you WILL get a warning grade. Answer her test questions how she would, and pass.
Corporate overlord. She may act as if she knows what she is doing, but she doesn't. She has fired the professors who know how to teach, so she can bore us all to death. To her, research is all that matters. Her career is all that matters. The university is there for the corporations and the police state, not for the students.
Humphries is very dry and boring. The material is very interesting but she makes me want to go to sleep in class. The books are boring and the tests are hard. Her grading methods are god awful and I think she wants people to fail. The most boring professor I have ever had. Avoid her!
THE SCORE SPEAKS FOR ITSELF.
Terrible inst. Horrible advisor. Illustrates just how those in the academic world have absolutly no idea of the real world. Supports cop killer Trantino. Look it up at njlawman.com
She is condescending, arrogant, tries to humiliate students, can not do websites or even spell adequately! "What is an examople of violence?" Look in the mirror, lady! This woman should NOT be teaching because her "teaching" style is not conducive to learning! Avoid her at all costs!!!!!
Terrible as an advisor, equally as bad as an instructor. Hates males
She was unprepared many times, was very unclear in her teachings, gives very terrible notes, and very difficult to understand what she wants in her requests. Test were difficult to understand as well
her idea of a lecture is reading off powerpoint slides for an hour and a half-most boring event in the world, grades homework ridiculously harshly, required to take her for the criminal justice master's program (which is awesome besides her). honestly, she ruined the master's program for me, she seems to take joy in seeing students do poorly.
If your goal is to protect the 1% & destroy the life of anyone who shows potential for dissent or creative thinking, this is the petty bureaucrat you want as a professor. She's preparing you to be a corporate peon, a cop who beats up protesters, or a person who uses others to climb the corporate ladder. She is a cautionary tale, not an inspiration.
Google passive-aggressive. Her picture is right next to the term. She is there for status and her research, rather than for students. Good for business, bad for education.
She is very boring at times, she teaches partly from book using PowerPoint. She gives a lot of extra readings which are not covered in class but are part of exams. Her exams sucks most of the material on the exam are NOT covered in class. She is not friendly nor helpful, very self centered. Avoid
The attitude from this prof is appalling, she cares only about herself and her research. She flat out refused to help out students because it would take away from her personal time. Don't take her unless you have to. A #1 loser. Gives Rutgers a bad rep.
Teacher sucks. She takes her job way too seriously and thinks that she is actually a part of the Crim Justice system. I would recommend staying far away from this teacher, and her class.
Probably the worst class I've taken so far. The class is unbelievably boring. Too many powerpoints. She gives way too many tests and online quizzes, and it is hard to keep track of all of them and when they are do. I wouldn't recommend her to anyone.
Teacher was not helpful at all! Has no passion for teaching. Subject material interesting, but teacher turns you off to it. Has the potential to belittle students that ask questions that she finds easy to her. She doesn't teach upper level CJ classes so don't get discouraged.
The worst professor at this school. Grading is subjective and varies student to student (she has favorites). She just reads her lectures off power points for $1000 a credit she needs to do more. She is outdated and sucks on cough drops all class. You learn more from the books than her class. Dropped a concentration to avoid taken her class again.
Boring!!!! Do not take her if you can help it. Sometimes slightly hard to understand. No real use for the text book because she gives you the notes. In class we stare at an overhead full of notes we already have. No class involvment. ever. ugh
Very boring, aweful class, although nice lady. 5 exams for one semester.
Quite possibly the worst teacher here at AC. Very unhelpful and unclear of what she wants. No office hours, and she wont stay late to meet with you. U cant read the comments on ur papers when u get them back. Horrible teacher. If ur smart, u wont take the class.
very unhelpful, plays favorites, and so boring
This is guy is rude and uptight. Even if you put effort into a paper and try he still gives 0. Like why would someone do that. Its not my fault his life miserable so he takes it on his student.
Dont take his class.
Professor Cohen is one of the hardest teachers you will meet if he doesnt like you. First off, he has favorites!! For an example you could let a classmate copy a worksheet from you and if he liked him he would get a higher grade. He also is the hardest grader for papers,expect to recieve at least a C on every paper you write. dont get him!
The online class I took with Mike Light was a joke. He didn't do one lecture of his own. There was no communication between classmates or even between him and the students. He basically just dumped the content online at the beginning of the semester, and we were expected to guess what exactly he was looking for. He did the bare minimum.
He was extremely unprofessional, didn't respond to any of my emails until almost two weeks later. Also wouldn't work with me when I had technology issues, the class was online. He did the bare minimum for class work and relied heavily on what the book offered. Would not recommend Professor Light at all.
Possibly my worst experience as a student to date. The point of a professor is to teach, but professor Light did not teach anything. "Grader" is a better descriptor here. Not one lecture of his own was posted during the entire semester. The class consisted of reading the book and answering the 5-ish included essay questions per chapter. Not for me.
Dont take this class. I read the book, studied hard, turned in all homework, and barely eeked out a B. He has arbitrary grading that does not depend on what you read or study. Exams are essay format but he severely limits your time. Then he grades incredibly tough and asks for plenty of sources. It makes no sense. Terrible professor.
The professor doesn't seem to grade papers. He seems to look over them haphazardly and give a grade somewhere within a certain range based on response length. He made the students create every assignment rather than give one to them. He had glowing reviews before the switch to online learning so maybe just don't take his class until its in person.
Possibly the worst teacher at GRCC. "Larry" will only have you do assignments from the textbook and will not teach a single thing over the course so if you expect someone to actually teach you look elsewhere. Don't even get me started on Mike's 3 essay exam system.
I am a true history buff (and history major) with an extensive knowledge of the time period covered in this class, and I would still not recommend taking this class with this professor. There are absolutely no clear expectations, it is way too much work, even for a 7 week course, AND you can CLEP test out of it. Take the CLEP and save yourself.
Would not recommend to anyone! This class was set up into Units, each unit having HW and Exam for a grade. Unit Grades wouldn't be put into the grade book until the week before the next unit exam, 3 weeks later! By then all your homework is done for the next unit and you are just receiving feedback from the last one! TERRIBLE and SO FRUSTRATING! :(
This class is such an important course and it's unfortunate this man is allowed to "instruct" it. No participation from prof or respose to emails. Course is self guided. Read intense text. Watch his uploaded youtube prompts which may or may not connect to material, answer essay questions. Repeat. GRCC has really let it's standards slide.
Course opened last minute, I spent 3 days trying to understand his syllabus. Instructions were not clear, online book is confusing, and Bb was not set up correctly. I've taken several online classes and this one was a hot mess! Didn't seem to make sense. The amt of work for an online class seemed insane and on your own. I dropped on day 4.
Very vague syllabus, several key elements such as which chapters a unit covers are incorrect and left uncorrected, both on syllabus and BB. Decided to change the due date of the final on the las week and only sent an email, no announcement on BB. Only graded 2 assignments and an exam all semester, last 9 grades came in day before final grades due.
Only responded to half of my emails, and then only to half of the content of the email. Unclear grading criteria, no feedback on either homework or test submissions even when feedback has been requested. Failed to "teach" anything. Class involved reading the book, answering questions from book, and watching 2 movies from a list in text.
Very poor in every aspect. Very slow to respond if he ever does. Good subjects but you never hear from the teacher. Read the pages, take the test. Not an enjoyable environment. A lot of "less than really important" facts to memorize for a test, but little to allow you to discuss with others. Boring. Unhelpful.
He obviously doesn't care about his online classes. He never responds to emails or phone calls. His online class is like not even having a professor because you can't contact him. His mentality for his online classes is: "Here's all the assignments. Good luck." Also, the Cengage program that he uses is terrible.
His online classes are terrible. The man does not respond to emails, and when he does they are short and don't answer what you asked. The setup on Blackboard is poor (why do you need to look at 140+ posts to find the newest two?). Exams aren't terrible.
Mike Light seems like an interesting guy on the online lectures. However, DO NOT TAKE HIS ONLINE CLASS! I took a seven week class during the summer for him, and I still have yet to encounter a more difficult or frustrating class. He didn't even give me full credit for my discussion board postings! Who does that????
Whatever you do, do not take his online course. I followed all his directions for the first week of assignments, and received a grade I did not expect. When I emailed him to ask what it was that I could improve on, his answer was he does not give perfect grades and failed to tell me the reason for my grade. No room for improvement.
Avoid. Avoid. Avoid. Course material was very disorganized. Way too much work. I felt like I was in a 9 credit grad class. Its history... online... shouldn't be a full time job.
Worst online class toe ever take because of him. He does not respond to emails and assigns ridiculous amounts of work with little to no response on grading.
Not a good professor at all. I would not recommend.
Ridiculously hard and expecting everyone to know everything about History. Takes forever to grade and is not very helpful. Takes forever to respond to anything. I am normally a grade A student but he expects so much from everyone. AWFUL.
This is by far the worst class I have ever taken. All instructions are incredibly unclear and confusing. I would NOT recommend this teacher. I'm a straight-A student and I currently have a C because I had no idea what to do for assignments and he didn't give us grades until halfway through the semester. Awful teacher, just awful.
I had him for online classes. He would put grades in last minuite (like the rest of the GRCC teachers) and he would take forever to respond to a question. He would never tell you why he marked points off on an assignment.
DO NOT TAKE ONLINE COURSE. This professor is the worst. He is not helpful and takes forever to grade & reply to emails. Assignments take forever and you have to post on discussion board a ton. Worst professor adn class I have taken at GRCC. DO NOT TAKE!!!!!!!
This is a 7 week online class. He assigns entirely too much work. There is no feedback from tests. His grading is very hard to understand. The online discussions get out of hand. One person dominates the discussions because she has a degree in education and her husband teaches. He needs to monitor the discussion board more.
Never responds to emails and doesnt offer any advice or suggestions when you ask questions. Will not give you full credit on anything regardless if you go above and beyond. Doesn't give any feedback on papers or test either.
I agree with others who have rated Prof. Light; his lectures are great. However, be prepared to do a rediculous amount of busywork. Every exam is an essay, along with 30 pages of document studies and a website review. This would not be as bad if the writing helped in learning the material. It doesn't, though, so take another prof.
he is ok
I feel that he places his opinions on others, and that he is unfair in those.
The COM major requires 2 semesters of journalism, which is already overkill. 1 semester of writing simple stories is enough. On top of that he pushes for the students to take another year of it afterwards. 4 semesters in total. Youre job is to work on the outdated and never-read and newspaper. Hes focused more on politics rather than journ. skill
Redundant... likes to hear himself talk.. Gives a ton of busy work, for .5 credit courses. Communication Major chair.. stuck with him..
Made me hate my major; discouraging unless you plan on working for Catholic Relief Services your entire life. Your newspaper sucks--it has spelling errors. ACP awards mean nothing in a category of newspapers that come out weekly. The social justice stories get old, and people are tired of reading the same stuff, different paper.
Drop dead sexy
Worst teacher ever... period.
The is mean. She isnt helpful at all.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROF. It is impossible to get even close to an A on any exams or labs. She does not consider that you know the material it feels more like an English class. If you can chose, chose someone else.
DO NOT take this class. Elaine is the hardest grader I have ever had. When you ask questions she will answer them in a very rude tone and make you feel stupid. If you can't memorize word for word what she writes your answer will be wrong. Terrible teacher, will never take her again.
DO NOT take this professor if you care about your grades GPA or sanity. Mrs. Kampmueller is THE worst prof I have ever had which is saying a lot. For a lab we did we got all of our answers wrong because they were not in her words. Therefore the next lab we completed we wrote our answers DIRECTLY from the notes and still got them wrong.
I would not recommend this class/prof to anyone! She has more lecture time than labs. NOT A HANDS ON CLASS. During her lectures she seems to go way off topic. It is impossible to get 100% on any of the tests. She is very anal on how detailed your answers are on both the labs and tests. Forgot to grade labs.. Awful professor.
Kampmueller is very biased. She either likes you or she doesn't. Your grade's determined by that bias. Only take her if you like to gamble with your grade point.
RUN!!!!!!! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!!!!!!!!!
DONT' TAKE THIS CLASS, ITS STUPID AND SHE DOESNT' HELP U.
she just sucks is all i have to say.
Great person, not the best teacher. Course has little structure, Dr. Wallace is very disorganized. Very difficult to understand her instructions or keep up with lessons. Must rely heavily on textbook.
Consuelo is an overall nice person...but that doesn't make her a good teacher. There is no way that you can fail her course..but you will also pretty much be on your own to learn something. I would consider MVC or one other the surrounding colleges or see if DBU revamps it's Spanish department before taking Consuelo..other wise you're wasting time.
Consuelo is the absolute worst teacher I have ever had. She plays favorites and is pretty much an idiot!
Consuelo needs to change her name to Jeckle and Hyde. Tuesday and Thursday she could be as different as night and day. Very moody and emotional and takes criticism from others out on pretty much everybody. If someone complains, be prepared for some extra homework. NEWSFLASH, tests are now the way to go...just get ready for them...Rodriguez!
this lady cant even speak english, how is she gonna teach people whos language is english if she cant even speak it herself???
Nice lady....terrible teacher....I beleive to teach you need the gift of teaching....to be able to explain things, not just be native in a language!
Is nice, but not an effective teacher. if you want an easy grade, I recommend her, but if you want to learn spanish, don't take this class.
Kahn is absolutely the worst teacher I have ever had. I am a straight A student. I study hard and i get my work done. I have good memorization and ask a lot of questions in which she never can answer. She has no review on any of her tests which cover 120 pages of pure reading in the textbook, And shes physically incapable of detecting any emotion
She straight up told me that my 3.0 GPA was bad. As if having 2 jobs and going to school wasn't stressful enough. Then she told me that I was unorganized and that you have to be really organized to be an SLP. So.. it's like every other major? Thanks, Sherlock. She has her favorites and if you're not one of them, have fun.
She is extremely rude and unhelpful. She doesnt relate to the students and she made me feel like I had to switch majors. My advice is to not have her as your advisor and if you have a class with her, do the work and try not to stay out of her way.
After realizing she would be teaching most of my classes I changed majors. She is super unorganized and unprofessional. She just says the same thing over ang over again in different ways ... if your a CD major there is no way around having her though ...
DO NOT TAKE THIS SEQUENCE!!! The class is horrible, and Professor Webster seems to top it off. He doesn't use Blackboard so you have no grade all semester until he puts in your final grade, which cannot be changed after that. His syllabus doesn't equate to the average grade. Only good thing about the man is he allows rewrites.
I didn't learn anything. All we did was read and got two small tests the whole semester over the short stories and poems we read. Just understand the readings he brings up in class and you'll be fine. He never grades things on time. We turned in a paper a month before the last class period and he still hadn't graded them. He is also very boring.
Professor Webster takes a boring subject and makes it even worse. He rambles on and on and on, not teaching you a single thing. He grades essays hard. His exams are complete BS (quote identification- aka the hardest thing ever). The only good thing about his class was that you barely had to do the reading because he would forget to talk about them.
He constantly gets off topic and makes no sense. There are writing assignments in each class that you get to work with a group on, that is the only way he keeps tabs on attendance. The quizzes and exams were open note, but were still more in depth then he told us they would be.
definitely would not recommend this class or this prof to anyone
He has a tendency to ramble in class about nothing. It is very hard to find out what he wants in a paper even though you follow the instructions on the handout, that still won't get you anywhere. He is a very unnecessary tough grader. I would not take him. Bad experience.
Very disorganized- rambles and never gets to the point. He always wants you to dig deeper, but ALWAYS interupts you when you try so that he can explain what he thinks of the book.
Extremely disorganized, Talks in circles, Goes on random tangents, I went to his office hours to have him look over a paper and he said i had some minor issues which I fixed before turning it in and when I got the paper back a MONTH later you would have thought that I wrote it in red ink, Avoid at ALL costs
Worst professor I’ve had at GV. He is unorganized and you never know what he expects. If you talk to him during office hours he just goes in circles. Extremely pointless class. Boring…
Webster is one of the worst profs I've had at GV. His lectures were all over the place and basically it was like he stood in front of the class and talked to himself. Class was boring as could be. Good thing was only 2 short papers and a really easy presentation
lectures are off topic, very round about speech. he is smart but i do not like his teaching style, just lectures nothing hands on at all, confusing lectures think back over them and nothing useful was said. 2 weeks to get a paper back. grades were never posted
Doesn't really know anything about the topic; constantly asking other professor to back him up. Only take this class if the other professor is exemplary in the subject.
VERY scatterbrained!He would have discussions with himself right in front of class. He would ramble on about one topic then have a discussion with himself then say no we won't get into that, pause, then start talking about a topic he began fifteen minutes ago! Very boring. Waste of time. I would try Soljan. I had him for ENG 220, and he was okay.
class is boring, he is boring to listen to, you need to know everything about 4 books for tests including everyones names. class was very boring dont take.
So liberal, he just wants to read papers about his ideas, tough grader
He is awful and very boring, be ready to count down the minutes until its over
Worst teacher I ever had. He made me feel like I was stupid.
Nice guy, but wastes so much time with mindless activities.
awfullllll prof
If you have a lot of time on your hands this class is for you. Deadlines are very important if you miss it, its a zero. She does not accept missing or late work. Instructions for assignments and essays are way too long and more complicated than needed.
I understand that this is a college level course, but I had more homework due in one day than I did in one week for all of my other classes combined. She does not grade assignments in a timely manner, so you won't ever know your full grade until the end. Her assignments are unnecessarily tedious and repetitive. Don't take her class.
She does not grade throughout the semester which is hard for you to know if your doing well or not. She is condescending in her videos and very sarcastic when you email her a question. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS! WORST TEACHER EVER.
First year in college and so far shes the worst professor ive had! Shes so unorganized and doesn't explain things at all! She also is very sarcastic when responding back to questions. Multiple times shes tried to accuse me of not turning in assignments even after she would send them back to me corrected. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND AVOIDING TAKING HER CLASS
She was a really hard grader. Very confusing directions, uses unnecessary materials like 8 different highlighting colors and post it notes. You have to have a white binder. Overall I did not like her way of teaching.
WORST TEACHER EVER!!!!
Please do not take her class I'm a veys smart student and she do not help with anything her students grade her papaers. She has a binder with you work and you have to figure out what you grade is for the class.
Absolutely Terrible professor.
Worst proffessor i have ever taken. Do not take her she is very controlling and not very helpful at all. She makes sarcastic jokes when you ask her questions.
Terrible teacher! Waste of time, money & loads paper! Going to this woman's class made my whole day crap. Don't take any class by her. If your not an older black woman don't expect any favors when it comes to turning things in late.
Teachers like this will make you want to drop out. Belittles students in from of the whole class. Incredible amount of homework. No matter how good your work is, its never good enough.
please think twice before taking her classes!! She really messes with your confidence.
Not cool with me.
OH MY GOD, DO NOT TAKE THIS LADY AT ALL!!! SHE IS TRULY REDICULOUS AND HER WORK LOAD IS WAY TOO MUCH FOR EN100. ALL HER ASSIGNMENT INSTRUCTIONS ARE PHAMPLETS OF AT LEAST 50 PAGES OF INSTRUCTIONS. "CRAZY" AND THE NOVELS SHE CHOOSES ARE EXTREMELY BORING AND CONFUSING!TRUST ME AVOID THIS LADY PLEASE. SHE GRADES TOTALLY UNFAIR. SHE NEEDS A PERM & A MAN
she was the worst teacher i ever had. she didnt help with anything. she made the students grade the other students papers. she didnt explain the assignments and she gave so much to do that you wont have any time for anything else. RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!!!
Treats students with little or no respect. NEVER gives help even when it is asked for. Very unfair grader. never edits papers until you turn in the final draft and by then its to late.it discusts me that my tution is paying her salery
She is horrible, she is very picky, and feels the need to put people down in her class, and is unwilling to help students with their cofussion.
This woman is insane. I hated the class. She teaches at a third grade level. The class is so boring, I did not learn one thing. She looks more for format, than if you actually have skills in English. Don't waste your money be taking her class.
A teacher that has a lot of time and work to give you. An need someone to hit that from the back so she won't give that much work!
i spent the first day in her class last year, worst first class EVER! she made us write a paper about nonsense and it looked like she was going to make me do a ton of work
The hands down worst teacher that I've ever had. She was unclear and rude...And this is comming from someone who recieved a B in her class!
had LONG breaks then ran late every class. she was never in the room! very unorganized, had to go to her office 2 or even 3 times a night.
not good not good not good, dont waste your money
If your unlucky enough to draw her class run like hell to get a drop slip, drop
I go to this class to go to sleep. occasionally, i'll stay up to jot down some notes, then its back to sleep for me. If u have a labtop, make sure you bring it so u can browse facebook/myspace till class is over.
Her class is boring. All you do is take notes, there no teacher-stundent interacting whatsoever.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS FOR YOUR OWN SAFETY. ONLY COME IF YOU NEED 2 CATCH UP ON SLEEP OR HOMEWORK FOR AN COURSE OTHER THAN THIS ONE.
Too boring for 7:45 AM....tests make no sense and she's always late. Don't try getting up to use the restroom. She'll lock you out and yell at you after class.
She rambles the whole entire hour, but with good intentions. Her test questions never match the study guide or lectures. You cant use the bathroom or get a during during her class eithor.
Half the things on her test she doesnt cover. I often find myself unintentionally drifting off. Her whole class is notes.
Worst Teacher Ever.
Even if you follow her study guide and read the material her tests involve more than what you can learn from the materials given.
Mapes...What can I say other than a total waste of my time and money. Her teaching style is older than she is. 90% of students learn visually not orally, she lectures for the entire class and writes 2 words on the board all day. She always arrives to class 5-10 min late but expects us there on time.
She is very monotonal, clueless that the bookstore doesn't have the book that we need and doesn't do much about it. Never responds to emails when you need a question answered. All of her tests are True/False and essay. So if you bad a T&F don't take her class. Take Mike Light instead.
Boring and unclear on what she wants on tests.
ZZZZZzzzzzzz............I caught up on a lot of missed sleep in this chicks class. Thanks Mapes
Mapes is a very monotonal, boring, unorganized teacher. She knows what she's talking about but does not stay on track. At this point in the semester, 2 weeks from the end, we should be covering World War 2, and we haven't even gotten into World War 1..take this class with a professor other than her
liberal, coffee and cigarette type
Boring, very opinionated on religous issues. Does not let you get a word in at all. Not open minded at all, she is a liberalist. Avoid.
freak, she is so unorganized and goes from the 1800 russia to 1600 england and tries to blend them together. knows her stuff, but not how to teach it. run forrest run
Booorrriiinnngggg. Lecture has little to do with text, T/F tests tricky questions. Appears uninterested, does not return calls or e-mails. Avoid. Avoid.
She is boring. She likes to talk, but not directly toward her students. She has no idea who you are when you enter her class or when you exit it.
if you want to sleep and learn nothing this is the class for you
I'm a law student now, she is one of the worst professors I had. She doesn't know her stuff, but likes to think she does.
I graduated college almost 10 years ago and she is the worst prof I have everhad
Her test suck & her study guides have nothing to do with her test.
would have given her all zeros if i could
Do not. Do not take this professor online. Absolutely horrible. I am not a history major and don't intend to be one. She makes you take 2 quizzes and write 2 discussion board post every week. She also makes you feel like an idiot if you interpret something the "wrong way" and she gives you an f on an assignment for it. Don't take online!!!!!!!
261 is American History Since 1865. Hoffman teaches it like 6th grade history. She's not intelligent whatsoever, she dumbs down even the easiest things, and she never actually makes a point about any important time in that history. If you want to actually learn about this topic take a different professor. Her "exams" are 3rd grade level essays.
The prof was very knowledgeable and enthusiastic. However, she was a very tough grader, never responded to my emails. Also, she expects you to read a ridiculous amount every other night. If you want a good grade, and a teacher that will work with you to achieve it, do not take this professor. Terrible prof
I had to add my opinion. She may know her material but she is cold and unfeeling. She is not at all interested in undergrads and doesn't even take the time to learn student's names - even if you meet with her outside of class. Avoid her unless you want a professor who just doesn't think you matter.
terrible
I found his class very boreing he seemed to hate what he was doing,therefore making it difficult for us to get interested.With papers he only cared about pg.length, our minimum page countwas 7!And that was with basic stupid topics, not with research papers!maybe because we had him in his 1st semester and in the morning he wasnt at his best. good lu
THE WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD - DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS OR THIS TEACHER, HE HAS FAVORITES TO NO END AND HE GRADES SO INCONSISTENTLY IT ISNT EVEN FUNNY.
Super super lazy, all his posts on blackboard say "uploaded 8 years ago" I had a problem submitting a paper and emailed him, by the time he responded it was past the deadline and he wouldnt help me or allow me to submit because "its now past the deadline and I dont allow late work" So boring, you dont even learn anything its just reading and typing
This professor doesn't teach. If you are good at teaching yourself thing then he's perfect for you. The article review is worth as much as the exam and it doesn't make any sense. Don't study your notes for the tests, but do the practice tests. Your notes don't benefit you at all. Also, he doesn't post any announcements on blackboard.
He was rude from the beginning and he was rude till the end. He gave me zeros for assignments that I did. The article review makes no sense because I turned the same paper in for a different class and got 100% in the other class and he gave me a 0/100??? dropped my grade 10 points. I email him and ask him to check everything now before I turn it in
If you want a professor who will grade your papers, and not communicate anything else to you about why you didn't get a better grade, he's the one! He will grade your papers as if you have already passed his class, and instead of teaching you and communicating where you are lacking, he will simply do the bare min. Grade you and move on to the next.
enjoyable stories, great guy, not so great of a teacher. 0% helpful, real particular about formats, etc., and quite anal-retentive. could definitely be making more of an effort to be more receptive to and available for students who need help. take class w/ someone else if possible.
can never find him, doesn't give straight answers.
Hard to believe the Adm doesn't stop or fire this guy! He's particularly brutal to anyone weak, different, opposing views, get ready to be hitt on girls! Opinions way out there- doesn't show empathy, tolerance. You think yr up for it, do you WANT ABUSE OR MILITARISTIC TYPE TEACHER? Dont listen to ditzy women "shizzy my nizzy!" Respect yrslf + run!
Huge disappointmt, listen to the negative, any positive comments are from favorites. You never can tell how to get on good side. Rediculous w/punctuality-drill sgt type. Doesn't use text, creates busywork. Subjective grading on big papers-no way to tell how to get A. I usually get A's & got B+ and I kicked in high gear! DROP STAY AWAY Or Regret!
Don't listen to any of the nice comments-seriously, you'll regret it if you do. Movies r totally inappropriate. Teaches by example emotional abuse. You think you can appease that type?, you need to look at why! Sad what he does to weak students-breaks yr heart/theirs. Humiliates, degrades, no kindness unless you hv the 7/10 curves!
A Marine Interrogator at Guantanamo has better communication skills than Garbowitz! His stmts **** (yes, harrassing), rude/obnoxious attitudes esp toward minority students & women(several dropped)or must hv emotional abuse scars if stay. Never ref the book (which is quite interesting). Unprof with homewk handed in. WORST PROF EVER! R-U-N!!
NOT EVEN HELPFULL
really don't need to say anything else i think everyone else already knows
Lots of useless busywork!!!
Seems okay at first and then after the drop date you find out how hard it is. He shows almost pron movies, they are very nasty, there are movies that really have nothing to with class and you have to keep a journal about someone who you are close with, and if you disagree with him look out. I normally get A's and ended with a B
BORING!!! He yells all the time too..and the shades are pulled shut :( He's mean and loud.
Beware, final paper is worth half of your total grade in Interpersonal communucation class. The first words out of his mouth were "I'm only teaching this Summer because my son is getting married" (and I need the money)?
this guy favors and grades unfairly! doesnt matter how hard you work you cant get an A in the end. hes always right, you cant argue. you watch these nasty softporn-type movies that have nothing to do with the class. waste of my time and money!
oh my god!! this guy is a nut. (damn skippy) he swears, he's always right, and all you do is write notes watch movies that dont relate to the class, and get hit on if your a girl. I reccomend a different teacher that is more specific on their assignments, and that is like 70 years younger
THIS GUY IS A JOKE!!!! If I didn't have to keep my comments clean, your eyes would be hurting from reading all of the profanity. Let's see. If you don't share his opinion, you're wrong and stupid, and he let's you know that. You watch these sick movies that have nothing to do with the class. Seriously, do yourself a favor and don't take him.
He is a jerk! Would not give me my final even though I had surgery and had everything turned in for him early. Told me to get it from someone else in the class. Hello..If I had surgery how am I in contact with classmates being laid up in bed?! Don't take him he is horrible!
He does not know how to explain his self very well. When he gives you an assignment make sure that you have him explain it more.
He sucks! He gets in your face and spits on you. Wears horrible ties and suspenders. I had a B+ going for me in the class - but it was my 1st year 1st semester at GRCC and got stuck in parking lines - ended up with a D for tardiness. Jerk!
Funny guy. If you want a teacher that tells it straight go his way.
This guy is a horrible teacher. Needs to retire ASAP. Do not take Interpersonal Communication with him.
IF POSSIBLE GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN!
Worst prof ever - knows your grade before you start. Very unprofessional and should have retired years ago
Funny as hell...also grades really harsh...no too much homework though.
Teaches comm. like he learned it in the 50's
my dad had a heart attack and he didn't let me turn in the final paper late
rude, acts superior, always late, mean, degrades people, & spits when he talks
Doesn't care about students, refuses to answer, and just an AWFUL experience Please avoid online with this woman
One of the worst professors I've ever had. The material on the test wasn't from the text. Her questions were worded tricky. I spent 8 hours studying for her tests and making study guides and I could not receive higher than a C+ on her tests. She also called us lazy and unmotivated students and said we made her feel like she should retire. Rude.
Ms. Jankowski was a difficult professor to have, while some of her tangents are interesting and imformative, they are prominant. Does not teach out of textbook, and tests are difficult because of this. If you end up being one of the few guys in her class [mostly dev. psy.] you seem to get the shorter stick. I'd recommend other psy professors
Her teaching skills are horrendous. She was always going off topic. Very unorganized. The textbook was EXPENSIVE and rarely used. She was judgemental and rude to those in class with strong personalities.
she didn't do any teaching, she had us do projects but never did anything from the book which is what was on our test. it was the most boring class i've ever taken
She is a total space cadet...has no clue what she is doing half the time...her class is full of busy work and lecture...she says she understands different learning styles...but doesn't not put that into action....Her test are straight from the book and she doesn't even know the answers too...
Run and don't look back. Crazy woman is still in high school! Wants to treat you like you are in thrid grade!
He is very into helping the students who know exactly what they are doing, but watch out if you have any questions. He makes you feel stupid and small for asking him, the master of photography, a question. He makes you feel like you are an inconvenience if you need help with something he thinks you should know. Well isnt that why im paying him?
What I'd like to say can't be published at this time.
He goes very fast during lectures and doesn't like to stop to help anyone. He told our class that attendance was not mandatory, but he got mad when a couple people didn't show up to class for one day. He told them that he wasn't going to help them with any homework. Since it's all online you always have homework and don't retain any of it. -1/10
took him for calc 2, he turned his back to the chalk board and wrote fast and skipped steps, leaving you not knowing how he got to the solution
Dana most laziest teacher ever at GRCC. This dude will literally finish a class objective in like less than 15 mins. He just flys through every question thinking students understand perfect. Hell usually just zone out for 5 mins and do the problem without saying a single word and at the end say yall get it. Easy A though but dont take this guy
He is rude and sarcastic. He has favorites. Just call him out on his rudeness and he will change.
Has Favorites. NOT a good PROF!!!
I hated this class. Not helpful. Teacher is sarcastic and laughs at dumb stuff, and doesnt teach well. I recommend saving this class for taking it when you transfer out of cc.
i hated this class!!! I loved math before taking this class; in fact, it was to be my major. Now I hate math so much that I have changed my major completely. Wasn't helpful at all, course was difficult to understand. take a different teacher if you have to take this course!!!!!!!!!!!
very sarcastic towards students. dont miss a day he will let you hear about it for the rest of the year. also doesnt help students who need help the most, seems to get very annoyed
Doesn't accept late work. Extremely condescending. Looks for reasons to take points off of assignments. Class ran late everyday, prof waits until after the end of class to explain assignments. Doesn't return assignments in a timely manner, sometimes up to 6 weeks to get feedback. Doesn't come prepared.
Scott gives metric tonnes of busy work and the grading system is very well laid out although not followed well. After having missed 3 classes and 3 zoom calls (during corona after having verified that I have no device that functions with zoom) I received a 68% for attendance. Class is a waste of time. A lot of giving speeches, no actual learning.
hated her teaching style, reminds me of high school. she talks bad about students who are not there to the whole class. never had a professor that takes points away for using the bathroom. very strict with attendance, but yet showed up 15 minutes to our final exam. very ignorant about other cultures. wouldnt take her class ever again.
if u miss class you miss like up to 50 points and u cant make it up. wants you to talk to your classmates and if you're not comfortable, you lose points. If u come late, u cant take the quiz. don't buy the book, just google what u need and u should be fine. id stay away SHE POINTS AWAY IF YOU LEAVE TO USE THE BATHROOM... can some1 say unethical?
Disrespectful to students
Very rude. Disrespectful. And always negative feedback
I hate to say but I did not connect with her at all.I asked her but she pretend to listen. She is always on the go and I had the felling she has no time to talk.
all of you looking for the easiest A of your life, look no further! he was so easy, no note taking, only have to do like 1 paper a "month" and he reads the reading assignemtns in class. he gets so off topic so quickly it's just funny! he basically talked about Iraq the whole semester. don't expect to learn anything, just expect an easy A.
If you like to go to English to learn History... this is the teacher for you. He definitely needs to quit teaching.
You knew she was going to start yelling, but you just didn't know when. Halfway through the semester, she started getting really annoyed with my class about not asking her questions, and instead asking other students questions. If only she realized that we weren't asking her questions because we didn't want to deal with her passive aggro. attitude.
She is not clear about grading and she is extremely ADHD. She does not do a good job of staying focused on one unit. When she grades she changes the way she grades without telling her students. If you think shes doing a question wrong, QUESTION HER
Bethany is not a helpful or fair teacher. She doesn't answer questions and her grading makes no sense. Don't take her class.
Bethany is not clear about expectations from day one. She does mastery grading, so you will never really know what your grade is in the class. She doesn't seem to care about her students or her students' success. I would not recommend taking this class.
Professor Welling is extremely unorganized with how she sets up homework. You have multiple assignments due weekly along with a pre class before every class. Her "checkpoints" are confusing and if you do not turn them into her and online you get no credit. She does not care if something happened or it fell through. DO NOT take this professor.
personally did not do well in this class, the explanations over class assignments were just not it. she didnt do a very good job explaining and just expected you to know things. Also not very understanding..
She was a very sassy professor who was a very messy teacher. The things we did in class never made sense and never helped me understand things. The homework online is hard and not related to the class work and she often enter things wrong and has to fix it. Get a tutor and go to the mat center and you can learn it better on your own. & YouTube vids
She is terrible, I read that she was a great prof so I took her class but all I have experienced is no teaching in class and lots of homework outside class. She will sign three or four things at the same time and make many mistakes on the homework she is assigning. She also makes mistakes on tests. She also talks very slow-making it hard to focus.
AVOID THIS PROFESSOR AT ALL COSTS. I took this class after taking advanced math all throughout high school hoping it would just be a refresher and now I'm failing. Welling does not give notes, doesn't give real assignments, and expects you to know everything for tests despite not teaching. Impossible grader. Only online quizzes and homework.
Worst professor I have ever had. Extremely unclear about directions, often makes mistakes on assignments and while discussing material in class. Does not teach, assigns students to watch and learn from youtube videos she doesn't even make, and expects you to know it when you get to class. Please AVOID
I wouldn't advised anyone to take Professor Welling. She does not teach you any material, instead you watch videos of other people doing the topics on YouTube and do word documents as "notes" that are very unhelpful. She usually makes mistakes when she does explain things and will try to correct herself. Test are hard because she did not teach it.
This professor expects you to do busy work and if you talk about anything not math related she will make rude comments and roll her eyes. makes a lot of mistakes on reviews and tells you the mistakes are the right way for the exam. On exams she makes you justify everything and if you don't she marks you down a ton of points.
Very nice professor, but I HIGHLY do not recommend. Unorganized, makes mistakes in her assignments and instructions, and expects you to know material and spends no time in class teaching any of it, please avoid.
I did not like the way she taught. She is a nice lady but she would always contradict herself. I had to correct her multiple times and I'm not that smart. It was so confusing and she would literally teach us how to do problems incorrectly and then attempt to fix them, but end up having to start over. Don't do it.
This instructor is very frustrating! She will hand you worksheets, and say "okay figure out how to do it", and she expects you to use trial, and error which is a horrible method for learning math. She also will show you the WRONG way to do thing, and not tell you that until after the fact. If you take her get used to teaching yourself the material.
Awful awful awful professor. Always complains about all the classes she takes. She is very dull. Its a good thing I already knew everything she was teaching because I wouldn't have learned a thing from her.
Nice person, AWFUL Prof. Her teaching style for math is horrific and useless. She is taking other college classes right now and complains about it constantly. WOULD NOT RECOMEND.
Welling was not a good teacher especially if you are not particularly good at math.I had to get a tutor just because she did not explain anything clear and it was better to be one on one with someone who actually can teach the material. I wouldn't recommend her.
She didnt teach anything, but rather did an easy problem on the board and expected us to know how to do it, or something similar but much harder. She didn't know how to explain things in simpler terms, and for that matter didn't explain much anyway. I recomend a different professor if you want a good grade
She's awful at explaining things. Everyone is always confused about what she's talking about - she's always going off on tangents and is semi-crazy. She's a really easy teacher though, sometimes the questions on her tests won't make sense though. overall she's easy but very weird.
Makes you kinda wanna kill yourself. Annoying to listen to, vague... backtracks when speaking. Stay away!
Worst teaching on the planet earth!! She never wants to help you. If You have to take this class wit her just drop it and save your time.
The entire class is easy...but she is very confusing. Plan on teaching yourself, she talks so soft you can hardly hear her and she rambles on and on. Easy class...not so good prof.
She is the worst math teacher i have had in my entire life. I hated math before now i will never take another class because of her. She dosn't help anyone and she rambles on and on about nothing and confuses you more than if you were to do it on your own
READ THE BOOK! He gives good notes, but to pass his tests you really need to stay on top of the text. He's really old school and can be very boring. Do the extra credit he offers, it will save your grade.
Mr. Baker is REALLY old. His teaching style is very confusing and you can't read his handwriting. You will probably never use the book and the notes you attempt to take in class should be enough to get you though the tests. The grade is based on 3 test and a final each 1/4 of your grade. Over all I worked my butt off for the B+ I got.
I am very good at Government and I found this class to be kind of hard. Only 4 tests that make up your grade. Extremely boring and doesn't talk about current events at all, we never related things we were talking about to things in real life. Get a different prof if you don't like government!
four test grades are your only grades in class. no homework grades. if you're a bad test taker you're screwed.
Horrible teacher for an online course. No matter how many e-mails you send asking him questions about the course, he will NOT respond. Very frustrating, first horrible experience of an online class at GRCC. The only thing I can give him is that he has clear due dates for each unit. Don't take this particular class with him.
This was an online-only class and he was on autopilot. It seems the only thing he did was grade the midterm and final. Questions sent via email took days to answer, and always referred back to his rare comments on blackboard that were vague to begin with.
Worst proffeser I have ever had. Will not help you at all.
Not a good quality professor. If there are other classes open, I would advise you to enroll with a different instructor.
This professor should not have an on line class! He may be a good class room teacher but giving quizzes on real life examples that are not taught in the book is unfair. I have a very high GPA and because there is no teaching real life situations that go along with the book reading yet are on the quizzes, I will barely pass.
This class is absolutely ridiculous! Do not take this class online with this professor.
He is not helpul while teaching an online class. He doesn't care about the student and is unsupportive.
Too many stories and jokes and not enough teaching.
Worst professor I have ever had. I am a serious learner and enjoy classes, and almost always get all a's but not in his class, he doesn't teach it, you have to teach yourself at home he is too busy cracking jokes, and talking about himself if you ask a question or don't understand he is mad. GOOD LUCK
Not a good professor... Doesn't use the textbook very much. Often gets off track and he is not an easy professor to follow
I'm taking this class online this semester. I wouldn't recommend it! He is horrible at presenting an online class! His quizzes and practical exercises are tedious and are overwhelming. No one does good on them. It's ridiculous, because my friend is taking the same class online with a different professor and is doing wonderful! Don't sign up for him
There's absolutely nothing to cushion your grade with in this class, it's all about the tests. Accounting already is hard enough in itself, but he does nothing to help! You spend hours upon hours of doing homework, which is only 5 points TOTAL. So virtually nothing to help your grade. Homework is nothing like the tests, so you are in big trouble!
Worst Professor Ever. Hasn't graded anything since January. Still no grade on may 5. Horrible. Stay away!
I do NOT recommend this teacher for Online Ba 103. I don't mind homework, but she assigned a ton of assignments and discussion board posts over 15 weeks, & only graded 10. It's not uncommon to spend 5 hours on an assignment, and receive no grade for it. Also, tests are graded, but u cannot see what answers were marked incorrect-Bad prof all around!
~ ONLINE CLASS ~ WOULD NEVER take another online class with her as an instructor. She is TERRIBLY BEHIND on her grading and makes excuses for it. I had another online class at the same time and that teacher was grading immediately (within a few days) where Barnum takes WEEKS before grading things. The tests are terrible, she makes them timed and mo
being from a different country, i thought that she was very hard, pretend she cared if everyone is getting the work but she doenst care, she just says it to please her self
not helpful and more concerned with other matters than the students. Back stabbing, sour puss attitude. Avoid like the bubonic plague! Heck the plague would have been better and easier to deal with. Should name a hurricane after her!
Be careful with this teacher if you are not determined to pay great attention. You will not get good grades on the tests and she reserves 50% of your grade for her final group business project. By the time that everyone gets done dropping out you wont have a group to work with and you will fail
Its an intro to business class for cryin' out loud. She examines material covered in a four hundred level course. She doesnt give much help or extra effort, so if this class is just to meet minimal business credits find another teacher!
Don't
Taking this class online we didn't meet for zoom but there is videos he posts per lesson which are very boring. I wish this class was easier to be engaged with. In this class you get a problem set and a quiz to follow which are very similar. There are three exams which make up a huge chunk of your grade which are nothing like the material we learn.
Awful grading system
His lectures were so boring and the exams were pretty difficult. His slides made no sense and he skipped through them very fast. Overall, I did not like this class at all.
He is a kind man, but not a good professor (at least for online). Quizzes take forever, and there are a lot of them. He won't post the notes until a week before the exam. He probably won't answer any of your emails, at least not for weeks. Exams are often not worded well and the keys might be wrong. This class was much harder than needed to be.
Professor Dyer is smart, don't get me wrong. He clearly understands what he's talking about, but he is awful at teaching it effectively. Once class starts, he begins talking right away and doesn't stop for an hour an a half. He goes through slides super fast so it's hard to take notes sometimes. Tests are brutal and not like the notes.
Dr Dyer does not seem like he wants to be teaching this class and only uses PowerPoint presentations. It is very hard to take notes because he quickly moves between slides. The slides are posted 2 days before the exam. All the test questions are specific details from the book that he may or may not have covered in class. Overall a bad professor.
I havnt even finished the semester and I cannot stand this class. He is the worst professor I have ever seen. The class is pretty much him reading off of the powepoints and pointless tests that test for nothing that we have learned...NEVER TAKE THIS CLASS FROM THIS PROFESSOR HE IS HORRIBLE!
Well after being extremely excited about entering the realm of psycholo
One of the most boring and pointless classes I've ever taken. Tyrrell doesn't care what students think and talks straight through the entire class period. Incredibly boring. DO NOT TAKE.
ICKY!
She is by far the worst professer I have ever had. DON'T TAKE HER IF POSSIBLE!!!
He did not care what was the problem was he would just have it his way or the high way. He was not helpful at all in the lab. Hope I never have him again.
He is very condescending, will not help you one bit, not even a hint, he is one of the worst!
He will not help you if you need it in the lab
He needs to learn how to have patience and learn how to explain things other than his way. NOT HELPFUL at all!!! Will never take his class again.
This class was my most difficult class this semester and it isn't even related to my major. Her videos are not helpful; I just youtubed everything.
Dropped me from my class after I told her textbook was on backorder. Had done an assignment proving my attendance, and had emailed her letting her know I was unable to start. Instead of trying to help where she could, she was condescending and rude. Asked me to buy a copy of it with my personal money instead. Then dropped me when I was unable to.
Condescending.
Does not teach anything. Sends you to a pre recorded video program. When you reach out to her for clarification she is not helpful, tells you to go back and read the syllabus. Why even pay her she is not teaching.
prof hess is a nice individual but wanted things to be very specific. i had asked for help extra help on monday which is assigned for extra help and she basically made me feel bad for asking for the help she offered. on my final she marked me down for 50% of the grade i got because i didn't show everything that she wanted, when what i had was rt.
professor hess is very rude and is not understanding at all. I would expect her to be more forgiving especially since so many people are already not comfortable with online school. I made mistake while typing in my answer on a quiz because the website she has us use is so slow and glitchy. I emailed her and asked if she could fix the point and nope
Class started on Monday, 3 chapters of homework, 1 six page workbook, a test, and quiz assigned ON MONDAY and due FRIDAY AT NOON! I'll be avoiding her classes like the plague from now on
does nothing. all she does is makes us use a site and transfers grades over. does not teach her self. gets paid to sit on her ass
DON'T take her! She is not understanding, and doesn't do anything for the students. She uses an expensive online access that does all the teaching for her, she does nothing but transfer the grades to records. There was an issue with the online company, and all she did was write me a huge email explaining how incompetent I was..I'll never recommend!
the only person to ever run away from the circus and become a teacher.
He miscalculated my grade and then left the country!!!!
BAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDD
Course load overwhelming...teacher is not a good lecturer at all!(skips around)
Professor Hower is the definition of a hot mess! She was 10-20 minutes late every single day. She canceled classes 10 minutes before we were supposed to have class. She does not teach you anything! She reads directly from her slides and does not do any examples. She rambles about her home life and makes so many excuses!
Will not respect your class time. She will show up late and horrible explanations
Hower takes the cake for worst professor I've ever had. She made a joke about her daughter's overdose in class which disgusted me. Don't even bother emailing her, she won't answer. The class is so incredibly confusing: no examples, she makes mistakes in homework & tests, and literally won't help you. Do NOT take her. I hated every second with her.
Most unprofessional professor I've ever had to deal with. Constantly canceling class within half an hour of when the class would start -- one time she canceled five minutes before it started. Nearly unreachable outside of class, rarely responds to emails, lazy grader -- expect assignments to sit ungraded for weeks.
This professor is extremely unorganized, consistently shows up late to class, and cancels often. Homework is never posted on time, and she has said on multiple occasions that she will post the review or homework if she doesn't "flake" but "won't make any promises". Not sure how she's even a professor as lecture is just her ranting about her life.
This professor was unorganized, lazy, and unfair. It was hard to find assignments and labs. She would cancel classes all the time and would never push back exams. She also never answers emails. Don't take this class.
She is nice. Understands stats. That's about it. The reality is, the lectures are read verbatim off pdfs. She gets easily distracted, no time management. Tests were cancelled the morning of. Grades posted late. No feedback. Notes were prewritten for you. Honestly, I got an A putting only 7-8 hours total into this class. Just disappointed really. :/
I don't know how Professor Hower has such high ratings on here... Just to highlight a few things, she's very unorganized, class gets cancelled a lot, lectures are just her reading off of the screen and not really explaining how to work through the problems, and she gets very off topic for majority of the time during lectures. Would not recommend.
her lectures are confusing, she teaches best to those who already understand.
she seemed so focused on m&m's that she didn't teach the material thoroughly..
Had to teach myself everything in the class, unbearably nitpicky on exams. Exams are written response. ex.) I said the answer was "structural" and the correct answer was "structured" and got minus four points. Average class exams are in the sixties after the curve. If you want to have a miserable time and have to pay for it then take his classes.
Hands down the worst professor I've ever had. Lectures are basically irrelevant and he cannot convey important information effectively. He is bland in lecture and lab, tests are based pretty much solely on book material which is not gone over in class.
Literally the worst professor I have ever had. He is sexist, he doesnt want students to succeed. He only cares about students he deems worthy (white men). I studied for atleast an hour every day and more when I had free time and still got 50s on his exams. He is an awful person through and through
All grades are based on quizzes and exams and he does NOT go easy. They are 100% write in answers and you have to know EVERYTHING said during lectures. I said "brown fat is used for heating the body" and he wanted "rapid heating" so I didn't get any credit. That is just one example and its like that for every single question. I do NOT recommend
He is the one professor I have had that I have felt like was setting me up for failure. Majority of the class does not do well on exams, and he still refuses to shift his approach. You have to know every single thing he says, as he tests on very random content. He very clearly knows students struggle, but offers no help. True for all of his classes
This professor is the absolute worst, he is setting his students up for failure and does not seem to care about them whatsoever. He sits on his high stool and looks down on us making us feel dumb, no matter how hard we try. DO NOT RECCOMEND HIM.
This professor is truly the worst professor I have had in my 6 years of college. He seems to be setting his students up for failure. He is not personable what so ever and seems to never be available for questions. I would recommend to avoid this professor if you are able.
His tests don't test on what you know, they test on what you memorized. I am never taking a class with this professor again if I can help it. He is a smart person, but he just does not know how to teach.
I came into the class expecting to learn the fundamentals of ecology, instead he taught irrelevant studies that had almost nothing to do with the subject he was teaching about and then would test you on the specifics of the studies. I think he should stay in the woods away from teaching.
Terrible prof. Hours and hours of studying are needed to just pass his exams. The information/concepts are not difficult to grasp, his exams are designed to make you second guess yourself and fail. Spends about a lecture and a half on each chapter, sometimes less, and memorize all the information in order to do well. Some questions have a-h answers
His tests are ridiculous, you should grasp overall terms, yet you get nit-picky questions that only have a sentence in the book on them.
This class was like a bad Celine Dion song. i feel bad for people that have to take it.
Very unclear exam questions, and very strict grading. All short answers on all exams. Two lab exams, one for 3/4 material, one for 1/4 material, equally weighted. Doesn't use webCT and takes forever to hand back tests.
He isn't confident in his teaching. He doesn't talk to the class, more to the ground.
This is the WORST professor I've ever had. If you have to take this class for your major, do it, but DO NOT take it for fun because fun is about the last thing you'll get out of this class.
If you are interested in the study of ecology, by all means, study ecology. On your own. That's exactly how you will be expected to learn the material in this class. Throw out all that you think you may know about the world in which you live. Dr. Bruggink is going to leave you scrathing your head for days.
His tests are made of stuff mostly out of the book, gives the chapters to review a week before the test instead of at the begining of the material. Lectures are dreadfuly boring. Doesnt answer questions directly.
Horrible!!! he talks like a robot, very boring, and the exams are impossible!
the most boring class I have ever taken in my life
Dr. Bruggink takes a class that could be interesting and turns it into an unclear mass of information. Labs are extremely boring even though they are outside. Lectures are even more boring-make sure you write down everything he says and don't read the book. Test questions are insane. Extremely difficult and boring class.
most boring class ever. Sent notes via the internet. Caught up on other work while in lecture.
Not a very helpful teacher, you can tell he would rather being doing something else.The class is dull.He spends a good part of class time talking to himself, and isn't willing to help students.The PowerPoints are straight from the book so he doesn't have bother with preparing anything for class.
Bad very bad teacher spends a large part of class talking to himself at the front of the class. The labs are bad as well, you do the same thing (looking at skulls) all semester and learn nothing useful, other then how to spell what you could look up just as easily. The power points are straight fr
This class has been the death of me. Not only is it impossible to get in contact with Professor Blose outside of class (don't even bother emailing him he will not respond) but he made being lectures miserable. The class was constantly correcting him for mistakes in examples provided, and he seemed to always think it was funny. Please retire.
I have never been more frustrated with a professor in my college career. I have to take this class for credit, but it is annoying that I'm paying to be in this course & not learning anything b/c of how poorly he lectures. He understands all the material, but he can NOT, to save his life, teach about it. Doesnt understand how to explain it to studts
I am an A / B student, and currently am struggling to pass this class. Blose is one of the worst professors I've ever had. He spends the class going on rants not relevant to the material, and tests us on things never covered. Time to retire.
The most boring professor I have ever taken. He is also like 70 and barely can use technology. He is also super paranoid about people using phones and laptops in class. He can be rude and annoying. Talks on and on about stuff that won't ever be on any tests.
He is one of the worst professors I have ever had at Grand Valley. He consistently messed up on the board and puts the wrong answer. If a professor always get the problem wrong and a student has to correct him, he should not be a professor! What he teaches in the class is pointless to our future trading.
Worst professor I have ever had! He writes the wrong numbers and or answers to example problems on the board which throws everything off frequently. He also does not respond to emails promptly if at all. He posts practice problems, but never promptly posts the answers even when you remind him in class or email him.
this guy is the true nutty professor. dont waste time listening to his lectures, just study out of the book.
Hated her class, plain & simple.
Hated her class, plain & simple; this class was the reason I'm quitting the German program.
She sets up a concept in her mind of who she thinks are good students and bad students. Then, on her highly subjective short answer-essay tests she grades extremely prejudicially.
Here are my 2 cents, this class is an easy-easy A, if you don't care about the class and just want to get A, this is class is 100% for you. Attendance and participation matter, but it's not really a big deal even if you miss a 1 class or 10 classes as long as you keep up getting A on tests and quizzes and you do group project(it's all easy to do).
Brame is very arrogent. He likes to emphasize that he has a doctorite and that you will automatically be inferior and otherwise dumb to him unless you are "made into one of his teachers pets". thinks he knows everything, and loves to bash on people who disagree with him Horrible teacher! He makes you feel stupid if you dont know a question
not a very good teacher he talks down to people and makes you feel dumb
dont let him e your teacher
Brame is very arrogent. He likes to emphasize that he has a doctorite and that you will automatically be inferior and otherwise dumb to him unless you are "made into one of his teachers pets". He likes to show off who he knows of importance. You will not learn anything in the class, He is lazy at teaching, and overall a bad teacher
Brame is a terrible professor. He is very arrogant, thinks he knows everything, and loves to bash on people who disagree with him. He thinks the Constitution is, "An outdated, biased document that the U.S. relies on too much." He's a freemason (true). He's a socialist (probably true).
Horrible teacher! He makes you feel stupid if you dont know a question and isnt afraid to let the wole class know how dumb they are.. All he talks about is race and he expects you to know everything even though its an entry level class... Avoid him at all cost!!!!
Absolutely terrible. Does a crappy job of explaining anything, but tests are at home and quizzes are open book. Completely ****, and makes sure you know it. Very lude to the women in the class. Wastes time CONSTANTLY and never stops boasting about his family. Very entitled and snobby, and just plain looks down on everyone. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!
He is a **** jerk. But his class is easy because the tests are online.
Brame should be no where near a classroom. He is rude, unapproachable and completely unorganized. I felt uncomfortable in his class as a white student because he made it clear is so many words his disgust with our race. It is sad that we had to pay our hard earned money for professors like him. A horrible expereince!
He was by far the worst prof i have ever had. He was rude, unorganized, and unprepared. We spent a lot of time doing group presentations and if did lecture, he just read some outline. BORING. He is obsessed with his family and that is all he really talks about. Avoid him like the plague!
A prideful balloon that does not know answers to his own questions.
Pretty much reads the book the whole class period.
He is too book smart and doesn't know how to bring his vocabulary down to a college level. He reads right off of his power points and the examples he tries to use are not relatable. Testing is done online and you get two chances but the class is just a bore!
This teacher is the worst i have ever had. All he talks about is race and himself. I am never going to be in any of his classes ever again! He is very unclear about things and can never admit that he is wrong. ALWAYS talks down to students and calls them out in front of everyone! He is just an embarrasment!
He makes you call him "wise walter wizard of many things" but yet claims to be a pastor. I'm sorry you can not be a christian even if you are into witchcraft and sorcery you would be into the demonic. All he talks about is himself and race and issues that he has with white people. He is extremely unhelpful and unwilling to teach.Drop his clasASA
GET OUT OF THE CLASS! HE IS ****!!!
This "teacher" is a disgrace. He is often late, unprepared and unclear. He is reluctant to let you know your standing in class when it comes to your grade and does not thoroughly or completely explain assignments. He hands out a syllabus but does not follow it AT ALL. He is extremely difficult to approach and even more diffucult to learn from.
He gives these assignments that don't tie into the lessons at all, and he cares more about the format of his papers than the content. He might spend about 15 minutes of the class actually teaching. I'm very frustrated.
Very very borring, he is very confusing. Make sure to do all the home work. Tests are not totally hard, but make sure to keep up with home work. He only states things once.
I've been in the class for all of 2 days and he already has the whole class confused. He's very bad at clarifying your confusion, made lude inappropriate jokes to the female students in particular, and the whole class seems like it's based on what race you are, and everything is very black people this and white people that. Avoid him if possible.
If you really miss elementary school or enjoy open book tests with partners,then this class is perfect for you. This class didn't feel college level whatsoever. Very irresponsible,talks on his cell phone during class, misleads most info, and has been absent several times. Take Cedric Williams!!
he can't seem to get past the fact that slavery ended over a century ago. all he does is talk on his cell phone, tell stupid stories and insult white people. a waste of time and money.
This guy is such a **** jerk! He makes you feel bad for being white,if your a girl he will make lude, inappropriate comments to you. You can't ask a question becasue he will get pissed. He thinks he is the smartest man alive and lets everyone know it. Stear clear if you dont want to be torn apart!
He's arrogant and verbose, but I think on a one-on-one level he is caring. Not the best teacher- he reads from the book and talks off topic 90% of the time.
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS IF YOU WANT TO PASS!!!! He is the most absent minded teacher I have ever had. He give assisnments (such as writing a paper) and then doesn't explain what he wants done. During lectures he goes off on so many tangents you can't follow what he's trying to explain. AVOID HIS CLASS
Seriously, DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER. he can be mean, ****, and very confusing. He changes assign.s...the only way to get a real answer to a question is to stay after and get him by himself. Be prepared to sit waiting while he talks on his cell in middle of class. is APA OBSESSED!!!
horriab;e teacher. he is not organized. He ranomly gives extra credit, but only to select few, doesn't explain anything. And is always preaching..because he is a preacher. He never addmits to being wrong. He loses everything. And it is just chaos.
Although he is a very intelligent man, he is also a very arrogant man. He refers to himself as "Doc". He treats members of certain races better than others. He expects graduate level work out of intro level students. He is extremely unhelpfu
He doesn't take in consideration some people work 40 hrs. a week and raising at family. I thought that was what Community Colleges was about. He need to take his arrogants and self-centered attitude to a University if they will have him.
mr.brame talks down to his students as if they were expected to walk into the class knowing all of the information.
Worst teacher ever! Very arrogant! won't help you, doesn't care what you think.
Dr. Rich is a great person and is super kind, but multiple times does she blame her students for failing her exam. The class average wasn't passing, and instead of changing her exam she told us we were the issue. Her exams horrible. The amount of reading, worse. The quizzes are picking up on the smallest details. Essays fine, forgets to go overthem
Dr. Rich is one of the hardest graders I have experienced yet, I often got c's on the theme assignments and her feedback consisted of "great use of your quotes" "add a comma here" and "does this relate to your theme?" If you want to do well in the class you must purchase all 7 textbooks and read 80+ pages for each class period!
Expects things your going to learn in class before you even learn them. completely unrealistic expectations with no understanding. She expects final week papers the first week of class.
WORST ENGLISH PROF. She grades harshly and without explanation. She does not use a rubric for assignments, making it difficult to understand why she grades as she does. When I went to her office hours for help on a paper, she was not helpful. Her midterm exam included quote identifications (you must know author, text, speaker, etc). STAY AWAY
NEVER TAKE HER..you would think we're at harvard or something..!!!!! WTF. settle down on your expectations RICH. DO NOT TAKE HER. she expects way too much. only take her if her class is your only one and you don't have anything else to do in your life, because you'll still end up spending all your time in her class. (ANY of her classes!!!)
It's an Intro to Lit class that she teaches as an Advanced one. It is honestly the worst class I have ever taken. She grades vocabulary lists like they are the ACT. Good luck and I pity you for taking this class.
Both the worst and hardest teacher I have ever had. If you ask for help on a peper before you turn it inshe will tell you it is probably a B paper, then when she ends up grading it you will get a D. Teaches from boring books on a boring time period.
Intro to lit. should not be this hard!!! I love lit. but I dropped this horrible class. Not willing to help students. The Tyson book sucks, she uses it because she worked with Tyson at one time so she thinks she some literature god. If you don't understand philosophy, or don't care to study it with lit. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!!
ElizaBETH is extremely inconsistent in her grading. She expects a lot from you in this course. The Tyson book is****ty, so the class may have been better if there was a different text. She does not divide up classtime in an appropriate way. Quizzes are on the petty details of a story. Group projects were useless and time-consuming. She is a hippie
She expected way too much from a freshmen. She specifically said that a high school english paper would automatically receive a C according to her because it didn't meet her standards. I have at least a 3.5 GPA,but I felt so dumb and helpless in her class. I would ask for help but it was useless.
Very hard and definately not helpful. I would never consider taking her again. She grades harshly and expects high quality writing, from people who are just out of high school!A hint to Rich- simmer down!
She told our class that we had to basically had to relearn how write paper's and she would tell you to put information in our papers that was useless. Just write what she tells you to and give your opinion. She is one of the worst english teachers that I have ever had.
She doesn't help you at all. She expects you as a freshman to know what your assignment entails without any explanation. Don't take her if you want to get a B or above! She made the comment in class herself that she isn't here to give us A's.
RUN. I had no clue what was going on in her class. She could not answer my questions in anything other than doctoral degree theses. Probably a nice person, but not a good teacher.
This was the WORST class I've ever had. Unless you want to be bored out of your mind, do lots of busy work for no reason; she just made everything more confusing and was also a very unfair grader and not very accomodating or helpful
never totally explainsa what she wants and makes everything so complicated. RUN!
This class was way too hard for an Eng 111 class. She treats it as if it were a graduate class. Stay away from her if you can help it because she doesn't explain assignments well.
Terrible Prof.
shes horrible
Easy class to get an A in but I have never done so much doodling in my life. His talks turn into tangents about things that do not pertain to any of the readings. I learned nothing and am unsure what I was supposed to learn.
He is by far the worst professor I have ever had. He has the same stain in the same spot on his shirt everyday. He doesn't care about his students and he wont answer your calls or emails. This is an awful class. DO NOT TAKE
The only reason I rated him as medium easiness is because the final exam was just extra credit. EVERYONE failed his tests with 49% or lower and it was our fault because we didnt know how to study. Class is boring. You will want to rip out your hair. He wears the same clothes every week. Very dirty guy. Terrible class. DO NOT TAKE. You'll regret it.
Absolute waste of time and money. I don't respect someone who comes in dirty and asks for a ride back to motel after class. SVSU should be ashamed to have hired a man such as him. He is very smart, but has outlived his teaching career. Assignments very vague, and like to change the rules 1/2 way in the semester. Does not respond to email often
McJoke
Most irritating guy I have ever seen. He breathes like there are a bunch of marbles stuck up his nose - VERY distracting! Not to mention he's an IDIOT. He thought that the Grapes of Wrath was written by Harriet Beecher Stowe about the Middle East!! DO NOT TAKE this one.
This guy sucks dont take him its so boring! he doesnt care about any of the students so dont bother asking for help, then again you can feel free to catch up on any sleep you missed because his monotone voice will surely put a spell on you
This professor is extremely boring. He is so unorganized the college should be embarrassed. Very dirty guy too. Talked down to students that didnt understand an assignment or something in the notes. WILL REORGANIZE MY ENTIRE SCHEDULE SO I WONT EVER HAVE TO TAKE HIS CLASSES AGAIN.INCONSISTENT GRADES
He's weird...lives with 40 other guys??? Says um all the time and his clothes were disgusting. He knows his history, but doesn't teach it very well. quizes are easy, mid term was tough. Don't really have to read those novels, never did anythin
easy "A" but when the word "money" turns into "muny" because u fall asleep all the time. the worst monotone professor EVER!
This man is soo ridiculous! His class is pointless. If only he was as knowledgeable as he claims to be! -----------Easy A---Total waste of time
very easy teacher...cancle's class all of the time for no reason
He is an awful professor!!
One of the worst professors I have had at SVSU. She doesn't know how to teach, she assumes that everyone knows what they are doing. Talks to you like your stupid, and will not help. DO NOT TAKE!
Shes horrible. If you wanna fail and waste $500+ than go ahead and take her.
She talks way to fast! If you dont know 100% of what you are doing than do not take her! Very Confusing, she will do problems on the bored but doesnt go slow enogh so people can actually see what she is doing. One girl asked her to slow down and she said that we have a time limit and told her to buy a recorder!!
she is not a good teacher, i would not take her class!!! she goes off on other things not related to what you are learning about at that time.
I understand how to do the work and I keep up with the homework, but whenever it comes to an exam, I always fail. I always study before the exam so I am well prepared I look at the books, in class stuff, and the book but I always fail exams. She should make class fun, I know that math really isn't fun, but she should make it more fun for students.
She has got to be one of the most boring, worst teachers out there. The mean on our last exam was 43%.
shes an awful teacher. she does not care about her students. She should not be teaching. If you take her make sure u keep up with the binder. When she checked mine its almost like she smiles when she marks you down. she says she wants to get you throught he class..thats a lie. Makes you feel dumb. DO NOT TAKE...DONT WAIT DROP HER CLASS ASAP
She is the worst teacher ever. I'm not sure how she got her degree, but she did. She is never clear when she answers questions, and looks at you like your stupid. It was very discouraging.
All i have to say is RUN
She rushes through everything in class and grades to the exact detail on every single problem, hard on attendance, makes learning very difficult
I thought she was a horrible teacher and graded way too difficult. If at all possible, AVOID!
I think Jackie is a very obnoxious teacher. She isnt helpful at all and she rushes through the material being covered. She is very unclear at times too. Just because it is a lower math course doesnt mean people dont need help. But that's actually how she acts.
avoid her if possible, she grades very hard, the way she explains her examples is very confusing, she messes up on the board at least once a class. i wouldnt take her again if i had the choice b/c im barely passing, and i was an A math student in high school
The people before don't know what they're talking about. This prof was by far the easiest in the world. Just do the hw and practice problems to get a good grade on the tests. I sucked at math before her and now i'm getting an A!! Easy teacher. Take her!
Worst professor in my life. Words can not describe how bad she is at teaching. You think you are getting an easy A try again.
this is the worst math professor in the world...grades EXTREMELY hard, VERY unhelpful...shouldnt be teaching a low level class...she is rediculous... AVOID HER!!! please
horrible, thats all i can say, i didn't learn a thing
if possible don't take her!makes lessons way harder than they have to be, messes up problems on the board all the time,grades really hard
Worst teacher ever!I had to drop the class because I was failing, and when I stayed after class to ask for help, all she said was, "go to the math center!" She's unclear on what she wants from us. Don't ever take Jackie Herlache!!!!
This teacher is the worst to take. She makes you feel like you are the scumb between her toes. And if you get an answer by doing the problem your way you are sure to get it wrong. And she always wears the same hairstyle and clothing week after week.
the worst teahcer ever i took a test and right but becuz i didnt do it her way i got a C on it instead of a A dont take this class or her for a teacher, she needs to stop talkin about her dogs and teach math get and get that mole removed off her forehead
Unkind, demeaning, and generally a poor teacher. She presents her work in a bias manner, all the while making insults to your intelligence. Very verbally abusive, and unwilling to assist you if there's a problem.
The most terrible professor I've ever had! Ask her for help, go to her office, use the Math Res.Lab, nothing is good enough. If the MRL tells you it's right, she'll mark it wrong b/c it isn't the way she would like you to do it. Even if it's right BAD RUN
If you have any trouble with math; I implore you not to take this class. Her lectures are confusing and boring. There were very few students left by the the end of this class. I passed with a C+ which was hard fought and no thanks to her.
This teacher shouldn't be teaching!She is unbelievable when it comes to grading and doesn't really clarify her work! Never Take Her! if u see her RUN..........
This is the absolute WORST teacher I have EVER had. She is stupid when it comes to teaching the material. She treats it as if it is just a review for students when they are learning it for the first time. Almost everyone in my class failed. DONT TAKE HER!
Worst professor I ever had. I recommend not to take her. If you like being compared to dogs and if you like to feel completely worthless then this is the class for you. All I can say is HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!! She wants all her students to fail!!
I had to drop her class. Doesn't know how to teach, and can't relate to people, just her dogs.Rapidly goes through the material, skipping steps in between. I recommend not taking her.
Even correct answers are marked wrong for 0 points.
This professor was horrible!!! She makes you feel really stupid, and does not help you. Get out of this class if you can! Easy teacher but she cannot teach the material. She compares her students to her dogs at home. I hate her!!!
Makes this class seem like a chore...she doesn't care about her students...and she doesn't believe in half credit her grading is brutal...and she makes you look and feel STUPID!
Doesnt care goes through material very fast. Ussaly for sections in 20 min. Makes you feel very stupid lots of times.
She is not nice. not fair. and will not help instead make you feel stupid.
nice guy. terrible teacher
He rambles, he's a monotone, and I went for extra help 4 times and he was nowhere to be found. Doesn't answer emails, does 99% of class problems WRONG, and sometimes u can't understand what he says. RUN AWAY WHILE U HAVE THE CHANCE!
VERY HARD AND HE SEEMS LOST THE WHOLE CLASS. IF YOU FAIL THE FINAL YOU FAIL THE CLASS EVEN IF YOU HAD AN A. GO FIGURE...HE'S AN ****!
if u are good in math take him...exam has 10 questions that are soo easy.....if u suck at math ull be lost
I couldnt stand him..He was by far one of the worst professors I ever had. He looked lost half the time and couldnt figure out how to solve his own problems...Never Take Him!!!
This is by far the worst teacher i have ever had in my life. I had a tutor who is my age that knew how to explain math better. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
OMG!!!!! I can't believe it, there is like no way to get an A. Who the hell hired him, and why is he still working there. Out of like 30 student like 20 dropped and have of what are left are failing!
Maybe the worst teacher i have ever had. Out of a class of 30, 22 people droped
Every day, I prayed that something bad would happen to me just so that I could get out of his class. Decent guy, terrible prof
Horrible, inconsistent in his direction. Penalization for "last minute" posts... Coming from a design major with a passion in this field. I would highly recommend another professor. There are MUCH better in this department then this horrible professor.
I took this class a while ago and dropped it. He just wasn't interested in teaching. I signed up this year to take the class with Ms. Larson. What a difference. She's energetic and fun.
This geriatric fool shouldn’t be working; he should be in a home. His lectures were exceptionally skimpy. He just blabbered uncontrollably about the boring details of his stupid life. Also, his grading is very subjective and unfair. He’ll take away points without giving proper explanation.
I had his class back in Fall 2008, and boy he is a TERRIBLE instructor. He goes way TOO fast on notes and we have daily quizzes in that class. I, personally, do NOT recommend you taking his class.
He is a terrible teacher. He goes way to fast in his teaching, and doesnt explain anything. Test and quiz everyday, and their impossibly hard. Really boring to listen too.
Prior to taking this class I read the comments and thought "it couldnt be that bad." This teacher is horrible. He doesnt know what he is talking about and plays it off like he's very willing to help. When I emailed him with a question about my grade his full response was "Its called responsibility." Should not be teaching. Definetly regret class
All this guy reminds me of is the guy on office space, all he does is say uuuuummmmmmmmmm yeeeeeahhh. Boring as can be. Quizes every day. I personally have not studied for one of them and I'm still getting the same grades as everyone else that is studying. They are practically impossible. Dont take this class ever!
he doesnt explain a lot in the class like in detail what u should do, he wont help u the on the projects and the only help he will offer is the tutor and answer ur questions before quizes for ur safety dont take him!!!!
He sucks..everone hates him-i dont know one kid who thought he was cool-test are too broad...i studied with kids how got 48-49/50 and understand everything they understood and still got a 29...our class averages on test were in the 30% everytime dont waste your time with him...take a diff prof-you will learn more trust me i regreat his class
He wanted us to rate him...I'll rate him...he is so arrogant and when you ask him he expects you to do it yourself, not helpful at all. Run like HELL!!!!! The guy needs to retire,but he will stick around cause nobody else will take him probably. He hates students and is grumpey.
completely arrogant
If u get him RUN AS FAST AS U CAN!!!!
his teaching sucks, he makes you get the book. it's a lecture class, but the bad thing is that he will never lecture on the chapter. Plus 2 chapter testes, 2 video quiz every week, and the stupid stoct market simulation. So if I were you i'd probly select a different Proffessor.
He makes you feel stupid for asking a question! You will work your butt off in this class and you have to buy software for $40 to do work at home!NO people skills! Most sit in his class confused and scared!DO NOT take this class if it is not required, unless you like having Hitler for an instructor.
Right...this class sucks. If you have to take it, have fun. Every day you have a video quiz, net exercise, "mike's bikes" and stock simulation. 50 pt multiple choice tests evey other class period, and they arent easy. Study guides every week, and he doesnt explain anything unless you ask. Good luck
he is a jerk, dont get this professor, he doesnt help you at all when you need help and has hard test every week
All I have to say is good luck if you are taking this class with him. I completed EVERYTHING he asked including the stupid extra credit that you have to pay for and I still got a B. Also, don't question anything he says or he will be extremely rude to you
This teacher is an anal retentive nerd who thinks everyone should get off on a business class. I did all but ONE assingment through the entire semester and got a C. Find a different teacher!
horrible teacher
The worst teacher I have ever had. He wants you to do all of these projects but he can never make up his mind on how or what he wants you to inclue in them. I would not recomend this teacher to anyone.
Worst class i have ever taken. Someone asked him what he did on springbreak and all he said was oh i was on leave. you can show up to every class and get all the points and somehow still do really bad. HE SUCKS!
Boo to this shet! This guy has taken what is supposed to be an intro class, and turned it into that hardest shet i've ever seen. Mikes Bike?!~?! What the fock??? If you want extra credit, he charges you for it. Shut your monitors o
Horrible and dont like to help people with their problems.
Terrible teacher. If you take his intro class you better go in there with a very good understanding of business or you wont pass. He doesn't like to help students when they have questions and whines about it like a 14 year old girl. DON'T TAKE HIM
Horrid teacher, everything has to be his way and has bad temper HE SUCKS
he is a crazy man, want you to do everything on the first day
He may have work experience, but thats not enough!
He's got a hot head
Doesn't make PowerPoints available to students after class lectures. Doesn't care if the students get the notes or not. Teaching way to much material for the time given. Material not covered thoroughly enough. Doesn't help students understand what is necessary for passing the tests.
Worst professor I have had at GRCC. This was a two credit class that was taught like a 4 credit class. I am a good student and usually get A's in the majority of the classes I take. She will help you it just has to be on her terms. She goes way too fast in class and you do not learn anything!! Get ready to be frusterated! I'm so glad it is ove
Way too much memorization of mostly useless terms for a 2 credit class. Old world teaching approach, doesn't make here slides available to view later so take lots of notes, make her wait while you copy them down. Only good thing she says is on day one, where she tells you that the class can be replaced by any CO 200 level class. Take this advice.
She is the only teacher who teaches this class, so watch out for her. She is very strict when it comes to paying attention and participating in the class. If you get her, get out of the class NOW! Unless you absolutely need the class for your degree. If the rating could go lower I would make it lower.
If shes here, who's running hell? Wow, no help at all. The first day of class she informs you that you can possibly take a different class rather than co230. Run as fast as you can and don't look back. The textbook is no help for her assignments and asking her is a lost cause which makes the class a bit difficult.
She thinks others are rude and disrespectful, when she really is. She doesn't treat her students with respect. Only wants you to ask her for help not others. While she is lecturing she doesn't want the screen on unless you're taking notes but be careful if you touch the mouse she may yell at you. The material is alright if you can follow steps.
This Devil woman internationally tries to fail students. She can’t stand for anyone to know her work better than she does. She makes all teachers look bad. After taking a class with this woman, I have lost my respect for teachers. May God help this woman with her issues.
This is a cruel, heartless, and most uncompassionate woman I ever met in my life. She is very judgmental; always thinking someone is cheating or lying. She really needs to take a look at herself before judging others. She treats the students like they are inferior to her.She does not care if student
mean unhelpful almost cost me my graduation diploma and my sanity from her general disconcern of me needing her help everyday but no one else is allowed to help with the projects she assigns
UGGG this woman is the worst prof on staff at CC. This beioch is truly insane. AVOID HER AT ALL COST!
On projects, you can't ask anyone for help except her, but she isn't helpful at all. It's like she doesn't understand her students.
She must be in the late stages of mentalpause, she is a smart ASStronaut. Very different from her husband? how did they hook up? Anyways she should be avoided at all costs. Dont contribute to her retirement fund, ***Hint she needs to retire***
Worst teacher ever. Warning avoid this woman!
Horrible teacher, lectures everyday, very boring. Assignments are long and pointless, tests are difficult and she gives pop quizes on reading assignments. more than half the class had a c or lower
What can i say, from the whole class there was 1 (A-) 3 (b) couple (C) and the rest was (E), and (D) more than half of the class failed or dropped out. Very boring lectures, supid assignments and hard tests.
Wast of time, I have learned nothing. I could have taught the class myself.
Honestly you will find on here a couple of comments of how he is strict about timing and the guidelines and takes the class seriously for no reason and all of this is true. He chooses favs and if you're anything but catholic you're better off not taking him, he's two-faced and will pretend to like you all the way up to when your grades are posted
One of the worst professors,plays favourites and does not like it when you say anything that is against his catholic beliefs or let me put it this way,you are better of never participating in that class than saying something he doesn't like because it will show in your grades.
Do not take this professor. Takes the class way too seriously. The class should have been a breeze but it wasnt. Takes stupid things seriously and things that are important not seriously enough when grading.
its not religion its a christianity class... and his reports are on rediculous topics that make no sense whatsoever
This guy=devil on earth.the worst & hardest prof i ever took.unless u kno the bible and catholic beliefs like clockwork you will fail. he doesnt explain anything and acts like a 2 yr old when teaching. he thinks hes funny but not to me he was a A**hole who didnt want to hear anyone elses opinion
No, no, no! If you want an A, take him. He is the easiest prof at the Hall. However, if you want to learn, then choose ANYTHING else. His class was putrid
puke..puke...and then puke again. However, you'll get the A for doing almost nothing.
If you care about your college career dont take Harrington. He is nice guy but completely clueless that it is not 1943 anymore. He is so old and needs to retire. You will never know what to study.
Material covered is random articles he finds, barely the book at all. You never really know whats going to be on the test then grades the tests hard as if he has a vendetta against all students from this area since he is from Boston. Impossible to pay attention during class. I know he is an old guy but don't feel bad because he is not a nice person
Had him for money and banking. Very boring, and just read handouts the whole time. Tests were alright, they weren't a breeze but they weren't extremely hard either. Assignments were no help, he never showed how he wanted them done, and once I handed them in I never saw them again
Worst Professor ever. Too old to teach. Should retire already.
Oldest teacher ever!! Not helpful at all, doesnt understand that the students take more classes than just his, please retire
This guy is a tool. Terrible teacher period.
Professor Harrington is the worst teacher ever!!He does not teach finance,but he rambles off...it makes no sense to anyone.
Worst Professor on campus
He is the worst professor that you can come across to on campus.He has no compassion for the many students he has within his class.I would not reccomend him at all.
Worst teacher on campus!
Asks questions in quizzes/tests that were not covered in lecture or discussion and were barely covered in the textbook; you will not pass the class if you don't read it. The whole class is struggling with his quizzes, but he has no sympathy for us. He goes on off-topic rants about serious current events and doesn't allow any other viewpoints.
A project assigned to illustrate answers to hundreds of detailed questions about Mark. The project took 4 hours a day by itself, and I still needed 2nd person to finish on time! Caneday argued Hebraic word's meaning, with THE top 3 Hebraic scholar in the world, that Israel asks for by name! Arrogant. Wants too much done in too little time!
Worst Professor I have ever had. His quizzes are awful. His questions are way too detailed. He tries to fit a 16 week course into an 8 week course.
his quizes are SO hard!
Ask a simple question, get a complicated answer to three questions you didn't ask. Avoids answering questions so he doesn't have to admit not knowing.
He really doesnt know how to teach. He never really teaches a topic. 75% of what I learned in his class was from searching the internet, the other 25% I already knew. Don't even think about asking him a question, he will talk out of his ass for 10 minutes trying to sound like he knows what hes talking about so he can get around saying he doesnt kno
He is by far the worst teacher I have ever had. He is terrible with English, does not explain topics thoroughly, does not answer your questions, poor POOR organization, becomes distracted easily and cannot get back on topic. I will never take another class that he is teaching. DO NOT TAKE HIM!
He may or may not know security (haven't figured that out yet) but he does not know how to teach. He did not cover most (nearly all) subjects in course outline. Does not teach from the (required) text. Not helpful when answering questions. But he is a pretty nice guy, and reopened assignments that were not completed by others in the class. too easy
Cannot teach seems knowledgeable but cannot teach. You will have to learn every thing on your own if you want to pass. WHen you ask him a question which he tells you you must to pass he doesnt answer it and never says what he is doing Analogy: He teaches you what a baseball is, a bat is, and a glove is, and then tells you go play baseball!
If you can take the smell, go for it
Definitely second the review that said this was a poor follow-up to Litman's 214. Honestly spent more time correcting her code handouts than writing my own--which had to be done, because she refuses to let you replace her base code and disapproves of solutions that aren't the one she's looking for. Her teaching style is pretty scattershot.
this clsas is a waste of life, if u want to boost ur gpa w/ no effort take him. wat a joke! laptops!! easy grader!! passed w/ B no effort
Don't buy the book. Work is easy. BRING YOUR LAPTOP, or else. You'll see what I mean. I'd take him just to get this core class out of the way, but good Lord, if you are a lover of deer and polar bears, you might want to stray away, because, among other irrelevant and random things, he makes it clear to the class that he hates both animals.
3 tests..3 projects...one 5 page paper..a few homework assignments...decent class
waste of time! he never teaches but you have to be in class for attendance, i brought my laptop never paid attention and got an A. makes you do 3 presentations really easy gives A's like its nothing he doesnt care and never talks about what you need to learn, his notes make no sense but if you memorize them you'll get an A good luck!
This professor has no interest in what his students have to say or, any of their questions for that matter. He loves the sound of his own voice because all he does is lecture about how he and his family and friends are biologically screwed up. However, all his notes necessary for exams are on Blackboard. Easy A, but you end up teaching yourself.
probably the most boring guy ive ever met in my life. work is pretty easy, but be prepared to teach urself bc this guy doesnt teach anything. literally, nothing gets taught in class..dont even bring a notebook.
Everyday I went to class I was a day closer to droppin out.
You've got to be kidding.
Horrible
The class isn't too hard. I never listened in class and I managed to do fine. His lectures don't really make sense and are boring so bring your laptop. Just make sure to read over his lecture notes before tests and do all of the assignments and you'll be fine. He's not that bad.
I thoroughly enjoyed hearing about his mom and the retirement home. It's too bad that was not on the exam.
Non-bio majors do not take him!!!! You really have to teach yourself Biology and if you want to do that I suggest you major in biology. I hate this requirement and I hate this class. But I passed!!!
hot
Horibble teacher though. Do not take this class. Most boring class ever, you have to listen to his stories about angioplasty and stents. Also, likes to talk about his water volleyball games and how the old men beat the lifeguards. He's about 75 & hot.
this professor is hard ass hell. I dont understand how in the hell he became a professor. He is so unclear, rude,and I think that he gets off on failing students. u dont learn u dont pass so u waste money that goes in his pocket plus u gota retake it
Exams arent impossible...if you like Bio and teach yourself. I know so much crap about his personal life I want to vomit...He is disrespectful and I have heard him talking with another professor in private & was insulting a student.
This jerk actually told us not to buy the book, then taught absolutely nothing. He says very simply 1Xper minute on average. Funny guy, but his ADD makes me think he needs to retire. What kind of Professor talks about his shaved crotch itching him?
pleez do not take this class. it's the most horrible class i've taken at seton hall don't take him unless u want to fail!
Krause's story is quite simple. In my class, 7 people failed and one half of the class got D's. I struggled hard and made out with a B, but that does not mean you should take him. Absolutely avoid his class, unless you hate your GPA.
Run while you can.
ESCAPE WHILE YOU CAN! Tests were ridiculous if you're not a Bio major, told stories half the class about his college days, laughed at you when you begged for extra credit.
wastes lecture time with stories. would rather see you fail than spend any time helping you. please go away
Horrible teacher. Very boring and full of ridiculous stories. Hard tests.
The worst math teacher I ever had, not helpfully at all, assumes you know how to do the problems, an does not explain things clearly at all!!
I had him for 3 semesters of calculus. Like others have said, he will not admit when he is wrong even with proof. He grades unfairly on tests. lots of quizzes that you can't make up. It's hard to understand his attemp at english. He does go slow teaching to make sure you understand (the material and his english), than when he runs out of time he ju
just very heartless. like he could care less that he was there. hard to understand, and not very clear with directions even when you ask in personal meeting. MEAN!!!!
confusing, lacks empathy
Can you say Liberalism is a mental disorder.
TERRIBLE professor! he's an egomaniac, freaks out and throws fits in class over STUPID stuff. SO biased in grading, plays favorites, and his tests are HARD! not to mention A LOT A LOT of reading. (really a ton) I will never take a class from him again.
The truth about Prof. O'sullivan is probably that she is somewhere between what the past few reviews state. First off I wouldn't say that she is a terrible person, she can be nice, but it seems as though her knowledge is limited and many classes go off on tangent. She also seems as though she has had a hard time in school and she wishes to bestow
This women is unprofessional and her knowledge on law is feeble at best.She is a legal understudy and will remain that for the rest of her life.Seton Hall needs to remove her and bring in a quality experienced professor of juris prudence.Susan if you read this--please do Seton Hall a favor and leave!!!!
Limited knowledge on subject matter and unreasonable regarding absences. Poor teaching ability and even poorer sense of humor. Needs more real world experience, does not know how to run a class. ohh and please... she's not hot in the least
SHES THe Worst Teacher...ENOUGH Said...A Million and one cases to know for tests and a millions case papers to do...DONT TAKE HER!!!!!!
"No bathroom brakes allowed" is a microcosm of Prof. O'Sullivan's extreme need for complete control at all times. Extremely high, unclear standards. Nasty ****!!!! Take a Xanax and relax!
She was just a real mean and annoying Lady. Tells annoying stories. Is especially unhelpful if she doesn't like you. Make tests with incorrect wording and refuses to admidt shes wrong. Needs a personality readjustment
Prof. is tight-fisted when it comes to giving good grades. She expects students to analyse cases and generate conclusions that courts, with knowledgeable laywers and judges take months to arrive at. Its her way (good grade) or no way at all (bad grade).
Puts students on the spot and gives hard tests with too much material on them.
I'd rather eat broken glass than ever take him again
If you want to study hours every day for the entire semester and still get an F, take Masterson.
The tests did not relate to the homework assignments at all. He got annoyed when questions were asked and would not answer them. He had no grades posted anywhere until the final grade and read through slides. Even with extensive tutoring this class was very difficult to pass. Save yourselves.
Lectures are boring, HW is hard, Questions don't get answered, and Tests are impossible. I am very disappointed that I took this professor because the class is set up for failure. I am warning you that no matter how hard you study, you will not pass!
Anyone who takes this professor after reading these reviews must be out of their mind. But I fall victim to that statement. All the reviews are true! He does not know how to teach and sets the entire class up for failure. His lectures are long & boring. His HW is meaningless b/c none of it is on the tests. And the tests... no more further comments.
the only warning I can give is leave
He sits at his desk, puts his head down, and read directly off his slides. He mumbles alot and speaks very quietly. I had to move to the front to just hear him barely. He has fallen asleep before and snaps if you have questions or don't understand something. Some HW and test questions were things we've never learned. It was very difficult to decode
DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!!!!! Does not give out extra credit, tests have nothing to with what he teaches at all. He just sits in his chair the whole class and shows slides that looks like a child drew them. Run don't take him!
Do not take him I have to retake this class next year. Run.
He's a nice man, but an absolutely terrible professor. His notes are nearly incomprehensible, his lectures are quiet and monotonous, he kept us after time was over, he doesn't post grades online, gets extremely irritable when no one answers his question in class, and his tests are almost impossible. If you don't already know the material, good luck
This was the worst math class that I have taken both in high school and in college. The material is easy yes but you wont get anywhere unless you can teach yourself. He reads off his slides and he seems like he expects you to already know the material. The way he teaches makes zero sense as he expects you to already know the material.
Prof M, words can't describe how much of a disappointment he is as a teacher. He has slides presentations prepared before class but they are very disorganized and unclear to understand. If you ask for an extension for a homework, he'll give it to you, but even the homework is hard to understand. For you own sake, take anyone else.
If you have more professors to choose from, DO NOT choose Prof. Masterson. He is NOT the right one if you want to learn and pass. His lectures are the WORST. He just doesn't know how to teach at all. He would either yell at you the entire class or just read his notes, which are REALLY HARD to understand.
I can't believe that this type of teaching is allowed. While other calc classes are given real and coherent notes, this man makes slides in his own handwriting that are hard to decipher. He assumes that everyone in the classroom automatically knows calculus, and lectures us in a way that only makes sense to him. Nice guy, but tough teacher
Prof. Masterson is not a mean man, but is a terrible prof. I am a decent math student and this class was extremely difficult for me. He talks very low (both in volume and pitch), which makes it difficult to focus. The test questions were 10x harder than the examples in class and if you didn't solve it exactly his way he would mark it wrong.
He's the worst. Make sure you get a seat in the front row or you won't be able to hear his mumbling. he never explains what he's doing, and he doesn't teach it in a way that's easy to understand. He basically just mumbles to himself and draws equations on the board. VERY head in the clouds. DO NOT take him
Professor just does example problems without explaining the material. The homework is optional, but this makes the class very test heavy since there is only 3 exams and the final. His tests are 5 questions for about 2-3 chapters of information. If you never took calculus before, do not take this class!
Because this professor is tenure, he doesn't care whether you pass or not. He gives an extreme amount of homework and gives tests', quizzes, and computer assignments frequently. He is definitely too old to even be teaching at this point. He fails you even if you receive A's on your homework assignments.
He is probably the spawn of Satan. You could not pay me enough money to take this class again. Do not take this teacher. He is absolutely the worst teacher I have ever encountered.
Very bad teacher. I can say in all honestly I didn't learn a thing from him. I learned everything from better calc teachers online. He's the worst math teacher I've ever had. The material is very easy but he presents it terribly and nitpicks excruciatingly on assignments. If you must take him, just look everything up online and you'll do fine :)
Please for the sake of your sanity do not take this professor. I'm not sure why I ever decided to take him, he is downright terrible. I was always good at math and I failed this class.
First I would like to say Professor Masterson is not a very punctual man and his class is brutal. 1:15 of non-stop rambling. He also never takes attendance. My only advice to any student who does them self the disservice of taking this professor is to write down everything he puts on the board and teach yourself.
I'm so upset that I took this class that so many people had warned me about. This guy is outright terrible. He will literally rant 45 minutes before a test on another chapter that won't be on the test, then give you a limited amount of time to take it! I consider myself to be very proficient at mathematics and still barely passed this guys class.
He takes points off for the most ridiculous reasons. Drones on and on with no end in sight (think Ferris Bueller). He insults you when you do poorly. Avoid if you can.
It was not Satan who led Adam and Eve to eat the forbidden fruit, it was John Masterson. He is the Antichrist. Draped in his pseudo-homeless garbs, he sets out to fail any students who are with bad enough luck or perhaps stupidity to have taken him.
Awful. Do not take him.
The class is god awful. he writes faster than I can speak and he just doesn't stop. He's pretty entertaining to observe though
I wish I saw his ratings before I decided to take his class. Worst mistake of my life. I have never had a problem with math before this class. He was absolutely horrible. He's obsessed with the idea that we all know "false algebra". There's no possible way the whole class (full of pre-meds) did not know math. He nearly failed the entire class.
The absolute worst professor in the world. Hard grader, does not care, takes off points for no reason even if it's right. Worst class of my life, impossible to pass.
Worst teacher I have ever had. He does not care, does not teach, does not even know what he is talking about... Talks to fast, rambles on random topics, and does not like when students ask questions... STAY AWAY!!!
Just awful
This is my first time writing on this site and I've never felt a stronger need to do so.Though I may be receiving an A in the course, he's seriously the most ineffective teacher in my four years as an undergrad student.He makes no sense, does not explain right, also makes rude remarks to students who speak up & ask questions. NEVER EVER take him!
horrible
just horrible, stay away if you want to have a good grade
Seton Hall should reevaluate keeping him on the payroll. He should not be teaching!
never EVER take him. he is awful and the most usless prof ive ever had. if you want any shot at getting a good grade avoid this guy.
Avoid this teacher at any cost.He's the worst professor I've ever had. He's terrible at eplaining and has no patience to teach get mad when you ask questions. The class is impossible to pass and he takes tons of points off for small things! It was the longest semester of my life
Worst professor ever
WORST professor ever marks answers on tests wrong when they are right Avoid taking him at all costs
Unclear, uncaring, incomprehensible and has no time to deal with students who don't understand the material perfectly the first time. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.
Horrible. Got a high B in pre calc in high school thought it'd be an easy A here. nope. tedious grading. inconsistent. horrible teaching style. i feel like i am smarter than he is because half the time i would say the easier way of getting around to problems. dont take him unless you want to lose points for going 3 decimal places instead of 4.
Taught way to quickyly. Grading system was very inconsistent. Got 10 out of 11 questions right and received a 79 because of points taken off for missing parentheses. They did not affect the answer at all. I forgot to close the parentheses which did not warrant a -3. I feel it was very unfair. Tests are fair but the grading is inconsistent and very
this guy is ass
DO NOT TAKE HIM! I am a very good student and barely got a C. Only 3 out of the 35 students passed the class! Final is ridiculously hard. No extra credit, no way to get an A. Seriously even if he is your only option dont take him, just take the class next semester. Biggest mistake I ever made.
Do not take his classes! Besdies the guy being extremely monotone and putting you to sleep, he only thinks about himself and could care less if you pass his class. Whatever is his way goes. Worst grader ever, takes off points for any little thing. Do not take!
Took him for social stats and got an A. Horribly boring and extremely incoherent, but the course material is cake. He's sloppy looking, but is very organized when it comes with grades. Also, he's extremely, EXTREMELY flexible with when things're due, which is kind of annoying when you pull an all nighter to get things done. Not recommended.
DO NOT TAKE HIM! The WORST professor at Seton Hall University. I'm convinced he does not care about his students.
Horrible, he just goes over this 100 miles an hour, wont slow down even if students ask. Half the people drop the course. Avoid taking this guy
The whole semester i got all my grades between 85-95's but the last test the average for it was a 22, out of a 100! i got a 65 and asked maybe if he could give us extra credit or some sorta curve. he insisted on replying, "sure, your extra credit is the final, study." don't even bother taking him he's awful!
I don't even know where to begin. The man is insane-- he should not be teaching. I still got an A- in his class. Basically you can fail everything but all you have to do is get an A on the final (which is not that easy) to get an A. I think he is so smart but he was not meant to teach. He needs prayer and lots of it.
If there was a way to fire him i would i hate him..anyone who says he is a good teacher..what is wrong with you? He is nothing but negative, i just got a 48 on the last test and i studied. I have an A in all my other classes. Professor Masterson should be locked up in a cage and do math problems for the rest of his life. He tries to trick you.
Horrible professor!!!! If death had a nickname, it would be MASTERSON!
Absolutely boring.
The worst professor at SHU.
Honestly the WORST professor I have ever had in my life, I took calc last year and I still can't seem to do well in his class. My average is a D (NEVER HAD A D IN MY LIFE!!!) His teaching method is all concept. That comment before about killing and drinking the blood of your GPA COMPLETELY TRUE!!!!! DO NOT TAKE HIM EVER!!!!!!
Okayyyyyyyyyyyyyy! here it goes....this is your GPA before taking his class 4.0 :) and this is your GPA after taking his class 2.5 :(.....he will kill and then drink the blood of your GPA!
He is a horrible teacher. I was placed in this class my first semester and had to retake it the following semester. I would fall asleep in every class and bang my head on the desk. He knows he's bad that's why he says he'll pass you no matter what you get in his class as long as you pass the final. Hope his salary isn't coming out of my tuition!
This class was not that bad, the thing is you have to go to every class b/c if you miss 1 class its hard to catch up b/c he moves very quickly through the material. He speaks so fast its hard to understand what he says, just pay attention. The tests and quizzes are all from the h.w.
this guy needs to be in a mental insitution...worst human being ever...i wont even get on his skills as a professor...its not worth it
by far the worst guy on the planet. he has a big head with very thick lenses..this guy is absolutely terrible....not helpful or smart...very ulgy and hateful..he will do everything to fail u...Stay Away
The worst teacher on campus. Graded tests way to hard. Was ineffective in class and extremely boring talking way to fast. I learned more in a 2 hour review session than I did the whole semester.
this guy is the worst professor on the planet..he's also one of the ugliest...the hardest thing about this course is passing...this guy will do everything in his power to fail you and fail you miserably....DO NOt and i repeat DO NOT take him
This guy is the worst. Do not take master joe. I am telling you he sucks and he does not help you. If you take him and you have read this you are dumbass.Ok. Am telling you do not take him he is the worst.
Do NOT! I repeat, DO NOT take this class. The Masterjo is the worst teacher I have ever had. He's boring, he rushes through the book, very unclear, and ridiculously hard grader. He is also always arguing with students because he is unfair and mean to the students.
Amount of new material covered in class An: An=1-999*An-1...
The class is terrible. It is so hard to figure out what is going on because since he knows everything so well he flies through every example problem at super speed.
I was very good in math, enjoyed it, and planned on majoring in it until I took his class. He was my Worst Teacher
He is extremly confusing a horrible teacher and a harsh grader. WARNING do not take this class at any cost expecially not in the morning. If you already know your stuff you might have a chance at passing!
probably one of the smartest teachers yet at the same time the worst at teaching. Never take him. EVER!
This guy is plain awful!!!!!!
Don't take this class unless you want a crappy GPA and no teaching!
HE DOESNT EXPLAIN ANYTHING VERY GOOD, HE GOES THOUGHT THE PROBLEMS LIKE IT IS ALREADY KNOW BY THE STUDENTS, AND WHEN U ASK FOR HELP HE USUALLY DOESNT HELP VERY MUCH.
This teacher does not know how to teach and he has no clue what he will collect as homework until the day it is due.
You know what? I hate math now...with a passion, he's a GPA dropper and a horrible teacher, i'm not sure anyone in the entire class liked him, even the ones who sucked up a lot...
Worst professor I've ever had. Hates when you ask questions. Severely damaging to GPA. Would rather poke my eyes out than take his class again.
He looks like a crown; if math not your favorite subject, don't take him.
worst teacher i've ever had.... absolutely horrible
masterson is a horrible person has no heart and cant teach i hope he burns
i would rather burn and die before taking him
Keeps you over time, takes points off , gives a lot of hw! Never take Him please
he sucks the life out of the subject
hard class
Worst Teacher ever Good Grader though
I would roll my face in broken glass before ever taking him as a teacher again.
why do people write that Tony "cares for students?" As a student, who wants to be "cared for?" Maybe those students should be psychology majors instead.
yes, he gives of his time generously. but his time isn't worth anything so who cares? He is a complete joke. his "experience" consists of his own pathetic trading. his class is like play-time in middle school. actually, given that he stays popular by ONLY giving takehome exams, i bet a middle-schooler could pass the same was many pass: cheating!
IF you want to be in the business world, DON'T take Tony. Yes he cares but he hasn't done anything and has no practical knowledge. WHO CARES ABOUT STOCK PICKING? Thats all he knows....and nobody cares except for people who just want to be entertained.
He cares more about being liked than about teaching. This class is a piece of cake....perfect for the lazy students, until you get to later classes and can't keep up.
I took Tony for an easy A. I got just that. Then in later classes I found that I had absolutely no idea what was going on. the students that took Marks got MUCH better grades in other classes because they actually learned something. non-finance majors should take Tony and finance majors should take marks. Tony will be a friend but not impart wisdom
I agree "this guy is a clown" and "there are a lot of idiots among us who like clowns." This guy repeats himself on obvious and can’t explain the difficult concepts and at times is really weird and strange.
This guy is a clown! There are a lot of idiots among us who like clowns.
Be prepared for mood swings and nonsensical rambling if you take one of his classes. And don't think you're going to learn anything either.
WORST TEACHER EVER! I agree! Has no training in finance.
TERRIBLE
WORST TEACHER EVER! Very hard and unrewarding, makes fun of students. Very weird, has no idea what hes talking about just rants about nothing at all yet teaches NOTHING and expects MASSIVE homework done HIS way or NO way. UNFAIR GRADER
His nicety is a cover-up for his incompetence!
His degree is in economics, has no research papers in finance, does anyone know why he is he teaching finance, that he doesn't know!?
Builds resumes with publications, which has never been published.
Down with the king!
I ate the best Pizza in his class!
Not clear on papers. Said everything looked good, but still game a bad grade. Do not trust his comments on your papers.
he didn't really help me that much with what i needed help with, vague comments
We used to try to guess how many time this guy said "um" in class. We counted. It was up to like 1,100 one day. Ridiculous. He was also a jerk and did not know how to convey his knowledge to the class. Grr.
I hated this man...i wrote about the holocaust and because he is jewish...he gave me a 1.5 thanks a lot Dick
a nice man but for the love of god can he talk about something to do with history?!!!!he rambles, making it impossible to take notes....i took the class and have maybe 10 pages of notes for the whole semester! a big snore...take him only if u like to sleep or like men who resemble col.sanders
Explained the importance of the positioning of a staple on the final term paper for 20 minutes!!! Tends to blabber and ramble on about a particular subject for unreasonable amounts of time. Attendence policy is ridiculous and child-like.
boring + nazi-like attendence policy.
The overhead projector is the new chalkboard for this man. BORING!
This man has actually spent 30 minutes telling us why the Plague was bad.
Values his ego more than helping his students learn. Will take any opportunity to make you feel dumb or embarrass you. Entire grade is based on 3 exams and one project. Constantly needs validation from his students but never takes advice to heart. Exams are all written and impossible bc you have to guess what will be on them out of ALL the readings
His lectures are life lessons and not helpful for exams, but attendance is required (you get to miss 3). Wastes 4 weeks on pointless group presentations. Every exam is hard unless you are a history nerd. He loves to intimidate and make fun of students like it's a hobby. He is constantly seeking validation but is not truly open to student opinion.
Not a fan of his teaching style, as it is very economics based. He gives good lectures, but that is about it. He claims to care about his students but he also was unwilling to let me make up an exam due to a death in the family.
No. Just no.
Extremely rude and made from of students to their face from day one. My peers and I were made to feel stupid repeatedly and he should not be a professor. I'm not one to get offended easily but he gets off on people hating him. Not many grades go into the grade book so if you don't do well on one you aren't gonna get a good grade. Horrible guy 0/10.
While Brian gives really good lectures, that is the only thing he really has going for him. Your grade is based on 2 exams, a final, and a paper. In addition, he spends a lot of class trying to intimidate you and make you feel like you don't know anything. I would not recommend this class to anyone, including the thick skinned.
Well. I am in the class now and I am here to say, avoid him. Social problems is a very interesting class but not the way he does it. Hes a stickler for you being in the class but the lectures dont help with any exam. The questions on the exams are hard and even with the reading, hell ask a question but make it so your work doesnt matter.
I had one class period with him and I am dropping the class right now. He is extremely rude and will antagonize and humiliate you. Do not take.
Phillips was quite rude for the duration of the course. His teaching style is not accessible to all students, as he lectures by mouth only and is against repeating himself. Being graded on only 3 tests and a paper for the year is not a fair representation of learning as the tests are the most obscure questions possible.
He was extremely rude and intimidating and didn't seem to care if his students understood the course material.
DO NOT TAKE A CLASS WITH THIS MAN! Worst professor at GVSU
By far one of the WORST professors I've taken at GV. He's not only rude to his students, but he takes points off for small things. If you email him, he takes a point off your final grade. Your entire grade is composed of about 3 exams that are so hard that it's almost a guaranteed bad grade. Do NOT take this class with this professor.
I was in class for 2 minutes and he already made me cry
Seriously do NOT take him! I have loved all of my professors at GV. He is by far the worst. People either love or hate him. He talks down to everyone and makes us feel dumb. I cannot express how much I disliked him
when you receive your schedule and it says "Brain Phillips" SWITCHING OUT IS THE ONLY OPTION! I cannot stress enough that you need to get out while you still can. This man has emotional issues that he clearly takes out on the students and tries to make our lives harder because he just can. He is not willing to help out and simply sucks. SWITCH OUT!
If you register for this course and get Brian Phillips, SWITCH PROFESSORS IMMEDIATELY!!!! If you have a question about a reading or a lecture, you CANNOT email him. He specifically tells his students to never to email him. Tests are super specific and not relevant to social problems whatsoever. Only grades you receive in his class are test grades.
This could be a really great class with a different Prof. Brian does more disservice to most students as opposed to good. He does not "teach" this course. What you learn will be what you "teach" yourself. There's really no point in having him in there and having to deal with his antics and poor behavior.
This prof. likes to talk about himself a lot. All you do in this class is read(which he doesn't ever go over), and take notes that are verbal(no use of board, power points, etc.). Then your entire grade is based on 3 tests that are very difficult. Do not take him unless you absolutely have to!
A ton of reading. For a 200 level course it is very difficult. Grades very hard.
Get ready to watch this guy spend the entire class period stroking his ego, informing listeners how much harder his life has been and how ignorant students are. The theatrics are never ending (and hardly entertaining). His unorganized teaching style, brutal grading, merciless attendance policy, and Napoleon-esq "charisma" are far from endearing.
Puts his hands on your desk, contorts face & yells and stares straight in your eyes to make a point.Embarasses & intimidates the shy women.lowers grade every time if you ask about your grade. Only teacher out of 18 teachers I've had who is like this.How can he stay being a prof? It's so uncharacteristic of Grand Valley to have a prof like this.
People mistake Brian's classroom antics for good teaching. I read a lot, memorized a lot and learned little. Brian needs to cool down the hostility and actually teach.
This professor is extremely difficult. He tests on about 4 pages out of 200+ pages of reading, which is never discussed in class. Memorization over comprehension. Extremely confrontational and doesn't create a learning atmosphere. Since this class is only taught by this professor and is needed for the major, good luck - just keep rereading.
Whatever entertainment you get out of watching your professor make an a** of himself doesn't make up for how ridiculous this class was. There is a substantial ammount of readings that show up on the exam but are never discussed in class. He has anger and ego problems.
Major ego problem. Talked about things that were inappropriate for class and claimed it was to show deviance (seems more likely he was bragging about certain "accomplishments"). Talks down to students, looks for acceptance. Not understanding of absences even if you want to prove they were legitimate. Makes unfair assumptions and plays favorites.
A really, really, really, hard class. Don't take it if you don't need it. Tests are impossible to pass. Don't be like me and wish you would have dropped the first day!!! Your GPA will be killed and your other classes will suffer from all of the work you have to do for this one.
He is an entertaining professor...but that doesn't make the class worth taking. The exams are essays and don't test you on what you learn and there is a lot of lists to memorize. you don't know what exactly will be on the exam, so you have to memorize everything, even though only 5% of your notes will be used for the exam.
WAY HARD! This class is a GPA killer. Even if you get a good grade in his class, your grades in your other classes will go down because of the workload.
Brian is the worst Professor I have ever had. He will NOT help you out on the endless reading and will randomly not show up for his office hours. He swears in class out of anger constantly and makes a really uneasy environment to work in, in and out of the classroom. That one class you have that makes all your classes harder is his. DON'T DO IT!
Imagine Danny Bonneduce but with the authority to test and grade you. He teaches with a unique combination of buddy-buddy and intimidation. He ruined the class for me. He either doesn't understand the material or can't explain it well, not sure which. If you want to have a little fun, ask him a question and watch him side-step it like a politician.
stay away from this class (and instructor) lest you brave any of the following: major demonstrations of illusions of grandeur, reading 100+ pages of what amounts to an economics book for a 5 question test, and/or, most likely damaging your GPA... Good Luck!
Phillips is horribly hard. He gets off on piling too much information into one course. His tests are nearly impossible. If you want to get made fun of for being a Christian and living in West Michigan than take this course. If not, don't. If New York is so great, than he should go back there.
He is full of B.S. Very unprofessional. Avoid of at all possible
he is a jerk. Full of himself. Worst class I ever took. Got a good grade but hated the class. He care about no one but himself. He thinks he is great but he his so far from it!
He acts like he's in a movie. Very dramatic and full of himself. "Subtly" sneaks in stories of how he beat someone up or told someone off. He tries to act like a non-conformist and then proceeds to demand verbatim answers from the textbook. He
Class is total bull. Prof is full of himself and acts unstable.
Moody and unstable, major chip on his shoulder.
Very manipulative. Tries too hard to be funny and liked. Not professional
Manipulates students, biased and unprofessional.
He is full of himself, typical short man syndrome. Don't take this class
Worst class ever. I'd rather get hit by a car than take that class again...getting a headache just thinking about it.
He started out posting our stuff on blackboard in some sort of spreadsheet, but then slowly drifted off into less & less communication. I never really knew what my grade was until 2 wks. after the class had ended. Unfortunately I made the Dean's List, but it wasn't posted thanks to his slow performance. Jumped through hoops just to clear it all up.
HATED every minute of this class. Very anti-Christian and wasn't respectful of the students views if they didn't fit his own. Group is pointless. tests are full of trick questions. It seems his goal is to fail every student.
His class is fun & entertaining, but his TESTS SUCK!
I don't know what happened to prof Thompson. He has great reviews but this semester was awful. Extremely hard grader for being a 100 class. Extremely monotone and boring. Expects you to know everything without teaching anything. 2 pop quizzes. Takes this class way to seriously. Read the whole book if you want a chance to pass. Awful awful awful.
Knows His stuff, but cannot speak in plain English. Tries to hard to look smart. Class is much too difficult than what it should be.
so hard, doesnt really go through test material too well
Grumpy and always mad. treats class as if they do not know anything. you basically teach urself, he doesnt help you at all.
He does not teach the class at all, I had to teach myself. He reads off of the slideshows and gets annoyed when you ask questions. He will call on people at random and is not accessible outside class. He responds days after you email him and with vague responses. He gives homework assignments every week and that's the only way to keep a good grade.
Already knew content of course, so wasn't difficult. Prof. Gross has firm "no extensions" policy - literally had to argue with him to give extension on assignments I missed since I transferred to his section a week into semester. Doesn't explain things well & is very inflexible, and doesn't seem to care about students. DO THE HW or you will fail.
He always gave tests. On the exams it was things we never learned. He expects you to teach to teach yourself. BEWARE of POP Quizzes! You need to study every night even if you do not have any tests coming up. Some may like people like Prof. Gross but he was not my cup at tea.
His class is so hard. My entire school career, I had A's in math and his class was unbearable. He gives us lectures and everything on the test is not what he taught us. If you ask him questions he gets mad and looks down at you. I basically taught myself in his class. The homework sometimes was 80 questions, taking me hours to do. I was not a fan.
My time with Professor Gross was absolutely terrible. He wasn't considerate at all, and instead of encouraging students to learn and show them how to do certain things, he just calls them out for not knowing what to do. Here's a reality check for ya Professor: Math isn't everyone's forté so stop bringing people down and show them what to do.
Gross scared me. He is big and intimating. He calls on you randomly. If you don't understand, good luck. He is a scary dude. I do not recommend him at all. If you see that you get him, run for the hills. He won't help you if you need help. At one point I had a D in his class and I worked so hard. He was an annoying dude.
I had to teach myself everything in this class. He is incredibly boring and reads off his slides. Its a real insult to math which should be always fun and interesting. To all the people failing algebra you really have no excuse cause you could just go to kahn accademy or something.
How do I explain him in one word? HORRIBLE!!!
The only thing I have to say is..... I'm sorry to all that have him
He was a real piece of garbage. I was in school for 20 years and he was the worst teacher I've ever had. If you need help, he is just so rude. Even if you get help, he is mean and grumpy. I'm sorry to all those in his class. Remember, everyone in the class is going through the same thing.
Was not a fan. I do not request him.
He is the meanest person I have ever met. He expects the most unrealistic things. Every teacher I have ever had passed me except for him. He doesn't know anyone's names and he does not respect others. I hope I ever see him again. :(
Gross is just a mean guy and someone who gets mad when people dont understand or dont like his teaching style. Although I passed, the class itself was him yelling at us when someone didn't do well on a test.
DONT TAKE HIM!!He's the WORST teacher I've ever had! He refuses to help you even if you stay after class. He doesn't teach. His tests have nothing to do with what youre learning in class. If you wanna try and pass DONT TAKE HIM!
He is a horrible teacher. He doesnt explain anything, like what section we are doing! He talks down to everyone and says bad things to the entire class. He sucks.
This guy is definitely not cool...he definitely makes you feel stupid if you don't know an answer or do poorly...he has a big problem trying to communicate the information (he knows what he's talking about but can't explain****)
He's horrible. I feel like all I did was go to his office hours where he would make me feel like even more stupid. He even made me cry! If you ever have him, be sure to go to wachsmuth if you ever need help, cause gross won't help ya!
loves to make you feel stupid when he asks questions and you don't answer right. tests are made to trick you and to make sure you don't pass.try to make every attempt to not have to take him
Do not take him. If you are struggling, he wont help you at all, and he loves to treat you like you don't know anything.
This instructor was condescending and not helpful
Awful!!! Boring Class. Doesn't teach. Only use calculator. Do not explain. I went to all A+ reviews and still didn't do good. He grades on a group average curve if you are below even if you are "passing" you fail to get a c.
Not everyone with an indian accent is smart. Very thick accent you can't understand at all. I'm not sure what happened with the rater below but I just remember having a hard time understanding him.
he sucks. good thing he's retiring. he does not respond to emails and i doubt he double checks your scantron for errors. he's all about punching numbers on a calculator like a trained monkey! if u take him, make SURE you got to A+ review.
Very bad teacher doesn't want to help, doen't answer emails, all about the $120 calculator
Sachdeva teaches simplistic individual concepts. His teaching method does not combine concepts as his exams require! Sachdeva's inability/refusal to teach effectively is undermining student goals!!U have to teach uself to combine concepts,or fail.......
Sachdeva is useless if you really want to learn finance. The only thing you learn in his class is how to punch keys on a calculator. Look for an excellent private tutor if learning finance is your goal.
What an ****, all about the bloody calculator, have to try and remember out of over a hundred formulas which one to use for the cumulative final. Stay clear.
Bad teatcher , do not help at all....hard tests and A+ review do not help a lot.
this class is the work,teacher is hard to understand and spends all class time on problems he makes up and helping people with their calc. worthless class,not enough time to take tests.
very hard tests
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS I attended extra credit concerts, got A's and B+'s on the weekly exams, and got 100% on both papers. HOWEVER I got a 14/25 on the final BECAUSE IT IS SO HARD and went from a 96 to an 82. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS you WILL NOT DO WELL BECAUSE OF THE MIDTERM AND FINAL. It is no longer easy and he is rude and enjoys music beinghard
I hate this guy. He is extremely egotistical and pathetic. He makes you listen to cds of the jazz greats that he compiled himself that have a couple of tracks of him thrown in them. his lectures are meaningless. his tests are extremely difficult. i cant stand him. needs to retire!!!
This class is easy but the teacher is lame. He is sooooo crazy. Music is his life and he expects it to be yours too. If you want an A take the class but have as little communication with the professor as possible.
His tests are pretty hard, but if you study your notes and go to class everyday you should be able to pass his tests. He isn't very helpful to the students, nor is he funny, which he tries too hard to be, but if you're willing to go to his class everyday and go to extra credit concerts, you could easily get a B.
reg: retort to belittle ppl comment: I did practice my part. he didn't yell at me. he yelled at this poor fat kid who shouldn't have been playing lead trp and who wouldn't stand up for him self. i had no problem except that i was too good for his lame ass band.
This guy bugs the heck outta me!!!
he knows, deepdown, that he's a fraud behind the trombone. he tries to compensate for his lack of knowledge about and ability for improvisation by lifting his leg...much like a urinating dog...while playing. i've seen him mock undeserving students and tear
The best professor at SDSU?
finals comperhensive, do the extra cr if class is hard for you, lecture are borning, no quizes just exams the first 2 exams are easy, exam #3 hard and so is the final, do take him if you don't have to take mus 345 with DR. Donald M
Annoying man. Would often go on tangents that had nothing to do with jazz. Didn't learn anything in his class. Don't take him!!!
Awesome??? Knowledgeable???
doesn't matter what major you're in, he just makes you feel like Jazz is the num 1, won't help much office's hrs, 100 YEARS-OLD TEST !!!
Cool dude?Are you guys kidding?If he doen't like you,he'll chase you awa
He was late to class often and did not apologize.
Just awful, thankfully I already understood the material because he certainly didn't. Very unclear in his "lectures" and was wrong half the time he actually made sense. Easy class, aggravating to listen to him.
Makes relatively simple material very confusing and frustrating. Boring! Go to class and get free attendance points though! Sucks that it is a required class because he sucks as a teacher
Oh my...avoid this man at all costs, especially if you understand the course material. Several minutes in his mind-numbing lectures will cause severe negative-learning. Seriously. Completely unorganized and spends hours on simple explanations.
Don't take his class.You'll regret it.Trust me.
even the TAs don't like this guy. DON'T GO TO CLASS. It will confuse you. You can only learn by doing, which is why I only go to lab and still have an A. Plus the TAs rock my world. they are totally cool and helpful.
I hated this class and learned nothing. If you do the homework, go to the labs, and have some idea what your doing on the test you'll get a decent grade. As for actually doing the homework....its not what you know, its who you know (seriously).
The man has a gift ot explaining intuitive concepts in counter-intuitive ways. His lectures are a mess and his slides are mind-bending.
absolutely horrible... extremely rude and can't teach for the life of him. As absolutely no patience for people who do not understand.
Horrible.
terrible teacher. boring. hard not to sleep through his class, but you are forced to go even if you know the material because he will throw pop quizzes on the day that everyone has two midterms in other classes.
Avoid at all cost...... didn't learn a thing from his class
you wouldn't know that he's a family man by the way he kills students via exams
Worst profesor ever. He was rude when my family member passed away.
Very mean to students
This guy has a big attitude problem. Don't expect him to seem to care.
One of the worst classes I have ever taken, lectures do not pertain to anything useful. Class is unstructured and disorganized. None of the assignments have anything to do with what is discussed in lectures. Do not take this class if you are looking for an interesting/easy class. There are no tests, just two papers that you are not well explained.
This was the worst class I've ever taken. The grading was horrible. Assignments were easy, but the professor never allowed anyone to get full credit. Also, participation MATTERS in a class of 180 people and clicker questions count. I received an A on the term paper, assignments and final, and I still got a B in the class because of participation.
He is so difficult to understand nothing, he says is cohesive, he always goes off on tangents, has no useful information on his powerpoints and spends most of class just babbling.
If you've ever seen the movie jumper that is what Frank's brain does. His assignments are super ambiguous it's like you make up your own prompt. His lectures are extremely boring and he goes till the end of class. You will not get let out early. He talks way too much.
His class was the easiest course I took last semester. The work load is super light and there is basically no effort to pass the class. The only tests we have are take home exam papers and clicker questions that I guessed on. I haven't learned a single thing but I got an A- in the class. His lectures are boring though, mostly just browsed the web.
Super scatterbrained, confusing train of thought during lectures. Uses clickers for attendance. NEVER responds to emails. Would not recommend
AVOID. Class is easy but it's not even worth it. All he does is ramble and changes due dates on a whim without fixing the syllabus. Completely disorganized and has the most useless powerpoints I have ever seen.
This teacher is ridiculous. He jumps around on material all the time. Also it's not really a modern world history course...it's just a big tirade of corporate globalization with a few historical films sprinkled in. The teachers a nice guy overall but he doesn't actually grade any of your work his TA does. NOT a good GE history course for anyone.
This class is an absolute waste. The text book is cheap and is required we read it in order to do well on the test I can say I passed the class without reading a single page in the textbook.He is so disorganized and when you ask a question he yells at you for not understanding.You'll fail because he is disorganized. Very easy class,terrible teacher
Useless class for me. All we do in class is read through powerpoints which is very boring. Its not even the HISTORY i was expecting. Its all THEORY. And he is OBVIOUSLY liberal because he's so biased in his opinion. says stuff like 'Christians are destroying the world'.. HAHA what a joke. AND spent money on a textbook NEVER used. Have fun guys lol
I took this course with the expectation of learning about History, but Nobiletti teaches his class like its a science class. All he talks about is evolution and the future, and his powerpoints are overpacked with information and he doesn't explain anything well. He is very confusing and changes his mind a lot about due dates. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS
I got an A in this class, but it was probably my least favorite class of the semester. He's super disorganized (his TA quit because of it at the end of the year) he taught his opinion and jumped all over the place while lecturing. You have to show up and take as many notes as u can catch. l would not recommend this class!
most horrible teacher ever. so annoying. rambles about pointless stuff. assignments are pointless. he hardly discusses history whatsoever. he should be an econ prof cuz all he talks about is corporations and his own opinions. doesnt explain things well. unorganized. rude and unhelpful when you email him. do not take this class!
I'm really good at history and loved the world history class i took in high school, but i honestly did not learn anything in this class. Nice guy but he rambled on in his lectures, was NEVER on topic. It got so bad i just stopped going to class..whole class was revolved around gay rights, corporations and globalization..i dont suggest you take him
WORST class/teacher I have had at SDSU. So unorganized, rambles about useless information. I didn't learn 1 thing all semester. Gives useless assignments and you never receive grades for your work. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!
Where to start. well this class is easy, but SUPER BORING. dont think your getting a interesting sexuality class, cause your not! this class should be called history of homosexuality. like everyone else says, he rambles and its useless, and hes unorganized...im sure the people who didnt show up as much as i did are still getting at least a B+.
He likes to ramble off and gets distracted very easily. The class i signed up for was supposed to be world history, but all we taked about in class was space, agriculture, and stuff like that. He is very confusing BUT class is very easy...1 term paper and 1 midterm, 1 final and offers lots of ExCr. He has a syllabus, but doesn't really follow it.
You'll either love him or not give a crap about him. Pros- Easy A, nice guy, cares about what he does. Cons- Not very clear, "odd" assignments, rambles at times and goes off topic. He is nice and does want his students to do the same but the class can be boring. Just because you don't like him doesn't make you a bigot/homophobe; grow up people.
Class is SO boring. Had to purchase quite a bit of material for pointless readings. All he ever talks about is the history of homosexuals. His language is very inappropriate and disrespectful. I would NOT recommend this class.
Easy A, but lots of pointless reading and horribly dull lectures. Nobiletti focused on gay sexuality for 99% of the class, and he really wants everyone to be gay like him. Overall: super boring, he's obsessed with saying "f*ck", and he is retarded. Avoid if possible.
I took this class as General Ed. He thinks that you can read 2 chapter before each class. Takes attendence and gives daily reading quizzes that are ridculous. He doesn't leacture. His midterm is a deate or take home test do the debate its easier. Final was take home. Do the extra credit it helps. He is unorganized. Have to go see outside films and
I thought i'd be super interested in the topic.. but this guy is just noooo fun... class is boring... readings aren't exciting... tells u the quizzes aren't graded all the time.. then grades every single one... i would recommend NOT taking this class...i got a B + in the class... but it still sucks.
terrible teaching skills seems to favor guys in grading.
Professor Gardner was the worst professor I've ever had UD. She thought our lives revolved around her class and expected us to drop everything to complete the work in this class. She has also been rude multiple times, I would not recommend taking any of her classes.
Nothing was good enough unless it came out other own mouth. Very tough grader. Asked her to release her comments on our final presentation (that she said she would release) so we could use them to write the final paper, and she told me to get the critiques from my group member who took notes. Nobody took notes on the entire 20 minute critiques
Needed to take this class for my minor and it ended up being the hardest class in my schedule. Makes everything confusing, contradicts herself, uses class time for guest speakers instead of lecturing, and changed the formats of tests 11 weeks into the course.
Dr. Gardner is the worst professor I've ever had, and that's saying something. The material isn't difficult at all, but she is the worst at trying to answer questions you may have for anything, especially for the huge group project you are assigned. She is extremely rude as well. I honestly think she never liked me from the start.
I truly believe that Dr. Gardner could make learning the ABC's difficult. Going into this class I figured intro to marketing would be an easy A and that the professor didn't really matter "How hard could it be? it's marketing!". Boy was I wrong.
She absolutely sucks at teaching and listening to her is like listening to nails scrape against a chalk board. I would never take this class again because I had to teach myself everything. She always left me and my classmates wondering what we had to do for assignments because she rambles on about random stuff the whole time. Shes the WOAT
Dont do it
If you have the chance to get another professor, do it. She doesnt cover over half of the material on her exams. You dont have to pay attention in class, just memorize concepts and figures from the textbook and youll do fine on the exams (she dropped one exam for my class). She also gives really vague instructions for the group project.
This teacher is hard to understand and you can't learn from her lectures. She struggles getting her point across. there is a group project where she praises on of her former student's project, but if you follow it exactly like hers, she will tell you it's wrong. The project is too in detailed for an intro class and her exams are slightly difficult.
She does not know how to teach or outline material in class that we are going to be tested on. If you have an idea for the group project and it's not something she likes, she won't help you. Her lectures are scattered and disorganized and I regret not dropping this class when I had the chance. Take it from everyone else, do not take her class.
Dont bother taking her. There are much easier 301 professors that wont make you do such an extensive project with such specific criteria. Youre basically screwed if you get put into a bad group.
The worst professor I've ever had. She is awful and does not take feedback from students at all. Tough grader and is very unclear about all of her instructions. Do not take her
One of the worst Professors I've had here at UD. Rude & Obnoxious. Usually a quick exam taker but took the full time for all 3 exams. Most likely will still end up with a B+ or A- but try to avoid her at all costs.
Terrible teacher. Doesn't teach well or try to relate the material to the students. Unfair grader, and seems like shes there to help you but all talk, no action. If you have the option to take this class with another professor, DO IT.
Is really sweet and nice, but is a horrible teacher. Tries to cram all the hard stuff in the last 4 classes. Impossible project at the end. Don't expect a good grade.
really unfair grader. near impossible to get an A and if you get a C then thats kinda a victory. every time i stepped into this class a piece of me died inside.
makes the tests hard to prove that marketing is a hard major. focuses on minute details rather than the important concepts. dont really know what shes trying to prove. . .
Impossible to please and extremely disrespectful towards students. Tests are impossible to do well on, no matter how hard you study. Project is a complete waste of time. She writes in her syllabus that she hardly gives A's (i.e. never). Worst teacher at the university. Avoid at all costs!!!
Ok. She is unattractive. In the final people were yelling ****! She is hands down the worst professor/person I have ever met in my life. If you need to drop this class or be in school for another semester, do it to avoid her. shes that bad.
STAY AWAY!!!!
Worst professorat this university. Very unclear and grades extremely unfairly. Take this class with anybody else or you'll be screwed. The project is ridiculous and so her her stupid exams
One of the worst professors I have ever had. The project is very time consuming and the class is more like Statistics then Marketing.
Worst class ever, project extremely difficult and time consuming, too much emphasis on "teams", exams ok, difficult grader...AVOID!
horrible project, but every section has to do it. doesnt help much. notes and lectures CONFUSING! go to her office hours, she will try to help.
quite possibly the worst teacher at this school
tests aren't bad,grades too hard esp. on project, pointless class discusssion
Worst teacher, don't take her, grades way too hard for course level
Avoid her like the plague
Throughout this course it is heavily based on reading and writing. This professor expects extremely high levels of thinking and writing skills. In addition, this course is set up with four 100 point essays so it is extremely hard to determine your grade based on big assignments. If you are not an English major this class is probably not for you!
This class was very discouraging, overall I am an A/B average student. I currently have a D. He does not provide any real teachings on how to write a clear and cohesive critical approach essay. He expects Ivy League level critical thinking and is one of the harshes graders I've had, he is not a good professor to anyone who isn't an english major.
Expects Havard grad school level thinking. Have to read a book&stories without explanation/clarity, then write a deep level thinking discussion board based on selective prompts. The discussion board is the length of an essay and if your thoughts are not deep or different enough, you'll receive a poor grade. Very harsh grader. Hard to succeed.
Worst professor I had to deal with during the pandemic. Confusing directions with little to no interaction with the students. Im sure hes a perfectly fine teacher in person, but god forbid we end up in this situation again, avoid him at all costs.
No lecture unless you can squeeze in an 8pm zoom call once a week on the reading. Journals were easy, but he was nit picky on the actual essays. You basically teach yourself. He takes FOREVER to grade and feedback is subpar.
Awful grader, doesnt give feedback to help your grade.
Kurt is very much a passioniate teacher. However, like others on here have stated, he is stuck on himself and grades very hard. If he could get over himself for one minute, the classes he teaches would fill up much quicker. I wonder if he wonders why nobody will take his classes.
Spelling mistakes distracting "won't / want"; (") used for feet-should be ('). Emails confusing, excessive, and long - expect 1-3 page emails every two days on average. Reviewing and understanding emails is more than 75% of the effort. Online negotiation workshops are a waste of time and most make up scenarios/compromise prematurely to finish.
Expect to put in HOURS of reading just to understand the flow and expectations. Participation with individuals you never meet and do not respond creates excessive frustration. Postings are late and incorrect creating chaos and animosity between students. Do NOT expect direct responses from the professor for questions and topics you not understood.
So she was pretty helpful in stats, but terrible in precalc.So confusing. At least once during each class she'd get lost do the problem wrong and ask some smart kid to solve it for her. Terrible.
Horrible teacher! She was so bitter about the CSUB budget cuts that she said, "I am getting paid 10% less so I am going to teach you 10% less." She was rude, missed a lot of classes, cancelled a week plus furloughs. Horrible! Never take her classes!!
Once you are on her bad side you can't pass the class so just ask little questions and do the work
DO NOT! take Math 221,320, or 321 from her she hates teaching those classes. Her lectures are confusing she can't even understand her own lecture notes. She does not want to teach those classes they were dumped on her and it shows in her teaching. Her examples she makes up herself don't work. Learn more from reading the book.
Drives everyone in class nuts. Her tests are awful. Her reviews are useless.Explantions are not helpful. You could read the book and get the same info. She doesn't like teaching 221 or 320. She likes statsics more.
Horrible teacher, likes to hear himself talk, grades way too difficult, has a skewed bias opinion when he should be teaching unbiasedly. You will only learn about him and hispanic culture. It was more of a poor history course than an intro plsi course.
Plays favorites...finishes students sentences with his bias version of what student meant...not helpful in the least...very rude during non-office hours...way too arrogant
Very full of himself. Gets a****erse thrill out of having students call on each other for questions. Would rather listen to himself talk than anyone else.
He is very insulting to students with questions or opinions. He treats college freshmen like high school students.
Dr. Martinez has difficulty clearly presenting his lectures.
I had Yantek for Politcal Methods. I wish I wouldn't have taken the course with him. For someone with NO statistics experience, the course was horrible. He is all over the place with his lectures, and you can take all the notes you want but you won't be able to comprehend them. Does not care if the whole class is failing, he will not help you out.
THE WORST PROFESSOR AT KENT STATE. HE IS VERY RUDE AND VERY UNHELPFUL. I WILL NEVER TAKE A CLASS BY THIS PROFESSOR AGAIN
Condescending. RUDE.
I found this professor to be extremely opinionated and disrespectful and the information he presented in his online class highly questionable. In my case, asking for clarification on his rules only made it worse and his rules more unintelligible.
Completely condescending and rude. I took him online in the summer, and it's an easy way to ruin your summer. I took American Politics, which is an intro-level class, but he treated it like we we're Poli Sci majors. My email interactions with him made me incredibly upset because of how rude he was. Avoid at all costs. Horrible and not helpful.
I had him for political methods. Terrible professor. The average grade on the first test was an F. He is not clear in his expectations and loves to fail students because he thinks "kids these days have it too easy." DROP ASAP. It's not worth ruining your GPA. I regret having him. It's not worth pushing yourself to the limit just to get a C.
He is rude, snarky, abrasive, condescending, arrogant, and an overall jerk. He is a professor I would never recommend to anyone for any reason. Political Science is my major and I have had many instructors who were difficult he is not at all like them. The class I'm rating is freshmen level, he has no concept of fairness. JERK!!!!
Yantek's American politics course is very difficult. Make sure you read the books for his class because half of his exams cover material from the book. Do not miss any of his classes!
Will not pass you!
lectures are all over the place. he changes the format to his exams every time. no study guide. tried my hardest on both exams and still failed both. does not give as or bs be thankful you might get a c-. grammar nazi. save your money and avoid. if you do take him agree with everything he says and if you are a republican avoid just avoid
I had to drop his class even after doing all the work.
Someone call a doctor! This man has a stick up his butt!!
I cannot believe this man got a single positive rating. He's disrespectful, nasty, unreasonable and downright miserable to deal with. I am OK with a challenging course but I am unwilling to put up with with someone who cannot be reasoned with. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. Easily worst pols professor i've ever had.
Anyone that gave this professor a positive rating is probably Yantek himself. He doesnt believe in giving A's or B's and his lectures are all over the place. The University needs to do themselves a favor and get rid of this guy! Enter his classes at your own risk!!
TERRIBLE PROFESSOR! His exams are next to impossible even if you study he is also an extremely tough grader! Aside from his inability to teach, he is also very rude and disrespectful. Avoid him at all costs!
I had to withdrawl from this class. What a terrible grader. He thinks he's the smartest guy in the world, not very welcome to any other opinion.
Not as smart as he thinks he is. While I got my Master of Arts in Poliical Science, this guy nearly made me change major. One of my worst professors of all time!
awful. stay away
All I can say is: What a jerk!
This class was very hard. Exams are horrible. The content was interesting but I would recommend taking the class with a different professor.
This guy is a jerk. Students will raise their hand in class and he looks right at them and ignores them. One student was raising his hand for several minutes and the professor continued to ignore him. He tries to trick you on the exams.The exams are essay format multiple choice and the review questions do not provide an accurate outline of the test
Try to avoid this teacher as much as possible. Had class on tues and thurs with him and he gave 12 pop quizes. Had to buy 7 books, and read all 7, for the class. Both the midterm and the final were bluebook tests. I am not sure how he gets to teach so many classes.
Unreasonable, refuses to listen to students, (very) unapproachable. Needs to end the power trip.
I can't believe that this guy is the head of the department, since everyone will tell you he hates undergrads! He thinks he is an English prof. also, 5 page limit on the paper, and then rips you apart for not going in depth enough! Just interested, also, if anyone knows if he curves in Poli Econ?
One of my all time worst teachers. This guy has NO business TRYING to teach stats. If you have to take stats and he is teaching it take it from another department.
one of the top 3 worst professors I've ever had. He is completely biased & ignorant.
Waste of time. Try to get another professor if you can.
All of his courses should be titled: How I Plan to Convert You to Being a Liberal Democrat
She was by far the worst professor I have ever had. She never answered my emails, never answered student questions, and her lectures were so incredibly boring. I had to drop the class halfway through because how terrible it was and how horrible of a professor she was. I would HIGHLY recommend changing sections ASAP!
Not understanding of students, awful lectures, and she goes warp speed. So rude and unprofessional.
To be short and frank, she is not a good professor. Considering the circumstances (online due to Corona), I tried to cut her some slack, but she has not made learning macroeconomics any easier for her students. She cannot explain any of the material and lectures consist of her reading from the textbook and playing videos we already watched for HW.
SHE REQUIRES YOU TO SHOW UP, EVEN THOUGH YOU ONLY GO OVER THE BOOK, WHICH YOU COULD EASILY DO YOURSELF!
This class was the biggest waste of my time. She read through the online mindtap textbook every class. Graded assignments are posted a few hours after the class and are due the next day at midnight. She did not know how to answer questions, she would just restate what you asked. If you can, I would suggest choosing a different professor.
The lecture aren't mandatory and are pretty useless since she rambles for half of the lecture time about examples that don't make sense to the unit. The homework is cumbersome, but it isn't particularly hard. Overall not a very good teacher, and someone who I wouldn't recommend.
Very, very bland. Uses a poorly designed online course, teaching style is "unique" to say the least. Get out before its too late.
The assignments are not well explained and she does a poor job of working through the lecture. Would recommend finding a different professor.
Worst professor ever. The lectures are USELESS but attendance is 20% of your grade. Homework is 50% of your grade and she unlocks assignments not even 48 hours before they're due. Even if you do well on assignments, the final, and attendance. You're grade still probably won't be great because she makes it so the class average is 2.5.
Doesnt teach the material, then expects you to understand difficult problems that she doesnt even know how to explain or do. Avoid this professor she doesnt know what shes talking about or how to teach.
DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS. Lectures are useless, but you need to go for attendance points. She is impossible to learn from, and the homework doesn't help. Only 1 exam that counts for huge part of your grade.
Very boring lectures, iClicker will make your grade fall faster than you expect, and you only get 35 (yes, 35) hours to do an assignment from being posted to being closed.
She is the worst professor I've ever had. She flat out ignores questions and refuses to help. There is absolutely no point in going to class except she gives 70 points worth of iClicker questions every day. Avoid her at all costs. If you have to take her class and shes the only prof available, WAIT TO TAKE IT!!!
Amsler treats the class as a review for everyone. Her explanations are difficult to follow and the class is EXTREMELY DRY. She flies through slides and does not post them or allow pictures to be taken. There is a lot of homework and reading involved. Definitely the most difficult class I have taken so far. I would not recommend her.
She breezes through the material as if it's review for everyone. A lot of the time she posts graded iClicker questions that she has barely covered. Absolutely horrible; avoid at all costs.
She goes way too fast through the material
Honestly the worst professor I have ever had. She just reads straight from the slides and doesn't know how to explain anything or answer any questions. Gives iclicker quizzes but doesn't teach you how to answer them till after you take it and you get it wrong. Impossible to actually pay attention. She also wears 2 dresses the whole semester
She was AWFUL. i learned absolutely nothing, she wore the same 2 dresses every week and on top of that, you pretty much have to show up bc iclicker is such a huge part of your grade
only reads powerpoint that she didn't make. constantly repeats herself and wastes time. Unhelpful, I'm an economics major and i had a hard time figuring out what she was talking about. stopped paying attention to lectures and just read the book and did significantly better. good luck if you have her.
Do not take her if you have a choice. She knows her info. but cannot teach. The two exams aren't awful, but the class is. Do not take her if possible.
oh my god.... just say no
Worst professor ever. She doesn't teach and she won't answer questions. She thinks she's really funny, but in reality, she's the weirdest person in the world.
Where do I get started on this broad...
HORRIBLE!
The most PAINFUL course you could ever take!
All she does is read the damn overhead, if there is no overhead, she probably couldn't even teach, also doesn't explain how she get those number in the problems, also have so many quizzes and testes, and don't give student time to do them. She just sucks
she is buy far the worst teacher i have ever had in my life. her voice is so annoying also.
This prof is horrible.
Worst professor I have ever had
worst teacher I have ever had...wore the same thing every class
Terrible class! unhelpful and even if you do attend and read you can still fail
She makes the class sound easy but if you are not a fan of econ you will die!
Good at stimulating thought and discussion, but very poor at teaching. He leaves everything open in class, and he grades very strictly according to standards very different than what is explained in class. It's almost impossible to know what's expected on assignments, but he curves a lot, so passing isn't impossible.
He starts out saying something, then he will say other things that totally conflict his original statement. If you don't agree with him, your opinion is always wrong
could stand this guy and couldnt wait to finish the class!
WASTE OF TUTION MONEY! BLAH, BLAH, BLAH is his "philososhy" This guy has esteem issues ("Little Engine that Could")!? He retired, why can't the college ban him from still coming to class (notice I didn't say teaching).
I HATE HIM! IT WAS THE WORST CLASS I HAVE EVER HAD! RUN WHILE YOU STILL CAN!
do not take this class! the true and false questions are a paragraph long with words that incomprehensible. His notes don't make sense. It is impossible!
The teacher is all over the place in his lesson. He lost my final exam, would not accept responsibility for it and passed me only when i told him im going to the umbudsman to report him. Monotonous and droning, his students learn nothing and suffer for a semester in his class.
TESTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE...I WOULD ADVISE YOU NOT TO TAKE THIS CLASS W/ THIS TEACHER!!!
Worst prof I've ever had. Just loves the sound of his crazy voice.
This class is hard, get out if u can. He is a nice guy but man are the tests hard. I would not recommend this class to anyone.
if you like hawaii, baseball, or cy's mother then take cy's class. this was the most annoying class i took because you never feel like you are answering any question right. switch out of this class
Terrible Professor....His lectures are so boring and repetative its sickening. The exams are worded so difficultly, they are almost impossible to understand.
His test are nearly impossible to understand, switch out if you can. His an interesting person to listen to, but sucks at teaching.
I do not fail classes, but so far I am failing his class. He is the worst teacher I have ever had in my life. His vocab is so hard and no one understands what he says and he will NOT help you. I study so hard for this class and it doesn't help at all. If you can, SWITCH OUT OF HIM NOW! I'm not the only one that feels this way.
Horrbile teacher. Tests are unreadable and question are ridiculous. Rubbish.
Should keep up to date on current more's
He sucks! Unless his mother is covered on the exams in the future, you fail!
This man is a hypocrite
I decided to take two classes with Kebede this semester, WORST DECISION EVER. There is a paper every week and an exam every other week. He doesn't teach at all just assigns readings and expects students to understand the material the way he does. His exams are confusing and often contradict the class material/ study guide he provides. NEVER AGAIN!
Don't take his online class, ESPECIALLY during this pandemic. Totally unclear with his directions and doesn't provide clear feedback. Tests are difficult and study guides are confusing. Doesn't even teach, he just gives A LOT of readings and papers. To top it off, he's a VERY tough grader. I'm just taking this class because I have to. Horrible.
Gives study guides for the tests however, the tests are graded weird. The answers you put down are not the same answers you find in the study guide.
As an online professor, he basically didn't do anything but post the reading and the test. I didn't learn a thing. His Blackboard was very unorganized and it was hard to contact him. Waste of time and money.
I'll make this short and concise. Hard class. Explaining was bad. He talked about The Weeknd and Bieber. Test were really hard. Things on the test were things we didnt go over. Bad teaching. And he is the only one that teaches 301 & 302. Not good.
Went to his office hours to get clarity on his exams, and he was absolutely no help. It was so bad that a few of the students went to speak to the chair of the sociology department because Dr. Kebede seems like he was actually trying to fail his students. I have heard from other soc. majors that he is very tough. I would not recommend him online.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! He is honestly the WORST professor I have ever had! He is not helpful, his test are not what is in the book, and he is EXTREMELY tough. If you want to pass I would recommend you do NOT take this class with him. Maybe he is different in person for this class, but online he is the WORST teacher EVER!
I'd rather saw off one of my limbs with a rusty plastic butterknife than take another class with Kebede.
Everyone says he's so great, but he's really not. Take this w/ someone else if you can.
I DONT UNDERSTAND WHAT HE SAYS
i do not recommend
crappy class so boring makes me not want to attend
This guy was the worst professor I have ever had...If you want to have lot's of homework,be lied to,have your homework lost and be failed for his mistake, take his class.
Mr. Beeman assigns a rediculous amount of home work a week. He expects the equivelent of 10 chapters of reading a week to be completed He beleives hsi class is your only priority and should be your only focus. He starts out nice and willing to work with you but turns his back on you in the middle when you really need his help. He is a rude egotis
One of the worst professors I've ever had - unfair, unapproachable, unhelpful, unlikeable.
Ego-maniacal middle-aged woman. Avoid her class, there are other professors that care about students. Any good comments written about her should be discredited as postings by chosen pets.
There is a huge difference between challenging students and being unfair and bias. This professor is also very paranoid. She has major a attitude. You should be ok as long as you don't cross her or disagree with her in any way. Good luck if you are stuck at Avc and have to take her. The class would have been great had she not ruined it.
Tough on female students. Tests were okay.
she was hard and not helpful at all, it was confusing to take notes in her class.
too smart to teach, students are below her
His PHD status (pretty hyper demands) or (phenomenally hypocritical dissertational- method of study) was untouchable and completely unattainable in our first year at this institution, expecting us to come up to his standards. Personally, not a bad person overall, just needs some tlc.
When asked to explain something, he actually said "It's up to you to come up to my level, not for me to come down to yours!" He seriously needs to retire. His lectures are muddled and inconsistent. When he repeats sentences he has given, he uses different words. His is in his own world, and so is his pathetic assistant. The book sucked.
Too abstract. Test do not come from lecture or reading. Who knows what planet they come from. I will do everything possible to not ever take him again. Nice person, but that doesn't cut it. Teaches as if you were going for your PhD and not BA. Want good advice? don't take him unless you want his class to take over your life.
I think he thought we were in grad school! very hard, demanding on the reading.
DONT DO IT
HORRIBLE
This guy is the king of playing favorites. Get on his good side and you will notice amazing results. Overall, he is manipulative and his lectures are common sense. Course mirrors MGT 350. Easy B...A's reserved for favorites!
does not teach his students well. he always talks about empowerment, but does not know what goes the word empowerment stands for. does not allow creativity, so follow how he wants. expect a lot of in class and outside class activities. good luck.
Don't know what everyone is talking about, terrible teacher, pointless class, don't believe that "empowerment" garbage, in the end he still does what he wants. To be fair, I did get a "B" in the class but that doesn't mean it was a complete waste of time, and he DOES play favorites too, so GET ON HIS GOOD SIDE. Just avoid, he's just not pleasent.
Boo Glazer. The class is interpersonal process, and I thought the teacher needed the most insight into this subject. He is good for some, but the only thing I learned is that those who can't do teach... I advise against this professor.
avoid this guy...very creepy.
Just stay away...believe you me...stay away. Anyone else but this weirdo!
Not sure why I stayed in this class because the teacher is a complete ****. He said on the first day of class that women generally don't fair well in class....I was like...what the F?...Try to take someone else if possible.
Not great at what he does and can be rather crude with his language and his behavior.
This guy was a real SOB. His lectures were rather uninteresting and the assignments were useless. For the dream job assignment, his main goal is to tell you that what you want to do for a living is wrong for you and that you should do what he says. What an A-hole.
I don't know how I did it, but I pulled off a B! There must have been a huge curve! Tests really suck! Self-assessment paper not too bad, just be very detailed. Final was take home, again be specific! This man loves detail!
Does not know much for a PhD.
Much too hard for math phobics.
He is very unclear in his teaching style. He seems out of focus, foggy almost. I wouldn't recomend to anyone having trouble with math.
I really liked this professor, he is very nice, funny and sweet, but it was hard for me to focus on his class. I didn't liked the way the teach. If you are one of the persons that don't like to do homework and like to not pay attention in class, this is the perfect choice for you!
Very Sarcastic, doesn't explain things well at all and goes on before trying to explain.Very boring and just cocky.
Very short, rushes through things, and doesn't take time to help us understand.
This guy is the biggest math nazi, DONT TAKE HIS CLASS!! project was ridiculous!! Tests are not what is studied in book or class@!!!!!!
I didn't think he was that bad of a teacher, I took his astronomy class and learned a couple interesting things, he was nice. I got a B and learned what I could have done on my own in 30 minutes. that makes a good class for me!!!
STAY AWAY FROM THIS CLASS!!! This teacher is probably the worst i've ever had. Gives quizzes every day that 70-80% of the class usually gets WRONG! And the quizzes count as 50% of your grade. You take notes everyday, but they are useless cause none of the quiz questions come from your notes. If I pass which i doubt, it will be a absolut miracle
By far the worst professor I've had. I agree....a robot would be better!
not good
THIS GUY SUCKS Dose no not care replacle with a robot would be better
One of the worst professors ever!!!!
The stupidest teacher i have ever had she doesnt teach anything
There's always room for improvement, I don't recommend this class.
Dr.Y has some interesting things to teach. I liked that you learn both sides of history and he does teach instead of preach as he will tell you about. The class was a bit boring and while he tried to give clarity, I saw it as him speaking in codes. He'll probably read this review to the class so I'm giving my honest opinion and insight.
Good professor but definetly would not recommend for lower-division GE class...Makes everything harder than really should be. The only thing that was history related was the end of semester Par-Score quiz. The rest of the course had unclear lectures and assignments. Single-spaced weekly assignments with prompts that do not provide much to write.
Save yourself run away. avg score on the test was a D. He doesnt grade the essay exams so anything he explains to you will not help. no powerpoints online.teaches you how to write a history essay all semester rather than actual history. Even the kids with good grades hated him. I went to office hours so much and got a C.Not worth it for a GE class
Do not take this class. His powerpoints don't make any sense. He throws a huge amount of unnecessary information at you. I took this class to satisfy 2 GE requirements with 1 class, you're better off taking 2 classes. You'll hate your life otherwise.
DO NOT TAKE FOR 100 LEVEL CLASS! Possibly a great class for upper division or history major. Preaches clarity but personal course website is a kaleidoscopic cornucopia of information. Takes 2-3 pages of text to say "X, Y, Z." T/A was always late to class, misplaced midterms, butchered essay grades. Fun class to sit in, but extremely frustrating
His lecture material is easy to understand, but he presents it in a way that is overly complicated and unorganized. His instructions are vague and confusing. However if you do the work with the opinions he wants to hear, you will get a good grade. Not sure why he has a pepper...he looks like he is 60!
This class was lame. I didnt learn a thing but got a B-. You apparently dont need to read the books just write what he wants to hear. Your opinion means nothing... Avoid taking this class. waste of time
Very frustrating teacher to work with. I am an A student, yet with perfect attendance and going to office hours, I still only came away with a B. Vague and unclear teaching style. I used to like history before attending this class, now I'm scared of it. Maybe OK for some students, but not for most.
He leaves essay prompts extremely vague as a devious attempt to use his judgement to give you a grade. He starts the semester with a manipulative attempt to downplay this ratings, but they are real. This course is not one that you can pass with sheer knowledge and writing skills. You need some unknown power that only Ysusra can judge.
Absolutely horrible teacher. He tries to be nice and funny but if your a normal history teacher who likes to be taught facts and information relevant to teaching then DO NOT take this class. Worst part is incomprehensible lecture, unclear essay prompts and unclear comments. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS if you want to become a teacher!
he is a nice guy but he gives a lot of homework and i hated his class because of it. his lectures are so boring. nice guy but not a good teacher.
I absolutely despised going to this class every single week. I had no idea what the class was really even about. I ended up pulling out a B but I was miserable the entire semester. I went to class and honestly tried but it was just confusing.
Words can't explain how much I disliked this class. I left every week feeling completely lost and usually more confused than before. He beats around the bush and uses 5 examples to explain one concept, so I can never keep track of what's going on. Learned more from the books than lecture. I'm an A student. This class was just plain disappointing.
unclear teaching methods. uses FAR too many metaphors to describe content we are required to understand. i even enjoy history and had problems finding any motivation to show up aside from mandatory attendance.
worst class i've ever taken at SDSU. teaches in metaphors...isn't straight forward. i'm not much of a history fan...but i'd rather just learn whatever it is i need to memorize then get tested on it. if that's the way you are too...this class isn't for you.
I have never been so frustrated with a class. It is very difficult to get the point of his lectures. I have never gotten a grade below a B, and I got a C on his midterm. He claims that he will answer any questions if you talk to him, but he just explains things the exact same way. Take someone else if you can.
WORST CLASS EVER!!!!! i have no idea why he has a chili, definitely doesn't deserve it. it's more of a philosophy class than history. if you just want a straight forward history class to take care of your gen. ed dont torture yourself by taking this class!
The greater truth is that he is all over the place. He introduces more then 1 side which is good but you leave the class like "ok...what did I just learn again??"
I love history but HATED this professor. I honestly did not learn anything about history and only learned about two crazy authors' extreme viewpoints. If you enjoy history DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. He is a ridiculously hard grader and talks around subjects rather than explaining the history of the subject. He doesn't know how to be straight forward
Cannot stand this professor. Uses analogies that make you feel 7 years old. His lectures are so rehearsed and scripted it's painful. Regardless of how long you've been teaching, I'm not a freaking horse so stop using that useless analogy. It and along with many others are demeaning and a waste of time.
Good lecturer, very funny, not too helpful, TONS of reading (unreasonable amount), MUST be a good argumentative writer for an A or B, got to go to class.
HE does not teach about history, uses weird anologies and is extremely arrogant. Also, he thinks he's funny.
Needs speech class.
This guy is crazy. Nothing he teaches or says makes any sense. If you want to actually learn history do not take this class! Almost the whole grade is dependent on three essays and he is ver particular about how they are done, eventhough he says that you shouldn't write them the way he wants you to. He is crazy. Don't take this class.
dude writes his own reviews. BEWAREEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
He's horrible. I wouldn't even tell my worst enemy to take his class. I have pages and pages of notes, and have NO CLUE what any of them are talking about. I think its crazy that some people say he's fine. There isnt a soul in my class that likes anything about him.....I heard Flynn isnt any better
He is the worst teacher that I have ever had. He is very judgmental and a real pain. He thinks he is funny, but he really isn’t. He gets really mad if you make a comment that doesn’t agree with his opinion. One more thing he writes his own reviews. Don't take him... trust me.
I sincerely believe this guy wrote his own reviews; first of all he doesn't teach history. Secondly, he is arrogant and exteremely arrogant. He may be intertaining in the beginning then he just gets annoying.
I didn't UNDERSTAND anything in his class except that christopher did not discove America. So called "Dr." Ysursa speaks in codes that I sometimes dont even understand if he's lecturing or joking! Ysursa, GET REAL so students can understand ur
I WOULD NOT RECOMMAND JOHN. His lecture is way off and is not compared to the books that he assigns. He speaks in codes, which I found "NONSENSE". I SWEAR ON THE BIBLE, WHICH I HAVE NEVER BEEN THIS SERIOUS THAT I DID NOT LEARN ANYTHING IN THIS
doesn't really teach you any history. speaks in code. full of himself.
He teaches with too many analogies that his lectures are hard to follow. He doesn't get straight to the point or answer questions so one can understand it. His outlines are worthless, so wait until after the lecture to do them.
Lectures~hard to follow and understand the point he is trying to make.
whoa... what was this class about ? I didn't get it ! Dr. Y sure is a cut
Simply put this professor was unprofessional and was outline regarding certain issues. Is extremely unprofessional when it comes to her job.
Terrible lecturer and brings his own personal feelings and beliefs into the classroom
The only three grades for this course were three tests. The material comes from his lectures, his lectures are recorded and some of them are hard to understand. There are no captions, I had to replay his lectures multiple times to get what he was saying. His lectures consist of power points with only pictures. He rarely answers emails.
Only had three test (test heavy) in which we had to do lots of research for since the videos he provided were not very helpful. We had to take our own notes but it was hard to hear what was being said and for the last few videos, they could not be played. He does not answer emails on outlook or canvas when we needed help.
Worst professor I've ever encountered. He went off on me because I emailed him and he said he wasn't accepting emails. We could only ask him questions in person... even though its a whole PANDEMIC occurring. Like that made zero sense. His online class was extremely confusing, I didn't know what was going on, hence to me emailing him.
Avoid him if possible. I was sick and missed one class on a quiz day and it completely ruined my grade. He told me he would work with me and then the end of the semester came and he acted like he didnt know me. Told me not to worry about my grade because its in the past. Dont even try emailing him because he will not respond.
If you are required to take Greek and Latin vocab do NOT take it here with Cerutti. Although he is very knowledgeable on these topics, we did not learn anything about Greek or Latin after the second week of class. Not to mention having to spend money on a work book that we didnt use. Although he is an interesting person I dont recommend his class
The class itself was an easy A, but that's only if you can get through being taught by prof Cerutti. Always late to class, uses profanity, acts erratically (like he's on something or needs to be) & DONT BRING YOUR PHONE TO CLASS! He has a big thing against technology, won't even allow you to email him. Only grades quizzes, first few are take home.
In all fairness, Dr. Cerutti seems like he genuinely cares about learning and this will counter a lot of things other people are saying about him. In his Greek and Latin course, he has taken to giving 5 pop quizzes that each count as 10% of your overall grade, only university excuses accepted. He rips into people, which they only sometimes deserve.
I have never meant a more rude person in my life. He thinks he is smarter than everyone.. and he is not. He wouldn't stand a chance in the real world outside of a classroom where he can try to make fun of students. His class is a waste of time and you learn nothing. Would not recommend unless you like being called stupid for missing one class.
I think he wrote everything positive on this site. He is very rude, and not at all helpful. He even abandoned the syllabus and textbook mid-semester, then went back to both. Steer clear of any of his courses.
Wow! DO NOT TAKE ANY OF HIS CLASSES!!! He is the most egotistical, rude person you will ever meet! If you like to be called stupid and pathetic take his class. He really knows how to treat people with respect, NOT! If you're good at sucking up you'll get an A, if not then be prepared to get a bad grade and get your feelings hurt!
He is the worst Professor I have ever had. His class may be simple. But if you don't mind being belittled go ahead take his class. Oh yeah and he picks one person in every class that he gives a hard time to. Usually a girl. I suggest you do some research on the man before taking him.
What a jerk! His class was a joke. Makes you go to class so he can babble on and on about subject matter that has no relevance. Could have done the same thing from home. His life accomplishment is the quote on the back of the book. If he could write a better text book, he should stop crying about it and just do it.
This class is by far the easiest class I have ever taken, a big joke. The professor is highly arrogant and extremely cold-hearted.
My class wrote a letter to his boss and the man above him, we were told nothing could be done bc he was tenured. How the heck he was alowed to teach long enough to get that im completely baffled. ESCAPE NOW. Failed this class, took Mrs. DEBORAH FERRELL and got an A. Somethings wrong with that picture. word to the wise... GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN!!!!!!
I dont care who you are or how good you think you are at math. If you are signed up for this professor, change right away! AS IN CHANGE NOW! You will fail this class! My class started with 40+ students, we ended with 13! 9 of which got either a D or F! His tests are difficult, his homework is time consuming and doesn't make any sense. LEAVE NOW!
Avoid this teacher at all costs. I consider myself pretty good at math. This class is ridiculous if there is one teacher here that deserves to be fired its this one.
IF YOUR IN IT NOW GIVE UP. Why is this person aloud to teach still come one ECU this must be the worst teacher ever my whole class dropped it
Let me just say that I would rather take statistics online than with this fella. His idea of teaching is showing the class how well he can write on the chalk board from memory. He basically gives each student a pack of notes and from there he proceeds to copy them word for word from memory onto the board. It's REALLY engaging!
DO NOT EVER TAKE THIS PROFESSOR.... Worst College professor i have ever been taught by. Tests are hard Homework is nothing like what it teaches and Grades extremely limited.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Unless stats is your life and you have taken some kind of stats class before. He teaches the class as if you already know the material and this is just a review. He has alot of ethusiasm for the subject, but it doesn't help. If you have to absolutely take this class I highly recommend doing the homework.
Worst Math teacher at ECU! Very hard to understand and doesn't explain if you ask questions, he just repeats what he has already said. His test are hard and he gives no curves. My class started out with 15 people and ended with 4! DON"T TAKE THIS TEACHER!
DO NOT TAKE WHATEVER YOU DO!! math is my strongest subject & i FAILED this class due to the teacher.DOES NOT HELP if you ask. I emailed him, stalked him in his office and after class, NEVER would help.my tutor didnt even know what to do on his assignments.WORST TEACHER IN THE ECU SYSTEM.when you ask about grade or problems doesnt explain himself
Her/Him is probably the worst teacher at East Carolina! I did all the homework and still failed the class! DO NOT TAKE IF YOU CAN HELP IT!
WHATEVER YOU DO DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER. Homework graded on accuracy the day after he teaches it to you. Very confusing and unorganized lesson plans....TAKE ABDELFATTAH he is a great teacher will do absolutely ANYTHING to help you out...DONT TAKE THIS CLASS its absolutely horrible...complete torcher
doesn't really teach from the book and what he does he changes so do not refrence anything from the book or it is wrong. When class asks for examples he refuses and refrences his poorly detailed handouts. Tests are not math problems but definitions of math terms(not the books either) 9 years of bad reviews I seriously question ECU for employing her
He is horrible... if I had not have had Stats in high school then I would have been completely confused... So many people struggled in this class and his test are insane... the first one is the worst... there are a lot of defining on the first on and hardly any math... I got an A but you have to do the homework and corrections
DO NOT TAKE!! He is one of the strangest men/women i have ever seen. always out of breath and makes no sense. RUN FROM HIM/HER!
The absolute worst professor to teach EVER!!!!!!! The professor would confuse you even if you were learning 1st grade mathematics. Bottom line choose another professor.
A complete failure as an educator that makes me question the school. He simply cannot and does not prepare students in any reasonable way for the unreasonable standard to which he tests and grades. Contrary to those who suggest you actually learn in his classes, you actually will find that everything you "learn" is quickly and happily forgotten.
Definitely the hardest professor I've ever had. Despite the course being far from easy material, he could have done such a better job at teaching us. Be prepared for consistent work due every class day, and pay CLOSE attention in class. You'll surely have to meet with him outside of class to get a full understanding.
THE worst professor at ECU. He is constantly nervous while lecturing and scribbles on the board so fast that there is no possible way to write down notes in time. Not to mention the difficulty of his tests..it is unreal...in short failed with him and replaced with an A the next semester-dont take!!!
This is the worst teacher on the planet...run far far away!!!!
If i didnt know his name i wouldent be able to tell if he was a girl or guy its like pat from the movie. The hardest clss I have ever taken. Grades homework, doesent explain things well or even at all. Most of the time he makes no sience. If you want to pass stats dont take this class.
nooooooooooooooooooooooo, every one who see this, don't take him. Please don't.
winner of the biggest tool in the universe award. took me a couple weeks to figure out what sex he was and hated his class. he is a ****ing moron stay away
(by the GRACE of God,) I somehow finished the class with a B... The final exam saved me (even though he wouldn't give it back to me so I could frame it) If you're considering taking this class, or ANY with Crammer, take my advice, save your GPA and DON'T
i regret even thinking about majoring in computer science. his class was a nightmare. his tests are extremly hard and he grades ruthlessley! he gave me an 11 on a test. no matter how much you like computers this man will make you hate them!
probobly the worst teacher i have ever had! he is boring no one understands the **** he teaches. and he laughs at his own jokes which souds like a wheeze. all i can pray for is that he chocks to death in class thats the only way ill pass.
If you slack off, you will fail. If you pay attention, you will fail. If you are bill gates, you will still fail. Only Christ himself could get out of this class with a solid C. His tests are twice the length of allotted time and he tests on everything
not at all good.
i hate this man, he needs to go back to hell where he came from.
Worst Teacher I have ever had. Its test are impossible. They would be hard to finish in an hour and a half. Plus, if you don't answer every question with the word for word def it will take off points.
crammer is not helpful he quizes and tests on material not yet covered. He fails about 95% of his classes and he needs to go!
makes stats way more difficult than it needs to be....get him, get OUT!!
HE REALLY REALLY SUCKS....
I have never taken any CS classes before, so this was confusing to me. I got nothing out of his lectures, so I rarely went to class. I tried to go to his TAs office hours, but he was never there. His study guides are exactly like the midterms, but final was hard bc he didn't make it! DONT BUY THE BOOKS! I NEVER EVEN OPENED MINE! Somehow I got an A
Awesome professor. He is the most helpful and patient professor I have ever had. So helpful with HW's and preparing you for exams. Highly recommended.
The class was beyond easy, but you will not learn ANYTHING from him.
to keep it short and sweet, avoid at all costs
stay away if you care about yourself
By far the hardest class I have ever taken. She lectures straight off the PP (which she has memorized), skips 10 slides in between, and puts questions on tests that were not in PP. Her answer is "did you read the textbook"? Grade is based solely off of quizzes and tests, does not have any HW or chances to bring up your grade. Avoid her if you can.
I think Dr. Ulak actually tries to be nice (?) She has made several student cry. You definitely don't want to have a bad first impression with her. Read the content she says to, when you are going through the material try to link the material. I'm not sure what else to say about Dr. Ulak's class.. Good Luck? or maybe choose a different professor.
Knowledgeable of the course material. She does not include a grading criteria and grades Scranton answer sheets manually instead of using the machine.
Took her for Gero, terrible professor. Exams have nothing to do with what she says in class, or what is in the powerpoints. Sometimes, the exam aren't even from the textbook. She makes a 2 credit course hard for no reason. Best bet is try your best to read the book and make outlines. The group project will help boost your grade. 2 exams, 1 final
A failure as an adviser and a dean. Nasty and evil women. I don't know how she got to be a dean. Don't go to her for advisement or to get signed into a class because she certainly will not. She uses everything she can against you. Few people like her. she discriminate against student and hates blacks and foreigners. Avoid at all cost.
told me she'd fail me to my face. Nice lady
Typical of SHU Nursing School faculty. Good reputation, nasty staff.
HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE and MISERABLE WOMEN!!!...PURE EVIL!!!
EVIL
I don't like her because she hates foregners.
She sucks as an Advisor all she does is **** u over. If she does not like u she will surly tell u to your face. Never have her as a professor and especially as an advisor
HORRIBLE AND NASTY WOMAN...SHE WOULD GIVE YOU SUCH A HARD TIME TO SIGN YOU INTO A CLASS...AND TELLS YOU RIGHT IN YOUR FACE THAT YOU WILL FAIL EVEN IF YOU ARE A GREAT NURSING STUDENT...AVIOD HER AT AL COSTS
Avoid her at all cost....if she is not your teacher please don't take her and never ask her for help in anything b/c she will only say to " YOU'RE NOT GOING TO MAKE, NURSING ISN'T FOR YOU.....CHANGE YOUR MAJOR."..............SHE'S A MORON
I am hoping this helps people for the fall...She is horrible...She loves to see a person fail and will tell you to change your major...Honestly I don't know how she became a nurse and oOo yeah she will tell you you can't make it through the program...NOT A NICE PERSON AVOID HER AT ALL COSTS...
JUst plain rude and nasty
Do not take her class...she will make fun of you...tell you to drop nursing...will not sign you into classes...and if she does...she will make you suffer for it!!!
Her favorite pasttimes include: making fun of students, degrading students, and telling them to drop nursing. I cant undersstand why if she is such a good nurse, then why is she teaching?
THE WORST CLASS WITH THE WORST GRADE EVER !!!
This professor is pitiful, incompetent, unorganized and ridiculous. She is criticizing in front of others, and she does whatever she wants. She doesn't care if her behavior is appropriate or not. She also can not express the subject effectively, but give a difficult topics on essays.You will not receive any knowledge.
Where to even begin. Class time was useless and the only reason for going is attendance, she doesn't post grades all semester long and when you email her for your grade she wont respond. Her study guide for the exam doesnt even cover some of the material on the test. Very unorganized professor who will honestly give you nothing more than a headache
This teacher was horrrrrible. she was so unorganized. her tests were so long and nearly impossible to ace. her grading makes absolutely noooo sense. she doesn't know how to do math. she makes absolutely nooo sense and doesnt understand herself either.
She was one of the most confusing teachers I have ever had. None of her assignments made sense, and when she tried to clarify, she confused me even more. Her grading made no sense; it seemed like she pulled the grades out of a hat and assigned them. She definitely played favorites and seemed to ignore some students. I do not recommend this class.
Horrible Professor, completely plays favorites with different students. 2 people worked on the same project together with almost identical answers and one received an A while the other a D. I personally e-mailed her at least four times and got zero responses. Extremely bias towards students and unhelpful. Her tests and study guides do not match
She plays favorites with students and if very unfair with her grading. Her lectures are very hard to understand and are very dull. She makes each test worth so few points that if you miss 2 points you will end up with a B- . She is very unclear and one of the worst teachers I've ever had.
Chicken scratch handwriting and a thick accent, I couldn't even follow her to save my life! She is one of the reasons I dropped out of CS!
She sucked.
GOd this Teacher is a B****!!! She is mean, and not helpful at all! If you go to her office hours, she will find some reason to yell at you so you don't even feel comfortable asking a question! shez so unfair! gradez bad! Old crank! shouldn't even be teaching! Get lost you oldie!
grades harshly. made a girl cry. NOT recommended.
Hard teacher who doesnt teach well -_-
She has no people skills so dont bother asking questions, she gives you whatever grade she wants. She is below average as a lecturer, tests are mediocre, acts insulted by students that she has to teach an intro class.
Horrible teacher
HARD
No good. Yells at students when they ask questions. Has no people skills at all. She gets frustrated when students don't understand concepts.
A lot of hard programming assignment and homework...picky person..hard n strict marking test...not free during office hour...talk lots of non sense about C programming while teaching Java ...stupid idiot !
He rude all these reviews is a lie Im sorry I listen to the reviews here not true students please run dont take him drop him.... Run for life you be sorry.
Dr Cubillos needs to take a page out of his own book. He is the last person who should be teaching pedagogy as he applies absolutely none of the theory he teaches in class. It was great that he praised the importance of 2nd language acquisition in one breath and agreed to hack the language budget in half in the next. Cubillos, hueles mal.
A rude teacher! Of course if is good looking, which is nice...but I do not like the way he teaches and he has a problem with every comment or answer a student gives him-only HIS way seems to be the correct way
Awesome -- but only if you want to waste your time and your money and just about anything else you can possibly waste. Avoid at all costs!!!!!
Bleah bleah bleah! Arrogant and so unclear. You'd be less confused if you were blinded and dropped in the middle of a cornfield and had to find your way home. DO NOT waste your time.
Give me a break with this guy. The most arrogant jerk you'll ever meet. Don't waste your time...or your education
ugh!!
Terrible terrible terrible... avoid if at all possible
You wanna lose your time and become frustrated in every class? No doubt then, take his class, you won't regret it. Maybe he should apply the methods he tries to teach to his own class. Indeed, he knows a lot, but has 0 skills when trying to communicate that knowledge.
Arrogant, full of himself. His book is terrible.
Distructive comments, arrogant. full of himself, doesn't teach what he preaches
I would NEVER take her again. She requires to read 10 books in one semester on top of the other packet readings. Basically every two weeks you have to read another book. The questions on her quizzes are weirdly specific. Literally quotes from a book about who was talking to who in this quote. You also have to get a 96 to have an A. I cried a lot.
Prof. Bloem is a terrible professor! She does not care whether you do well or not. She gives lengthy assignments very close to each other and her expectations are way to high considering that she gives inadequate instruction. If I did not love my major, I would have switched because her class is so terrible. Her grading criteria is trash! DONT TAKE
This professor is one of the reasons I left elementary education AND GVSU. In fact, when I look back at GVSU, one of the biggest things I remember is how awful her class was. There was way too much going on! I have felt stress about many college courses, but hers was one of the worst.
I think that sometimes she forgets that it is a 100 level English class, she gives so much work and makes out of class events mandatory. She is also an unclear grader, using very vague critiques. She also calls people out to embarrass them. She has outrageously high standards for a gen ed class.
Prof. Bloem expects all of your time to be dedicated to her class. Her expectations are never clear, and although she can come off as a sweet lady, she really seems so scattered she doesn't know who you are in the end. Pick someone else for this course if you don't want to read around 12 novels for one class.
I am currently taking this class, and I feel like I have learned nothing. She is a VERY hard grader, and counts you down a whole letter grade for one mistake. Vocabulary tests are a joke, she gives us the definitions then when we use them on the test they are counted wrong. Definitely do not take this class!
She is an incredibly tough grader. She over complicates the work students are assigned to do and I am currently considering dropping her class because I do not like her teaching style
Your understanding of projects papers what'll be on the exam is typically a blur. She makes you think that her assignments (exams, quizzes, etc) will be very easy and you'll receive it and it not only is in a different language but she grades it VERY HARSHLY. I won't take her again and I worked my butt off to only receive a B.
This professor's grading is all over the map and she is very unclear what she wants from an assignment, so it is all hit and miss and you never know what you will get. Do NOT take her! She is very rude and unprofessional in her classroom management and how she treats her students. She also assumes that everyone has traveled the world.
This class has a lot of potential, but she makes it absolutely dreadful. She does not care that you have other classes other than hers and will pile on very large assignments with little to no explanation. Expects you to focus all of your time on her class. Can be very rude at times. Terrible prof, would not recommend to anyone.
I was so excited to take this class. It sounded like a lot of fun. My friend told me all she did in this class~stuff I'd love to do, but she had a different professor. The workload is ridiculous. Doesn't she realize we have other classes to study for? And jobs that take up our freetime? I had 3 projects going at once. And the final was ridiculous.
Has a pet peeve against run on sentences. She is also very particular about proper grammer/punctuation.
she's a cruel and mean person. Talks about 9/11 way too much, mental probs
This was the worst class ever. The guy never talks, he only types on the computer. He knows his stuff but, doesnt know how to teach others. Waste of my time and money, pretty pissed
I think Musselman's teaching style is quite sloppy. His approach on things aren't as effective as he thinks. If class was to be held in the computer lab where students can follow him step by step, I think I'd learn better. However, where his sloppiness falls, he makes up in leniency for exams (open notes). I would've preferred another professor tho
He does show a couple videos at the beginning of class, then he spends the rest of his time giving programming examples. You pretty much just have to learn everything by reading the book. His tests are fair but his grading is definately biased. Usually seemed like his grading was easier for cute girls... Get ready to teach yourself programming.
This guy truly sucks. Does not want to help you much and if you ask for help acts annoyed. Doesn't really care about teaching and doesn't do much of it, it is pretty much all on you and you are not allowed to colborate with other people. Stay Away....
He is the WORST professor I've ever had! No set grading system, very unhelpful, seems ANNOYED whenever you go to his office to ask for help. STAY AWAY!!!
BIG waste of time. You won't learn anything, all tests are open book.
Has zero interest in teaching anything. Terrible teacher, but real easy.
looking for an "F"? you've come to the right place
Not interested in teaching, that was obvious. Just wants to make an appearance.
Homework assignments are way too difficult for a student to simply sit down and complete, especially someone who has no programming experience.
Please ..
Very very very boring mandatory lectures.
She sucks, she thinks you should already know everything. if u dont know anything about programming then dont jump right into her class..the other people that rated her must know something about it... BOOOOOO to her
how is he rated so highly?? nice guy but not a great teacher. the directions on everything he assigns are so confusing. you'll do everything the directions say on an assignment and then later get a 75/100 to find out you had to do something else that wasn't even listed in the directions
German is a super nice guy and the class is very easy, but he is very unorganized and is very hard to follow. He constantly jumps around from topic to topic and gives very vague answers to your questions. You never know what is expected of you and you always feel like you're missing something.
If you want to genuinely learn about computer science, avoid taking classes with German. His lectures are awful. His thought processes are never linear, they're absolutely all over the place. Yes he allows remakes of everything, and you WILL get an A in this class, but you will get nothing out of it and it will be a waste of your time.
Not much more to say than he's occasionally funny because of his awkward humor during lecture. His class average gpas are usually around 2.7, whereas other professors' are closer to 3.1 or so. He doesn't spend much time in lecture explaining relevant material, and gives most of his grading to TAs. Worse than my AP CS-A Java class.
Yeah he's nice, yeah he's funny, but that doesn't matter because he goes too fast and does not explain what he's doing. Read the book, get help from AIs, go to peer tutoring. Also, he's terribly disorganized. Don't expect to get feedback on labs or homework. You can probably get an A, but how much you actually learn is completely up to you.
Adrian is a nice guy.... However, he should not be teaching an introductory course in anything! He lacks the ability to know when students fail to comprehend the material.
Chuck White, while he knows what he is talking about, is very confusing and hard to understand. He embarrassed me more than once in front of the class because I didn't know the answers to his questions. I liked that he let us do take-home exams, but I wish he would have helped me more. I would not take another class with him.
arragant and seemingly unapproachable
rediculous, he is a rediculous person
Not an enjoyable class at all. Very out of touch from students' perspective. Lots of unnecessary work. Exams are not multiple choice and are hard. Avoid if at all possible.
I would avoid this course with this professor at all costs. The structure of the class was archaic and not conducive to learning. There also is very limited transparency throughout the semester about grades and the subjective curving system that is used, so your standing in the course is unknown until the final few weeks. I do not recommend.
Seemed like a nice guy and was very accessible outside of class but wow are his lectures so unorganized. He teaches as if the internet and computers were never created. Every lecture he reads from paragraphs of text that he puts on under the projector with no visible outline. Way too much information and comprehension needed from an elective course
Trefzger is impossible to learn from. He story-tells through his lectures, making them difficult to follow. The HW takes weeks to complete for a measly 8 points and the Spreadsheet problems are just busy work. Exams are way too long and are solely computational. I am an A/B student, but there was no way I could pass his class...take someone else.
Good guy but his teaching styles are out of date. Long, boring lectures, outlines, and emails. He overexplains everything and that makes it hard to understand. Tests are worded to confuse you and very few assignments.
was a very bad teacher for online. have to teach yourself. longgg lesson videos. Lots of homework. Grade heavily reliant on tests. Unless you are already great with finance I would avoid him! He also sends unnecessarily long emails and makes the whole course very confusing and hard to stay motivated.
absolutely horrible and would drop if it wasnt too late into the semester. His online format sucks and its very outdated. Makes the course even more difficult. grades homework hard and makes you scan in hundreds of problems all hand written. very little support and he sends constant emails that are pages longs. do NOT take any classes with him!!
The Impression that I got is probably a good professor for in-person classes; However, he's horrible for online. He was asynchronous and we had to learn the concepts and formulas through reading long lessons that he gave us with very little help outside of that. The best way to describe the class is an ADHD nightmare. He seems like a great guy tho.
Personally Asynchronous classes are not for me but the material is very difficult and it was impossible for me to understand anything. Tests are very tightly timed and I could not finish them. Take Cring or wait until next semester.
He means well, but he's a terrible professor. He practically reads his massively over complicated documents word for word, and explains things to the point of mental exhaustion. His teaching style is really old and he doesn't use Reggienet because he doesn't know. He cares a lot, but his teaching style tends to be counterproductive and impossible.
DO NOT take this class with Trefzger. This is one of the hardest classes I've ever taken. A lot of people dropped because it was so hard. His lectures are long and boring. If you bomb one test you have a zero chance at getting an A or B. Do yourself a favor and take this class with Cring.
If you come to class tired, I can almost guarantee you will fall asleep. Some of the most disorganized lecturing I've ever seen, and does a terrible job of teaching the material that you will be tested on. Claims that teaching this way benefits you. Your grade is essentially determined by 3 test grades. AVOID THIS PROFESSOR IF YOU CAN!
He's extremely condescending and rude. Makes TA babysit & write you up for everything you do during lectures, which are pointless to attend: he makes his own terminology for everything so it's not relevant in the real world. Entire grade is on 4 difficult exams. Don't email him or he will put you on blast for whatever the TA wrote about you.
I haven't hated a class so much more. No one has the attention span to listen to a professor for 75 minutes who is talking in monotone non-stop no visuals just his really extensively long essays that is not clear at all. He just shows his copyrighted work which is way too long not clear and very very confusing.
This is the hardest class I have taken at ISU. And it might be the first class I will have to retake. Do NOT take this class if you are not a finance major. It is absolutely absurd that we have to do everything we do in this class not being a professional in finance. It was WAY too difficult and grading is based on 3 tests.
Great guy, horrific teacher. Lectures are long and completely pointless unless you completely study the material before class. All he does is run through extensive problems very quickly while making fun of your hometown. The final grade is based only on 3 tests, 33% each. Please consider Cring or someone else. Much easier.
Lectures are all over the place and very disorganized. No visual aids are used, which make it extremely difficult to pay attention. He rambles the entire hour and 15 minutes... great guy, but his method of teaching makes the class more challenging than it has to be
Avoid him at all costs. Nice guy, terrible teacher. His lectures were painful to sit through. He says reading his long outlines before class helps but it doesn't. He wastes your time with things that aren't even on the test. AWFUL.
This man is the most disrespectful professor I have ever met. His views and opinions of people are completely inappropriate and he does not understand the modern perspective. I struggled to receive a C. He is not helpful when going in because he is too focused on your personal background and financial status to actually listen to misunderstandings.
I don't know how this man can still be teaching... because he doesn't teach! Forcing students to come to hi torterous class to sit there and listen to him read notes word for word, the same ones he provides online for us, the whole time is not teaching! Don't even get me started on the tests, only 18 questions and no partial credit, what BS!
If you want to torture yourself then this is the guy for you! Worst class to sit through ever! Bad teacher, bad class, bad tests!
He loves finance and knows his stuff, but when it comes to teaching his methods just suck. Reading off overheads and not even working out examples with the class is no way to teach. If you like to teach yourself take him, but if you want a teacher who will help you better learn it don't take him! And his tests are ridiculous!
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this teacher! Watching paint dry would be more interesting than listening to him. Tests are nearly impossible, the class average on the last one was a 56! Doesn't give partial credit, class is only based on 3 scantron tests, the last one was only 18 questions and worth 96 pts.! Horrible horrible teacher!
One of the worst teachers I've ever had. He's a nice guy but can't teach for the life of him. He wrote all his notes & problems, which you have to print yourself & waste all your paper. All he does is read them word for word on the overhead too fast. Doesn't work examples out & doesn't explain things. Tries to trick you on the tests. Do not take!!!
Tries to be funny but IS NOT!!! Talks too fast & his style of teaching is very confusing!!! Would not recommend taking him as a professor!!!!!
Doesn't require attendance but is psycho if you miss class. Thinks everyone is a cheater. BORING. Everyone falls asleep during class. Condescending if you are absent. Would not recommend.
i didnt like his style. nice enough guy but boring. nap time
he was boreing
Awful, horrible, boring, ridiculous, disgusting, nerdy, greasy, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. NO. Don't do it. You'll be sorry.
No no no no no no no no.
This man is the rudest person I've ever met. He's completely insane about cheating. He treated me like dirt. Do NOT take his class. You'll be very sorry. He's a huge dork.
The way he presents the material is in the WORST possible way. All you look at for 75 min. is 12 font print that you cant even read because he doesnt dim the lights!! It's nearly impossible to pay attention during class no matter how hard you try 2. It wouldnt be so hard if he would just change the way he lectures... but I doubt that happens..
What a stud... He cant teach really though.. he doesnt really teach the material that well becuase he is really boring.. he talks about himself too much.. good luck...
Horrible class. He is extremely boring and not informative at all. The class isnt that tough, but after sleeping through the horrid lectures, its really hard to do well on exams.
dumb ****
He wants you to fail and will not give you any resources to succeed in his class. He also says that you need to quit your jobs and make the class your life. His lectures are pointless and confusing but mandatory. No matter how much time I spend studying for lab quizzes I cannot get good grades because they trick you and add things not taught in lab
there are no assignments besides a few quizzes every test. so the only way to succeed in this class is to test well. exams are extremely book based and his lectures don't help much though attendance is required and there is a randomized seating chart. there is no extra credit. its passable but you have to make it your entire life
Woodman is clearly well-informed on the content he teaches, but he is incredibly inflexible and stuck in his ways. Instead of adjusting the course to accomodate students' learning styles, he simply justifies antiquated ways of testing/grading by claiming that other students have survived it before. Even though he is knowledgeable, Woodman is awful.
The textbook required for this lab is his very own $165 lab manual that you have no hope of reselling or using ever again. He requires that you listen to his podcast, and take notes by hand, computers are strictly prohibited (unless you have an iPad, duh). "Lenient" and "forgiving" are not in this man's vocabulary. Don't take his lab if you can.
Dr. Woodman is an extremely unreasonable man. This is a 5 credit hour course (3 for lecture and 2 for lab). In the lab, we had a total of 17 quizzes in 15 weeks. However,the material we were tested over was not from instruction, it was from the book. And his lecture was very boring, but mandatory. I would have been better off only reading the book.
If you miss class, he requires students to write an essay of why they didn't make it and won't even guarantee an unexcused absence. The lectures are mundane, the workload is bearable, and make sure to read the textbooks and use lots of sticky notes. The teacher was not understanding about students and it's extremely strict on rules.
Takes pride in failing his students, refuses to help, doesn't understand that life happens. Lectures are similar to a 5 year old circling stuff on a board. Only way to do well in the class is to go to office hours multiple times a week so don't plan on having a job(he won't understand). Also expects you to read every chapter multiple x's in-depth
Save yourself & take elsewhere. Worst prof Ive ever had. Content is ok, but he makes it hard. Tests on what wasnt covered. Limits amount of time/questions you can ask TA in office hours, TA told us to come when he wasnt around. Bizarrely strict rules, in lab limited bathroom use & checked computers to make sure you didnt have extra tabs open.
With the level of diffuculty in this class you would think the professor would be more understanding and easier to communicate with but that was not the case. Disrespectful teacher who is very uninvolved in his work. Finished the class with an A but give no credit to the professor. It up to you to put hours and hours of work.
Dumbest classes will be taught by this professor, literally the hardest classes offered at UNL, and no wonder people took them as SCC. But now UNL will not allow the transfer of these credits from there so you're stuck with the most impossible class compared to any other university. Homework takes about 2.5 hrs per assignment
I had a TA, Kaleb Dunn who is just one of those types of people that holds students to a higher level of clarity than he holds himself. Honestly I never figured out where the post lab quiz questions were coming from. Could be the lecture textbook, podcast, lab manual or notes. With so many sources there was just no way to know it.
Could care less about students
Do not take this class for Gen Bio unless you really are into biology and have no other classes to study for. His lectures are boring and long, most of the test material isn't even covered He does not care about the students in gen bio all he cares about are his upper level classes I have not missed one single class and i'm still struggling to pass
I would highly recommend that you do NOT take this course. Dr. Caire has been one of the least caring professors I have ever had. His class is way too hard and he expects you to be an expert on EVERYTHING before you take the class. Attendance is mandatory, and class is boring. Also, I am a very diligent student and I still did not do well.
This class is horrible!!!! trust me!!
I dont know what others think but I got a D and studied hard. He also flunked 4 other people in my class. Way too much to ask for out of students for General Bio. One of those teachers who doesnt teach the material but makes the tests hard as can be. Talking to him didnt do me much good. I felt as thought I put in hard work and he didnt give me crd
Worst teacher I have ever had, and that includes kindergarten. Lectures are boring and don't make any sense, practice tests are nothing like real ones, and exams are ridiculous.
Horrible class experience, teacher posts material sure, but none of it ever pertains to what we are currently working on. He does not allow for extra credit either, and every time you email him to ask a question, he gives the bare minimum possible for an explanation. Class we very difficult because of this, would NOT recommend.
I thought the way of teaching was a bit well careless it seemed as though he had a lack of interest in the class and didn't seem to care as much as any of my other professors.
easy to begin with, but pace gets really quick at the end, doesnt explain things
SHE IS OUT ONLY FOR HERSELF
This class is much harder than I expected. Each exam you have to memorize 70+ songs. He chooses 25 songs out of this list and you must be able to state the artist and/or song title from a 30 second excerpt. There is also a difficult history section. He does not give you much guidance on studying for the exam or what history to memorize.
Do not take this class unless you already known all of the rock n roll songs and artist. You have to listen to this terrible music 24/7 to pass the class.
Unhelpful and condescending. Watch out for her papers, she changes your wording to the way she likes it and nit picks for mistakes to make sure you don't get 100%.
The fact that I have to take more classes with this man is enough to make me consider dropping out.
This was possible the most boring class I have ever taken in my life. He almost always reads directly off the slides and for being a "safety expert", this guy has been involved in more workplace accidents than anyone I know! And as far as grading, when it comes to the group project he varies from group to group. Terrible teacher
I DIDNT CARE FOR THIS GUY..CLASS IS HARD AND SO ARE TEST.VERY HARD TO UNDERSTAND
HORRIBLE TEACHER. Favors athletes, tests are on nothing that is covered. Another one of those "professor greencards". Speaks pretty good english....but has no real work experience. Have fun with this 2 hour waste of your time.
Very left professor, very typical professor because he has no field experience and it is all based on theory or whatever he read out of a book.
No one is trying to wake up early and walk 20 minutes to class to listen to a professor laugh at his own jokes. Humor is good, but when the lecture is 80% off topic jokes and 20% the actual things we need to study, there is a huge problem. I learned everything by going through the books over and over again myself. Having him last year was the worst
The concept for the course - crime in movies - is pretty cool. Although many find him funny, the professor's jokes are a little much. Some of his jokes were borderline racist and definitely insensitive. One joke in particular made the black students in my class literally gasp out of shock. Overall, cool class but annoying professor.
While he's funny, I really regret taking his class. He makes you do hard projects he doesn't even grade. His tests are way too hard, and he didn't prepare us for them. Take this class if you want a laugh but don't care about your grades.
Just don't. I would have just dropped his course if I had a choice. I had a scholarship so I couldn't. Grades on very few things. Got so stressed out during class.
This has to be the worst professor at IU. He encourages questions by allowing 10% of grade for it but then gets mad when you ask questions. He gives too much work for a 1.5 credit class and has no idea how to teach CS.
Joke of a class. Class is pretty easy to learn and succeed in but the Professor is like a child with grading. If you fail to do anything exactly how he wants he will tank your grade. And with so few assignments these decisions really affect your grade. Your far better choosing any class to learn C or any other language with another professor.
Professor Whitmer prefers to use his own class website rather than the website system IU recommends all teachers use, Canvas. Information for projects and homework is scattered and not immediately and easliy understandable. Writing is a big component in his class. This is tedious and less valuable than using instruction & testing instead.
Jeff Whitmer is one of those professors that leaves students scratching their head, wondering why he is still employed by this university. He goes on boring rants during class about outdated video equipment despite the class being about CURRENT digital technologies. His assignment descriptions are long and confusing. Make one mistake and get burned
This professor is extremely hard on his students. His assignment descriptions span tens of pages, and are very difficult to understand even after reading them multiple times through. He is very harsh on due dates, and will not accept late work, which will result in a "0". He expects more than is explicitly stated, and I would avoid him at all cost.
Prof. Whitmer is the worst professor I have ever had. No rubric for assignments. I went to office hours, he smirked at me the entire time I spoke, and then refused to give guidance. He kept most students at a D or and F til the end of the semester, and then assigned "participation points" based on what grade he wanted to give. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!
This class meets 4 days a week, and has usually two individual assignments and a portion of a group assignment due every week. 8+ hour per week commitment for a 3 cr/hr course. Whitmer spends lectures ranting about obsolete technologies. Work is intentionally graded too hard. I don't understand how he keeps his job. Avoid him at all costs.
Pompous and overbearing. Totally fake and a control freak. Overreacts and gets his feelings hurt over nothing. Never goes out of his way. So many rules. Teaches material that is ten years old and treats you like you're ten years old. Just the worst.
Cares more about color matching his beanies with his sneakers than the material. Look upon his website and despair: csdotindianadotedu/jwhitmer/ This man teaches HTML. Does not have a doctorate. Did not receive any degree related to computer science. The only possible explanation is nepotism or blackmail. Always call him Mr. Whitmer.
Just terrible. Has no idea what he's talking about. Learned nothing. Uses his class as a captive audience to rant about irrelevant things that upset him.
Guy has no idea what hes talking about. Clearly not the proper background to be a CS professor. Over complicates topics and does not explain.
He is generally fairly friendly in class, but doesn't help with questions, rather relaying then to our AI who doesn't speak good enough English to be teaching a jargon-heavy computer course. His assignments are minutia-oriented busywork, and very difficult to understand.
This guy is a complete and utter jerk. Woe be to the person who dares to ask a question in his class. He will rip you a new one and stomp on you. Very unlikely that you'll learn anything in this class. Very unclear in his assignments, so it's very hard to do well. Believe the others' bad comments and beware.
Barks out his lectures like a drill sergeant, which makes him difficult to understand. Lame assigments. Wears a different sports jersey and baseball cap every day!
This professor is a bomb ready to go off. He yells and his course material is outdated. There is not a bit of new technology.
A real Jerk I wish I did not have to take the course
While the professor is knowledgeable on the topics, the class is awful. The only thing you are graded on is the homework, which consists of 14 papers. The lectures are hard to listen to and sit through, and the teacher places a mandatory mask mandate on the class. The teacher does not use canvas and does not give an overall grade for a while.
She will not address your questions, help you with papers, or contribute to your education in a positive or helpful way. She uses the classroom as a place to boast how much she knows rather than teach you what you need to know in order to do well in the class. If you need help with something, good luck, because you wont get any from her.
she will not answer your questions and instead will tell you to use your library skills to figure stuff out has 4 major papers as your only grades and she does not provide a rubric regularly will contradict herself in the same sentence, repeats and forgets things condensing calls out ppl for missing class even though was was not mandatory
Whole class is based on the premise of four papers. There is a complete lack of structure. She goes on tirades about useless material that has no value. Arguably the worst professor that IU has to offer
DO NOT TAKE C105! Prof. Cook is, without a doubt, the most confusing, boring, stubborn professor I have ever had. The class doesn't have to be this way, I thought it sounded interesting at first. But she is just that bad. This ruined my enjoyment for anything remotely related to science. Avoid at all costs.
yall. just trust me when i say dont take this class. like for real. just dont.
Lectures are very very difficult to follow
Her lectures are completely unorganized. She shotguns massive amounts of information at you and then tests over completely random tidbits she skims over. After taking the first test, I realized I had an equal chance of success if I just ignored everything she said as I did listening to her dull ramblings.
Do yourself a favor and don't take this class. One of the hardest, most boring classes I've ever taken.
DO NOT TAKE DARWINIAN MEDICINE. Prof. Cook appears to be a very nice person, though the class itself is completely outdated with teaching technique. she rambles on for an hour and fifteen minutes, i can not follow what she is saying for more than 2 sentences. she uses very complicated vocabulary to describe the simplest things. super hard exams.
This is the worst class I have ever taken. This class is supposed to be about physical anthropology and she rambles about things that have nothing to do with this class. This class was completely pointless.
By notes you mean attending every class and writing down everything she says. You cant tell between some ADD random thought she says and actual material that is on the test. Unless you have a graduate degree in biology and anthropology then i suggest, nay, warn you to not take this class. Taking her tests was half luck, half guesing and no learning
Her lectures are completely unorganized and very hard to follow and she tests on material that is completely irrelevant. She emphasizes the minute details and does not really teach on the topic. I was really interested in the topic of the class, but she doesn't teach on it. Worst class I've taken at IU. Way too hard for a 100 level topics class
These professor is the worst I've ever had in four years. The readings are not for a 100 level class, they are from academic journals meant to be read by professionals, not 100level students. She believes that a student is a an idiot if they do not understand the reading. The test are arbitrary. Do not take this class.
Absolutely the worst professor I have ever come into contact with. She is completely unprofessional when it comes to her expectations of her students vs. the accountability on her part. Should definitely be re-evaluated for tenure. Unfortunately, her academic achievements veil her incompetence as a teacher.
If you have no background in biology or anthro DO NOT take this class. She is an awful teacher, the lectures are not organized whatsoever and the tests are made up of the most miniscule facts. The readings are for grad students & not appropriate for a topic 100 level class. Della never shows up for test day either which says a lot. DO NOT TAKE THIS
Heed the warnings of the previous posters. I have no problem learning from and tolerating every other professor I've ever had. In fact the issue of tolerance has never been an issue before. There is no organization here. To me she sounds like she went on a lysergic acid diethylamide binge for several years and never recovered. Find another class.
This was the worst class I have ever taken. Her teaching style is horrible. She does not have a schedule and allows herself to get on tangents unrelated to the class. She teaches the class as though it's a class for majors when it is not and expects that everyone know everything about anythropology. Do not take this class.
I took Darwinian Medicine. We had a wonderful text to read, but somehow it never really related to what was being taught in class. Lectures were rarely in any sort of coherent organization. Overall a very strange manner of teaching...in a bad way.
HONESTLY THE WORST TEACHER THAT I HAVE EVER HAD! She is boring& disengaging in lecture, it's 80 minutes of her droning on with random distractions. She'll repeat things multiple times but stop talking to point out that someone is eating a pop tart. You're entirely graded on 4 exams & she doesn't cover the material in class- I went to every lecture.
Made a account to leave a review for Linz . I have a ABM minor. If you have the choice, go with Micro. Her class is based off of 4 exams and point based, >85 is 4.0 (never a good sign) The exams are VERY impossible unless you already know macro principles and ALL of the equations. No assigned hw, no lectures posted. Plan on being in help room ALOT!
I have not studied more often for any other class. I have a 3.5 in CSE and 4.0 in CHEM. I also have no idea how any of her material turns into the exams that pop in front me on exam days. I wish she would try to help instead of doing the hurting her students and I complain about.
Terrible teacher of material. The entire class grade was based on your scores for the 4 exams and none of the homework or attendance. It was 80 minutes of notes every day. It's nice that she gave a study guide before each exam but it's almost impossible to pay attention to her monotone voice and black and white slides for a whole class.
Quite possibly the WORST professor I've ever had. She literally is terrible. She just stands up there and goe SO FAST you have no idea what she even is saying. I would never make an account on this website but since she is that awful of a professor I felt like I had to.
The worst professor at MSU I've had, doesn't help, random, didn't accept my paper that accounted for 13% of the final grade because I didn't hand her HARD copy before the due date (I submitted electronic copy before). Extremely harsh on exams, review questions she provides basically mean you have to know everything about everything. Avoid if possib
she was by far the worst econ prof I had at state. she never taught us anything and then expected a 40pg. paper at the end of class. All she talked about was her experience with russia. Avoid her at all costs. she also did not help when I would go to her office hrs.
i took this class in 1999, i graduated in 2002, this is the only prof i hate enough to post on this site years later. she is mean, rude, and takes a certain pleasure in seeing her students suffer. i hope that she can resolve her issues to make her life and the lives of her students more enjoyable.
she is the meanest lady ever. i swear.
Worst teacher I ever had.... the funny thing is, I graduated in 99' and am posting on this site. Thats how bad she was. She was the rudest and most unhelpful woman I have met in my life.
Awful. She's very unclear, unhelpful, and isn't a very nice person.
Didn't learn a thing... you think she's nice based on her appearance but the first day of class she snapped at the TA in front of all 200 of us without knowing it was the TA - is crazy.
Do not take this class with this woman. It never really seems as if she's actually there...she is random and spacey. she talks about strange things, like SpongeBob SquarePants. also, she doesn't really compromise about anything.
Never take her class.
worst class ever!!! she acts like a kindergarden teacher gone mad
she's boring, difficult, not clear, and not nice
she is a horrible professor, very spacey and never makes a bit of sense
Not a very clear prof. I first attended class but found she made no difference.
not a good teacher. quite spacy, never made much sense
Absolutely the worst professor I have had thus far throughout my college career. He is very disorganized and his lectures barely cover what is on the exam. He does not hold any office hours and is very condescending when students asked questions. Left me and others unready for his exams.
She goes too fast in class and the tests cover way too much material. Our first test was over 6 chapters in the book. You have to know basically every detail within those chapters to do well on the test. Our test average for the class was 64%
Has a hard time talking to students. She acts like an elitist, for no real reason. Found she cares little about the students and would much rather teach a classroom of professors.
She is awful. Does not care about students. Tests cover random material.
He didn't want to be there and it was noticeable. He didn't grade our projects and if our group won a contest he wouldn't follow up with whatever reward he promised. Basically he's pretty lazy when it comes to class work.
I am surprised he actually remembers how to get to class each day.
i think i am stupider after taking this class, everything except the discussions
This is the worst professor that I have ever had. DO NOT take any classes with Dr. Hanson. He is a tough grader and is very rude towards his students.
Do not take this class unless you want to listen to a whole bunch of stupid lecture every single day he makes no sense in comparison to sell to Hillary Clinton by using a private email of verizon
Worst professor EVER. do not take his class. Yes the class may be easy but as a professor he makes everything complicated and difficult to comprehend
Very confusing and unclear of what he wanted on papers, but wasn't a hard grader. Had 3 papers on easy topics and a few quizzes on grammar but they weren't difficult. Always canceled class. It was annoying that he wasn't clear but he was a really sweet guy and the class was easy to pass.
This guy is not clear at all and is a really bad professor. He does not teach you anything and does not seem to know what is going on half the time. He told us he would give us a good grade because he wanted a promotion. He is absolutely incompetent. I would highly not recommend this teacher if you are seriously interested in journalism.
i would take this teacher if you are looking for an easy a, but also if you are confident in your writing. if you want to take a teacher that you want to help you than i suggest taking someone else.
I should have listened to these posts when picking my classes. He is incredibly hard to understand, never answered emails. Do not take his course.
We very rarely had class and he was very hard to get ahold of. Overall the class was easy compared to other writing classes at the university but he is hard to understand
Class is soooo easy, he cancelled like 7 times, only three papers, and four quizzes that we were able to use our books on. his accent is very choppy to the point of incomprehension. When you do have class, it seems like it takes centuries. he reads at a snails pace, but its an easy A
I should have believed all the reviews on here before taking news writing. I only took it as a prerequisite for news editing but I refuse to take another class with him so it was completely pointless. I did all the work and listened to his critiques and still bombed major papers. I'm almost positive he just gave every student a B in the class. Bad.
Class seems easy in the beginning, but he grades papers ridiculously hard and never clearly explains anything. First B I ever got in my life.
WORST TEACHER EVER...i mean, he's not even a nice guy! he's rude and mean, also he cant speak english very well....he wont shut up about lindsay lohan and ashton kutcher. weirdo.
he is awful, worst teacher i have ever had. dont take him.
This guy is ridiculous. Why is a guy who doesn't even speak English as his first language teaching an English class? This guy underlined a bunch of sentences in my memoir and wrote "awkward". How were they awk? I have no idea. I am premed with a 4.0gpa.. this guy is going to screw my GPA b/c he does NOT know how to grade fairly. He givesC papers As
He has a huge accent. I had his 8 o'clock and was too tired to listen to anything that i actually could understand. I don't know what he wants you to write in your paper. You ask him a question and he gets offended. Really unorganized. I wouldn't take him again.
WORST TEACHERRR EVERRRRR. incomprehensible, grades very poorly, and overall just plain stupid. can not sell simple words like cigarette or introduction, so it's rather ironic that he's teaching writing. AVOID at ALL costs. he honestly should be fired.
Dr. J is possibly by far the worst teacher I have ever encountered. He is foreign and can barely speak/spell good English, which is ironic that he is teaching a writing course. He is the most unclear grader you will ever encounter. Due dates are also unclear constantly. If you can avoid him at all costs. I leave class angry every day because of him
Awful. The worst teacher I've ever had. Maybe, just maybe, he'd be fine in basic com classes, but I doubt it.
Very unclear about class objectives. Loves to shout (not necessarily angrily, but just in general). Good luck and God bless to those who take a class wit him.
Class is very easy but you won't learn a thing. He does let you out early and cancel class liberally. All lecture time is him reading from the book. Grading on tests is standard but on papers is ridiculous. I got a B- on my final paper because the topic was not in the form of a question. Not kidding! The class brought down my whole GPA.
Assignments are graded strictly and it is easy to get behind. It all seems arbitrary and it is hard to do well because he is a scatter-brain. He looks at you like a bug when you dispute grades until you concede defeat. Avoid at all costs!
Second time taking Dr. H. He's as unorganized and as unclear as he was when I first had him. However, News Editing seems rather easy. Maybe it's because, half the time, he don't even know where he's at or what's due. Warning: He will lose your work, but is very easy to convince. Knows his stuff, just real, real bad at teaching it. Strong accent, ye
Nice Guy. Very unorganized. Most work is done in class but when he grades he clutters the paper and gives no clear help or grade on the paper. Grades hard and expects you to read. DO NOT TAKE if avoidable.
Don't ever take this man.He is quite possibly the worst teacher of my life. He makes nothing clear. Everyone in my class is doing bad. There's no getting good grades. He makes you feel like an idiot before he ever teaches you anything.
Unorganized- "misplaced" all 4 major papers of mine, 2 of them i handed in three times... very thick accent- can not understand him at all... either he likes you or he doesn't- easy A if he does... not very understanding if he doesnt like you DONT take him... they gotta get rid of him
A real nice guy, but perhaps the worst teacher I've ever had. Unorganized ain't the word. Unworthytoteach is the word. Pay attention to him on evaulation day. He gets real nervous and actually attempts to teach.
There are no words to describe how awful he us unless you've had his class. Point is- never find out. Your soul will thank you for the reprieve.
Horrible Teacher. Tried to have a writing conference, didn't show up twice. Take someone else if possible.
How did this guy get a phd? More importantly, why is he teaching? It is IMPOSSIBLE to understand assignments, or to follow him in class
Hanson teaches Journalism, yet he stutters like a skitzo. He is the most unorganized teacher i have ever had. He is more unorganized than a junior high kid. Do not take him. He needs to be let go.
Unorganized, unclear, nice guy but ineffective professor!
This guy is impossible to understand and totally unorganized. He loses everything you turn in, and doesn't respond to phone/email. I quit the Journ minor b/c of him
If confusion and depression could be rolled up into a person, it would be Greg Kitzmiller. His questions are ridiculous and he blatantly acknowledges he's out to befuddle you with the way he words and structures questions. Only reason i passed this class was because I cut all ties from the outside world. One of my least favorite teachers so far.
It baffles me that this man has been able to hold down any job, ever. I'm not sure if he knows which way is up, and which way is down. His slide deck looks like complete garbage, he is unprofessional, and doesn't dress like a Kelley professor should. Half the class is answering clicker questions so he doesn't have to teach the whole time.
Unprofessional, unorganized, and horrible at teaching class concepts. Slides always have errors or are unclear, makes class material much more than it needs to be. LOVES to use Apple as example for everything. Shows lack of professionalism through his work and how he dressed, takes full advantage of Kelley's no formal dress code policy.
No matter what he tells you, the test is 80% vocab and 20% simple math. He will say that it's over marketing concepts but study vocab. Besides that, he is egotistical and constantly talks about his past work experience.
He is more interested in talking about his past work than about actually teaching the class. Don't bother asking questions, you won't get a direct answer and the answer you do get will be riddled with condescending or rude remarks.
He is not interested in his students at all. He is only interested at seeming "cool" and informing you of his prior career at Gatorade. Only teaches you a small spectrum of marketing...Kitz's version of marketing. Heard good things about him, but he did not live up to the hype at all. Very rude in one on one meetings.
He teaches the importance of networking, which is an absolutely critical skill to have so this is a vote in his favor. However, he lies about who he knows and recycles powerpoint throughout every class he teaches at IU. This was the easiest course I've ever taken and it was always fun cause everything he says if pretty much a lie. Dont buy the book
May be the most arrogant person I have ever come to know. Talks about himself the whole time and all his connections which dont exist, while teaching absolutely nothing. He stresses making connections which is very true, but we all know that and the class is a joke beyond that. Its a crying shame a class like this is offered at a IU, ZERO value.
Doc is a HORRIBLE professors. Nice guy, but a HORRIBLE teacher. He is very vague and confusing. He changes his mind about his "research" every class. All he talks about is himself and his connections (which aren't even that useful). Waste of class and waste of time. I will not take one of this classes again. Also, HORRIBLE test writer.
This class is worthless unless you become best friends with Doc. He makes up relationships with people to seem more interesting and popular. Students generally pay no attention in class, if they even go. He commonly goes over the same slides on multiple days. But remember, Sports is a Microcosm of Society.
Talks about himself the whole time and who he knows. And he cusses frequently in a way to connect with the students. At first, I didn't have a problem with it but now it's been overdone and is extremely unprofessional.
This guy teaches at a 3rd grade level. Talks about who he knows even though, he often has never met these people. Brings in speakers for their benefit of trying to sell you their product. You learn nothing in this class and he is very unprofessional. Def not why I pay 40K to attend IU. Luckily, there's Kelley!
Vague!
Easy class if you can cram a lot of BS into your head before each test since he teaches absolutely nothing during lectures- all he does is talk about himself. Not even a high school caliber teacher; his AI does everything for him. This guy is the biggest joke.
Doesn't really know anything. Confused the whole Roger Clemens steroid issue with Cal Ripken. Doesn't know the difference between athletes at all. Acts like he knows stuff, but a junior high kid could teach what he does. Avoid his classes at all costs, unless you want easy grade
This guy is more interested in telling the class about how well he knows Tiger and Dennis Rodman that he never taught anything. He actually told us at the begining of the semester that he was one of the most highly revered professors in his field. The class would actually laugh out loud at him while he thought we were laughing at his lame jokes.
class is really easy if you go to class and do the assignments, but doc is so annoying and only talks about himself and thinks he knows everything, but the AI does all the work!
avoid gary sailes! he is a horrible teacher and makes the AI do everything. AI posted our final grades, then Sailes changes the formula how the grades are calculated out of left field! Avoid!
Worst teacher ever. So full of himself. Gives all responsibility to an AI who doesnt do anything. Dont expect to get scantron tests back until 2 weeks after the test. Catching them at office hours can be a problem, and they dont respond to emails.
Worse class I ever took at Indiana, and I am a senior. Sailes has no clue what he is talking about unless it deals with himself. He has no knowledge of the sports industry and gets his research from google.com. So many bad things to say about this man and not enough room to say them. He is a joke, and he knows it.
Gary Sailes is the cockies guy ever. He claims to know everything, but he is just blowing smoke up his ass. Everytime he says something BS, his AI in the background is anlwasy nodding her head in disbeleif, she knows he is BS.
Motivator that lacks the ability to teach and inform. Interested in his research and not bettering students' knowledge of the subject.
Sailes is a bad teacher that does nothing while his AI teaches the class.
Difficult to take class seriously because he does not. He also has no clue what he's talking about sports wise!!! Class is worthless...
This guy is full of himself and a waste of time.
P392, P211 and P445 are all the same. There is not really a difference in the material. The tests are reused and can be difficult, because the material was not all covered in class.
middle school caliber teacher, grading is ambiguous and unfair.
There are much better X 204 professors out there. This one makes you work harder than most and her assignments are unclear. She also really gets on your nerves by the end of the class.
The worst teacher of my LIFE!!! She talks to her students like they are 12, she is extremely boring, her notes are terrible, and basically she is a dinosaur. I wouldn't have gone to her pointless classes except for her random, stupid, pop-quizzes. I would never take a class she teaches again. NOT A GOOD PROFESSOR!!!
I got an A, because I basically wrote what he wanted to hear. The guy was absent minded and boring beyond belief. I fell asleep everyday luckily there were people around to hit me and keep me awake. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!
A201 was one of the hardest classes I have ever taken. With classes being online this semester, it definitely made it worse. Prof. Head didn't really teach anything during our one live class a week and the lecture videos were just her reading the notes from the course pack. Take the class with a different professor if possible.
Teaches ok but exams are very irrelevant to the coursework from Smartbook and Connect. Her brother apparently works at the IMU bookstore in which she will half force you to buy course packets from there. Wondering if there's anything fishy between her brother and her collaboration.
Please take this course online. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HER.
Just take it in IU East
IF YOURE NOT AN ACCOUNTING MAJOR TAKE THIS THROUGH A COMMUNITY COLLEGE. If you don't think the same way accountants do, you're screwed for the exams. You have to know the material in and out and if you don't see accounting in the same perspective Julie Head does, you're guaranteed a W on your transcript. Save the grief kids, don't take it here!!
By far the worst class I have ever taken. She gives practice tests that arent like the actual tests, which have very specific theoretical questions that arent gone over. Its not enough to do practice in course packet, tests, and discussion. I did that for practice and got a B. Read the textbook and understand it. Doesnt go over whats on test
Her lecture is useless in terms of preparing for tests. Terrible professor, terrible class to take.
Julie's lectures are dry and unhelpful. Her practice tests (when she decides to give them to you--didn't for the first test) often do not correlate with the actual test and lecture material. But, those practice tests are your main study material. Only the easiest material is covered in lecture.
She will not go out of her way to help you, because she "has too many students." She is rude, selfish, and overall a very strict professor. having said that...she is predictable. Go to class, go to lab, and read the workbook. You'll do fine.
doesn't teach, she deposits info through books and lectures
she is the most akward looking person i have ever seen. looking at her for 50 miutes made my head hurt.
I wish I got quizzed on what sports her kids play and how much she hates her sister in law.
12 weeks into a semester and he gives out D's for A work and then accuses students of not knowing what a thesis is. Students got to college... they know what a thesis is. I could also really care less about his books coming out. Maybe one mention is OK but not every single class.
This is absolutely one of the worst professors/teachers I have ever had. He only cares for simple, boring stories. He forces you to write a certain way and will basically say you are a failure if you don't. He talks about himself all the time and is pompous and thinks he knows everything. He is obsessed with Janet Burroway. Avoid him at all costs.
Loves himself and no one else. Does not give any helpful criticism, only tries to make you feel that you have no abilities and he has everything. Yea the guy's been published, so have lots of bad authors, this does not justify his terrible approach to teaching. Avoid this class if you're still interested in creative writing.
He spends the whole class reading out of the textbook. Or quoting what he's memorized from the textbook. Or talking about himself. Easily the most exhaustingly boring class ever!
Should be fired. I don't know why people like him. He is arrogant and constantly talks about himself and how he knows everything.
I had him several years ago and its funny to see nothing's changed! He had an affinity for either talking about himself and his book or things he didn't know much about (like theatre--her confused stage up, down, left, right and wouldn't admit it when called on it). He was a pompuos ass and just reconfirms the fact the tenure is a dangerous thing
I can't tell if this guy's just a really well-constructed character or a walking insecurity complex. He shouldn't head the janitorial staff, let alone the CW department. Stay the hell away from his classes if you like to write.
i think the previous poster said it all.
I took this class 10 years ago, and I still remember how shamelessly he promoted his book, and how he ruthlessly brought students to tears. I now teach Creative Writing, and in the most inadvertent way, he showed me volumes about how NOT to teach. Teachers needn't hide behind their books or make comments at the expense of their students' humanity.
Easily the worst professor I've ever had.
Patronizing; major insecurity/bully complex; refuses to answer valid ?s; monotonous personal anecdotes; loves talk about self; ****; plays favorites; makes AIs enforce strict rules, then undermines them so undergrads think HE is the nice one. Feel SORRY for his AIs. They all suffer & hate him too.
not only the worst professor i've ever had, but the worst teacher i've ever had since kindergarten. total pompous blowhard. avoid at all costs!
ugh... made me hate writing, too! so glad to hear it wasn't just me!
This was supposed to be a creative writing class. I love writing but we only did poetry. I'm not saying poetry isn't creative writing, but it was the only think we did for days. We were unable to express ourselves and focused on her biases. We had to prioritize what she wanted and couldn't explore different form's of creative writing.
I never saw this professor once. She sent a TA in to teach the class and the TA had no idea what he was doing. I have never experienced a more disorganized, boring, joke of a class. Take it if you want an easy A but don't expect to learn anything.
Extremely disorganized, insecure, and overly-demanding. She never makes her expectations clear. Capable of being cruel and caustic. Beware.
Completely inconsistant and unreliable. Doesn't outline the grading system and doesn't update the gradebook. Try your hardest to take this course with a different prof.
Always show up for the lecture section-quizzes are based on tiny details from the text. Lectures are boring and unorganized and unhelpful. Your AI will have to get you through the class. She's flighty and loves group poetry-she'll probably want to make a recording of you. Has lots of problems with OnCourse and never follows grammar rules in email.
Very disorganized! Very difficult to talk to during office hours.
I took the century of women,I was hoping it would be an inspirational experience to learn about the amazing women from different backgrounds. However,I was really disappointed with the amount of prejudice the professor showed towards Muslim women. The lectures and readings were heavily biased towards Muslim women.All women should be respected!
Grading is extremely subjective, and counts points off for not including things that were never mentioned in the question. The class avg for multiple tests was around 75%, and he blamed the students for "not studying enough" when I spent 3 hours preparing for it. Also includes material on homework not covered in class. Would not recommend his class
My goodness. Do yourself a favor, just take it during the school year. Horrible lectures, extremely dry material. Turns an interesting subject into a lullaby. Way too specific on test questions for easy concepts. MUST READ THE BOOK TO PASS. Dwells on unimportant topics. Gets off track easily. HORRIBLE LECTURES. Need i say more? Don't take this guy.
Every UT upperclassman told me to drop his class or switch out when I said I had this teacher for AWR. I didn't listen, and now I wish there was a way I could blacklist teachers from being put on my schedule ever again. Worst teacher ever. He doesn't even teach and grades horribly. He has to have tenure or something... how is he still working here?
I wouldn't recommend taking any class with Dr. Hollist as a teacher. There's not really anything good to say about him. Clear power dynamic between him & students & he takes advantage of that, will do anything to make sure you can't get an A, no matter how hard you try. Even the toughest Harvard professors would say he's excessive and terrible.
I've racist, sexist teachers, but dealing with Dr. Hollist is WORSE. Unnecessarily difficult, harsh grader, unfair, will ensure you don't get an A on your assignments, even if your work perfectly matches the rubric, doesn't follow his own policies but expects you to. Had to fight for a good grade in his class. If he's on your schedule, switch ASAP.
DO NOT TAKE! He is a very harsh grader. I never struggled with writing until I took this class. He talks very slow and expects you to understand everything. He WILL embarrass you in front of the class. 10/10 would not take again!
very nice man, but talks extremely slow and can be boring. He tends to act like he knows all, which can be difficult if he looks down upon you, but he truly tries to be nice. Don't take HON classes with him.
DO NOT TAKE! ]Professor is extremely rude, will embarrass you. His class makes no sense he does not ever explain assignments, just expects you to know what is going on and then will grade your work extremely harshly. Will say one thing in class then the next day will say the complete opposite thing, and it's your fault if you mess that up.
Worst teacher I've had at UT, confusing and hard to understand when he talks. All you do all semester is write essays for him which he grades impossibly. Adds random assignments not on the syllabus that are due the same night. Avoid if you can
He grades as if this is a class full of Harvard scholars. The class is supposed to be an easy first year class, but was not treated like one. I struggled to even get a B. He is the worst professor I have ever taken and I would not recommend him to anyone. Expect lots of homework and for your GPA to drop.
Do not take him, I repeat, do not. I wish I read stuff other people say about this guy before I got into his class. Sure, he is a nice guy. But his instructions are absolutely unclear (he thinks that he is..), a hardcore grader, will not let you leave early unless the fire alarm comes on. If you are taking him, I salute to your bravery.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Worst professor at UT. He is absolutely rediculous with grading and is unclear about directions about our two major essay assignments worth 50% of our grade. The person below me explains this perfectly. His voice also makes me want to fall asleep.
Worst professor at UT. I believe this say it all.
As a student to loves to write and enjoys english classes, I must say I am very disappointed. At first I felt his class would be interesting but he makes us do all these assignments which isn't a problem, but when it isn't done his way he gives you a horrible score on it. Also his directions are very unclear
He's a great guy but a horrible teacher. He will make you re-write a poem so that it contains a "beginning, middle and end," and he even re-wrote and rearranged one of my poems without my permission for an in-class critique. Lectures are repetitive and he is not clear about grading - grades depend on his mood and opinion.
Insane Grading system. It has to be his way and no other. the lectures go on and on about pointless stuff. Attendance is mandatory! Papers focus on the same topic and they are all argumentative! Almost everyone in my class got the grade which was around a 76.. All i have to say is screw Jean Kilbourne! Stay AWAY
Ridiculous on grading and takes away all the true writing skills you have learned. Won't defend any of his critiques. Long lectures that repeat. Absurd critiquing on papers that will never give you higher than a 78 on even when Saunders Center disagrees with his critiques. Don't waste your time putting in so much work when it won't help your grade.
Very hard to get a decent grade. He expects you to be magnificent at writing his specific way right from the get go. Very opinionated on his essays..if you dont write how he thinks...your grade suffers.
Professor Hollist is the worst mistake for taking a class. He is long, boring and talks about the same thing over and over again. You will not learn anything with this professor, and he will try to analyze every word of your essay to a state of incomprehension. He will give you horrible grades for no reason and will not teach you anything.
most horrible long borring class taken.powerpoints are 2hours usually,talks non stop about nothing, Grading is unfair he does not stick to his rubrics, grades depend what mood he is in. one paper class av 95 next paper 75. only paper that counts is MIOP (40%) class av 74. grades impossible cant use words is are was it tobe in papers.do not take him
The Worst Proffesor i have ever had.
I dropped his class after the first 2 days because he was so difficult to understand and not at all helpful!
Very unhelpful and unclear.
Worst teacher in this school, teaches the class as if we were in 3rd grade, teaches you how to use a comma and perios - waste of time and awful grader
Do not take this professor. You will probably fail if you do.
Great person, but a bad teacher. I just wanted to pass the course and got a bad grade, but it's ok. Just do not take this teacher. Trust me. The class with any teacher will be difficult regardless tho.
Ok professor. He doesn't really explain things very well. Expects you to teach yourself. He plays politics. You think he'll be fair on your grade, but he'll give you the lower grade at the end to CYA. He has a CPA, but not a real Phd, DBA whatever that is. Drones on about his hockey days. Blah, blah, blah. He passable. Fair
He was a terrible professor this summer. He seems to be burnt out and bitter. As a grad student I didn't pay extra for insults...
He was very mono-toned. I literally could not keep up with his notes because he would write random words on the board (with very bad hand-writing) and go off on different tangents about other ideas. Worst professor at IU so far!
Horrible professor. Mumbles and says "umm" A LOT during lectures. The lectures don't seem to relate at all to the readings at times and the class was generally very disorganized. By the end of the semester, I felt like I hadn't learned a thing. Waste of time and tuition dollars.
This teacher is hard to understand in class, and to take notes on when every other word is um, and about another topic. The TA grades almost everything though which is good. maybe he just doesn't know how to "connect with his students" i do not recommend his who am i class tho- not interesting at all! hes rated one of the worst teachers in his dpt.
Well intentioned but useless. He is far and away the weakest thinker and the worst teacher in the department.
professor is very monotonous, and unkempt. He speaks in circles and with redundancy, while not even speaking about a point. He makes pointless refrences to abstract topics. Also, I filled my "I give a sh*t" bottle with 2 monsters and waited till class to drink them. I still fell asleep
If you like a professor saying "um" or "uh" about 490 times in a 50 min class (yes we counted!) then sure take a class from him. But I will NEVER take another class from him again thats for sure. Good Luck with him if you do!
doesn't have a clue. maybe it makes sense in his mind, but he certainly can't articulate anything. fortunately, i was able to get b's in both classes i had with him despite going to class on any days other than test days. awful professor.
Rambles about everything. Going to his class does not teach anything. Expects you to know come test time, yet he has never taught you anything. Definately in need of some structure.
vague lectures... he and his assistants are unhelpful... and one day his shoes mismatched.....
A mental midget. Seek your philosophy elsewhere.
Because of him, I HATE philosophy. IU should get rid of him and Sharon Brehm.
Very confusing. He does not allow the use of personal computers in the computer science course, and he fails to show running examples in class. By the time you get to assignments, you are extremely confused as you have seen no examples.
Worst teacher at alma. Lots of pointless discussions, pointless lectures, and pointless reading.
Worst teacher at Alma I have had. Boring! How did he get a doctorate in anything unless it was a subject for the stupidest people in college? Tests and quizzes are either too easy or too hard. He is here for the money not for students.
The most unlikeable person I have ever met. No one in the class could stand him. His wife is nice but he has no good qualities. Maybe the college could give him some kind of job where he never has to be around people. Avoid his classes.
This guy is sort of full of himself. I think he tries to play it off like he is this really humble guy, but then he turns around and subtly talks about all the great things he's done. As for the class, we never stuck to the syllabus, and he loved trying to be controversial, only problem was nobody in our class ever took the bait. Wouldn't recommend
I complained about my grade and he told me "A BC is a perfectly respectable grade and even generous based on your written work." He is a jerk! Says he wants students to "think" "reflect" on journal assignments and not write one sentence answers to his questions. "Don't just repeat what I say." How can you know what he wants if he doesn't tell you?
If Makarios's classes didn't fill up and there were not DR's no one would take his courses.
The only people impressed with Stratton's intelligence are probably the worst students at Alma. The most intelligent students avoid him and I should have listended to the warnings. Take real professors who teach real subjects.
Very Terrible Professor. He grades way too harshly and does not give you any way to improve your scores on papers. Most of the papers are in class and he still expects you to write like Shakespeare only given 50 minutes. If you don't like poems get out of the class ASAP because some papers are based off of poems
He's an "instructor" not a "teacher". He's very opinionated and unpleasant - seems bitter. Grading of papers is arbitrary - no rubric - and even with only a couple minor remarks the highest paper grade I received was an 89%. Final is 10 vocab words you define. Aced it, squeaked by with a 90.25% (yay, A!) and he seemed irritated to say when I asked.
Worst professor I have ever had. First day, he tells the class that funerals are not an excused absence. Therefore, you will be deducted points for a very reasonable reason to be absent. Do not take him for this class.
Not an ez grader. Drop whle u can.
He gave a quiz the first week!!
Don't take him unless you have to
Do not take this professor. He expects you to write like William Shakespeare and his expectations are very high. This is just a regular composition II class but he takes it out to be as an advanced course. If you are currently enrolled bail out now and head to ANY professor but him!
he plays favorites and you will know right away if you are one of them. he will make you feel stupid for asking questions, unles you are his favorite. if he does not like your writting style, you will not do well in his class. i suggest never taking him if at all possible....and i wish i would have read this before i took his class!!!!!
I did good on some papers and quizzes and turned most papers in. But he wouldn't cut me any slack.
I h8 2 many readings. I h8 lo grades 2.
Obertino is hands down the worst teacher on campus!!! AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS!!! If you're taking World Masterpieces be prepared for nonstop quizzes over random definitions that he gives, if one word is wrong then you probably wont get credit for it.
Grades way to strickt.
A lot of reading in class. Class consists of teacher going over reading you just read, very boring.
I have Comp II with him. He is a horrible teacher. He is very random with his grading scale. He told me on one paper that I had a good understanding of the assignment and that I used good examples. Minus some grammer mistakes it was good. My grade...67.
He is a horrible professor! He definitely made my cry the other day after my tutorial!
Some people don't like him. His teaching style is VERY...useless. He would read poem after poem and analyze it for the class. It was boring, but his attitude was funny. He talked about death a lot, and told my class to call him Mr. Sunshine! haha
I HATE THIS GUY WITH A PASSION.. Horrible experience, don't take him if you have no interest in literature. Pop Quizzes all the time, horrible test essays worth 50% of grade. He is mean, don't ever talk back to him or he'll patronize and belittle you infront of everyone. If you don't like to read book after book after book - STAY AWAY!!!
His idea of extra credit is to offer additional questions at the end of a quiz, but if you get the extra credit wrong, it will subtract points from your quiz score. for example if you get 10 out of 10 on the quiz and attempt two extra credit questions and get them wrong your grade for the quiz will be 8 out 10. This really sucks!!
While I'm doing very well in this class, I wouldn't recommend it. He scares you out of taking it. All I have to say is read the assigned material and you'll do fine on the quizzes. He has a lot of in class papers, so if you get stressed easily, i wouldn't take it.
Good class, a lot of reasing. If you don't have the time to read. don't take this class. If you do the reading, you will do great. Injects his opinion in nearly every class, so if you really don't like Bush, you'll probably enjoy it. Has an odd personality, but still amusing. Not very helpful, and definately tries to intimidate students. Not for everyone, but if you enjoy a challenge, again, you'll do okay.
While I understand this is an English class, his expectations are high. If your do the reading (which there is a lot of), you will do okay. He does seem to try and scare the students, and he injects his strange opinions into everything.
I am a working man with a family not a book worm English major. How about a course that shows movies and has alot less reading.
he was horrible, all he talked about was politics..i was enrolled in an american lit class not poli sci...he preached...didn't teach..said he was open minded...he aparrently doesnt understand the concept.
It was the worst course I have ever had. Dr. Obertino thinks he knows more than the students!!!! I hate that, He is singleminded and criticizes everything and everyone
No conceptual feedback or guidance from the professor. The writing assignments are just ensuring that we can write an essay, dbl spaced, in 1-2 pages. Too little room to provide any rich discussion or fleshing out of ideas, and she doesn't support that in class discussion. The assignments undermine the potential value of the class.
This woman is teaching graduate courses and does not know how to grade papers. I have a B.A. in English and haven't recieved a grade lower than A- on a paper in two years. She gives me a C- for a theory I had developed from two previous papers which both got A's and alot of interest and highly positive feedback.
I am sure Dr. Chafel is a very person but, I can honestly say that I never saw that side of her. She was never clear in what she really wanted and I never could tell what grade I would get on an assignment because she is very inconsistent. It's time to retire, Dr. Chafel! You are losing your mind!
he says how much he hates you by spelling it through the veins on his forhead
unfair, rude. makes a 100 level course a 400 level.
very rude&unrespectful towards students.makes class harder than what it is. jerk
She is not prepared for lectures and is not responsive via email
Boring, boring, boring. Ridiculously long homework and even more ridiculous exams.
The class was so boring. She's hard to follow, a bad lecturer and kind of crazy too.
If you are enrolled in this class, drop it now while you still have the chance! It's my lifes biggest regret that I didn't.
The absolute worst class I have ever taken at IU in my entire life. She is the most boring teacher I have ever had and teaches her class like a Ph.D. class would be taught. The tests are all essay and it takes the full class time to take them. This class ruined my senior year.
This was the most irritating class I ever took. Dr. Hoffman has the most grating and shrill voice. She would often interupt her guests to put in her two sense on subjects that she has no clue about. I could barely tolerate her...
Unclear with notes and unaccesible.
I disliked this class very much
Avoid
He basically hands you all the lectures for the entire semester and leaves you to it. There's practically nothing to balance your grade, only an essay, midterm, and a final. I did 't receive any feedback on my essay, leaving me unsure as to why I received the grade I did. Also, grades were put in VERY late(2months). Same with the midterm and final.
Dr. Shulman gave the most boring lectures I've ever had to sit through. The class is based entirely off of 3 tests, and those are the only grades you get. 1/3 of the tests are based off of the textbook, which he doesn't cover at all in class. Overall, a difficult class that was really boring and frustrating because he teaches so poorly.
Mistakes are a natural part of the learning process. She disagrees. There were many times in my class when someone would ask a question and say something wrong and she would laugh. She also cold calls people and doesn't agree with other people's analysis. The final is extremely hard as well.
I took a French Literature honors class with her and dropped it - after writing an analysis of a quote, she typed people's responses(she knew who wrote what, class did not) on the overhead. She called on me to read mine, and further went on to criticize it in front of the class. I have never been more angered at a professor in my life.
She makes me want to drop this class and I only have a few weeks left! I have not learned anything in this class except not to share my opinion because it will most likely be wong. I just sit quietly in class and try to catch what the homework is because she doesn't write it down or use blackboard. This is extreemly inconvenient.
nice lady but very confussing and judgemental. not someone who i would recommend to anyone. she tends to try to make her students learn for themselves but no one is paying to learn for themselves but to be taught by someone who "knows" or is very knowledgeable in the subject!
Pleasant and very gifted in English, but very subjective grading scale based on her opinion of your opinions more often than not. May need a class in human learning theory, as she is not good at breaking down what it is she expects of us, so very little learning actually occurs. Proof that experts are not always the best teachers.
Pleasant and smart but very subjective grading scale based on her opinion of your opinions more often than not. May need a class in human learning theory, as she is not good at breaking down what it is she expects of us, so very little learning actually occurs. Proof that experts are not always the best teacher, I just hope I pass :S
Nice lady, but very confusing. Everyone is right about her grading system. She says you have to know yourself how well you're doing with the homework she hands back. The problem is a lot of the homework doesn't even get a normal grade...it's a - or + or simply a check mark. She grades assignments very tough, even if it's a creative piece.
If you have Sallee Prieto as a professor DROP THIS CLASS. I looked her up before the class and I wish I had heeded the warnings. She is just awful, she pushes her feminist bias on you and you don't learn a single thing in her class, ever. SHE IS AWFUL!
Seems like the class is just a platform for her to voice her opinions. She has gotten into verbal sparring matches with students.
Her grading system is full of crap. She does not follow the colleges grading system, she makes her own hard to understand one.
Terrible teacher very unclear would recommended dropping if you get her
The worst teacher I have ever had good luck trying to find out what your grade in the class is.
She is a terrible teacher. Good luck finding out what is actually assigned, as she is extremely unclear on assignments. There were times when the class would meet and she'd mark us down because we didn't do homework that she never assigned. Nothing in the class was of any usefulness, and the whole class was pretty much self taught.
Prieto was the worst teacher I've had in my life. Her assignments in class sound great - but: her grading critique is over the top, her lack of direction or do-what-you-feel approach usually results in a "do the paper again," response. She LOVES to talk about herself. After her long bio, there is no time for students to learn how to really write.
A subject I love, but she ruined it for me. Whats with all the feelings? Told me to write a personal story, then told me I needed therapy. I- search paper is stupid, prepare to do it 2x. Doesn't want any actual research. Good luck figuring out what your grade is before the end. Doesn't give anything back. And PLEASE don't try and have an opinion.
I felt as though she was very one sided. She would tell you to use your own opinion, but then tell you that you are wrong. You are always wrong according to her. Ever since the 1st day in her class she never agreed with me. I had answered her & she told me I was wrong, then someone else answered w/ my answer & they were right. You DO NOT want her!!
This teacher should not be teaching at this school or any for this matter. She does not explain things thoroughly and she always wants to be right although sometimes she ws wrong. You learn nothing in this class because you can't express your opinion whatever she says goes, it's her way or no way! I believe that she is prejudice!
This professor is very one sided, her side. She is not easy to communicate with and her instructions are no backed by examples. If you want to pass this class and not feel stressed or like you are in the dumb club get a new teacher.
After missing two classes, she will drop you. Assignments are vague. She does not return emails and does not have office hours. She passes you off to the writing center if you need help. Lectures are to help "cognitive thinking" and not writing. Instead of talking about the style of the author, we talked about the topic in the article.
THE worst professor on the face of this planet! DO NOT take her EVER! She WILL certainly NOT allow you to express your opinions. She is ALWAYS right no matter what. Don't argue with her, it's a waste of time. She has no direction and should NOT be allowed to teach. By far the worst class ever. Change professors ASAP!!!
Yeah, pretty much she doesnt explain any of her assignments. One time we wen to the library for 3 hours! We had to work on an I Search paper, I did the assingment in 1 hour and she said it was all wrong... and I had to redo it. FIND ANOTHER TEACHER! PLEASE!
CLASS SUCKED...AND THATS ALL I GOT TO SAY ABOUT THAT
Seems like the class is just a platform for her to voice her opinions. She has gotten into verbal sparring matches with students. She is never clear about her assignments, she won't collect half of them anyways. The ones she does collect you won't see for a month, she takes that long to grade them. My advise: FIND ANOTHER PROFESSOR, ANY PROFESSOR
This teacher no matter what will not explain clearly.She also won't let you have opinions. She also expects way more than you can put out.She doesn't try to hard to keep the unorderly in order.When being sarcastic she'l assume that you don't want to learn
she's not going to like anything you have to say by ways of opinion. if you try to keep it objective, she'll force you into subjectiveness and then pick it apart. recommended to those of weak will.
She is the worst teacher ever. She doesn't help with assignments and won't explain. She won't tell you that you are wrong she will just say that you aren't right.
Where to start? Very unclear, petty will tell you your opinion and expect you to regurgitate it on command, is a raging feminist, and doesn’t tell you what is expected – it’s very hard to gauge where you stand. She often grades on a whim. If she l
she is the worst teacher i have ever had!!
Boring classes and, she is a horrible teacher. drop the class if you have her.
Changes her mind on what the actual assignment is repeatedly.
The worst person let alone teacher ever! It doesn't get ANY worse than her class
when u see her name on your schedule... drop the class!
didnt make tests easy. graded hard on tests.
Horrible! I am taking Math for Elementary Teachers, she is supposed to teach us how to teach and she does not even care to teach us anything! does not go over anything in the chapter and expects us to know everything. how are we supposed to teach is we dont understand the material. she makes people feel stupid. she is rude and not helpful at all.
Ihope if this teacher can stop teaching .She doesnot know how to teach at all. And vrey hard to understand becouse she came to class at 6;00 and finish at 7;00 giving sheets and homework .That is all what she does .if you want to be in her class you will feel for sure.
She is very slow and monotone, when you ask her a question it takes another student to answer the question. She is also very slow, takes it a long time to do anything...like say what problem to look at on a page. I wouldn't ever take her.
terrible prof. she was nice and had a decent personality, but her teaching style was BS. also, when a student, myself included, asked for clarification on a problem, she kinda ridicules you when shes explaining the problem.
She was by far the worst teacher I have ever encountered. When asked how we would use the information in teaching math she would not explain. The class was for Teaching Elementary Math, avoid her at all cost if you want to be more confused about information.
I finished the course with >95%. That said, she has no idea what she's doing. Grade policy is convoluted, the book sucks, the syllabus is confusing, she doesn't cover her material in lecture, forces lab TA's to teach you. Monotone, poor explanations, tests are nearly identical to homework, but test questions can be vague or stupid. Not pleasant.
Is very knowledgeable in the field of physics, but is sometimes not effective in explaining things. She talks about major concepts as if you already completely understand them, and skips right to the equations you have to learn.
She has the worst lectures I have had here in Fayetteville. She is completely monotone and you have to stay because there is a quiz everyday. There is also a HW (sometimes 2) due everyday. All of the HW is over material not covered because she wants you to "learn out of the book too". Overall she is horrible.
Talks over your heads, is standoffish to questions just because YOU don't have a PhD, homework is busywork and takes an eternity. You don't do any physics, you do Gay's favorite homework problems asked 1000 times. I had to fight her to get an A. If you don't go to lab, you won't learn the material from your TAs, which is the only way you can.
She's smart, but horrible at teaching the material. She is monotone, does not give you enough time to write out notes, and relies on you to look at powerpoint slides which really no one does, she is mean when it comes to e-mails, one on one in person she is okay. Her homework is unfair, and if you expect to learn anything it will be from the TA's.
She has a quiz and homework over the material before she teaches it to you, and has no personality in front of a class. Half of the class is asleep and the other half is doing a crossword puzzle. I like physics, and I hated this class. Don't take this class unless you have to.
Horrible class, horrible teacher. The only thing you learn is what you care to from the awesome lab TAs. The "book" is extremely vague and hard to search through as there is no index, though it is almost a mandatory read due to the homework being based on material not yet covered in lecture!
Horrible teacher. shes the worst teacher ive ever had, lectures are pointless she doesnt teach anything i had to teach myself everything. Her lab TA's are the only people who teach anything. I cant believe the university actually pays her money for what she does.
She is not any good, but she is the only UPI teacher so you will just have to put up with her.
She is an awful teacher but if you're taking UPI, you don't have much choice so here's how to do well: Buy a couple of REAL textbooks online (used = inexpensive) to help you because the class textbook is useless. Working homework: google the type of problem and find a worked out example. I can't emphasize enough how much those 2 things saved me.
very bad teacher....only way i learned anything was from my lab teacher....class sucked, and she assigned homework over a subject she hadn't even covered in class..
Her lectures are boring. She chooses great TA's mostly-- the only reason I have an A right now is because of my TA. Go to office hours. Your homework is on your test. Do your homework.
ARRRRRGGGHHH!!! I liked physics BEFORE that class, now I never want to hear the word Physics again
bring a pillow to this class.. you wont learn anything from lecture but go for drop points. BAD TEACHER.
is a totally lousy teacher,the book is totally unhelpful,though her grading system is truly beneficial.make sure you join a study group with brilliant students in it,so as to actuallu understand the material.doing homework is a good idea
we need another physics teacher. she knows her stuff but cant teach
So I noticed someone comment not to listen to "those idots" who were saying bad things about this professor... it has been brought to our attention that the comment was actually made by the professor... pretty lame if you ask me.
She's fairly inadequate as a teacher but don't tell her that. She'll quote all sorts of credentials such as her status at the College Board, etc. Such credentials only destroy faith in the College Board in this poor college student's ever humble opinion
She is a nice person, but her class has no structure. The book she uses isnt even completed. It has no index and no tables with formulas. I am just thankful that I had a good Physics teacher in high school, because otherwise I would be completely lost.
Horrible teacher. I went to class, did the homework, but learned little to nothing from her. However, it's an easy class because there are tons of extra points.
i hated this class with a passion. way too much work, way too little explanation. she sucks!
Spam head above is a liar.All know how terrible class, textbook & teacher is.
If you haven't taken a Calculus class previous to him then you will not pass. I had an Override because i completed Trigonometry in high school but it DID NOT prepare me for Meek. He's so high above the level of the class that he makes it harder than it seems and confuses you. Would not recommend unless you already know Calculus.
Dr. Meek is a great guy, but he I just could not get into his teaching style at all. If you learn by examples being worked, then he isn't for you. His test are fairly easy, but he will try to trick you every once in awhile. Do all the book homework he gives and online stuff and you will be ok though.
He's very unclear when he speaks. The class hasn't been impossible but I've taught myself everything out of the text book. Avoid him if possible but if absolutely mandatory an a is doable.
very partial
Zero feedback for final or midterm projects, just a grade. Most of the course was web based, course materials expensive, used poor examples and encouraged ethically ambiguous behavior at best. Do not take this class if you want an involved professor who gives feedback on projects or justifications for grades.
Just dont do it... you'll thank me later.
In all honesty, the worst professor I've had (and I'm a people lover). Oftentimes he didn't even know the answers to his own test questions! Useless if you need help or want him to explain something. He's too distracted with his business to care about the class. The only positive thing I can say about his class is that his guest speakers are good.
its really hard
She did not know how to use the software. I would have been better off taking this class online. I have 7+ years experience with Photoshop, and even when I completed an assignment in it's entirety, following every direction to a T, I would get an 8 /10 sometimes. I think she disliked me because the class met twice a week and I would only attend one
Nice, but does not know how to use the software. Doesn't seem real comfortable using computers at all. If u ask a question she is not able to answer, will refer you to a tutor that does know how to use photoshop. The tutors in the lab are very helpful and should teach the class. They know the material better than the teacher.
Class was easy, but only because I already had a knowledge of Photoshop coming in. The professor wouldn't respond to e-mails until after the assignments were due. The only time I interacted with her directly, she had a bit of "technical difficulties", which is absurd for a computer professor.
Heavy workload, but got a perfect score every time on every assignment. Never receive feedback on assignments. Mistakenly submitted an incomplete assignment once and still got a perfect score. So easy to get a good grade as it seems you get credit for submitting anything. Good class if you want to boost your gpa.
Had her last winter. Always was unorganized and often seemed confused. After awhile stopped asking questions because she would never really answer them. Probably did not know the answers herself. Just went through the book myself. Should have just taken online.
Shes clueless about Photoshop or illustrator. I learned everything from students or my self avoid all together regret paying for such class. unorganized.
I'm in the same class. I'm suppose to take my skills learned from this class to my job. But she can't answer any of the questions because she has NO idea how to create a spreadsheet. My employer is going to want the money back. She's nice enough, but has no idea what is going on and that doesn't help me learn the software.
she doesnt clearly state how to do assignments.
Pitiful teacher. Very disorganized. The students teach each other as she does not know how to use a computer or the software. Talks alot about her personal life. Her grading is unfair. Im not sure she is the one that is grading your work. Seems unfamiliar with grade when you ask about a grade "she" assigned.
Clueless. Don't bother asking any questions cause she will not know the answer. She has not done any of the assignments herself (I don't think she knows how). Will just tell you to start over or send you to the lab to ask a tutor. The class is a joke.
very poor teacher she know nothing about Photoshop or illustrator. Don't waste your time or money taking her class.
I took this class to improve graphic skills in my current job, not for the college credits. Turns out I know more about Illustrator and Photoshop then the teacher. Her rare explanations are more confusing than helpful. I have an elementary knowledge about graphics, but unfortunately the teacher does not. Disappointing and a waste of money.
Completely unorganized and knows zip about Photoshop. Doesn?t use blackboard and takes forever to grade your work. Never really sure if I did something right because I get no real feedback that?s useful. She doesn?t know how to do the assignments herself, so you?re lost if you can?t figure it out on your own.
If you want a class where you can go at your own pace and like to teach yourself, this is a fun class, especially if you have a friend with you. Judy has no idea what she's doing but its cute. She's a little old to be teaching!
She is old and clueless. It's so hilarious. You pretty much teach yourself because she has no idea how to work a computer.
Very scatterbrained and unorganized. My grades would be listed one week and disappear the next. I would ask how to do something and she wouldn't know how because she hadn't done it herself.
Has no clue what she's doing.
Nice prof. Disorganized though. I was glad I knew something about photoshop and illustrator prior to taking. Sad it was an INTRO class and anyone who needed help she said, "well you need to go see a tutor" since she was teaching it- she should have taken the time to do it not just shuffled them off! She doesn't know the programs herself!!!!!!!!
Nice lady but, she is more of a preschool teacher than college professor. Easy A if you can read and follow directions--should've been an online class 'cause she really didn't explain much.
She was very disorganized. I got the sense she knew nada of the subject. Other's in class knew more than her and worked ahead. Her "methods" were annoying; i.e. grading, attendance, and teaching. This class could've SHOULD'VE been online.
A pathetic excuse for a teacher. Totally disorganized and doesn't know much about the subject she teaches; as a matter of fact she expects her students to assist her when she doesn't know something. Completely useless in the help dept and wastes time talking about her personal life. Avoid her like the plague!!
She makes decisions about 3 seconds in advanced. She knows little of what she teaches, can not keep her grade book straight, and does not teach you anything other than what the book allready says. Very easy 100 if you do the work. You can work at your own pace also
A nice lady, but not very educated in the Computer Arts field. The classes were more of self taught classes and more likely than not you turn to other students for help. I learned a lot, but not from her. If you want an easy class, just for the credits, this is a great one. But if you came to really learn a lot, you'd be better off buying an illustrator or photoshop book on your own to figure it out.
gives you all assignments ahead of time and encourages you to finish way before finals just so you have one less to do but when you get done really fast she gets mad and won't grade your stuff until the offical due date
Awful teacher! Should definitely retire! Doesn't know a thing about what she's teaching. Doesn't come prepared and messes up grades. Most of the students in her class know more about the subject than her! Students deserve a better quality education!
Very nice person, but a horrible teacher for this class. Had no idea how to use the software, and never could answer student questions.Very difficult if you aren't an art major, she's expects perfection, which is almost impossible.
NOOOO >:O
Parkerson may be the worst professor I've ever had. He loves talking about the good old days and goes off on tangents that have nothing to do with the course. These sometimes last for the entire class period. He doesn't explain things clearly and often refuses to elaborate. Avoid at all costs - especially if you're a CSCE major!
She just try to pick on my speech and ****ing small grammatical mistakes. You guys are right! She likes to play favorites. I should have found out about this and drop her class on the second week.
Waste of time and money. I think csu only hired this instructor to teach public speaking because they couldn't afford to get one with a degree. I agree with the rest of the students who say she did play favorites. That's no joke. I'm currently taking this course right now, and I have never had such terrible instructor. Poor teaching skills!
DO NOT take this course unless you know for sure YOU'RE one of her favorite students. He previous students have warned me about this instructor and they were right. This professor is full of****. I'm a student who actually likes to be challenged but this teacher was not a challenge. Her grading was unfair. DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE!
She always has her favorites and if your not her favorite she won't care for you. She does not even teach anything but just talks about her kids and husband. Who Cares!! I recommend not to take this class with Katherine Eddy.
Want to know how perfect she is? Take the class, she'll tell you...every day
so sure his way of doing things is right that he rips apart all other stories--leaves little room for student to decide how to write the story. not approachable and unclear about grading
He just isn't very clear about things- He tries to be helpful, but communicating to a class doesn't seem to work out well.
This is at least the third time I've had a professional teach a class, and I still have to say that professors are best for teaching and professionals are good for guest speakers. He leaves really no room for reporting style. He's also very petty with his comments.
No help or any assistance coming from the professor himself. Everything is graded by the TAs who are extremely harsh and unprofessional. Be prepared to read 300 pages and write 1000+ words each week.
Cullather is the most dull & monotone professor Ive yet to have. I literally fell asleep once in his history lecture because it was like he was giving a speech, not lecturing students. I feel like he had unrealistic expectations of students for a freshman level class. This 100 level class was my hardest one of the year, which is saying something.
Boring boring boring boring boring. Only attended the first few weeks of his lectures because the course grades come exclusively from things done in section discussions.
Professor Cullather is one of the worst professors I have had while at IU. And this class (the Kennedys) is awful. I am a senior history major and I got a B+, and I actually really liked the Kennedys before this class. Cullather made the course dull and boring. For a freshman level class this course was ridiculous. Steer clear of Cullather!!
EXTREMELY difficult class! He is an expert but does not simplify it enough for a 100 level class. Everything is fair game on exams, no study guide!
He sucks...he uses his TIs to do all the work and he is never clear on what he wants...Very tough class if your not expecting alot of work.
Knows a lot, but your A.I will do all the grading. Be lucky.
He speaks very well. However, his test was tricky and did not go with what he specifically told us to study. He insulted me by saying it was because I had never had a hard class before and asked if I had studied. Um yea, I studied. More than I ever had. I was freaking Valedictorian in high school! I'm not stupid . he needs to get overhimself
I understand that college is hard. I have hard classes. But when a class of about 180+ cannot seem to succeed, it reflects very poorly on the professor. He needs to rethink the way that he teaches. He needs to also improve his test making skills. Also, he needs to find another Grad assistant because his is confusing. Dr. R. was disappointing.
His tests do not reflect what he suggests you study. His book is useless and we have to buy it since he wrote it. He is unhelful and I think he enjoyed ruining everyone's GPA's!
He is hard, BUT good looking and a good speaker. Too bad it takes more than that to be a good mentor and teacher. Take someone else.
I think the previous statements were all very misleading. Yes, he is hot. However, his tests are very tricky and he does not curve even though the highest grade out of 250 was a 80%. To have a C or low B in his class meant your were doing well. He is suave but uncaring. Take someone else.
Knock off misleading students about this guy! Do not let charm or eloquence ruin your GPA. He is so full of himself, his lectures and those of his assistants do not match his cumbersome syllabus or his tests. Isn't it interesting that his scantroned tests result in no A's but many B's, D's. and F's
Listening to his ramblings was so very tiresome; infuriating, too--after all, one way or another, I paid for the course. And he got paid. Good poet? No. Flashes of brilliance in the occasional phrase, and sometimes an entire (shorter) poem offers an effect above average for a little magazine's offerings. In sum, his lectures and poems are flabby.
Terrible, terrible, terrible. Completely unprofessional, frazzle-brained, and delusional.
The lectures were dull. I'm glad it's over.
This professor is for the simple student. If you simply want to hear tall tales of Ireland and Paris, then this man is your man. He'll talk about facts he's made up, and will exagerate any poet's life to benefit his tall tale of (former) hyper-masculinity. Don't expect a class with no sense of purpose because it's his world, and only his.
Good Christ it is time for the Heff to retire. I had him for Creative Writing and Poetry, and both times he just rambles. Never ever subject yourself to a class with Heffernan. My favorite moment was when a fellow student wrote a poem mocking his tendency to talk about his ex-wife all the time, and everyone in the class but Heff got the joke.
Took him years ago: When asked if students could turn in handwritten poems, he launched into a 30 minute lecture on the history of paper (Egypt, Papyrus, etc) and still managed to avoid answering the question. You're better off with a GA.
he's crazy! and a horrible boring teacher. he just talks the whole time about nothing pertaining to the class. one day we talked about his aa meetings and one day we talked about cooking. i didn't learn anything!
Michael Heffernan is one of the most out-of-touch, pompous jerks I have ever encountered. He is delusionally self-absorbed and talks for hours about his ex-wives and how well he knows Paris, rather than actually teaching or workshopping.
Seeing as though most students ridicule him and a lot of the faculty thinks he's a space cadet, I don't understand why this man is still being allowed to abuse students. He might be a great poet, but Hitler was also a good motivational speaker.
Worst professor EVER. I am an English major and am barely passing the class with a B. Cochran is rude, and sexist, and even attacked me personally for not being able to come to a class due to a medical condition. He needs to be terminated, and I am currently working toward that. He is a disgrace to the University of Arkansas English Department.
ABSOLUTELY WORST PROFESSOR IVE EVER HAD!!! Do not take his class, he is an extremely tough grader. He takes forever to respond to emails and gives little to no feedback. He is condescending and rude as well. I am warning you, do not take his class
He is one of the worst professors Ive ever had. His grading makes absolutely no sense. Your overall grade consists of 4 short responses and a term paper. He grades so hard, it almost impossible for you to get an A in the into level course. Do not take this class if youre looking for an A, best youll get is a B
This instructor has an ego the size of Montana. I feel that he believes students have no other classes and should spend the majority of their time reading ancient and incredibly boring literature. He expects small details to be handpicked out of an incredible amount of works, so hang on for his quizzes.
Yuck
Sloppy teaching, rude and boring
Not very coherent, and he tends to ramble on about his ancestry far too much. Does not really care about his students and replies to emails as infrequently as he can. The other professors are by far more interesting and willing to teach. Take him for this course if you enjoy being bored or dislike being intellectually stimulated.
Do not take him for World Civ. His lectures often have little to nothing to do with the actual test. He'll ramble on a subject for the entire class period with little or no relevance to the test. Made four A's and a D in his class. I repeat: DO NOT TAKE FOR WORLD CIV.
His test often feel simple while taking them but they cover such a large amount of material. His lectures are horrible. He only teaching what he's interested in and babbles on instead of following the book. I recommend taking this class from someone else...I made all A's but a C in his class.
Extremely hard to follow. I dreaded sitting through his class. Use of technology is basically zero in a very large class, making it very hard to hear/understand. Smart guy, but I'd reccommend dropping this class if at all possible and getting a different teacher.
Hes a terrible teacher. Boring lectures. Pointless notes, and nothing on his extensive test reviews are on the test. I would strongly recommend taking someone else! GPA KILLER
He wasn't very helpful. He never spoke about what he wanted in the paper we had to turn in for his class nor did he review for tests. Attendance is mandatory and so is speaking so if you are a person who hates to speak in class don't take him. He is awful. I loved history before this class but now I hate it. He is a total confidence killer
Dont take his class! Hard to understand and lectures are boring. His tests have random questions. You must read the book throughly.. awful teacher!
Everyday you will take notes from Powerpoint slides and pictures. His tests are RANDOM! They don't cover the notes most of the time AND they will have stuff you haven't gone over yet and stuff from the previous test. I went to class less than 10 times and I made a "B" just by Wikipediaing the terms he gives you to study...
He wasn't prepared for class lecture to teach, he may know a lot but he is not able to teach it and if your asking for assistant forget about it because he will answer you with rude remarks and his power point was't helpful
Terrible. If you have to take the class take another teacher. He is impossible to understand and never teaches what he will test over. He gets side tracked and it all goes down hill from there. If you do have him STUDY THE BOOK and dont go to class.
He is terrible. Talks the entire time. Does not give you powerpoint notes, but rather expects you to pay attention and write down what he says. His tests are completely random...but there aren't different versions..so if you have a smart friend......Word to the wise...Take someone else.
Hard to understand! If you have A.D.D. DON'T take this class! His lectures are boring. I fell asleep almost every time in that class. No essays. Only 3 tests. Not bad, unless you bomb the tests.
BORING...hard to understand also. only grades are tests, attendence isnt taken. he gives out a study guide, but it doesnt do alot of help...read the chapters and dont bother about class....i got a B doing that
He is the worst teacher i have had in my 3 years of school.
i did not like this class, and unless it is required do not take it. he is hard to understand and a big negative is there are only 3 tests to comprise your grade.
He expects too much reading both in class and outside of class. It's hard to keep up when you're expected to read a book a week, plus 75+ pages of outside reading per class day. Also, he put so much emphasis on class participation that it hurt my grade, rather than helping it out.
Ok, this guy is so boring! He has this horrbile accent that makes him hard to understand. Class was in the Sci/Eng auditorium and he didn't use the mic. so no one could hear him. The material was really interesting, just not him. The tests were outlandish (even though with lots of studying I pulled a B). Take this class, just not him!
He's a moron..
Speaks way too fast, cant tell whats important or not.He wont let you record his lecutres.He told me that "I needed to learn how to take notes and that is what im here to teach you" FUNNY cause i thought i was taking WC. I didnt think i was paying out of state fees to learn how to take notes.
sucked!!! Worst teacher I have ever had. Had a bad speach problem and nobody could understand a word he said. Do not take.
Probably the worst teacher I have ever had and ever will have. Not to mention how rude he is to the students. He is a miseable teacher and I would straight run the other way before taking this class with him.
Tests are impossible to prepare for. Study guides are no help at all. The test might cover 300 pages of material from the test. It is impossible to study for. Also, only teacher that I had to force myself to listen to for 90 minutes twice a week.
The only good thing I can say is that his class provided me with an extra hour and 20 minutes of naptime every tuesday and thursday. His lectures have nothing to do with anything as far as your grade is concerned, so don't bother taking notes or listening.
You can't understand him, he's not helpful and talks about things that don't pertain to the course. He needs to let people know what he thinks is important when talking about the topics b/c he is never clear. His study guides are useless, and I even studied the tests on the book online, it's bad..
Very unhelpful and biased, even if you talk to him about problems. Tests were worth like 25% of the grade even though he said "don't worry too much about them."
Went to class and managed to stay awake even though there were several students knocking off and snoring during his lectures. I found his lectures to be very boring---he repeated himself continuously!!! Study guides are a joke and so is he!!!
Missed one test question all year, got a B in the class.
Worst teacher I have ever seen, heard about, and can imagine. He should retire tomorrow.
Impossible to listen to - monotone and slow. He always has this horrible white spittle clinging too the sides of his mouth and you can't concentrate on anything else. Tests can be unreasonable.
Awful
Okay so I have had him twice. The first class was easy but everything he talked about was so outdated, including his opinions. I regret taking his class again, I strongly dislike it. He again teaches with VERY old books. His lectures are him stuttering and ignoring students. His quizzes have trick questions and he's slow with grading. DON'T TAKE!!
One of the most mediocre professors I have ever had. The class is boring and it does not deliver what the syllabus promises. Avoid!
I'm terribly disappointed with this class. Very boring and disorganized. Loves to hear himself talk. Ignores students' comments and discussion. Gives very vague instructions for assignments. Bases the class off of random articles. Half of the class wouldn't go if attendance weren't mandatory. Maybe other classes are better, but don't take this one.
Swedenburg is definitely an individual. This class is not for the conservative. True hippie in every aspect. No tests, just papers. Not a difficult grader as long as you reference your reading material!!!! Make the papers very opinionated, but have support for your opinions!
Offers the sort of perspective on the Middle East that only a truly deluded nerd could believe. Fortunately for him, Dr. Swedenburg is a truly deluded nerd! It's fun sometimes, but after a few weeks the joke gets old.
Pop culture fun? Not with him. He single-handedly made me want to throw myself out the window, fall 3 stories onto a burning pile of cow****. Attendance is required, otherwise there would be no point in showing up. Self-absorbed, if there is even 1 minute left of class he will continue on for 10. Dont bother taking the class; it isn't worth it.
There are better profs in the department.
brilliant? Not in my book... self-promoting and arrogant. He talks about his work and not much of others. Little world, not a good teacher, self-absorbed and a waste of my time.
AGREE with all remarks about conceitedness, arrogance..etc...this guy is so full of himself. he is a male chauvenist and is about the most verbally IN-articulate person ever. he thinks he is proving something by making classes HARD on students, but it is just a POWER TRIP. terrible teacher.
Previous rating here is wrong! Wasted class: Swedenberg needs to retire. His 'sensitivity' and material is old and he thinks he is a hipster-beatnik-cooldude, but is really a sad, phony and unremarkable teacher 'who understands' the poor, downtrodden, marginal -- NOT! Its all Swedenberger trash!
Totally into himself and his own opinion. Asks for opinions but then basically shoots down all opinions but his. He thinks he's a real genius.
What? The queer theory thing is more seems like a weird fetish than some kind of cool cultural thing
The Grinch.
very intelligent, but way too biased to be an anthropologist. should switch over to political science.
often confusing in class with what is important and what is not -- not very helpful with student questions. He knows his stuff but doesnt help other to learn it too and a bit of a poser!
Memorize the book or fail horribly. Tests are off the wall hard.
Useless class... useless teacher... Boring. Has lots of experience, but doesn't know the facts (I (a history major) called him out on fallacious information). He had been teaching it that way for years. Don't take him.
BORING! I was always very unclear about what to study. There were surprises on the test and I always got lost in his lectures. Sometimes he could be very entertaining, but others I was pretty much asleep.
He didn't seem to really care or engage with our projects or ideas at all. Would spend class hocking his projects or telling us half remembered stories about the times he went to Sundance. Not a helpful professor in the slightest.
Everyone should be jumping for joy that Philbin is retiring from GVSU because he has been the worst professor I've had. To keep it simple, he just doesn't care at all. We show up each week, he gives us an assignment with a previous paper to use as reference and he lets us go for the week without teaching anything, and then grades very harshly.
So like, I'm rating before the semester is even over. We're barely halfway in and he's canceled at least half of the classes, some for BS reasons like he didn't want to show up. Also, he doesn't teach, he's just like go do it. 0/10 would not recommend.
Just awful. I really hated this class and I think the fact that this guy is gonna shape the minds of future filmmakers is super depressing. The guy is so high on himself and is a pain to deal with. The exams were ridiculous and he is a tough grader. The fact that I got penalized for being sick just is the cherry on the terrible sundae .
I actually recieved a grade from him that read "well, this is a good script if you like this kind of thing, but I don't, so you get a C-." Beyond stating this, any of my other grievances would just sound like complaining.
He's a lightweight. Not as good as the other film and video profs. He's easygoing, yes, but the material just isn't there. He's totally into himself and it shows. sorry.
A tool...perhaps the best descriptor I've ever heard. This guy is so full of himself that he fails to see that every project he makes is a piece of garbage. He has favorites who follow him and stroke his ego. If you find a way around him as a prof, JUMP ON IT. He may know what an 85 filter is but he doesn't know what a film is.
This class is overall so difficult. I barely passed this course and was stressed the whole semester. I just wanted to passed the class and I achieved that. The professor made it easy to loose all motivation towards doing well in the class. Just avoid this class.
Earl made it easy to loose all motivation towards doing well in MGT330. The man reads straight from the textbook and his lecture slides are copied and pasted to powerpoint. His exam questions are intentionally ambigious, its almost as if he wants his students to fail. He is old school and has an authoritarian style of teaching. Avoid this class
Long story short don't take this Professor! There are 3 exams that are worth 300 points each, over 100 questions. If you're not a great at exams, don't waste your time. He was honestly the worst professor I've ever had.
The worst professor I have ever had in college. He claims to have only given a single digit number of A's in his career, which is not something to be proud of, just a testament to poor teaching ability in my opinion. Sets unreasonable expectations of undergrad students. elitist personality. I am an A-B student & failed. DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE!
You will have 1 daily oral question to answer. Get ready to get negative points. Questions on the books picture boxes show you what on my subject understanding? You'll have 3 exam with 100 questions. We had more than 10 people to drop the class on 1st exam. Dont bother on extra credit. He is rude, stupidly strict & stubborn. DONT TAKE HIM.
Just don't bother with this guy. He's a waste of time and makes you fall asleep. He really isn't fit to teach. If you want to learn about management do not take him.
The course itself is relatively easy and each student should be able to do well. However, in his class its impossible to do well because his tests are ridiculous. You will need to know the chapters inside and out, and even then it might not be enough. He will make you hate going to class because of his dull lectures that he reads from the book.
DO NOT TAKE THIS GUY!!!! He makes you read the chapter before every class which is 15-25 pages. And than in class he asks every single person one, extremely specific, question on the chapter that you had to read. If you get the question wrong you get a minus, if you get it correct you get a plus. This counts for 25% of your grade!!!!!!!
WORST PROFESSOR. SHOULD BE FIRED IMMEDIATELY. THE fact he is still a professor makes me reevaluate my decision on coming to University of Tampa. Very unreasonable. if you have to take him, take the class another semester with another professor. Information is not understanding the concept by memorizing random things from the book ...
Dr. Simendinger was by far the worst professor I have ever taken in my entire life. His class is made up of 1000 points and his tests are worth 90% of your grade (3 tests worth 300 points each). His lectures are beyond boring and so long. He never lets you out early and does an oral pop quiz just about every day. Don't take him! You will regret it!
This guy was dope. I failed miserably.
VERY bad teacher. He is great for real life concepts. His tests are impossible because you are supposed to memorize the material, not learn it.... even though he'll say the opposite. Just plain awful. Take someone else!! And if the courses without him aren't open, wait and take it the next semester... it'll be worth it!
you are not graded on how well u do..you are graded on wether or not u come to class on time ans how much he likes you...hes horrible..the grading system is way to subjective...he messed up by gpa becuz i didnt come to class ontime
he makes you study stupid thigs that he didnt even teach. hes mean. and he makes tests as hard as possible and he like to give true and false questions to cunfuse ppl. your gpa wil never be the same. STAY AWAY!!
BORING! stupid quizes on every chapter. who cares what bottled water means, i dont care what you used to do in hospitals. tests way to hard and he doesnt curve them. must recall insignificant details to pass. class always goes over time. hate this class,he makes no attempt to make things interesting
If you want your GPA to suck take this GUY! You will have to work your ass off to get a B. Oh and he is very annoying, arrogant, and thinks hes can boss students around because he was some manager at a hospital wich by the way all he knows and talks about. DONT TAKE HIM !!! trust me you will screw your GPA up.
What is the top 23 management rules, bottled water, coffee, come on id like to take some coffe in through in your face. MGT is common sense. Imagine being in an interview and thinking of a door knob beleive me you wont get the job. The guy should take some time to read a book on teaching. Self Praise in no Praise PAL!!RETIRE you cant boss people ar
arrogant, in love with the sound of his own voice, thinks he was the greatest since sliced bread in his "previous life". all stories revolve around himself. tries to relay info to you in a easy manner, but he has no idea...actually funny to listen to him try and explain. class is terribly easy, just read the book and look at PP slides. difficul
Absolutely Horrible I have never received such bad grades on tests, and I normally get A's. He puts way too much info on his tests and he just sucks at teaching half the time he doesnt know what the hell he is talking about!! DONT TAKE HIM!!!
not very clear in teaching style
Worst class/professor ever! The class average for our final was a 65 and the other tests weren't much better. If you want to lower your GPA and be bored out of your mind, then by all means take this class.
OMG hardest and most illucid teacher ever...kind of annoying...brags alot...makes you memorize trivial crap...tests insanely hard! I'm warning you!
VERY HARD! Doesn't explain things very well. Wouldn't take again.
Very Boring, full of himself. Got an F in his class, then taken it again with another professor and got an A!! WOULD NEVER TAKE HIS CLASS, EVEN IF MY LIFE DEPENDED ON IT!!!
Makes a very easy class seem difficult and pretty boring...
Professor Brewer is extremely critical for no reason. Every time I would ask a question she would answer in a very demeaning way. She teaches incredibly fast and expects students to understand right away. Missed my first test due to technology issues and she gave me a 0, after I sent her proof, contacted the IT desk, and came to office hours.
The tests are extremely hard and there is no curve. On one exam the average was a 48%
I've heard that she is a great professor, so that's why I believe that it was probably just an issue with transitioning to online. That being said, this is the single worst class I have ever taken. I knew it was bad when I went to sleep crying and woke up crying. Most of the people I talked to got horrible grades. She just didn't explain the topic.
Professor Brewer might be nice, but she was rude with me after I went on campus to her office hours to ask for help. I told her what I was having problem with and she said "well that's easy, if you don't mind I have other students to tend to" and shoved me out the door. She speeds through lectures to get concepts in and doesn't explain much.
While Professor Brewer is as friendly and sweet as these other reviews have stated, her teaching style is absolutely heinous. You are expected to teach yourself everything as, she'll never offer more guidance than a half solved practice problem or some cheesy chemistry joke. She believes the material to be easy and looks down on those who don't.
horrible,worst chem teacher ever!!! Highly NOT recommended.
Really really bad teacher
Get Norman if you can.
don't do it
Sucks
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!
do not take ANY classes with her!!
Ms. Brewer... It must take a PhD to understand that your teaching sucks when you have to drop 2 questions from a test and give two more bonus questions just to have a class adv. 56%. BAD Teacher but dont worry the curve will let you pass.
Moves to fast for most students. Pretends to care about her students.
This teacher dilerately makes tests extremely difficult to fail her "bad" students. on a 1-on-1 basis she was vey rude to me. She makes it out to be that you are dumb and her teaching is superb.
this class sucks!
Taking this class is suicide, and she is not much help. Very unclear. Talks in an intro course to everyone like they have an extensive background in the material.
Do not take this teacher..
Nice lady...impossible teacher!
Since you will be teaching yourself in this class, I suggest taking the correspondence course online and saving money. Connecting the lecture material to the exam material was impossible for me.
I do not know who said that his tests are easy, but the majority of people in my class were lucky to get a "C"...He goes off into tangents and refuses to tell you your grade on anything. He is smart in ECON but just cannot teach people who do not think like him. He ADMITTED that noone does good on his tests. AVIOD if u can.
BAD BAD BAD..RUN AWAY! He is a terrible teacher and his breath smells like smoke and coffee...I would NEVER take him again..he's not worth my tuition money.
awful! awful! awful! Tries to act cool by cursing. I've had him twice and he still sucks. Its like he will only help you if you are in a fraternity or a sorority.
Dr. Britton plays favorites more than any other instructor I've ever had. He is very interesting and funny, but that doesn't make up for his blatent lack of impartiality and objectivity. I would STRONGLY suggest taking McKinnon or Stapp instead!
Fun to listen to. Fun person. Terrible class structure. No structure to grades. Is not clear about where we stand in the class. Tests are made more difficult than needed to be. Summary: Unfair, but cool professor.
HORRIBLE TEACHER---MEAN!!!!
Typical Econ Teacher, Says Damn and Hell about 50 times per meeting.
Shows clear favoritism with his Stapp kids (honors econ students). Didn't bother forming connections with students he didn't know prior to the class. Definitely knows the material, however he was very unwilling to help outside of class. I had another lecture during his OH and his solution for me was to skip my lecture. Condescending man.
Your only resource is what you write down during class. No slides, or study guides. You will need to memorize everything he says for the exam. It takes him a while to grade. It is possible to end with an A but you have to stay very on top of things. Try not to let the first test leave you trying to raise your grade all semester.
Whatever you do DON'T take Stapp for Microecon. The other positive reviews are written by his group of "stapp kids" who worship this man. Take the online class please. The class is all exams, no other points are given.He constantly shows up late and keeps class late. He shows blatant favoritism to his "kids". The other reviews lie, don't take him.
Dinosaur-ahh teacher, will not let you use anything that has been made the last 300 years. Random facts are on tests. Not technically participation mandatory, but if you do not go he will make you suffer. Learned more about Japan and how "accounting sucks" compared to Econ. He takes 3 decades to respond to emails. The Heisenberg Econ, but no Jesse.
LEGIT TERRIBLE!! Had him for an online course and he only lectured. No powerpoints. No study guides. Absolutely nothing to help. On top of that he never once responded to an email all semester even when I was asking for help or clarification. His tests have an insane amount of questions and they are INSANELY specific. avoid at all costs if you can
In love with the sound of his own voice. Teaches in such a condescending way as if establishing intellectual superiority over teenagers is why he gets up everyday. Got his degree from Reaganomics and hasn't stopped preaching the gospel since. Be glad online is ending, he used it as an excuse to ignore students' needs. One word, egocentric.
Stapp has an overwhelming god complex. Tests over random facts as attendance credit (why I know where Mick Jagger went to college) and gives 100 MC questions and several free-response in 1.25 hrs. He recently went from 3 to 2 tests so he doesnt have to put in the work. Doesn't care about his students, doesnt think youll get anywhere without him.
The man thinks online shopping is a huge terrifying scam. Does not do anything online (powerpoints, study guides, etc.) Makes you memorize facts like what kind of car his dad had to take "attendance" on exams. Exams are designed for students to fail. He knows what he's talking about, but the class structure and his ego are both horrible.
Amazing lecturer, but he intentionally sets up his students to fail. Took him for honors principles of micro, and although I learned a lot I couldn't forgive Stapp for his tests. He doesn't give you near enough time to finish his exams, and he makes you memorize useless facts for the exam while you should be studying the actual material. Avoid him!
UMMMMMMMMM so I am all A student and had to take a W on this class but I bounce back, I will not be taking him again, beware don't be extra just take Ramen for the non honors section of this class
I am taking it. 90% of the grade comes from test. The first test worth 300 points and we only had 1.5 hours. We had to finish 70 multiple choice, 13 calculate questions and 2 graph analysis( the graphs were not given, students needed to draw them) I go to class everyday, I understand every question, but I don't have enough time:(
Useless class... went to office hours to get a clear understanding. He acted like he was to busy for me but yet could talk for days with someone about Japan. I don't understand why he has such a great rating. He teaches about a tenth of material that he is suppose to teach and is always talking about Japan. If you like Japan take the class.
There's a reason why they call him "Easy-A Stapp." Tailors lectures to lowest common denominator. Thinks antics like yelling loud & flailing his arms makes him a captivating speaker. Finds a way to tie everything back to his obsession with Japan. Tests from a bank, & asks softball questions like "Who teaches this class?" Great way to pad your GPA.
Possibly the worst professor I have ever had in any subject. His lectures are incomprehensible and just a random assemblage of graphs. I am an econ major and hope I never have to take this awful teacher again. Not funny, although he thinks he is, and treats students like 3rd graders. I don't understand how people can enjoy him.
Stapp is the 2nd worst econ instructor after Mendez. Shouldn't be allowed to teach upper level econ. Is a real jerk, usually screws up on making tests and can't do math. In a producer/game theory econ course we spent over a month on regression and he made us write out linear programming solutions by hand multiple times as large H/W assignments.
Stapp does not care if you live breath or die or pass his class for that matter. He was seriously probably the worst teacher I have ever had and was the primary reason I switched my major. I had him twice. He is not helpful at all and really doesn't care about his students-if you can get another teacher-do it- its not worth the trouble to take him
If you like tests that are 20 pages long and cover irrelevant facts and minutia, take Stapp. If you like teachers who throw chairs in the classroom and draw on the walls, take this guy. This teacher is very arrogant and makes unnecessary remarks about people's socioeconomic status. Assumes you know everything about econ even before he teaches you.
Talks to much about Japan, even though nobody shows interest at all because the class isn't about that. Adds irrelevant facts to the tests to make sure you were there, i wasn't fond of his personality, but he is a half way ok teacher.
Horrible! Do not take him for B Found! He is no help and gives horrible grades just for the fun of it! He is OBSESSED with Japan and talks about it all the time! It's so annoying. Will fail you without any care. Heartless, Fat, Bald, and Single old man.... AVOID!!!
Do not take this professor in order to avoid a lot of confusion and headache. The class projects are not well explained and he teaches as if you already know the material. Avoid this professor at all costs.
I had to make an account just to write this review. Stassen is by far the worst professor Ive had. He makes absolutely no sense throughout lectures, leaving everyone very confused. His assignments have practically zero guidance and when you go into his MESSY office for help, he still makes no sense. Tests are very difficult to study for. Beware!
Throughout the semester he makes it very clear about his vast knowledge of the subject. Hes one of those teachers thats so smart he cant communicate anything with the students. Which makes it hard to learn. His test are extremely hard, lots of work to do well in the class. He also is terrible about putting the correct grades in.
I wouldn't take this class unless it was a requirement. He's very unclear with what he wants/ expects from students for individual and group projects and his test don't match with his lectures. Going to class is mandatory because he takes daily attendance.
To put it simply, do not take him. He is a kinda cool/cringey dude. He never makes sense on lectures and never is clear on what he wants on assignments. He gives you a copy of (some) powerpoints but doesn't really help. He refuses to work with you on your grade, even if you try to argue that you are correct on your projects. Would never recommend.
I referred to this website before enrolling in this class and everyone said he was difficult and not to take it. I thought a little challenge wouldn't be so bad and enrolled in the class anyway. It's not challenging in the sense that the material is hard. It is challenging in the sense that you have no idea what TF is going on so you won't pass.
If you have a choice whatsoever do NOT take Stassen. The only reason anyone goes to class is to see if there's an assignment. Not one person has a notebook out for notes because his "lectures" are completely useless. Just rambles on about nothing, there is nothing to study off of for tests. Best of luck to you.
WORST TEACHER I'VE EVER HAD. Avoid him at all costs. He is the most confusing professor I've ever listened to. His lectures don't make sense at all. He doesn't teach anything. He is so monotone and boring. I've had to teach myself everything and work EXTREMELY hard for an A.
I really wanted to get something out of this summer course. The problem with him is that you cant understand what he is saying. Grades on blackBoard are in abbreviation and i really don't know what he is talking about during the class. The book is your only mean of help for this class. I honestly would say get another teacher.
Robert "Bob" Stassen should receive a royalty from coffee companies worldwide as he, alone, has sent their sales through the roof with his ridiculous and monotonous teaching style.
This class was the worst class I have ever taken at the university and I got a B. I never went to class cause I could not bear it. Stat has no work experience and could not make it a day in the corporate world. We never got out a minute early. Tests were easy to get a B on but the class projects take forever to complete. About a 20 page grp paper.
The guy to a TOTAL jerk. RUN RUN RUN away from this man. Never take a class from him. You won't understand a thing and will get a letter grade lower that you diserve, because he can.
His teaching style makes it impossible to learn. It's better than Ambien if you need a nap. His projects aren't clearly explained and the instruction sheet is never accurate with what he actually wants. Do not take him in summer for this class. He crams 2 tests and 4 projects into the last 2 weeks of the session.
This is the most monotonous class in the entire world.
Horrible class,boring, you cant understant what he is talkink about. Bad instructions for the projects
He is terrible!!!!!!!!!! He is very unclear, sounds like the teacher off of Ferris Bueller..Bueller, Bueller, like he has a stuffed up nose all the time. Skips around and does not make any sense about anything and always keeps you over class time discussing nonsense. Avoid him at all costs.
In my opinion Don White should not be allowed to teach. His class is useless just a waste of space. He spends most classes talking about nothing but himself and asking stupid questions that have nothing to do with anything usefull....
Terrible. He teaches this class like it is a graduate class. We never use the book, his tests are graded on his opinion, we never know what assignment we are on or when it's due, and we've got to read a giant novel on top of everything else. He believes his class is the most important at the WCOB. Avoid him if you have a choice.
Sucks sucks sucks!
Not clear on what students need to know in the class. He is also very full of himself and talks about himself a lot!
Dr. Morgan's class is not that great. He brings up very controversial topics in order to stir people up... but no one cares enough to actually talk. Tests are very hard, but if you write enough rebuttals you should be fine.
His class is so boring! Everything he says is his opinion. Your grade is based on a points system only so, if you get 450 points then you are good. I suggest going to class once a week to turn in papers for points and see when the tests are. good luck with this crazy man!
Ramblings of an affective man. Truth and inquiry are absent from his class.
would not take again because his lectures are so hard to follow because he drags on and rambles a whole lot; get ready to read the entire book if you want to pass. he seems like a nice guy just very bland in what he does; if you have a hard time focusing with professors like that, find a new class to take
If you actually want to learn anything from this do not take this class. If you're looking for a super easy A, take it. I stopped going to the lectures after the first test, and all I did to study was memorize the quizzes because it's the same questions on the tests and ended with a 102%. I didn't retain anything and he is the most boring teacher.
By far the weirdest professor Ive ever had, super awkward and mumbles during lectures. I had emailed him asking about extra credit as I had an 89.3 and he just responded with No. I recommend finding another processor if you actually want to feel engaged in lecture and want someone that the other students also respect.
Doesn't talk about chapters for the test. I had to study on my own for chapter quizzes and exams. He tries to make the class fun but it doesn't work out in his favor. There is no point in going to class unless its for extra credit. You'd do better on your own than to show up.
This class was insanely easy. Quickly everyone realized you don't need to show up to class and that his lectures were pointless. About 80/470 people showed up usually. That being said, literally do the online quizzes, he copies those word for word onto exams. You can also get extra credit daily. Bad professor, easy A.
Barely any of the stuff from class shows up on the tests, he has his TA's make the tests for them, and a ton of stuff is straight from the book. He gives a ton of extra credit, but the tests are still hard. He doesn't really explain anything that well either, so don't count on too much class help.
He constantly rambles and tries to make jokes. Spends too much time on tangents. Pretty boring class as a whole.
The tests are filled with questions on vocabulary and scenario's that are written about in the chapter, but never mentioned in a lecture or the notes. His only advice given on how to better prepare for exams is to read the notes, when half of the notes never make it onto the exam. The tests are hard, read the book, and don't count on extra credit.
He's awful. Does not stay on topic, his lectures are wothless, questions on the exams are WAY TOO SPECIFIC. And the worst thing here is that his class is useless, won't ever take advantage of the "knowledge" acquried in class. Avoid him!!!!!
The lectures are boring and everything in the powerpoint comes straight from the book, just in a terribly organized matter. I skipped class for a whole month and didn't review before a test and got an 80. Tests every two weeks but if you miss them you can make them up. The last half of class everyday is a game for extra credit if you get chosen.
He gives awful lectures. Luckily they are only about 35 minutes then he goes into an optional "game" at the end of class where the participants get bonus points for answering questions correctly. There's a test every other week which is draining. The TAs for my class are great though. One of them does a study session the night before the tests.
Short and simple: 1. He doesn't do email- communication is MOST important for students and teachers. 2. Does NOT know how to stay on topic 3. Tests every other week... which is ridiculous. I stopped going to class and learned all of it from my book. Worst class.. couldn't sit there and listen to him ramble for an hour.
He teaches according to his own beliefs, not the text, so it makes tests a little difficult. He gives out a lot of extra credi though.
Readings don't connect to material, the math based tests were impossible (all ended up curved bc of this), lectures were poorly structured, and downright rude. Out of touch w students and his ego makes his stories difficult to listen to. This class was felt like an exercise in how anger and spite for a prof are actually great motivators lol.
Doesn't help students who ask for help and attend all of his class.
He is a horrible teacher. He is very unfair and two-faced. He is kind to the students that he favors and screws over others.
Genetics is one of her easiest class and people still fail or drop or withdraw or change major or transfer out or drop out of college... No but seriously if you do not let go of your sleep or social life or interest, you probably will not ace this class.
Very hard, doesnt care what you think.
shes impossible .. this woman KILLED my freshman year .. if you don't like studying dont takke the class because that is ALL you will do. Shes way to hype over science, however as a person she is very nice.
I really like all my teachers at cabrini but Espie was the worst she was mean, condesending, and a terrible teacher WE ARE NOT ALL BIOLOGY MAJORS. she doesnt respect other majors and thinks that we should all aspire to be her...yeah right dont take her if you want to have a good year and not want to jump off the top of your building.
very snotty, stuck-up, nose in the air, bug up her backside, only cares about herself, needs to liten up a lot
summed up in word word - INCOMPETENT
The horror... the horror... Like Jane Fonda? No... really scary...
Actively dislikes students, especially freshmen. Got lost with her own concept map.
Worst teacher ever!! Avoid at ALL COSTS
worst ever!!!
ugh!
i cant stand espie....kumar was the best!
Pretty awesome and interesting guy, but goodness this class was so brutal at 8:00 a.m. And Moody is horrible at making the subject matter interesting. I really didn't learn anything of value, or find anything interesting. His tests were essay, and thank goodness for the S.I.!
THIS GUY NEVER STOPS TALKING I ALWAYS FALL ASLEEP IN HIS CLASS
too much work, the things she teachers you will NEVER apply to your classroom. you play the recorder, enough said.
went from an awesome chorus to one that made me want to stop singing all together. she is very self absorbed and i'm glad i'll never have to take her again
bring a pillow. Needs to make it more interesting, and she is too high on herself. Feel bad about her husband though. She loves culture, which is admirable. Nice lady, but she takes her elective courses too seriously
very bad, unclear, self absorbed
ridiculous... i felt as though i was taking a 3rd grade art class. i was so happy that her lack ok any skill made me transfer to a school that actually had talented art prof.
Does not teach with the students interests in mind. Very unhelpful, sets kids up to fail. She also will embarass you in front of the class if you are doing poorly.
Don't take this guy. You will be lost in the class and tired of his stupid jokes!
worst teacher ever! cannot teach at all, and thinks hes soo funny. Too bad no1 cares. Thinks hes above everyone else and is very arrogant. Should not be a teacher!
Horrible teacher. Always going off track for school work to random comments that confuse people. Will get through explaining and quickly at the end of class go through as fast as he can and say things he did wrong. I cant stand him, doesnt care about the students at all.
HE isnt helpful at all... you basically lose it after the first day and if you dont get it .. get out right away otherwise its pointless because you cant get help from him and he doesnt like it when you get help from other students...
cantankerous, not helpful, take the class with professor schemm you may actually learn something.
His knowledge is no up to date on the new standards. He is very cynical and seems to take pleasure in make the class more difficult. I would recommend taking this class with a different professor.
C++ Bad teacher. Seems to hate students with questions. Unclear. He's just an ass.
Horrid...but easy
Doesn't explain things, gives exams that aren't about material covered.
This class started out to be really easy, then went down hill from there. The second have of this class is very difficult, so don't the let easiness of the first half throw you. As for Suggitt, he's kind of a jerk. I didn't care for him much.
Very mean and unpersonable..horrible presence around him.
He goes out of his way to be a ****. Don't even bother asking him for help.
Crappy teacher, Late everyday, Didn't even grade our finials, just gave out C's
His exams should be like 100 questions
Professor Siu is awful. Her notes make no sense and are awful. She uses a projector and her notes suck. She makes you feel stupid when you ask a question. Quizzes in every other discussion, she does dorp the 2 lowest. Her exams are OK not bad. She is fast and isnt a good teacher, just gives info without explaining. She means well but i do not recom
You will basically have to teach yourself in here. She flies through everything & you will barely have time to write everything down, let alone actually understand the material.
Study every word that comes out of her mouth, and give the lectures the most attention youve ever given anything in your life. She sometimes belittles you if you ask a question, but not every time. She seems to be a nice lady, but youll have to calculate your grade yourself because she isnt the best at working technology.
I recommend not to take her class. She is a very difficult person , grades very harshly and laughs at you when you dont know an answer. If you do choose to take her class, well I wish you luck .
Ladies and gentlemen, chemistry is hard. She puts out notes but you still have to read the book. Do not get the book! OWL has an ebook. Read the book as well as listen in lecture. When you ask her questions on exams, she makes you feel stupid. She is not helpful in any regard. 10/10 would not recommend. spent lots of time crying over chem.
Avoid Siu at all cost. Worst professor I have ever had. Terrible at explaining what to do. Grades extremely hard. When you go to talk to her about why you got points off she can't even explain the material herself and basically just tells you it's not right.
Get out while you can. You will not pass unless you put in a crazy amount of extra time on your own. Her lectures are vague and she moves very quickly and doesn't give you a chance to figure out problems on your own. Tutoring is the only thing that got me through this semester.
Tough grader. Not very considerate of questions during discussion. I wouldn't say the lectures are very great. I've had to teach myself chem through online resources.
Stay away from this professor! She expects all students to be familiar with certain criteria from past chem courses, and makes you feel really dumb in front of anyone present. She is very rude when you say or do something wrong, even if it's a mistake. She rushes everyone through the lab, though we all paid to be there for the entire period.
I didn't think Siu was as rude as most thought, I believe that was just her humor. Although, she didn't like explaining answers to questions students had and I wasn't very fond of her teaching skills. Her hand written notes were always sloppy and she would fly through them before you had the chance to write them all down.
terrible teacher. avoid at all cost. No help. Passed with a C+ but basically taught myself.
Terrible professor. Her lectures are pretty vague and fast-paced, and makes you feel dumb if you try and ask a question. The only good thing was she gave a decent amount of extra credit opportunities. I would not recommend!!
Very hard class. She moves at a very past pace and doesnt slow down. I was scared to ask her questions because of her rude responses. Do not take CHM 109 with her. If you do, sign up for a tutor the very first week. Class may make you rethink a major in science field! DO NOT TAKE AS GEN ED!!
She is not very approachable. I went to her for help and she made me feel stupid so I requested a tutor. Tutoring helped a lot more. I suggest not to take CHM 109 with her.
This is the thing, if you already have a very good understanding of chemistry she probably would not be a bad professor. But if you do NOT know much about chemistry, do NOT take her class. She expects you to learn material over night and is very hard to learn from. She expects you to already know what is going on.
First don't buy the book for you wont use it. Second she is literally the worst professor, she doesn't realize that everybody doesn't already know chemistry, I am a straight A student and barely passed with a C. She is extremely rude, she has no understanding for the students and cares more about her life than the class & she gets off track a lot.
She was an awful professor. She was very unhelpful. I put so many hours into study and it didn't pay off. She was very condescending and disrespectful. Worst professor I have ever had. DO NOT TAKE HER!
Avoid her shes not a good prof. Makes people feel dumb when they ask questions, goes too fast through notes. Worst of all is she is terrible at writing test questions.
this prof is soo rude, its unbelievable. i have never in my life had a professor that deliberately made students feel soo stupid when they asked questions! she raises her voice and makes sure the whole class can hear her basically telling students with questions how stupid they are. i would NEVER reccomend her. she is just plain MEAN and RUDE.
She's one of the rudest profs and very unprofessional! She allows personal issues to interfere with grading labs and professional work. Also don't ask her any questions in less you want to feel completely degraded! I have to retake the class just because of her lab!!
She is an AWFUL teacher. She hasn't taught orgo or biochem in 6 years and she likes to remind us that every class. Her quizzes are really hard and she is terrible at explaining why things are. READ THE BOOK! Itll be your saving grace. Exams arent too bad though, that's what keep you sane.
AWFUL! Lecture is boring, she is extremely rude when you ask her questions and her test questions are impossible! It doesn't matter how much you study, she purposely tricks you with test questions ITS CHEM 109 GIVE US A BREAK! Don't take Siu's Class!!
Terrible professor. She has absolutely NO respect for her students and is extremely arrogant. If you disagree with her about something she will publicly try to make you feel stupid. She also takes off points on lab write-ups for very insignificant things. And she hates answering questions. I do not recommend taking her.
She is the worst prof ever. Plain and simple. The class was very hard and she hates it when you ask questions.
She was a TERRIBLE prof. I was very good at CHM in highschool, but after taking her class i CHANGED majors. I LOVED chm in highschool, she was tricky, sarcastic and rude. She did not care about the students at all. I dreaded her class every day! GET AWAY!! Take another prof and i'm sure you will get a better grade.
Usually I try to find something I like about every prof, but I honestly can't say that for Mrs. Siu. She gets mad at you for asking questions, and she grades very particularly. I don't know if she just didn't like me, but I was always afraid to ask her questions because she would roll her eyes and sigh loudly. Very unprofessional and rude.
Horrible teacher, likes to make one feel stupid for asking questions, unless they are about her. Seemed to have little interest in helping her students do well in class, many others stated she makes you feel like you're bothering her when you need help. Run away if she is your instructor, or wait until you can get someone else.
I probably wouldn't recommend buying the book for this course. Also, showing up to lecture is important, but try not to ask questions because she will subtly make you look like an idiot and then hesitate to answer your question.
If you can get out of her class, do so! You will learn nothing in this class from her. She does not explain things well at all and I was stuck trying to teach myself chemistry the whole semester. She is lazy about explaining and our class was constantly correcting her on her work. She doesn't care about her students succeeding at all.
horrible prof! any other professor would be better than her.
For the serious student,Siu is not the epitomy of a instructor who will encourage students to learn, she is not helpful in lab, or office hours. Behavior is condescing,unprofessional,biased and unfair,inappropriate and her classroom is not conducive to learning and understanding CHM 232. It would be to your advantage to drop her course!
Has a strange obsession with colors. Gets really excited for the bright/pretty colors you get during different experiments. Makes you feel stupid for going to her office hours and asking a question about the lab. I'd try to avoid her if possible.
Two words: Control freak! If you want to pay big bucks to have a women treat you like a middle school student who has no respect for anyone then stay in her class but i suggest running and run fast!!!!
This lady is unbelievable! Cant believe Grand Valley would hire someone like this. She doesnt care about students. She has major control issues. We dont need highschool teachers teaching at the college level!!
Awful for a lab prof. She makes you feel very stupid for asking questions. Run as fast as you can! She doesn't grade clear one lab you'll get a good grade then the next you get a F. Run and get a new teacher. You won't learn anything from her or do good.
RUN...RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN!!!
GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN! Dont make the mistake of taking her.
This lady is really nice and sweet but dumb as a box of rocks. She really shouldn't teach. I had a split semester with her and carlson and my grades dropped on her half. really unclear. otherwise nice lady.
This prof makes me throw up a little! Don't take her class.
She is by far the least helpful teacher I have ever had, and taking her class was the single worst learning experience of my life. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS OR LAB.
She sucks! RUN AWAY!
Get out of the class ASAP. She is one of the worst teacher, she is a **** about everything. Bad teacher, test are impossible, i studied for 4 day and 8 hrs before the test and only got a 63. For some reason at 300lbs. she thinks she's a figure skater.
Everything everyone says is True! Dont get stuck in her class!! She is the rudest, inconsiderate, selfish, immature, teacher ever!!! She teaches 109 as if it was a 300 level class. Dont pay lots of money to get stuck with a teacher like this! GET OUT!
AWFUL PROFESSOR! She thinks she knows everything & is VERY UNWILLING to ever help! Teaches Far above the 109 level! Expects you to already know what shes talking about before she explains it! Get out before you get stuck! I wish i would have!
This woman is terrible, she won't help you and makes you feel stupid when you ask. All she cares about is getting out of the lab on time and whether you're done or not is not important to her.
I took Prof. Siu last semester, I would NOT recommend her at all. She is very very rude, and she talks about judging ice skating WAAY too much. RUN AWAY!
Dont take her she's terrible! Half of the class dropped because of her inconsideration and lack of respect! She teaches information that you dont even need to know in 300 level chem classes. Rude and very disrecpectful!
Everyone who says she makes you feel dumb is correct. She doesn't really teach it as an introductory course. I had a really hard time with the class but had a very good background in Chem...there are plenty of better Chem teachers out there!!
Dont take her! She's terrible. If dont want feel stupid and be embarrassed then dont take her! Very rude and has a real bad temper! Acts very immature for an adult. If she treats you bad stand up for yourself or she will squash you like a bug!
She scared the crap out of me as a incoming freshman. Talk about scaring everyone off. I didnt even want to ask any questions cause she would bit my head off. AND get used to it..she does wear the bun and scrunchie every single day. get outta this clas
She doesn't make very accurate practice tests to study from, which make it very difficult to know what to expect on her exams. The quizzes are usually quite easy though. But overall I wouldn't recommend taking her.
Umm..........RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She is the devil.... find another teacher fast her main goal in life is to fail you... be afraid, be very afraid!
Snaps at you if you ask questions and goes super fast explaining very complicated topics.
Makes you feel stupid. Gets your hopes up when you do well on her quizes and then her tests are hard as hell.
If you want an A or B...DON'T take this class!! No one gets A's!!
awful to work with, refuses to help, very against students
rude to students, doesn't help, gets annoyed when you ask questions,
One word...SUCKS!!!
INCREDIBELY RUDE, HORRIBLE TEACHER, DROP THE CLASS OR SETTLE WITH A D!!!!!!
Unclear, babbles, tests are confusing. Get out now.
She sucks if you have a Xbox stay home and play it your better off.
Presents material very poorly, her sense of humor is strange, and she is crazy
this wasn't even a class on anthropology. he just talks about his trip. would be useful as a reference or in an African studies class, but the class was based only on that. very little structure and grade was made up of only 4 quizzes and some extra credit. he's smart and knows what he's talking about but it was extremely hard for a gen ed
Let me start off by saying this is one of the most difficult courses I have taken at WCU. Every class was an hour-long lecture on basically the same thing. I think he was on the same slide for 3 class periods. That being said the exams were super difficult, despite being online. If you have to take an ANT clas take it with some one else.
He knows what he's talking about but doesnt make understanding the material easy. class is graded off 3 papers, 5-10 pgs each. If you dont understand the material, the papers are near impossible. He doesn't really explain anything and expects you to understand everything right away. He is a tough grader and has very specific requirements for papers
worst anthro prof at wcu. do not take. lecture heavy and makes you read a ton of boring books then doesn't even discuss them in class
Never in my whole life have I dreaded a class more than this one. He lectures for years and puts up these power points with bullet points that make no sense. He only gives exams, no quizzes, no projects, no homework, nothing. So if you do bad on the exams then good luck!
Terrible professor in my opinion. Lectures are very hard to keep up with, and he keeps the class uninterested. He talks about things that are never on his exams. He never gives homework, so if you don't do well on the exams, then good luck. Exams are very hard. Do yourself a favor and do not take his class.
His class is border-line impossible. I actually paid attention to his lectures (which is very difficult) and took crazy notes and studied for days and still did poorly on the exams. He expects you to read four 250+ page books which is ridiculous. even if you understand the material, you can still easily fail the class cause he words them so weirdly
Worst professor ive ever had at west chester. He talks about things that arent even on the exam the entire lecture time. Then you get to the exam and he admits to not teaching you some of the information.
The class is drawn out & he teaches by putting main points on a power point and elaborating on them as he goes(no written notes) The exams are hard (there is a 10 point curve on all of them but, the 10 points only make a difference if your close to passing)no homework, attendance is a must! This class actually made me want homework to help my grade
You could study the information he gave you for hours and still fail the exam. Do not take this class with Stoller. You will regret it. His tests are based off his opinions and there's never a right answer. This class is way too difficult to be a gen Ed. Plus he's a horrible professor
I am a bio major and have never had a class this hard in my life. He literally tests you on his opinions and makes you buy a book he wrote. I spent almost all my time on it and only got a C. His lectures are boring and it's not clear what you're being taught or what's going to be on this test. STEER CLEAR!
Hardest 100 level class I've ever taken. GET OUT NOW!!!
his tests screw with your head. take another anth prof to maintain your GPA. i attended every class, took notes,studied AND read the 4 books and still had trouble on the tests and I am an A/B student! ^^AVOID HIM^^ He needs to retire.
I need to warn everyone currently taking his INTRO class---BRING A TAPE RECORDER!! And sometimes that doesn't even help! THis was the hardest class I have ever taken! NO textbook and he assigns 4--that's right 4-- ethnography to read for the 3 tests. And that is your final grade--no attendence poin
No text book, bring a tape recorder to class if you plan on undertsanding his tests- Always come to class! He gives no extra credit- It is the hardest Intro class ever! If you have a good GPA and plan on keeping it dont take this class!
he is the most broing person ever to exist on this planet. His monotone lectures portray the information in the most tedious, usless way. trust me.....you would rather be runover by a truck then get this guy
No text book. Everything is by lectures, which are boring as hell. If you miss class or fall asleep (which everyone does) you'r screwed.
I left this class hating the Songhay people... that's all he talks about... Songhay, Songhay, Songhay.
I Do Not Wish this type of torture onto anyone
horrible....i felt like rip van winkle in class.Books were as bad as the class
This was the worst class by the worst teacher ever!
Been in this class for 20 minutes and already know this guy is a terrible teacher who can't adapt to 21st century learning. His own software is prehistoric and he comes off as a rude miserable man.
TOOK HIM FOR COM 206. Dr. Pearson would ABSOLUTELY NOT give out an A on assignments to students who deserve them. All of the grades are pop quizzes, exams, and debates, so no "filler" grades to boost your grade. No wiggle room whatsoever. Makes passes at female students, fosters a very uncomfortable learning environment. I'm a deans list student.
I have no idea what is going on in this class he does not even use D2L ! Do not take this class he is very rude and not accessible outside of class. He doesnt use his email but instead uses Skype.
The guy doesnt use D2L or email, makes everyones lives around him harder because he cant stay up to date with technology and use basic email and D2L. Its ironic because he teaches courses on communication and technology but cant even use the current day tools to communicate. But prepare to use his old website and old skype.
I wish I had better things to say, but Dr. Pearson's grading makes absolutely no sense. This is a class about the future of technology, not public speaking. Never gave clear guidelines for grading, and does not answer emails. Have not known my grade in the class the entire semester, and moving online did not help that problem.
took his online mass communications class and it was horrible. half of the webcourses never worked and if you mispelled something or made a typo you automatically got it wrong. learned nothing and was a waste of time. also he NEVER answers his email!
Funny at first, but the type of funny where he makes fun of students constantly, Kind of makes you nervous, like "When is he going to pick on me?" Tough grader. Rarely gives A's. Expect a C, work hard for a B. Only had to do 3 speeches for his class, which was nice, but he picks up on the stupidest stuff.
If you are taking or thinkg of taking the online Mass com class DONT. He is so busy with everything else he never gets back to you. I did everything nice to get him to communicate with me. But i had to go to the dean in the end. Take a real class otherwise you are ignored.
Take thompsen instead. This man is nuts. His tests are based on random facts and some of the students(smart ones) were taking the class for the 2nd or 3rd time.-that bad
If you have to take mass comm., take the web course. Either way, you're stuck with this idiot! He hasn't mastered the art of web-coursing, but apparently, he hasn't even begun fathoming what it's like to be a good teacher
First off, his hair rocks!!!! I highly recommend this class, it was a cake walk. He does not read any of your papers or tests, so it's an easy A. Fusion style??? come on, like that's a real term.....HA!!!!
This class is incredibly easy, the guy is full of BS and he doesnt even read the essays or tests, but hey he is a huge DBZ fan so he cant be all that bad, FUSION..........HA!!!!!!!!!!
Alot of arbitrary rules that aren't explained at the beginning. I would not mind the rules so much, if he simply told them to us from the start so that we could at least have a fighting chance during the first few weeks
Lab with West will require mind-reading, fortune-telling skills than anything else. His jokes are funny, but that's all he does in class apart from testing how much technical information you are BORN with. People say Springer is tough. Well at least Springer explains things when you get the courage to ask him.This guy asks you questions back!
ba teacher
Grades based only on test, and she explains NOTHING!
Unorganized, and did not put in much effort. At the end of the semester we had a large project due, and even though I pestered her for months (in and outside of class) she ended up never grading it leaving my grade at a C when it should have been an A.
I felt like I was in a high school class. We watched way to many youtube videos. They related to class but professors are suppose to teach not fall asleep. I wouldn't recommend her to anyone ever.
She is a awful teacher, worst ive had at NMC, i suggest you dont take her class, she teaches you nothing and falls asleep in class. the material that is on the test, you dont even talk about in class.
She is by far the worst teacher I've ever had. Its hard to get your grade back up. You have to read ALL of the chapters given to pass the test/quizzes because they are so detailed. She is very boring, and not clear with her lectures. I DO NOT recommend her to anyone!
She was giving a lecture the other day and literally said one thing and then 15 minutes later said the EXACT SAME PARAGRAPH. Tests are nothing discussed in class, and are about the smallest details from the book. Exact statistics/wording, etc.
I am nearing the end of my bachelors and she is by far the worst "professor"i have ever encountered. Be prepared for very biased, opionated rants, tests over abstract info never discussed, and dumb down your papers or youll be accused of plagiarism. someone important please read all of these reviews!! Us students are being greatly impacted by this.
She is SO BORING! The class is 3hrs long & she lectures for almost ALL of it! we get a 5 minute break, then she's right back at lecturing. She is not clear on assignments & tells us that the exams will be one way & they end up being completely different. Her exams are hard & questions are worded tricky, like she's trying trick us.
I absolutly hate this class. I am currently in it, and nothing makes sense. She is the worst professor I have had, and she doesn't know how to teach.1/2 the time, we watch movies that aren't even relavent to the class.The tests are extremly hard and don't make sense.I don't think prof. Emling even should be a professor since she sucks at teaching.
Talks the entire class period about nothing that you'll be tested on. The quizzes and tests are almost impossible to study for and she contradicts the book a million times and wants you to learn from her not the book but won't discuss anything relevant. And for the record I thought her opinions were total BULL.
She tends to repeat herself and get off track easily. Her thoughts seems a bit scattered, and the lecture is generally boring. Also, she doesn't explain things in more than one way, so if one can't understand the language, the class will be very difficult.
She was one of the worst teachers I have ever had. She pushes her personal beliefs on the class and she has no room for other beliefs. As long as you can conform to her ideals for the purpose of the class, it is easy. Her class is a joke and she should be fired.
The absolutely worst teacher I have ever had. Her teaching style was unclear and I learned nothing from her lectures. I received the knowledge I needed to pass the class solely from the book. Her lectures turned into rants about her opinions on alternate subjects not even relating to the class material. Don't take this class with her.
I strongly disliked her teaching styles, I gathered very little from her. Tests that were taken were not always over the material covered. She also spoke in circles and preached her opinions as truth. Overall not a positive learning experience.
Crazy... and boring
Wording of definitions is very tricky. Not a fun class
She didn't explain anything, she talked about her son all the time, and ripped on our class for attending NMC. NOT AN ASSET! I am an honor student who dual enrolled, and she judged me for attending NMC.
Very liberal... she went off on a 5 minute rant about prolifers being hypocritical today while "explaining a test"
SHE SUCKS!
I am 4.0 student and this instructor gave me a 1.0 because I could not recite her exact borning lectures that had nothing to do with the class, she incorporates her own life into class, even when it is not relevant. Teach more talk less
Statistics, Statistics, Statistics, and did I say Statistics. Thats all she talked about. Hard to stay awake.
By far she is the worst instructor I have had at this college. I will NOT recommend her to anybody. If she wasn't so caught up in herself, her husband and son, she may be an okay instructor. STAY AWAY!
Boring, churchy school marm type. Refuses to listen to students. Dated and evil.
Wouldnt even accept a late paper while at my grandmas funeral.
Okay, no. This course was completely idiotic. Questions are completely irrelevant to the textbook. I'd spend around hours reading and typing 500-1000 word notes per chapter, all just for a single quiz (there's two quizzes a week), just to fail most of the quizzes. This course needs its quiz questions rewritten.
He is one of the worst professor at NMC. Just watch the video in class and read by yourself. Don't explain anything. Don't check paper by his own. Use stupid grading method.
One of the worst professors I've ever had. Doesn't grade his own papers and makes students do it instead. Lazy, lazy, lazy.
wost teacher i have ever had. he does not teach instead he shows videos every single day.
Gordon's ideas are convoluted, and poorly explained. The classwork is redundant, but at least you'll never have to worry about failing if you show up- the classwork is beyond simple, and the grading is so generous that you literally don't have to try. He's not at all a competent instructor. Unhelpful, stubborn, and rude.
had our class watch a video regarding the proper behavior during lectures as if we were attending the first day of kindergarten, difficult to get in contact with, unclear expectations for assignments and harsh grading- did not like his teaching style, what-so-ever!!
hE IS PRETT MUCH AN ENGLISH TEACHER HE JUST FAVORS PEOPLE HAS NO CLEAR WAY OF GRADING!
The worst Professor thus far in my college education. He made me and the other students feel like 2 year olds. His way of wording is hard to understand. I would never take another one of his classes and I am a 3.5 overall student!
I enjoyed the class discussions, but he was terribly unclear in his assignment instructions -- i.e. the notes he provided did not match what he said in class.
All over the place, unorganized, and does not explain clearly what is going on. His problems go all over the board just writing it out not going in detail how stuff has been done. Does not use moodle so your grade is unknown.
I never had any problem understnding math and always got A+.. till I took calc II ,with him and my suffering started with him!!!!! I would never ever recommend this guy to any one to take any class with him at all. very poor instructor.
Worst math teacher I have ever had. Very hard to follow.
not at all helpful. He doesn't make sense and is hard to follow. A nice guy, likes teaching. Use the text book to understand! Quiz everyday but you can take it home and bring it back the next day. Lets you drop 4 low quiz scores. Take home math journals. Part 1 take home-exam, part 2 in-class exam.
He has a very monotone voice when teaching throughout the class every time. It makes me fall asleep! If you don't understand a problem, he explains it the exact same way. He isn't very helpful because he is too boring to pay attention to, treats you like you're stupid if you don't understand, and doesn't know how to help you understand the material
Ernie East may be a very smart man but his specialty isn't in teaching. He does not know how to convey or communicate mathmatics to his students. He'll begin a problem, tell two stories, and then come back and finish the problem. Then he'll have no idea why no one is following his lessons. Do not attend his class! It will be a waste of your time!
I don't think he cares about anything but his precious calculator. Don't take his class - he will bore you to tears!
Ernie was spacey and never kept on topic. I learned absolutly nothing in his class.
This class was AWFUL. Terrible. Lectures are so boring. He grades your papers however you want. Tests really aren't THAT hard and the quizzes are easy but this is not worth the effort unless you HAVE to take this class.
Get out while you still can!! TA is horrible..could barely keep my eyes open when i actually went. Grades more on grammer then on actual knowledge of the topic
Has a habit of tightly grasping the podium while staring into space and rambling
didnt have a choice to take the class and he would insult people who asked questions
Ranga Ramasesh is, without a doubt, THE WORST PROFESSOR I have ever had while attending Texas Christian University. His lectures are hard to understand due to a slight language barrier. He constantly gets frustrated with the class when there is a topic that is difficult to understand, and instead of attending to the classes confusion, he decides to
Total mess! worst professor and very tough grader. There is no extra credits and his weekly quizzes tests are very difficult
Worst Professor. There are 10 quizzes worth 50% of the grade, they happen every Tues and they are very difficult. For people who have 0 experience with Stats they will hurt your grade very much. He is not the best at explaining the material and will get mad if he asks a question that you don't know the answer
Worst teacher I've ever had. If he asks you a question and you don't know the answer, he doesn't help to explain the answer. Quizzes every Tuesday that are difficult and quizzes are 50% of the grade.
The lectures are extremely dull and drag on. He claims he wants active participation but most of the time he just insults the first person to offer a response. He has insanely roundabout logic and gets frustrated when people don't read his mind for whatever answer he's looking for. He grades on a hard curve so just keep your head down.
Professor Ramasesh was a mess. Taking his class was a drag and by attending his lectures, I never felt like I grasped any meaningful knowledge. He will call you out during class to answer questions that no one knows the answer to, to get someone else to talk. Does not teach the material well and will be disappointed by the poor scores on his tests.
People say Van Jones is the worse teacher of the two for business stats...not true! Ramasesh is very unclear and its almost impossible to get outside help because he only teaches one section so no one else is taking or has taken him and the textbook isn't very helpful either. Take your chances with Jones.
Dr. Ramasesh is a nice guy and I think is concerned about his students' performance and retention of material. That said, the PMBA Ops Mgmt class is one "bad time". The lectures usually followed the book, but the application of the concepts left much to be desired. Just do the cases, try to pay attention, and study (not to excess-you'll be okay.
Absolutely the worst teacher i have ever had in my life! I would rather die a slow and painful death than take his class again. He is not helpful at all if you go to his office. He is boring and repeats himself. Test are impossible!
Went over time value of money for 3 weeks.
Ol' Larry. Where do I begin? He is very impatient about things, very blunt and sometimes hateful. He is vague in his explanations and its all pretty much a guessing game. Definitely not the best professor, possibly the worst..but that is debatable. Oh and his "I am not here to teach, you are here to learn the material yourself" mentality sucks
This is a class where you HAVE to read the text book. If you don't you won't pass, because he's very boring and doesn't like for you to ask questions in class.
This is literally the worst professor I've ever had in my entire life. He is also, literally, the biggest **** and most unprofessional "professor" in the entire business college. IT IS WORTH STAYING IN SCHOOL AN EXTRA SEMESTER TOTAL TO AVOID TAKING LARRY PERRY'S CLASS.
i dont understand you people. sure he sucks at teaching and is very unclear, but all you have to do is go to class and try to take notes. i got an A and hardly studied. i just went to class
What Would Lerry Perry Do?
The class is already difficult, and he is not very helpful. He doesn't answer questions, and he expects that you know everything. If you not a good self-learner, do not take his class.
Absolutely the****tiest so called teacher I’ve ever came across. Doesn't know a thing about life or he would actually be out there making serious money instead of talking about how he's not a loser. I'm just being honest.
I HATE THIS MAN!!!!!!!!!!!!
Avoid Harry Perry! He is very confusing, test are hard, and homework assignments are long
The man doesn't teach well. It's that simple. I walk into class and all it is random financial jargon.
I wish he would teach instead of lecture us on how to be good students
His tests are too long to complete in the time given and he doesn't seem to care at all. He just blames that on you and says that you didn't prepare well enough. Avoid this teacher if you can.
Miserable Experience
Worst teacher I have ever had. Nice, but would not under any circumstance take one of his classes again.
This is definitely the hardest, most confusing class I have ever taken. I am generally a straight A student, and I am struggling to get a C in here. I assume the reviewer that says it is really easy is being sarcastic...it is anything but.
Worst teacher at UofA. if your advisor told you to take his class find a new advisor-most will tell you not to take him. never fill out his teacher evaluations-he finds out what you put on it.
Do NOT take Perry!
very cold person. lacks all friendliness qualities. better drop the class early
The 2 previous comments are very wrong!! terrible teacher! very hard!
He is terrible. NO direction for testing! Avoid him if possible!
THE WORST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER TAKEN! She rambles on about everything besides what is supposed to be talked about. She praises how things were when she was in school, Jamaica, Bermuda, etc... She confuses all of her classes and thinks she told the class something but never mentioned it. Very Closed minded and wants things to go her way. THE WORST!
I took this class with Dr. Watkins and I thought It was going to be great. She seemed very cool. Skip forward and couple of weeks and I hated my life. There are like three assignments the whole semester, if you miss 4 class periods she FAILS YOU with no sympathy, and shes a very rude woman. I had so much respect for her and now I have very little
I don't have anything good to say about this professor. She brags about how much better she is, all the people she knows, and gets off subject. She plays favoritism a lot and it's unfair for her to do that. She doesn't give out a lot of assignments to help you pass. I had all B's and she gave me a C. I wouldn't recommend her to anyone.
Dr. Watkins is not a teacher I would recommend to anyone!! Prior to taking this course, I was very interested in the subject matter but she DID NOT make the subjet interesting. She is a teacher that tends to ramble on about things that have nothing to do with the class. You only have 4 assignments for the entire semester so everything counts.
Dr. Watkins....I dislike this class so much. She show favoritism very much. She brags about all the wealthy people she knows and how great other schools are. She is not helpful, unless she likes you. She hates me, her exams are set-up in a way for you not to receive a C or higher. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR.!
I just found this site. I had her and she taught about the Willie Lynch letter. She fail to mention that many people believe it is a fake. After doing a bit of reasearch I too believe it is not real. She gives her opinions and states them as facts. Not what a good professor does. The whole department is a joke.
THE WORST CLASS EVER! I would never tell anyone to take this. BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY. she missed three days without notifying us. She is not a fair grader. She is SUPER rude, why would anyone want to major in this!? USELESS!
I'm a senior and this was by far the worst class I've ever taken. There was a ridiculous online group project. Doesn't respond to questions directly. Very, very condescending about every question. I was above a 3.8 cumulative before this class, but Dr. Watkins took care of that. Worst professor I've ever had in my life, online or otherwise.
To start things off she didnt show up for the first day of class and didnt inform anyone, this happened a total of 3 times. Im like if you want us to show up how about you be there! This teacher makes me want to ugh, she jumps off the topic all the time. She never explains when work is due, but expects you to know and have it when due, Do Not Enter
This woman makes me want to break things... She has no idea what she is doing. She can't stay on topic if her life depended on it. All she talks about is how she loves to laugh and how her family is so smart and better than all of us... Someone needs to put her in her place. Have a nice day.
She is the worst teacher ever DO NOT TAKE HER!!! She is very scatterbrained. She talks about everything but what she is supposed to talk about. And you will never know what too take notes on because she talks about everything except the subject. She also pretends to be nice about everything when really she is just being really sarcastic.DO NOT TAKE
Terrible!! Never said when anything was do and never went over anything. All she talked about was a bunch of BS. She just found stuff of internet to talk about!
She is HORRIBLE. I mean this lady is INSANE. She would be yelling at the class for something and be all mad while she was like laughing and smiling the whole time. So wierd. Also, she didn't ever tell us when papers and stuff were due or anything about them and then just be like, good morning, please turn in that huge paper i never even mentioned"
she is the worst teacher in the aas department she doesnt collect homework when she is suppose to and she loses it when you give it to her but thats not her fault its yours if you have to take a aas clas take dr. simpson not her she is useless. Her breath always stink and her hands are always ashy
Probably the worst college class I have ever taken, by probably the worst teacher. She is convinced that in one degree or another that all white people are inherently **** and responsible for all the problems of black society. And you are given no opportunity to disagree with her because she is the only person who is allowed to speak.
DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS! Group projects are never-ending, unorganized, huge, expensive book, she claims if you fail you are a ****. Personal experience, I was in a group for these projects, and had to do them all by myself, I told her I had no assistance and she still gave the 3 African American students got an A for MY WORK!!!!!
disorganized, no respect for students, knows material but no teaching skills
Test 1 was a passing grade by context though class day 1 I was absent. Received a 0! Because I didn't answer the quiz word for word his answer from the day 1 lecture. He demands that you write his answers verbatim on tests. He mocked 9/11 and was rude. Hands down the worst professor at CCU. As an alumnus of 2008, I can say this person is a tyrant.
The guy is a nut...seriously don't pay the guy to teach you, he isn't worth your money.
Hes a nice guy but his tests are IMPOSSIBLE! it is TRUE when they say "Either you get philosophy or you don't!" He always wants to smoke and drink coffee, all he ever talks about.... hes extremely hard but like I said he is a nice guy. Only take him if you enjoy philosophy...
If I could rate a zero, I would. He has no respect for students or their personal time. He thinks Cabrini is Harvard, it is not. Did not learn one aspect about religion. I learned how to read a 300 page novel in two nights and write a seven page exam on it. Threw all this knowlegde out of the window after class was done. Thanks for nothing.
As an advisor hes a moron, he skips meetings, he doesnt work with you. He only wants to do it if it is his idea. He wants the student to run things, as long as they run it the way he wants it run
She's awful. Tests are so difficult. She expects you to know years worth of material in such a short span of time. Not a single person passed our first two exams and the kids in my class seem pretty studious/smart. AVOID THIS CLASS OR ANY CLASS WITH DR BOYD.
Take my advice - Avoid the Boyd (at all costs)!!!! You will be glad that you did and can thank me later
Treated us like we were in high school still, honestly did not like her at all. Not helpful and only cared about a select few.
horrible teacher!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
she is a terrible teacher........she's very fast paced
She isa horrible teacher. I tookher class twice and studied hard and I still didnt get the grade I wanted. Her lectures are long and boring and her test don't follow her lecture notes. For those of you that have to take her I'm sooooooo very sorry. She's horrible
My Worst Grade In College
This teacher is so boring. would not recommend this class for anyone looking to pass with an easy C. Do not take unless you LOVE to read boring long books.
Boring, shows pictures all the time that do not pertain to anything. Never clear about wat is going to be on the tests
She was ridicious in the amount of writing assignments she assigned. She lacked organization, managed to screw up the syllabus more than once. I will never take her again, even if it means graduating. I am serious, she drove me nuts.
Worst Professor! My love for history was gone in the blink of an eye. I received a 62/100 on an essay worth 30% and she looked at it claiming it was okay (before the turn in date) and I got it revised by two different graduate students at the Writing center at my University. Does not answer emails. Those receiving decent grades are history majors.
I would not wish this class on my worst enemy.
She was an awful teacher. Never had anything nice to say about the paper I wrote. I was so in love with the subject she was teaching, and hated it by the time I was out of it. Beware of this teacher. She will make you feel stupid and not be helpful at all.
hardest professor ever!!!she expects too much for a basic class...even those who were history majors struggled i mean this was not a high division class...
Out of all of the professors I have had (from elementary to college), she is the WORST professor. She does not care anout her students, sends degrading email notifications, and thinks her teaching standards are precise and "beautiful." I put my actual grade because I am not afraid. I am taking her class now, and it's horrible. She grades TOO hard.
She was the hardest prof I've ever had here. Her tests and quizzes are super hard. The paper she gives to her students is hard to understand as well. She grades very hard...not an easy class to get a good grade in! She seems very nice at first but don't be fooled!
Horrible teacher. Too much reading, assignments, research paper is not fun either. She is a kind of prof. who's convinced that students are lazy cheaters and her reason to be at the University is to prove that. I would highly discourage from taking that class.
Insanely hard. I am practically a genius scored a 2300 on my SAT and still this class proves to be much harder than anything I have done in my life. HORRIBLE TEACHER!!! WAY TOO HARD!
hardest class . She is very difficult.Her lecture is so boring you take lots of naps. She is practically just read off of her prints…
AWFUL!!! The worst class I have ever taken!
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Harrie is the WORST teacher i have ever taken! I have done more work in this class than in my major classes. she thinks all the students are history majors and the stupid class is an elective. she is terrible!!!
A very demanding teacher. Her exams were all essay!!! 1 or 2 essays then 5 short essays and fill in!!! Expects everyone to know every detail! I read & came to all lectures but only got a C b/c of her damn exams
she is horrible...i tried very hard in this class and barely passed with a D-....was very dissapointed.
doesn't seem to want anyone to pass. I studied every night and still ended up with a D. Avoid if possible
I cried myself to sleep every night during this class. Save yourself a bad grade and a lot of stress by not taking her!!!
near impossible to pass. she makes it not only a history class, but an english class too!! Don't take her!!!
the absolute worst professor ever. wanted you to treat her class as if it were the only class you were taking. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS!!!!
She's really nice but She can go off-topic very quickly which delayd class. The three books she assigns to read are really hard to digest and don't reflect the time very well. Technology isn't her strong suit which caused massive delays in grading. Overall I didn't really feel confident about the material. I hate to be blunt but she needs to retire
Very unorganized and won't grade your assignments. Not tech savvy and should retire. Very outdated. Distracted easily. Had to change the syllabus throughout the semester. We still had four assignments left in the class with only a week and a half of class left, one was a seven page essay. Very nice lady but terrible terrible teacher. Don't take.
Honestly its an easy class if you watch the lectures and read but she takes forever grading things. She didnt even grade my final paper and gave me B for the class so theres that. Not a technology person although she is very nice and lenient.
Although she is very kind and careing I would recommend her.
Her powerpoints are not available online, she isnt a technology person and we arent allowed to use laptops nor phones. She is very unorganized. Although she is very kind and careing I would recommend her.
Worst professor I have had at CSUB. Lectures with her eyes closed, so good luck asking a question. Requires FAR too much for a 200-level class, and essays are near impossible to ace. I took this class my freshman year and wish I had used this sight to STAY AWAY. I still cringe at the thought of this class 3 years later. DO NOT TAKE RODRIQUEZ!!!!
if you already have suicidal thought, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!! she doesn't follow her own lecture outline, she is very clumsy and random, and expects way too much. SHE LECTURES WITH HER EYES CLOSED it is very irritating and distracting. she should not be a professor, she makes a boring subject even worse than it already is.
Grades inconsistently and hard. Unclear and very clumsy. Do not take her class. She does not deserve to teach
WORST EVER. boring lectures. thinks shes bein nice by making study guide even though the study guide is more broad than the book. takes attendance. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS
Soooooooooooooooooooooo boring and unclear.
She is the hardest grader ever; she is a grading nazi. seriously do not take her class. she is unclear and not nice. she also takes role. boooo! it is a survey course and she acts like it is a class for history majors!
The hardest grader I have ever encountered. Her lectures are sooooo boring and she takes attendance. I would urge you all to avoid her at all costs!
A VERY UNHELPFUL PROFESSOR! I WOULD NOT RECOMEND THIS PROFESSOR UNLESS THE PERSON IS READY TO GO TO SLEEP OR DAY DREAM!!!
Classes are useless, and boring. Heavy on reading. Liberal Obama lover. Irish accent made it difficult to understand her sometimes. She is a nice person, but I didn't enjoy her class. I got solid Bs on all my quizzes and my paper, but I got a C on the final, so my grade lowered to a C. Disappointing.
John Maynard I one of my least favorite teachers. He was incredibily boring and only lectured the entire time. I was so happy to get out of his class. I learned nothing from him.
Great Professor! As long as you stay with him on the lectures by taking good notes, the class will go by quickly and you will have everything you need for the exam. I learned a ton about the history of Early California thanks to this class.
4 those who take this class bring a pillow 4 ur pillow.
I would NOT recommend taking this instructor for many reasons! He tells the students to follow the study guides which will help them to do fine on the tests but when you recieve the test it is totally different from the study guide. He does not give out extra credit becuase he does not believe in it. He's test and quizes are really hard!!!
boring!!! the whole class would fall asleep, he did have funny impressions. failed every exam.
Set your snooze alarm. He doesn't grade papers either. I worked on a 10 page paper and he wrote 2 comments at the end of it, as if i was supposed to learn from those 2 comments: something that could help me later. What is the point in working your butt of to not get feedback? Highly disapointed!
Awfuly boring lectures that focused on unimportant events. Only briefly discussed important events. I feel that I left the class knowing less than when I went in. Test are very unclear.
Not entertaining! Focuses on all the wrong things! Study guides do not go along with tests! Tests are harshly graded and unclear!
His lecture unclear, not related to test material-Don't recommend!
Professor unfortunately did not follow the syllabus at all and cut most assignments and changed the final to a short prompt. It seemed as if he was not able to devote much time to this class. It felt like I learned nothing as we did maybe 6 assignments over 5 months. The good thing is it was simple, but at the same time did not feel worth it.
Seriously hated this professor. He is very unorganized and doesnt know what he is talking about at all. The class should have been listed as an online class because everything we did was online. His assignments are unorganized and uncomprehensible. Never taking him again.
101
Completely uninteresting and overly full of himslef
if it wasn'r for the computers i would die of boredom
This guyis a nut job. I demanded my money back and quit the class. Hes a freak! Unorganized and should be committed. NMC should relly look at this guy and see if they want him left with students.
Doctor Corral is the worst teacher I have ever had. She never tought and simply preached from her soap box about how stupid the students were because they did not think like she did. Furthermore, she lacks organization and is a shame to CSUB. Hermes is a joke!! Read this lame journal you will will find a tone of errors! Don't waste your time.
Out of 6 classes I took this semester this was the worst class transitioning to distant learning due to the pandemic. The professor is literally testing on concepts not included in the reading material and she is not lecturing only collecting work she had assigned at the beginning of the semester. I had an A before the closure, not sure now.
This professor is extremely unclear when it comes to her exams. She claimes her tests are lecture based but they are not. Her exams are very wordy and unclear. Her lectures are very boring and outdated. I will never take a class with her again. I tried explaining an idea to her outside of what she explained, she shut me down without my explanation
Currently taking a class with her and she is very difficult. Reading is mandatory. I have tried to study in many different ways but never really getting the grade I want. If possible, take another professor.
Horrible. She doesnt upload grades nor post any upcoming due dates online. Its all lecture and dont expect a PowerPoint, she graduated in like 1972 and is super old school. This is a flaw. You have to write down what she speaks
I am shocked that this professor has positive ratings for the senior seminar. This class is RIDICULOUS. You are required to write four 10 page papers. If you write 9.5 pages, you've done "95% of the work" as she explained. Obviously its not about quality. She belittles people who disagree with her. Her "lectures" are made up on the spot.
Didn't enjoy her class and her teaching style. Thought she was very rude and arrogant. She has an attitude when you ask questions in class and she answers them and makes you feel dumb. She acts as if she knows everything on the subject. Her assignments are somewhat easy but can also be a bit confusing. Tests are multiple choice. She asks questions from the books. She expects you to ready every page from cover to back of the book. I wouldn't recommend!
Terrible teacher. I learned nothing in senior seminar. I'm so glad I got out of the psychology major.
Lectures were boring. Gets mad if you second guess her, she is ALWAYS right no matter what. Test questions are repeats from previous exams, super easy. If she didn't make attendance manditory no one would show up. Take her if you like wasting time.
tests are cool,but you never know what to study for the written part. Projects are insanely stupid. You might die of bordom during lectures. Good luck.
AWFUL!Do NOT take this class w/her!Her tests are unclear,she does not bother reviewing, and does not go by the book!Talks down to her students as though they are stupid children.She is always right- A horrible adjective could be used to describer her but not allowed on this website!!
Rude, arrogant, thinks she knows everything and is always right
Boring and a little outdated, but easy.
The class was online, make sure to read the book. Pay special attention to the directions, otherwise will be ridiculed by the professor for being incompetent. Worst class and by far worst professor I've ever had, will use cap lock to talk down and correct you. And is extremally passive aggressive, don't expect much help either avoid this professor.
The Teacher is EXTREMELY harsh when it comes to grading. If your paper is not PERFECT its pretty much an automatic D or C. Avoid this teacher at all costs, its insane how picky this teacher is. I have never had a worse teacher in my life when it comes to grading.
This professor is not very helpful. She was often short and was not willing to discuss options for improving grades. Confusing deadlines for papers as well. She once gave me a zero on a discussion board because I greeted my classmates with "Hey" instead of hi or hello.
One of the most difficult college courses I have taken. Grading criteria is awful, gives a half description of what she wants done. Grades very hard, I spent 3+ weeks with two tutors, on a essay and still received a 60%. The Tutor practically wrote the essay.
Avoid her! She is really harsh when grading papers, and her feedback and grading system does not make sense. Her tests are on based on random parts in the book, and some do not even relate to the class. She grades harsher if you don't agree with her views.
DO NOT TAKE THIS "PROFESSOR"!! the class consists of only discussions so most of the grade is based off of 3 VERY tough graded papers. The average class grade people get on paper a D-F, you are bound to fail. she also leaves the snarkiest comments such as "its clear you didn't follow instructions""you should've learned this freshman year"
extremely tough grader and marks down points on papers for differing opinions/leaves unnecessary comments that belittle the writer. She rarely replied to emails for help and if she did the replies were short and condescending. I had to put other classes on the back burner to keep up with the workload that her papers required.
Let me say this first, in the beginning of the semester I was doing great like all my other classes. The mid way the semester the professor started asking political questions or questions that would reveal your political side. I stood by my views and she started being tough on my grades. Let me tell you in other classes all my papers are graded A.
WORST prof. ever. Confusing dates on canvas. Makes you watch long movies and videos. Communication class yet she is the worst at communicating. She grades on simple grammar not content. Makes you search for information that is unreachable by school librarian and tutors. I spent many days with tutors and still got a C+. Absolutely the WORST teacher.
Don't do it. I'm an A student and this professor is not it. 4 papers and a few 2 point discussions so basically those papers determine your grade. She is a tough grader so if you're an A student... you won't be in this class. She is also rude and doesn't communicate. Find another prof.
My only regret was not coming here first, the professor is the worst. I thought it would be an easy b, but i was dead wrong. The other comments here do not do this professor justice when they say this is the worst teacher ever. She will grade you harshly and is super unaccommodating unless you "twist her arm" .Best to steer clear of this class
Her syllabus says if you can't take a test on the test day, to let her know in advance. I asked her (a month in advance) if I can take the final exam a week or two earlier and she said "no, not possible. you have known the exam date since day 1 and professors assume you schedule that day/time 14 weeks in advance." like excuse me? why the attitude??
The comment where they rather get "paper cuts in between my toes and then dip my feet into a bucket of 99% isopropyl alcohol" is an understatement! I'm not sure why CSUB still has this degrading, condescending, pathetic excuse for an educator on their payroll. She teaches communication yet she has the worst communication skills with students AVOID
Worst teacher I have had at CSUB. She is also the most unprofessional professor I have had. Was horrible at communicating with students and has an unnecessary attitude for no reason. I would not retake or recommend this class to anyone. I would rate a 0 if it allowed me to.
boy oh boy. i would literally rather give myself paper cuts in between my toes and then dip my feet into a bucket of 99% isopropyl alcohol than retake this class. seriously, don't do it if you have any ounce of self-love. so many papers and unnecessarily difficult quizzes on literally everything in the textbook. covid would've hurt less than this.
This teacher is terrible! The class should not be as hard as she makes it. Theres not many assignments, but there were a total of 3 paper (Two 5-page & One 8-page). All of which, I feel were unnecessarily long and shouldve had more assignments to back them up. And she gave me a ZERO on the 8-page paper as if I didnt even do it. NEVER AGAIN!
Took this class for my upper division thinking I would pass no problem but that wasnt the case. She gives you three papers with little instructions on how to pass the papers and wont give you feedback on them until 3 days grades close. She isnt caring and doesnt get back to emails even though she says she does. I dont recommend taking her.
Her grading of papers makes zero sense and what she tests on out of the book is the most random parts of the text book. She offers no help when you try to ask for guidance. She has a zero tolerance policy for late work, but she takes FOREVER to grade papers. She seems to not care about her students at all. I do not recommend her at all.
She is not engaged with the students at all. When it comes to the essays she grades them so hard and unfairly. I have never received a grade lower than a C on a paper before and I got much worse on her assigned papers. I would not recommend taking this teacher to anyone, even if the course is required.
She is the worst professor that I have ever taken. She doesn't grade things until the last min, then expects you to use the comments from past graded material on things that have already been turned in by the time you have read the comments. Do not take this class unless you want to bang your head against the wall with frustration.
Doesn't explain prompts and is extremely critical when grading. She criticizes for spelling errors but in every email and prompt she sounds illiterate. Most profs. want you to pass and give you good feedback on assignments but she's not one of those.
She waits until the last minute to grade your work so you have no way of progressing throughout the semester. She doesn't engage with students and when she leads feedback on your papers she speaks to you as if you were supposed to know this already. Do not take her if you don't have to!
Worst professor I've ever had. Tests are worth 2.54 points and have between 20-60 questions, but the homework is the worst. Not because it's difficult (it is) but because she takes weeks or even MONTHS to grade. Her grading criteria is obscure and she is not remotely helpful. She doesn't care about student success, so spend your time elsewhere.
This is one of those professors who thinks their class is the end all, be all of life. Not only is she a tough grader, she is not understanding of students lives, and is unwilling to work with you. Her time is evidently too valuable to be wasted on the common folk. For the love of everything good in this world do NOT take her class. Youll thank me
I went into this class expecting an A but it was harder than I expected. She was a really tough grader. I was always confused about the assignments because the directions were all over the place. Most of the assignments I did horrible on but I use to pass all of the quizzes and test. This class was really stressful I barely got a B.
I shouldve listened to all of the reviews and avoided her at all costs but I ended up taking her class and can say she is by far the WORST professor I have ever had!! Her grading is based on emotion and she does NOT follow her own grading rubric. I had to fight for a fair grade on every paper, which Ive never had to do EVER. Stay far away!
VERY UNCLEAR ABOUT ASSIGNMENTS. WHEN TRYING TO COMMUNICATE WITH THE PROFESSOR, SHE IS UNRULY AND DISRESPECTFUL. DOES NOT WORK WELL WITH COMMUNICATION WITH STUDENTS. SHE NEEDS TO RENEW HER TEACHING CREDENTIALS!!!
WORST PROFESSOR EVER. AVOID. Professor acts immature and rude when responding to emails about ones grade. Is NOT clear on work. LATE on grading & sets up for failure. Will not take any opposed opinions from students and fights back that she is only correct. She is NOT professional at all & should stop teaching.. if you take her, GOOD LUCK.
Grades everything at the last minute so you can't really learn. Claims to answer questions but doesn't and instead responds in a very rude and conceited way. Gives assignments without any quality explanations. Really honestly a terrible professor.
This teacher is the worst. I'm a straight A student not afraid to have a tough professor but dealing with Pratt has been a nightmare. She doesn't say what she wants then grades late so everything is wrong and she is really harsh on simple mistakes. She leaves rude, nasty, and degrading comments/emails. Horrible teacher-- avoid at all cost.
This professor is absolutely ridiculous. She seems to have an issue giving credit where credit is due and enjoys pointing out meaningless personal preferences for her own writing style. She focuses purely on technical aspects to grade your work. I have NEVER gotten such bad grades on decent papers. She's a pathetic excuse for a teacher. Unreal
Absolutely ridiculous grading policies that are not even based on the work you do in class! If you just add the initial of your first name in front of your last name on the file name of the paper she gives you a 0! I have never had a professor I felt I learned less from, whose grading made less sense, or who provided less instruction than this one.
Dr. Pratt is the epitome of the professional I hope to never become. I received As on every test, quiz, and discussion as well as high marks on the first two papers. On the final paper, because I took a creative direction on the paper, she gave me a 50%, which moved me from an A in the class to a B-. She is obviously better than her students.
2 classes with her and both are bad experiences. She gives little to no direction on papers then grades the papers really tough, she comments on papers what should have been done instead of saying it to begin with, doesn't grade anything into the end so you end up doing all the papers "wrong" I get A's usually but get low B's in her classes
WORST TEACHER TO EVER TAKE A CLASS WITH! Even if you do everything right (study, assignments, tests, etc) she does not care to even bother helping you should you have any kind of trouble. She is rude and extremely unhelpful! If you don't have to take a class with her then you are one of the lucky ones! NEVER TAKE A CLASS WITH HER IF YOU CAN!!!!
She is no help and does not grade assignments until much later.
She is a horrible teacher!!!!!!! She does not grade papers for a very long time and if you try to email her she is very rude and snappy. She does not seem like she cares about her students or their success. DONT TAKE THIS TEACHER!!!!!!
As an online teacher she is horrible. Her tests are impossible. She is a horrible communicator and she is rude. she doesn't care about the students. avoid this teacher at all costs. you have been warned
this is a terrible teacher, she is not understanding at all. very rude and obviously does not have an interest in any of her students. I do not recommend this woman at all. she doesnt even call you by your name. Ive never had a terrible teacher, and this one is unfortunately one of them. DONT TAKE HER!!!!!!
Pratt does not seem to understand what a 1-unit class should consist of. We had weekly discussions (three posts each) & three assignments (two of which were 4 page papers!) this is more homework than either of my 5 unit upper division classes. The material is easy & tedious. Her instructions are not clear.Avoid if possible because she can be rude!
She forces her political agenda upon the students.
Do not take a class from her. She forces her opinions upon students and does not teach the subject. I did not enjoy her class.
Was not helpful in anyway. Talked about everything except material we would be tested on.
Rude and does not have good people skills... i thought he was a hard grader, and not that approachable. He also confused you alot...i thought general ed was supposed to be easy....worse psych teacher next to DEEGAN...AVOID if possible...good luck
not good
Attempted to fail me for wearing a hoodie during the final exam. If she thinks you are cheating even slightly she will do everything in her power to fail you, despite you not cheating.
rambles on and on and is all over the place, has no structure, and is also ****.
This is the worst professor I have ever had. She has unrealistic and hyperspecific guidelines that are nearly impossible to follow. Her feedback is discouraging and often rude. She made me and our entire class doubt our intelligence; she spent an hour berating us during class time about how terrible our work was. Her misery knows no bounds.
I hate her. Adolino is not accessible outside of class, and she does not show the answers after tests/quizzes have closed. The questions are not related whatsoever to lecture, and are EXTREMELY tricky with SO MANY CURVEBALLS. Extremely harsh grader, and so wordy. Everyone's average is a C. Good luck. Take at your own risk to your GPA.
Beware if you are in the EUPS program you have no choice. She's a super tough grader. Her feedback is harsh & doesn't make sense. She claimed I didn't know what I was talking about in a paper because I referred to EU directives and regulations legislation, which they are, yet she claimed they are not and we learned it in HER class. Good riddance.
Let me tell you, I have never had a worse professor in my life. This class was completely asynchronous and you could tell just how lazy Dr. Adolino was because of it. She offered no help with explanations and made her tests and quizzes IMPOSSIBLE--this is coming from a straight A student. Not worth the anxiety and anger. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
Professor Adolino asks a lot from her students while being very unwilling to accommodate herself. Her quizzes and tests are impossible to study for because of the way she writes her questions (in a subjective tone, including grammatical errors). She grades participation on how much time you have spent on her canvas page. Two thumbs down.
This teacher has an awful system of grading papers, that includes a detailed 12 page style guide that is whimisical, not based on anything factual. It's used to just dock points at will, not to mention there are 7 books required for a 1.5 month course. This is the hardest teacher at JMU and the least enjoyable to take a class in.
HORRIBLE! Do not take her class! Her tests are unfair & if you don't show up to class you get penalized but if you do show up to class you get no credit. I am an A student who just graduated & this is my first C+ in college. Do not take her class! I don't understand how she has good reviews. Her lectures are SO boring & I didn't learn anything!
"Russians in the Gulag had a better chance of making it out than someone coming out her class with an A." She has ridiculous standards. Requires students to read 10+ books, at least one book a week. Several papers. FAR more requirements than any other section of the exact same class. I am considering myself LUCKY to make it out with a C-.
The actual worst to be honest. The class is unnecessarily hard. Her tests are ambiguous and no matter how much extra credit you do, you will more than likely do poorly because the is the worst grader. They don't match the material at all. POSC200 is a gen ed and counts toward certain majors/minors. If you don't have to take her, don't.
He is so mean. He made fun of me in front of the whole class. If you correct him he will beat you verbally. He is so racist!
He is Horrible he is racist to me since i am black.
Dr. Jong takes full advantage of his tenure by verbally abusing students who dare to ask questions, even for clarification. He proudly declares that it is his job to help students, but berates students for interrupting him when asking questions, and even yelled at a student over the phone for emailing him instead of going to office hours.
Posts his past notes, quizzes, and tests onto his website, most with worked out solutions. Very predictable with what will be on the tests, which comes from the notes, homework, and quizzes. He goes off on 10 minute rants about things and wastes a lot of time. HARDEST GRADER i've ever had. Counts off for the tiniest things. Read and teach yourself.
His grading is crazy. He'll nickel and dime points away from you. He doesn't explain well, so your left to figure it out for yourself. He will ask problem 4 the meeting before each test and it is just definitions which must be word for word what he told you. The one thing that allows you to pass is that he is very consistent. He post old test.
2 weeks into class an I'm already failing his class, not because of incorrect answers, but from not having the right color of engineering paper, using a pen on the first test, SPELLING A WORD WRONG, boxing answers "incorrectly" and other stupid things like that. Seriously, don't ever take this teacher!
If you are going to take statics you better be ready to spend all your free time studying and doing homework. He is the strictest grader I have ever had. It is almost impossible to get full credit on anything. If attendance look low then expect a pop quiz. GO TO DRILL AND OFFICE HOURS
Can be very difficult at first, but if you make it through statics, mechanic of mat is a breeze. His teaching is almost useless, but figuring out how to do the problems on your own really helps with your problem solving skills in subsequent classes.
Terrible teacher! If you have to take him try to take it at summer school somewhere else. He does not explain the work at all during in class and magically expects you to be able to teach yourself from the book
we can ask him questions all day long and it is like he does not listen, he rants on something only barely associated with what you asked. Horrible grading. It's nitpicking to the utmost. Avoid him...avoid him...AVOID HIM
Dr. Jong is a useless old man who is too out of touch and set in his ways to teach a class. He does not understand vector notation or how to correctly report significant figures. If you work a problem correctly, but differently from him, he counts it wrong because he discourages creativity or originality. Very frustrating, avoid if at all possible
Jong is a cool guy, but a terrible teacher. His TAs grade the homeworks/quizzes FAR too harshly, and the amount of time given for quizzes is far too short. I know the material, and am failing the class based on nit-picking and general micromanagement that has nothing to do with actually learning the material.
I absolutely love the subject, but I hate Dr. Jong as a professor. You can't understand him half of the time, he wastes class time with trying to figure out the Smart Podium, and hey will take off points for the most minute, unreasonable details.
Jong sucks...it is worth the trip down to Fort Smith to avoid him!
One of the worst professors I've had the misfortune of meeting. Lectures are boring and non-informative. Homework is time-consuming. There is little logical sense to how or why we do something. He either never understands or never clearly answers student questions. Taking Dr. Jong's class is an insult to your intelligence and dignity.
Crappy teacher. Doesn't explain anything, also uses book that he wrote so if you don't understand his "style" you have no alternative source to go through. Only method of learning is through the TAs in drill.
He makes class miserable
Jong Sucks...I highly recommend taking the class down at UA Fort Smith. Avoid Jong and take it down there - way better teachers!
Worst Teacher Ever.
One of the worst I had. He is very grouchy and makes you look stupid. If you don't have him for statics, but then take dynamics or mech mat, you will be lost. He assumes you can read his mind and know how he likes sig digs and stuff. Unhelpful!
If it's not exact, it won't be correct. i.e. definitions must be word for word or it is wrong. If the significant digits are not to his liking, it is wrong. 80% of your learning comes from the book. Don't ask for help, he will make you look stupid.
Statics and Mechanics of Materials. Mard yes but jong is predictable 66% of the time. Take during the summer and devote the whole summer to Jong. The key word is study and go to drill. You dont want to take him again.
Does not help students or make material understandable
Hard to understand sometimes. Try to stay on top of homework.
Way too much material for one class. Tests are difficult to prepare for. Also difficult to get a straight answer to a question.
one of the worst ever
Tuition vey vey expensive... Engineering paypa few penny... use whole sheet
this class inhales vigorously!
Pros-fast grader Cons-Teaches in sort of unclear code, has emailed all undergrads in my class recommending they drop, rarely works examples if any, homework instructions are ambiguous, will say things like "you're not a good engineer", ambiguous grading rubrics, makes you do homework in lab report format for some reason, never sticks to syllabus
The homework is extremely hard .The tests are fair but very very difficult. He also grades very difficult.
There are better choices, if you want the material presented clearly.
RIGHT, RIGHT!!! We have counted the number of times Dr. Balda has said the word right in one class, and he said it 211 times. And if you can't pass his class then you are not a good engineer, that came straight out of the horses mouth.
While he is clearly passionate about what he teaches, his attitude towards students tends to be rude and condescending. He calls people out for not speaking in class, returns papers late, and tells you how you should have done your assignments after you've already submitted them. Be prepared to do readings before every class meeting.
He makes you show up to his VERY droning, irrelevant lectures full of his oddly worded personal oppinions rather than relevant facts, gives easy quizes, then tests you with horribly worded 140 questions on the final. He is irresponsible, confusing, boring, and condescending. I HAD an A+, but bombed the final and his response was "were you high"?
He is very hard. His lectures are not organized. He is very demanding. He shows up to class with no outline. His pop quizes are hard and his test are even harder. He is not funny. he is very boring. I would not recommened him unless you have to take him.
He is the worse teacher every. He does not help and his notes have nothing to do with his tests. He can't teach at all.
All I can say his that he got the last laugh! He never made to effort to teach, be organized, be interesting, was always off topic, and spoke a bunch of unnecessary jargon! He totally is a student's worst nightmare because he just can't teach!
Dr. Ishida taught this whole class from a different book...or maybe he thought he was teaching a different class...nobody, not even the 4.0-ers, in the class could pass his quizzes...and I hate it when he "claims" things...I don't recommend.
his lectures are horribly boring and useless. he talks slow because he does not know how to explain himself.material was difficult so you dont really understand what you are reading in the text and he doesnt teach very well. usually when students use the textbook alot its because the professor does a horrible job of teaching the material.
Run is right!!! he is the most unhelpful professor i have ever had!!! If you have nothing better to do than read like 200 pages a night, then this is the class for you!The people that like him need to get their head checked..
Dr.Suter is the worst teacher that I have had since attending CSUB. He is the biggest JERK & he is very unhelpful. He wants students to fail!!!!!
He's an EXTREMELY tough grader & goes on rants in lecture, yet tests on things that he never mentioned but were referenced in the textbook. The class averages were always F's & D's. He doesn't like confrontation, so don't bother talking to him during office hours or after class, because he gets VERY angry & rude about it. Seems nice at first though
He doesn't give traditional lectures which makes it hard to take notes, and test review sessions can be difficult to follow. He can be rude at times, and puts all the blame on the students. He does return work and tests quickly which is good. Overall I STRONGLY RECOMMEND NOT TAKING HIM.
Dr. Moe is perhaps one of the hardest professors on campus. He doesn't even stick with the subject and goes off on tangents. He doesn't follow school policy and does things his way. He doesn't even follow the class textbook. He is also very rude to the students and constantly degrades them. I wouldn't recommend Moe. Other professors are better.
Moe incessantly argues semantics, goes off on ten or eleven tangents, comes back. Never gives concrete answers. Keeps asking students guiding questions, students lag behind (i.e. ?guess?). Constantly asks, ?you understand right??. No power-points, lecture notes, or solutions to study questions. You get voice (doodles sometimes). Grading is cruel.
Lectures are lively, but information may be independent of textbook. He likes to add his own spin on a topic, usu. feeble, and then will quiz you on it. Play along with this one and keep your distance if you can. This instructor is big on bias and grades accordingly.
The course was interesting and his lectures were good. Just dont ask him a question in person 'cause he'll bite your head off. Not a very approachable man.
Hated him. The only reason I went to the class was so I could stare at Adam McMasters!
All the negative comments on this page, i concure with. I got an A in the class, worked my ass off, did all the busy work, put up with his demeaning character, nearly wore myself ragged doing it, and found out that the other profs for stats are not only better people/instructors, but that their requirements/grading are much lesss strict.
The person who said that they looked forward to coming to class below is an absolute sadist! I too am an honors student, my grades have always been excellent (until Dirkse--got a C- with maximum effort!). Harsh grader, horrible listener, demeaning. Am retaking Stats (non-honors) to repair my damaged GPA. I would NEVER recommend this instructor.
Hours and hours of homework.Completely unrealistic expectations, harsh grader(both on homework and tests).He acts as though this is the only class the student is taking. Majority of class is getting a "C" or below. I agree with the person who said if you are in the honor's program, take another class and plead ignorance. TRUST ME, AVOID DIRKSE!
Horrible teacher, I must recomend to avoid if at all possible. His grading is very skewed, if u voice concerns for the class, he will kill your grade. If you come for help expect to be ridiculed mercylessly. He makes me feel stupid. Extremely insenseable. I am an honors student, amazing grades my whole life, that changed with D. *******AVOID******
if you can avoid dirkse, do so.student sucess is not his 1st concern.there is a serious hypothesis that he A treats different sections differently in lecture quality/grading and B his student falure rate is high enough that his course is far too difficut.
HORRIBLE!!! Don't miss a class or you will be sanctioned. The man is intimidating and extremely rude.
Unrealistic expectations, had a condescending and insulting demeanor, and overall a poor communicator with students. I've taken many biology related courses and he's by far the worst professor... Not in covering the material but in his generally poor treatment of students.
Dr. Speigel is the definition of a man in the wrong place. He has an ego that gets in the way of his teaching - he has to things HIS way. Biology is not opinion based. An Introductory biology course especially does not need to be subjective. If he was teaching to grad students, MAYBE he would be an effective teacher. MAYBE.
Quite possibly the worst course I may ever take. Very full of himself, and lectures do not help at all when it comes to course work and tests. I do not doubt his knowledge of biology, but his teaching methods are horrid. His tests were worded in such a way were he would confuse and contradict his own self, and also isn't much help through email.
Tests are virtually impossible to make a high score on because you can't study for them and the questions are opinion based. He constantly contradicts himself and the textbook. We do homework over the textbook but the tests have nothing to do with it. I haven't learned one thing about biology. He constantly rambles on about irrelevant subjects.
This class made me change majors. Thats all.
He does not care about his students. All he does is talk about his "distinguished research." I love biology and science, but genuinely one of my least favorite classes that I have ever taken. If you take this class, you will not learn biology. He will only preach to you about how cool and intelligent he is. Very conceited.
Professor Spiegel teaches biology the way he thinks biology works. This means that if you take this class, you should forget anything you know about biology. Every question on every test is opinion-based. You just have to try to understand how Spiegel's mind works, which will not happen. On top of that, Spiegel is very rude. Do not take this class.
Will test you on theoretical things that even graduate students wouldn't know. If you find out your lab group is bad early, ask to change to another lab time. All your tests are taken with the group and all the scores are combined for the total. If you can avoid this class, do it. Unless you're obsessed with his life or amoeba, it's not for you.
just dont
Don't
Does not even teach, but reflects on his life. The test are not even based on facts, but on his opinion and what he thinks should be correct. Honestly, you learn nothing in class so it is not even worth going. The homework does not even relate to the test. Would NEVER take this class again, I would rather switch majors or transfer.....
Dr. Spiegel is a really nice person, but I truly did not enjoy this course. Mentally prepare yourself for the pre-quizzes - they aren't difficult (graded for completion), but they take probably 4 hours each (usually one per week). Just took his final btw, start praying now.
The amount of homework and studying to be done for this class is exponential and he gives 7-8 hours of homework a week. Plus the homework can be difficult. Just be prepared to stress about this class.
Exams are nothing like the lectures, doesn't provide you all information that you need to know for the exams. Funny and Nice guy, just not a good professor... Any other professor would be in your best interest
He is my only B in college. Ochem2 is a breeze compared to this class. He is literally the worst.
Homework has barely anything to do with lecture and it takes forever. His lectures will put you to sleep. Tests come from his lectures. The tests are group tests and still very difficult.
This class was honestly one of the worst classes I have taken at U of A. If you are a biology major, you have to take this class. To get an A in the class, you have to meet the point criteria and get an 87 on the final. I had well over the point criteria but because I made an 83 on the final, I received a B. Lectures are very boring but hw is easy.
In class lectures were not helpful. Most of the class was spent rambling about nonsense that could be explained much easier or that would not be on the test. Homework was regularly assigned and took about 4 hours per week. On the bright side, if you are curious about being a biology major, this class will quickly inform you if you should be one.
This class is a joke. Lectures do not make sense and is him just going on and on about some rant. Have to make 86% on final not matter if your overall grade is an A. So basically, nobody gets an A because his tests are all hypothetical. He clearly knows a lot about biology, but he does not know how to deliver that information without ranting.
Although I technically had the grade for an A, I received a B due to his rule that you HAVE to make an 86% on final regardless of your overall grade to make an A. His lectures are not relevant whatsoever, usually just rants... However, you have to go because you have to sign in for points. WORST CLASS EVER. Good luck, bio majors... you'll need it!
He gives pre-quizzes once a week worth 100 points that are between 300-500 questions per pre-quiz, they take hours to complete when you take notes but are literally the ONLY way you will learn the information in his class. Attendance is mandatory but you will never learn anything, his lectures/test are made to be confusing. Basically, he sucks.
If you take any his courses, get ready for completely useless lectures where you will learn absolutely nothing. The most you will learn is through the prequizzes. Packback is a waste of time. He acts like a child in class. He tells us information and then tells us how he disagrees with it based on his own research. Tests needlessly hard.
I learn nothing in his class, spent countless hours outside class studying for his obscure exam formats. He creates hypothetical "bizarro world" situations and you have to decide whether or not something about it would be plausible, or if based on REAL Biology it would be impossible. Literally makes no sense and does not test content he teaches.
you won't learn anything in this course. Shockingly our section was his best scoring section yet (not saying much). Exams make no sense (either appropriate or not appropriate). Homework take ages to complete. U also can't get an A unless you score 1360/1600 on the final no matter ur total points. Good luck to you future bio majors. prayin for you.
this class was AWFUL. tests are by groups, and groups are assigned. If you dont get a genius in your group, or a group who will work with you, you're just screwed. Lectures are nothing like the tests, tests dont even make sense. if you dont have to take this class, save yoruself.
Ill put it this way: its disheartening to realize that you didnt really learn anything considering the amount of time spent on pointless homework and sitting through boring lectures. On the other hand, if you love talking about how cylindrospermum sp. are related to your nearest neighborhood tree, this class is for you
Off topic lectures. Condescending. Hope you actually don't want to learn Biology, because he won't teach it to you. He verbatim told us "I am not here to teach you". He asks questions that nobody can respond to, to make himself seem like he's a genius. He's not. Unfortunately this class is required.. do the quizzes, read, and hope for a miracle.
He knows a lot about slime molds but that about it. His lectures were useless and his tests were all over the place. He graded very subjectively and his lecture was just 45 min of off-topic ranting and the other 30 min was awkward silence. Don't take unless you have to and make sure you do all of the quizzes. Also the labs sucked.
All exams were group and the first one no one finished. Kids took pics of the exam so he sent it out before the makeup exam. My sister(has a BS in Biochem) and I redid the exam. I copied down exactly the answers we got. He graded it himself to which resulted in a F. Unrealistic expectations for freshmen. Don't even get me started on the final.
All I can say is good luck to every biology major coming through Arkansas. The lectures were pointless and he managed to go over one minuscule topic the entire class period. Be prepared to do a ton of outside work only to still feel unprepared for the tests.
Professor Spiegel really did not ever talk about anything that was actually relevant to what we were tested over in class. I highly recommend NOT taking this class if you need a good grade in a biology class. He gets off topic a lot and really didn't teach much, he pretty much just talked a lot about irrelevant things.
This was the worst class I have ever taken. The lecture are pointless, off topic, and convoluted. I received a 100 on every assignment & took notes on every lecture, yet repeatedly failed every test, it is clear that the homework and lecture are irrelevant to the exams. I emailed professor Spiegel three times asking to meet. I never got a response.
One of the worst teachers I've ever had. I am an honors student with a 4.0 GPA and I dropped his class because of his terrible teaching methods and almost monotone voice. It seems as if he doesn't want to teach you so therefore, you don't learn anything at all.
Does not make any sense in his lectures, goes off on while tangents. Tests are nearly impossible to prepare for.
He looks like David the Gnome...
Took AP Biology when I was a senior, so this course was basically a refresher. However, the way they teach this course is beyond me. Spiegel is arrogant and conceited. Big part of why I am no longer a Biology major!!
This is the worst prof. I have ever had. He's an arrogant, conceited jerk who basically thinks all of his students are stupid. Warning: If a class of 300 goes from having a test avg. of 80 to a test avg. of 55, it's simply because their stupid.
This guy is perhaps the most arrogant man I have ever known. NEVER TAKE THIS CLASS!
Take Biology at NWACC...why do we have to pay for this course...different teachers every few weeks...so they can do research!!! we are paying high tuition ...this method of teaching is awful! Someone needs to change the structure of this course!!!
Don't take his class. All around bad prof.
Dork alert. Try to convince people you're intelligent only makes you look stupid.
Power trip, not as smart as he thinks he is, unfriendly and unprofessional.
Boooo!
Grammy is by far one of the pickiest teachers I've had. Two online assignments (Homework and quiz) every week. He is also very picky with how he grades, and does not go over it in class either, so expect little to no points on both assignments. He reads off his lectures, which are all power points found online.
I didn't like this professor & his accent is really thick. If you ask him a question sometimes he'll reply with a smart alack response. All he does is read from his power-points. He is not energetic at all. If you want to get help, i suggest you ask someone who is a econ major because he sometimes will not answer your question clearly.
His grading is awful. He doesn't say what he wants. If you do poorly on the homework it kills your grade and he won't tell you what you can do to get full credit on the questions. I would never take a course with him again.
I am taking him this quarter and i already have so many issues with his teaching. he is a very difficult teacher, he doesn't care for his students and is extremely rude. from 3 weeks that is what i already got from him. i would NOT recommend him as a teacher
Dr.Grammy was one of the worst professors I have ever had. I never felt engaged in the course, all he did was read from a power point and show a bunch of videos. If you are taking this course be prepared to do all the work yourself. He gives no study guides and expects you to get it the first time around. There are only two exams. And they are hard
I just had her for a substitute one day and she made me want to die
This guy talked about how all college kids in America are stupid and how it was beneath him to show up to class. Not sure why he did ,he just sat there unapproachable any other time. Not kidding. I'm a Masters student and in all my hundreds of classes he was the very worst professor. Complain? its doesn't help, his wife is department head.
I took this class as a hybrid course and we only had class 3 times out of 10 weeks! Lectures did not help at all with tests and understanding the concepts. Pretty happy he is retired now so i will not have to take him again!
Laziest professor I've ever had in my life. I'll never forget when I had him four years ago for ACCT 2. He would ramble on about his life for half the lecture, and proceed to be vaguely on-topic for the next. He once skipped lecture because his foot was hurting and didn't want to stand despite there being a chair in the classroom. I actually tried.
85% online quizzes on stuff you have to learn on your own. 15% group presentation on a chapter you have to learn on your own. He played games with us by fluctuating quiz times. Not cool. Didn't really use textbook much.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR HE IS VERY INCONSIDERATE AND THINKS HE IS ALWAYS RIGHT, MAKES YOU FEEL DUMB WHEN YOU ASK HIM A QUESTION. TALKS ABOUT UNRELATED SUBJECTS.. EXPECTS YOU TO DO ALOT WHEN HE IS THE ONE IN THE WRONG..
Terrible! He taught nothing. Students presented each hater and he had nothing relevant to add, instead he tore down the students. How are we suppose to lecture something we don't know? Other students determine your grade and the criteria is not very clear. We took ZERO tests. THIS IS COLLEGE! I learned NOTHING!!
If you are a business major, avoid taking a class with him. Quarter tuition is very high nowadays. If you take his class, congrats, it's your first BAD investment.
Did not teach the class. Had students lecture the class. He had no valid information to add to the students' lectures. I would never take his class again. I am an accounting major and this was one of my last classes, and now I rather dislike accounting because of him. He is a great teacher if you don't want to ever like accounting.
He offers no real contribution to the class. Most of the examples he uses during class are incorrect and the students must correct him. The homework is due before the lecture. This class would be better served as an online class. Students must teach themselves and Doucet offers no measurable addition to the class.
The worst teacher ive had, he expects you to learn from the book, and
When you ask a question, he really makes your feel like a retard. Must do your work for the next chapter before class. Doesn't teach, expects you to know it all. Makes you rate yourself at the end of the quarter and will dock you if your grade for participation doesn't match his. Avoid if possible. He and his wife love making people fail.
One of the worst experiences I have had at school is this class and his "teaching". He displays no enthusiasm to be there, has unrealistic expectations and when you do try to go ask for help his help is useless. Do not take this class because terrible experience and no matter how hard you study it does not help one bit.
Doing the homework and reading before class did not make a difference. He wants people to have discussions in class about the material, but if you ask a question, he definately makes you feel stupid!
Stay away from this tosser he will fail you. He has unrealistic expectations. he things you have no life like him and no job anf this is the only class you are taking. this instructer is the biggest waste of time ever. whats more he thinks he is living in the 1950s. i hope he gets fired. he is useless. teaching students noting.
Not a female friendly instructor.
This guy has no clue about how to teach. ,ales things vey hard for the students.
She is the worst teacher ever I have never had such a bad teacher before she has aids do her work and you are not allowed to ask her any questions or she deducts you she should be retired.
I absolutely abhor this woman.I took her online for a very interesting class (Sex, Life, and human population).BUT she is an horrible when it comes to creating tests; she has no idea what she is doing--trick questions on tests and errors all over the place. I never do below a B+ but she expects you to memorize the entire textbook--word for word!!!!
No help at all should not teach soc when she is a geography major. Got a D the only D ever in my whole life I get A and B never lower
Dr. Moore is a bit of the good and a lot the bad things listed. I have to say that even though I liked her, I wouldn't recommend her. She is not approachable, she is often vague, and has said more than once to the class that she likes it when students are intimidated by her. No joking. Its kinda sad, you can tell she use to be a great professor.
This professor is term paper oriented. Makes absolute no sense it was she says, asks, lectures, responds, etc. She was very vague in what she wants from us. She is rude by reacting to questions by scolding you. The only reason I was able to pass was the extra credit she gave and her lenient paper grading. Good luck if you have her.
Talks about whatever she wants and hardly touches subject matter. Barely explained huge research project. The "word" on her is don't take her class unless you have to, and then learn what you need to on your own. You won't get it from her.
You guys must be fellow socialists if you agree with her and think she is intelligent? She doesn't know her subject as well as the students who work in the field, she is a joke and descriminates against those who are more intelligent than her. Suck
I thought I would enjoy this class and I feel just the opposite. Don't bother taking his class he is arrogant and is not much help at all. Not very clear either. Test questions are stupid.
He teaches nothing useful whatsoever, but it is fun to watch him teach.
Do not take this class. His average on a Test is around 30% while he claims that he will make the average a C, I failed to see that on my result. I usually score around 30-40% higher than the average and barely passed the class. His teaching method is horrible while his exams are not what it should be for an introduction class. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
Dumb jokes, tries to trick you on exams, makes fun of BC Professors although they have higher ratings than him, makes fun of oildalians, makes fun of my advisor calls her dragonlady, he yells a lot when its just 9:30 in the morning, Needs to stay retired . Teaching method is unsuccessful!
OMG this professor is hard seriously u don't have an idea of what to study on the test although it is open book test. so i recommend some one else
DON"T take him!!! He sux. doesn't really tell you what to study for exam. He makes it a very hard class for an intro class!! don't like him.
He rants and raves about irrelevent matters. Tests have no relavence to discussion and no one would get an A if he didnt grade on a curve. He is funny but Not at all helpfull. Attendence is completely necessary. You can do well if you study because everyone fails the tests so you just have to do slightly better than your neighbor. Open book tests
He precategorizes students and and doesn't really care about them nor really listen to them, he is never wrong (according to himself), absolutely has favorites (especially athletes), and behaves as if this class bores him.
He isn't very helpful at all.
He is a ****. Period.
He mostly talks about inane experiences in his past during lecture, which leaves little incentive to show up to class. It's only when students don't show, that he covers anything really pertinent to the course, using fear to teach. Pathetic.
Worst teacher I had. Attended class everyday did all my homework and still managed to fail. He never explained anything just made us do work on the board. I re took this course and got a B with a different professor.
Ended up with a C+ in tis class. Did all the work, read every chapter, understood what I was reading, but the tests tricked you and were not straight forward. Examples given in class were not related to midterms and finals at all. I had gotten A's and B's in the other classes I took, but this class is HARD. TAKE ANTHROPOLOGY 120 INSTEAD.
The class started out fine at first but as the quarter went on he began to be frustrated with student's lack of understanding. He is calm and mellow but can be intimidating when upset. I wouldn't take him again, but if you plan on taking it I would definitely pay lots of attention and ask lots of questions when I don't understand something.
I did not like this class.He doesnt explain material well. He always thinks he's right and he becomes arrogant about trying to help a student understand the material.I would not recommend this professor.Dont let first day experience fool you.
Challenging, boring class I definitely struggled his tests are hard home work is easy and he uses online quizzes that are just a pain
do not take it with this prof
I strongly recommend not taking this class with this professor.Lectures are very dry goes off topic.He is very biased in political view spending majority of class talking about.Powerpoints are the book regurgitated.Very cryptic when asked to clarify hw.If you get something wrong on online quizzes too bad you wont see them he will deny you.
Dr. Oswald's lectures are difficult to follow because he teaches a significant large amount of information in a very short time period. Furthermore, he is unclear when giving out instruction. I didn't know why I had to use the information or how to use the information. The book was very easy to follow and, in truth, enjoyable, but Dr. Oswald at tim
This teacher should not be teaching anymore! I have failed every quiz and homework assignment even though i studied the book and took the practice quizzes for over 2 hours each time. If you miss one little thing on a hw question you fail the entire problem regardless of how much work you did!!! dont take this class with this professor
I've only had 1 D before in my life. i think im getting a D in his class. by far the worst teacher i've ever had. he does not care if the studens understnd him. he does not make it interesting at all. he only reads off of a powrpoint all day. he gives us the slides, but changes them aftewrwards. He always says the book is wrong. Run from him!
Do not take him! Enough said.
Do not recommend. He doesnt like visitors at his office. He doesnt even put where his office is located on the syllabus and it's for a purpose. Do not take him unless you are a genius or econ is your thing.
Gives you on example of a problem and then quizzes you on it the next day. When he does not even explain it and only once if you miss the day he does it, you are pretty much toast.
This professor alone made me want to not be a Business major anymore. Reminded me of Ben Stein meets Mr Rogers. Classes were extremely dry w/ nothing but lecturing and PowerPoint w/ no student interaction at all. He also forces students to pay $30 to take quizzes online. 2 of my friends dropped this class, I should have done the same.
Class is taught like a seminar. No interaction between students and teacher, you just sit and listen to him talk and talk and talk... The quiz questions were irrevelent to the overall purpose of the class. This professor also seems a little self-absorbed with no real interest in his students.
Tough! He assumes that you already know everything.
The worst teacher I've ever had. Not very friendly. Most of the class was failing or dropped half way through. Lectures are boring. Exams and near daily quizes are made more difficult because of his additions and contradictions to the reading.
Is rumored to be Evil incarnate. I'm not sure about that, but it wouldn't surprise me.
Thanks for the textbook. NOT.
Dr. Gea is a very smart man, so much that I think he should be teaching a higher level physics course. He explains things to where its difficult for a physics I student to comprehend, in my opinion. Some people did really great, but I was often lost, even after reading his textbook and working problems.
The book and lectures are confusing. Lectures are only useful for the attendance points. I understand most of the concepts because I learned them in high school. I feel it would be difficult to understand the class without having AP physics background knowledge. Dr. Gea is clearly knowledgeable but communication of the concepts is difficult.
His lectures are pointless but getting clicker points. He begins every sentence with Its basically and ends it with ok haha. The textbook is absolutely terrible, the formatting of the math is indecipherable. I would probably be failing if it werent for the lab and study groups. He is not a good teacher whatsoever.
He's a nice guy that cares BUT him using his own textbook was his biggest downfall. It takes someone who already knows all the material to understand. NOT TO LEARN. The test grading is vague and you have no idea what the graders are looking for. He may be smart but he DOES NOT know how to teach. Biggest waste of class ever.
hes a great guy and all but the only materials you have are straight from him. His text book, his written labs, his tests, and his lectures. If you dont have a background in physics expect to struggle. He has test averages that are all failing & doesnt give curves. I studied for 12 hours and made a solid F :) good luck
If you haven't had physics good luck. Also, most of the time you're given only one variable and then asked to solve. Most TA's are harsh, you probably won't understand what is going on past the second test. Doesn't matter how hard you study, test questions are always brand new and so unfamiliar, not similar to the homeworks at all.
unclear lectures, difficult homework, doesn't work examples in mandatory lectures.
How can you one be head of a department,but can barely teach? If you haven't taken physics in highschool, good luck. He's the worst when it comes to workings because he doesn't. He assumes that you already know the tips and tricks to physics.
This class and this professor are a joke. He constantly corrects himself in lecture and tends to put vague questions in both the homework and tests. Homework is also a joke it''s 6 questions and only one is graded. Sure it''s a large class and your TA''s only have so much time on their hands but really Avoid this one.
Easy material. All tests come from old tests so find some old ones & look over them the day before the test. Clever old man came up with a way to make 300 kids come to class every time. If you take honors, the paper is only worth 10 points so don't stress it. DON'T blow off test 3. it's harder than the rest. Final is optional but there is no review
It seemed to me that most of the class learned more by studying the chapters that were for the test than going to class to listen to a hour lecture that could of been totally wrong. If you have never had physics then good luck. Most likely you will have no clue on what he's talking about.He thinks too much when he's trying to explain the material.
He doesn't prepare for class very well. He didn't prepare at all for the final class before the final. It was a complete waste of time, he just read problems out of a book that he had obvisiously never looked at before.
i hated this class. he mumbled to the board and he would spend the whole class working a problem and then at the end say "oh wait this is not right" and make you forget everything he just told you...he either knew too much for his own good or he didn't know much at all.
Did not like this person as an instructor or an advisor. I took it with another teacher and did quite well.
He speaks above the class and will make it impossible to understand the subject unless you have prior knowledge. He makes mistakes, and won't fix them while doing example problems, often saying "Oh, that's wrong. Well, you know what I mean." When you ask him for help he is very cocky and rude.
Horrible teacher, don't take him EVER, don't take burgis either, they both suck. He is worse, I guess. YOU WON'T LEARN A THING, waste of money even if yoiur parents are paying. I can't tell you how terrible his teaching is and this is coming from a teacher.
Has no place teaching future teachers.
He hates teaching. I guess he likes Math and people who already get it, but doesn't want to have to explain anything. Very rude comments. And I took out a loan to take this class!!!! Bad experience. I used to like Math.
unclear unhelpful unable to make sense. Follow directions to the letter or you will be penalized.
UH? Does this guy even know what he's talking about? Second guesses and makes class very punitive. How fun will math be when the person who is teaching the future teachers makes it a tortous event every class.
This is the worst class and professor I've had at Aquinas. Terrible prof.
Maybe he was a good teacher in the past but I have never been so bored in a lecture! His tests were awful and I didn't think he was a very big help at all. I didn't learn anything in this class.
He's the worst professor I've ever taken. Treats his lectures like its a performance, the TAs don't like him. If you have never taken a film criticism course DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Doesnt spend too much time teaching how to analyze films properly, so you will fail. Doesn't prepare you for any of the exams and you only watch old white people films.
Professor Casper's lectures are all focused on him being theatrical. I feel like the class is not really a lecture but it's more of a 1.5 hour long speech. I often found myself bored with the content. If you've taken a BASIC film course before, take the waiver exam if you can, and study a little for the waiver exam. I disliked this course a lot.
Least favorite prof Ive had at USC. Eccentric, scattered, calls out students. Screens old white Hollywood movies. Ignores international cinema at the time that was actually relevant - French New Wave anyone? Never discussed. Casper is all about HOLLYWOOD and HIMSELF. Unless you like outdated ideology and Mildred Pierce, PLEASE dont take Casper!
I would advise no one to take this class if they are interested in cinema. I can say with full confidence that anything I know about film was taught to me outside of this course. The book is $200 of wasted money made of compiled essays by his grad students with his name slapped on the front. I entirely regret having taken this class.
Gets angry at the weirdest things. You never know when he is making a point. Lectures are 2hr of him talking straight. You never know what to study. The old movies are very cheesy, and I never understand why they are great. Find another GE A.
Get ready to die. You will be stressed if you take the course and you have been WARNED. Find another GE A course.
Casper's class is geared toward cinema students despite being an art GE course. His lectures are long/boring, and creepy when he gets close to students during lectures. He is very pretentious and the TA's expect flawless papers without tips on improvement. I don't recommend this class - you won't enjoy a fun/interesting class with modern movies.
professor casper's lectures are complicated and much of what he teaches is uninteresting if you're not a film major. took it hoping it'd be an easy GE, but wishing I'd dropped it when I had the chance. DO NOT TAKE CTCS190 IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR AN EASY GE!!!!! i know people who liked the class because they were film majors, it just wasn't for me
This class is not easy. I took it as a GE and I regret it. It's very interesting, and Casper is an expert in the field. Some call him a living legend (students applaud him at the end of every lecture). But, if you're looking for an easy GE I suggest looking elsewhere. Your grade is almost entirely based on your TA so make sure you get a good one.
It is hard to fellow. He always creates his own definition towards terms and expect us to memorize them.
He is very unclear and the lectures are disorganized. I can see that with a good ta this would be different but I shudder to think of my grade. This is coming from someone who studied like crazy and watched all the films and attended all the classes and could not make sense of the midterm or the final. Simply too crazy.
Overrated. Represents everything wrong with the USC crit studies program. Class is a cult, shepherding in naive, wide eyed students. Why do people applaud after every lecture?! You learn to regurgitate Casper's lectures on test and papers. No room for your own original thoughts. Lists IMDB #s during lecture and tells you to read his book.
He was/is an erratic, incoherent lecturer. I attended every lecture but had difficulty taking down notes due to his manner of speaking. Didn't buy the course reader, but bought the textbook. Most of the terminologies and definitions should be explained by the T.A or can be found online. Exam's are pretty brutal. Re-watch films+Attend study sessions
Drew Casper is a joke. His attempts to analyze the selected films were frankly embarrassing. He constantly confused director intent with his particular interpretation. He refused to cite sources for his "facts". He made up his own definitions to terms he clearly did not understand. He is a performer and a poor one at that. An embarrassment to USC.
Okay so this is a required class for all cinema majors (Critical Studies), but I did not know that, and took it as an elective. While I overall enjoyed the class, it is not what I was expecting, and therefore I was very caught off guard. Caspar is CRAZY and will remember you if you answer his questions. I would not take this for "fun" too hard.
This guy likes to play the part of a diva vampire in his class. He's unwilling to go above and beyond for you unless you unabashedly worship him like his mindless TA's. That being said, he's actually very smart (just ask him, he'll tell you so) and if you're willing to verbally fence with him, it's a lot of fun. He tries very hard to scare the kids
Casper is a pretty awful teacher. He makes class more about entertaining us than trying to communicate something about film. He invents terms. He scribbles nonsense on the board. He embarrasses his students. Even the TAs admit Casper lives in a totally different world. Lecture is pretty incomprehensible. TAs are tough.
By far my least favorite professor and class. Before I took the class I would consider myself pretty heavily interested in film, now I dropped the major. Casper is incredibly arrogant and difficult to listen to. Look for him to contradict himself on a regular basis and attempt to belittle students.
Another one of SC's overrated professors! Skip the hype.
This guys lectures only tell us about himself.. he is so self loathing and only wants to have a bunch of kids think he is great too... this class sucks i saw no one should ever take it ever! Casper is mean and hateful and old. He rants on about modern technology and how he hates texting and how he hates laptops.. goodness.
Casper is the worst film teacher I've ever had. He's been giving the same lectures (and I mean, identical) every semester for upwards of 20 years. Students can't ask questions unless they're the ones he wants you to ask. He mocks students and seems more interested in tooting his own horn and providing catty comentary on every successful person in the business than on actually providing any thoughtful analysis or insight. I've learned more about film by listening to DVD commentary tracks than from him!
Casper often imparts infactual information. Passionate yet egotistical -- he would be better suited to teach highschool.
Yes he has passion. But he is a megolomaniac, who often can only barely cover his racism and homophobia. He also borders on verbally abusive. And after I did some checking, many of his facts were dead wrong.
Awful
To demanding for a theme 2 course. I worked my butt off, never missed a day, did all assignments, and barely passed. Listening examples are difficult cause he tries to trick you and he is too hard on grading. My gosh, I should have taken something else. And, you have to see 2 movies and not cheap to go to theatres and watch movies you can't stand.
A definite waste of time!...He makes things so difficult and his class is completely boring!...I'm thinking about changing my major because of him!
He makes the class harder than it is...boring and poor grader...he should retire already...he is just a waste of state resources
Not a good instructor...his Film Music class is boring and mainly memoristic...he makes such an interesting topic as film music harder than it should be.
This guy sucks! Dont waste your time.
This guy is horrible. I think I am going to abandon music all together.
this teacher needs 2 get a life. i slept in all of his classes... biggest waste of time....he is one big tool.
he doesn't reply to emails at all, and is almost impossible to get ahold of. Also cannot figure out what my grade is as he has not updated grades or put them in since the beginning of semester. A lot of writing.
Don't recommend taking him (at least not for online). You were expected to read 4 chapters a week on top of doing Bb discussion and answering essay-like prompts. The prompts have articles attached to them for you to read that can be 20 pages per article. Sometimes it's 2 pages, sometimes it's 20. Every week, I summitted a 12-14 page paper. Not fun.
Love of God DO NOT TAKE HIM. In his class now for an accelerate Spring class. Way too much writing. The midterm wasn't too bad. It had MC and essays. BUT OMG. The FINAL is ALL essays and to do the essays you have to read articles that are - no lie - 20 pages long. Like I don't know how I am going to pass this class and I am a good student. RUN!!!!!
In this class, you will sit and listen to his life stories and then take 2 tests on LECTURE NOTES ONLY. Reading does nothing and there was no homework. I'm sure I could have done better but I would stay away from him.
I took this class over the summer for transfer credits, and it was my worst experience so far. I learned absolutely nothing. There are no video lectures, no powerpoints, no anything, just a syllabus that guides you with what chapters to read. Weekly 2-3 page writing assignments, 2 take home tests. didnt read textbook at all except for definitions.
He is disorganized in his approach to teaching and focuses heavy on racial aspects but not in an intellectual/safe way. He specifically talks about racism and white supremacy as it pertains to black people as a way to gain shock value but undermines the experiences/opinions of black students. If you're black don't take his course.
Very insensitive toward students that come to him for help. Does not answer emails and does not show you any of your grades until AFTER the class is over, however you have to physically ask him for a copy of your grades as he puts nothing into blackboard. Had notes on everything he said and still did not get the grade I was expecting.
Very disrespectful person makes fun of sensitive topics. I am someone who isn't sensitive to risky humor but he takes it way to far. Some of the things he said were extremely disterbing and literally threatening. I can't believe some of the things that came out of his mouth. I didn't even feel like I was in a sociology class.
to put it lightly, HE WAS THE WORST PROFESSOR IVE EVER HAD. he was extremely disrespectful, made fun of sensitive topics such as mental illness, and brought politics into everything. he spoke as if his opinions were facts. save your time and money, and DO NOT TAKE HIM
Honestly the worst professor I have ever had. He was rude, one of those people that thinks his psychotic comments are funny, and he had no faith in any of his students from my POV. He gave three assignments that were not tests, and each assignment was like writing 4 essays in one. I do not even feel like I learned any sociology.
To say that this professor lecture were difficult to understand (language barrier), he never followed his syllabus, rarely talked about what was going to be on the test, and lectures (at times) were offensive. I would NOT recommend this class. The class was draining and had little validity as to what was going to be tested. Go to another prof!
At first he is very likeable but he uses the policy "come to class and take notes on my lectures and you willl pass" but his tests are on the book. his lectures dont match up to what the book says so be careful to use both, it takes some interpretation.
Took online. people who have taken him in person find him fun/easy. Online, he is worthless. Absentee teacher, do not expect feedback of any kind during the year. If you like getting grades returned to you, do not take him. He is like Houdini, he disappeared and returned very little.
took online He was not available via email or just chose not to respond to emails. Class had to contact the Dean to get him back on track. He was absent from class 90% of the semester. The tests were impossible. He takes phrases out of the book that really mean nothing. I learned nothing where I would have liked to but he is NO help!
Took his class on line. His midterm and final were so hard! I spent 15 hours on both of them. He only gave us a day and a half for the final. Which sounds great, but, was NOT enough time. I spent so much time reading, and working on assingments for this class. I emailed him several times with questions, and got no response. I did not like him!!!!!!
Dont waste your time or money taking his class. His exams are retarded there is always stuff on them that we didnt cover at all. Stuff from a completley different chapter. Half of the class is wasted talking about "whats new guys" gosip and whatever else is in the media, and his list of people that are dumbass's. His course is a waste of time!
does not accurately follow sylabus, his unscrupulous behavior has left an indelible taste in my mouth reguarding Montgomery County Community college
I can not believe that he is still teaching. It is a gen ed course and its impossible. your better off taking another teacher or taking it online. He does not teach only BS all class then gives an impossible exam and expects you to know all. never mind the fact you have other classes. biggest waste of time and money EVER!!
Going to class was a waste of time. Every other thing that comes out of this man's mouth has to do with drugs, sex, or alcohol. We studied for the midterm only to find out it was take home. No real assignements, only take it for entertainment purposes.
If you are a conservative and want an A, just regurgatate the liberal horse crud he teaches as fact, I am an A student but got a C in this course.
He is a horrible teacher. I cannot believe that GVSU employs this man. He is morally corrupt and does not know how to teach. If you are scheduled for him GET OUT!!!!
What a jerk
If you know what's best for you, you'll steer clear of this guy.
After this class i wanted to transfer!! Sitting in the corner was more fun!!
Is not clear AT ALL.... lecture directly from readings.
Unclear, talks only about the television show Friends, tests are horribly difficult, rambles on about nothing in particular, tests you on things she doesn't teach, horrid horrid horrid teacher!
This is the only class I have taken with no lectures, videos, and no instruction. This class was 100% self guided and you are expected to rely solely on the textbook to understand the material. I spent majority of my time researching online tutorials for help completing assignments. Do yourself a favor and take this class different instructor.
Probably by far the worst professor ever. A computer grades my homework instead of my actual professor, pretty funny to think about it that way. The amount of times I know i have done things correctly and the computer says I got it wrong, she did not care and would not change it. Def avoid this class if you can
Talsma randomly rambles for long periods during class, has absurd rules about using the door (will not let you back in) or your phone (will deduct points), makes attendance mandatory, but doesn't teach much, and requires lots of work to be done outside of class, very little educational value and generally rude.
Where do I begin? "Talkative" Talsma (A self given nickname) is absolutely the worst instructor I have ever had.. She spends half of her time on unfunny jokes (offensive ones too) and the other half on personal stories with no relation to the class. She fills the gap by having a ridiculous amount of homework which she fails to grade on time.
Professor Bethann Talsma is by far the worst professor I have had at GRCC!!! DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS! she assigns wayy to much homework and does not give enough time for completion. She doesn't cover material for tests but rather makes you read the chapters because she doesn't know what she's doing herself. Very rude when I would ask valid questions!
Mrs. Talsma was a very hard grader. I found I was spending 8 hours a week on homework, and getting no points if there was a typo. She was going to ruin my GPA which is 3.7 guess I do not need her class THAT bad. I would call her a perfectionist. take her class and ruin your GPA (NO THANKS)
This teacher assigns way too much work. Lots of projects that take way too much time.
Talsma needs to wake up. All she does is talk about herself and her job during class like anyone cares. She assigns huge meticulous time consuming group projects and expects you to meet outside of class with at least 3 other people. I do not reccomend her at all and if you do see her. Run!
This class is so hard omg! Sign up if you like weekly project group work which consumes all your time and if you dont have a family, part time job, full time student. if u have nothing but time in your life sign up.
This class is so hard omg! Sign up if you like weekly project group work which consumes all your time and if you dont have a family, part time job, full time student. if u have nothing but time in your life sign up.
She has a major power and control issue. She calls her position at her workplace "executive assistant", she is a freakin' secretary for God's sake. She also has an unreasonable level of expectation for a freshman level computer applications clas
This lady is so confuse in life. She brings her problems to school and stress the students out with them. she is not a good instructor. she is discouraging and think she know everything. I hope she know there is always someone else who no more.
Enjoys giving student failing grades and think its a joke. It is not funny to us
A very discourageing instructor don't care if you pass or not.. Fake!
Rude, not helpful and condescending - not recommended - avoid!
Mrs. Talsma has a very bad attitude with students. Don't like to do her job.
Mrs.Talsma have a very bad attitude with students and she is rude and unkind.
Acts like she don't see you when you have your hand up for help. Just lazy!!!
Unfriendly, unclear and not helful.
Mrs. Talsma is very unkind and lazy. She doesn't like to help at all.
Worked my tail off. Not good with beginners. Rude, arrogant, mean.
Mean,Unfair, And doesnt care about anything but himself
Very Critical of everything , very unfriendly &unhelpful, expects perfection
Patrick is rude and unkind to students and not a good instructor. very mean
Mr. Johnson is very diffcult , rude and a unhappy man. He go to fast for anyone
ugh. not happy with this lady. she is such a stickler (even during a pandemic) and has no empathy for her students. be prepared to follow her rules precisely, or lose points. it doesn't really matter if you're good at writing or philosophy, she cares more about enforcing her meaningless rules without any leniency. avoid if possible (esp. online)
This woman is awful, i can handle tough teachers, but when you are disrespected,treated poorly told your thoughts do no matter; specifically when they are not in agreement with hers. She claimed my work was that of a high schooler, I transfred back to Univeristy of Colorado where I finished my academic career with high marks. avoid her if possible!
I'm not even done with the semester and I hate Lawless. Refuses to be "ethical" about the exam grading when answers are VERY specific and correct. 99/10 would not take again.
Do not take her!!! Makes it clear she only gives out a few A's. Extremely tough grader, has horrible hand writing, and is very rude. If you get on her good side she will grade you easier though. If you get stuck with her, go to her office hours and if you get a bad grade on an exam, go talk to her and she will let you redo it. Avoid her though!!
Terrible teacher. I have no idea how she has an overall 4.0 rating on here. She's extremely dull and uninteresting. Her class is lecture the whole time. Mandatory attendance. Has the hand writing of a 3 year old so its very difficult to take notes. Very unclear on exams. I legitimately fell asleep in her class which I have never done before.
TERRIBLE TEACHER!!!!!! do not take her! you can not read her hand writing or understand. She was gone for over half the semester and we couldnt miss one day! VERY hard grader!! DO NOT TAKE HER!!!!!!!!!!! unless you want to fail.
Horrible teacher. You won't be able to understand anything she writes on the bored. She does not understand the concept of a grading system. Was constantly changing requirements for test's. DO NOT TAKE HER!
This professor is not caring and retaliates against students if they complain.
This professor is psycho and retaliates against his students. You never know your grade until the last day of semester.
He has been the worse professor by far at CSUB. I would not recommend him to anyone. I please advise you stay far away from him as possible. He talks a lot about himself and does not care about students.
Took a business class for a general theme...Tarjan made it seem as if his class was the only one on campus. Unclear with directions for his assignments and makes class more difficult then it should be. I don't recommend this professor.
Print out power point notes & add additional notes during lecture. Try to view your notes a little a day. There were 2 exams & a Final. His exams are multiple choice & his Final is written. Just pay attention in class & participate if you can with the conversations. Make sure you do the writing assignments ahead of time & do the reading. Got a C!
Hardly ever lectured on anything pertaining to the tests. Somehow I did well on them. The constant 3rd person referrals amused me initially-until they didn't. I'm a straight A student. He gave me a C. I say "he gave" because I definitely did not earn that low of a grade. No clue what he bases grades on. My opinion is if he likes you, you get an A.
I do not recommend him. His lectures do not reflect the test questions, and he is not clear on assignments. He uses the iclicker technology so he can get input without having to hear his students speak. He's the kind of professor who knows he should care about students, but he doesn't. He should work in the private sector instead of teaching.
He's the worst teacher I have ever taken - unclear, full of himself, opinionated, and were subjective in grading. It's Tarjan's way or the highway. Do NOT under any circumstances take his class - you will regret it! For the midterm you will have to know 6 chapters by heart - statistics, case studies, everything... do not take him!
If ever there was an example of narcissism run rampant, Tarjan is the definition. His weakness lies in the fact that he's incredibly uninformative and, at a base level, antiquated and egotistical. Do not take this class if you want to learn anything pertinant to reality.
"Tarjan's Theories" are his favorite thing to talk about. He loves to talk about himself but he has no experience in Management. His grading is inconsistent. I do not recommend taking this professor.
I have no clue why my comments were deleted the last three times. Tarjan doesn't teach, he just sits and reads the questions students are required to submit at every class. Rambles on about Chile and his father-in-law every class. Tests are subjective.
In the words of Simon Cowell, "Absolutely dreadful." Don't take Tarjan. It will be the worst mistake of your life. Don't waste your money. He is very self-centered, and he does not care about anyone else but himself and his damn commitee.
Dreadful teacher. Don't take his class!
He thinks he is too good to teach or something. He is boring. His lectures will put you to sleep. He should be behind a desk...that's where he wants to be!
This guy is on a pedastool. He should teach arrogance 101. He is very unclear on assignments, his classes are very dry and students do not like to hear this guy
Andy was by far the worst teacher I have ever had at CSUB. Not only does he not care at all about the students, he makes it impossible to understand what is going on because he does not care to explain. How he is still employed as a professor makes no sense to me, must be his tenure protection. If you are debating taking his class, do NOT DO IT.
He replied quick to my emails. But he was sooooo rude and cold. I have never had a teacher like him before. Would definitely avoid at all costs taking him and would never take him myself again. I am a pretty good student. He has no etiquette and sadly his communication skills are dry and not what you would expect from a Dr. Or communication teacher
It would be very difficult to describe my awful experience with this professor in just a few words. His grading criteria is a mystery, so it is very hard to figure out what is required. The course is fairly easy, the reading material is interesting, so I cannot not recommend this course if it is needed to graduate.
Dr. Andy Alali is not a good professor. He says the test will be on the chapters of the text, then bases the poorly worded questions on his ppts, not the texts. He gives a syllabus which doesn't specify that if you are 10 mins late to an online exam it's an automatic fail. We had to be notified by students who have experienced this from friends.
Probably the worst professor I've ever had. I was a few minutes late to start my final exam and as a result I received an automatic F. He doesn't accept any late assignmentsno matter the circumstances. He most definitely does not care about his students. Don't take my word for it, just look at the other reviews.
Tough grader and rarely gives any feedback. He does not communicate well or respond to emails quickly. It is very hard to understand what it is that he is talking about in lectures, so read over the book. Exams either had less questions with long open-responses required or multiple choice with more questions.
One of the worst teachers at this school. Does not help at all and has no empathy. Doesn't really teach the class either. He is very rude on email. You ask for help and he doesn't know how to. Waste of time and money
The test was given online, but rather than opening it up for whenever you had to be online at the specific hour. I have never had that happen for an online course. Super rude when I emailed him.
He is one of the worst professors at CSUB. He has no pity for anyone & he is not helpful at all. He does not respond to e-mails, only if he wants to and when he wants to. Do not take classes with this man.
Hope you like waiting hours on end for a reply back via email or message. Also, this is the only online instructor who I have taken that has exams open at a certain time and terminate 10 min after. Missed the 10 min window? Too bad, no make-ups!
WORST ONLINE PROFESSOR EVER. Maybe he's better in person, but online, he will respond in a week or not at all. Half the time there are no due dates, you have to just hope you catch the discussion question in time. Material was USELESS. Tests are on Saturdays at during an awkward time frame.
Awful!!!!! Online is worse and he is so picky UGH
Absolutely useless. Took weeks to get a response for E-mails by that time the grade was given and the question was irrelevant. There not many things more frustrating then not being able to get answers from a teacher in an online class. Why are you a communications teacher if you have no Communications?
Worst teacher I have ever had!!
Horrible teacher. Even though the class is online, which means that us students do not have time to physically go to school, he makes you log on and take tests at inconvient work hours, which ultimately brings down the test grade if you even can take it at all. Not much of a help, didnt respond to emails quickly. Never again!
DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER! LISTEN TO EVERYONE PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This was the worst class I have ever taken. I have taken previous online classes in the past and they were cake, but this class was horrid! He was no help and by the comments on the discussion board, I'm not the only one who felt this way. Me and my fellow classmates feel as though we were not properly guided.
I agree with eeryone else, DO NOT take his online class! He is not good about answering questions, at all!! He tells you to give your honest opinion, but then I feel like he marks you down if your opinion is not the right one. The material is pretty interesting, it's too bad the teacher has to ruin it! :(
This teacher is not good for online courses. You're lucky if he responds to your questions and IF he does he's usually rude implying that you are an inconvience to him. HELLO he wouldn't even have a job if it weren't for us students. His heart is just not in it. Don't take him.
Listen to the other ratings! This teacher is not helpful in his online class whatsoever! I, as well as other students, have sent him multiple e-mails regarding class questions to which he does not reply! The topic is interesting in itself, but we as students are teaching ourselves. Maybe he'll see the comments and change.
with his on-line class he is not very helpfull and doesn't like communicating with the students.Textbook and assignments are interesting.
Don't take him online. NOT helpful, and is rude and condescending when answering questions. I'm generally an A student, so its not sour grapes. I dropped the class when I saw which way the wind was blowing.
He is great professor and I learned a lot from him; so did my fellow students. A value for your money.
Had him for online classes only. Not helpful at all. Doesn't run the Comm depart. very well. Miscommunication to students especially related to the Honors Society. He treats the students at AV campus as read-headed stepchildren. No one in AV likes him and only take him because they have no choice.
Women beware. History of complaints.
Very hard to get a hold of, even harder to get him to care.
Aced his class. But if I had the choice to take it again, I would not take it with him. I learned a lot about the course material but none of it was from him. He takes 10 weeks to discuss Relational Calculus/Algebra and intro to SQL, and gives the last 5 weeks to work on a project (which has to be industry professional or he fails you). Hard pass
Lectures are useless, he knows his stuff(maybe) but does not know how to teach properly. He requires attendance so you sit there fer 1-3hours trying to do the assignments by yourself. I want to be generous as hes genuinely a nice dude but I do not recommend this class but hes the only one qualified to teach some classes at CSUB. Hard curve.
Pros:Willing to help, not a bad grader. Cons:Inaudible, overly specific, focuses on details rather than concepts, unorganized. He doesn't explain what you are doing well, he jumps straight into what's going on "under the hood", and jumps around subjects, never finishes explaining one thing. Extremely confusing class. Very difficult to understand.
terrible teacher. very rude and likes to belittle people to make himself feel taller. did not ever want to go to class and did not understand a lot because he was short and did not answer much questions and when did made you feel like an idiot for asking. TERRIBLE TEACHER.worst teacher ive ever had.
TERRIBLE!! Never take him! Although he is nice that's the only good thing going for him. He acts like we are all stupid and should have learned all this already. Not clear on what he teaches us and if you ask a question he won't answer it and expects you to figure it out on your own. I know this is a hard class but he doesn't help at all!!!
i had him for lab, this man is a terrible teacher. absolutely terrible. he's a nice man, but shows no interest in whether the students learn the material or not. as if anatomy isn't hard enough! i now have to take the class over again, but it will not be at icc! stay away if at all possible!
Terrible prof. he made us feel like idiots for asking questions because we should of "read the book, its in the book" he always said. DO NOT TAKE!
Horrible teacher!
worst teacher I have ever had. if you want to pass, you need to literally read the book front to back and take amazing notes on everything he says.
Didnt stay in the class while we did the lab. he left everday and was not there to ask questions part of the time i would never recomend him
OMG!!!! What a joke. He lectures so fast that all you can do is write and understand later. Doesnt answer any of your questions. I will never ever take him again. I had to drop his class because he was not helping me understand the material at all. He talks down to you once you ask a question as if you should already know the answer.
Mr. Malcolm is BAD. He is a drama queen who slams his students. I wouldn't take him because his tests are not based on the book or the lectures, and the tests are twice as hard as any other biology teacher at ICC. Take this class if you want to work really really hard to get a bad grade. Take Dr. Haner, he is much better. I am an A student.
Watch for grading errors. I went to see what I had missed on one exam and found that he had left 10 points off my score. This also happened to at least one other person in the class. You also may want to invest in the book that corresponds with his lectures (by Martini). Most of the diagrams are from this book, not the required text.
The worst teacher by far I have ever had...I already have my Bachelors and am coming back to school. I have never in my life worked so hard in a class and done so poorly because of a teacher.
He thinks that since he has taught for so long he can do what he wants. He also does not care about his students or their grades.
RUN! I started with Haner who is OUTSTANDING but left mid-semester for paternity leave. The college then stuck us with Malcolm. My exam scores with Haner were 101 and 98. After Malcom took over I struggled to get C's. He is rude and acts like teaching is beneath him & a waste of his time. I honestly don't know how he has any pos. ratings on here!
He is the worst teacher I have ever had. His tests were ridicilously hard. He would often keep lecturing, even after the bell rang. Once again, like others mentioned, he does not come down to a "student level". He does not simplify topics to make us understand it, instead he makes it more frustrating by using large words.
Very hard teacher. Does not teach from the book. Thinks everyone is as smart as him
This professor is arrogant and teaching material that is no longer in the book. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS!
I had Malcom for 145 over the summer 2008 semester & then tried to take him again for 146 in the fall, but dropped. Like many others said he's VERY unapproachable & when you ask him a question it seems he tries to show how smart he is by using huge words instead of clarifying it. Personally i thought he was HORRIBLE & extremely hard.Not reccomended
HORRIBLE I only had Malcolm for lab and that was enough to rate him as useless. He thinks he is superior to everyone. He counts you off on tests for being too specific, so you better give him the exact answer he wants. He doesn't help at all and makes things more confusing than they should be. I understand life isn't easy, but Malcolm is absurd
He is horrible...RUN!!!!!!
Mr. Malcolm was a very hard instructor. At first I figured I would give him the benefit of the doubt. Especially after reading about him on here. I went through about 8 weeks or so but unfortunately the ratings were correct. I felt he thrived on failure and I wasn't going to lose my GPA he is suppose to help us not scare the heck out of us.
This class was terrible!!! He taught it like it was a 300 level class and we should all have already known everything. Read straight off of his notes for teaching. His tests were too long to even finish. I started off with an A on the first test and thought I would be ok. It all went down hill from there. He does not care about his students at all!
Mr. Malcom sucks! He doens't clarify if you have a question. He expects you to already know the material. In lab he explains what to do and than disappears. Leaving those with questions just sitting there and having to stay late. I dropped this class because I was doing poorly. Started with 35 students, and left with about 15
not good!!!!! he acted like we were supposed to already know wat was going on! he got mad at my class for not answering questions when we didnt even know wat was going on. i ended up dropping him by time i had dropped half the class had dropped if that says anything!
I decided to wait til I took 146martin to comment on malcolm. Yes hes a horrible teacher. The subject is hard no matter who you have but there is no excuse for his behavior. If a student needs help, it's HIS JOB to help them. he's too lazy. One time he told me that he just "didnt know" when I asked 4 help in lab. That's intelligent. He gets an F-
Malcolm sucks, do not take his class.
He sucked the big one. He should no longer be teaching at this institution.
Horrible teacher dont take his calss.
Malcom was very unhelpful when I asked him questions. He talked down to me and most everyone who askd questions. In lab he was even more unhelpful by telling us everything in the begining of class and then taking off while we did our actual lab. Most people took off when he left. When midterm grades were passed out and people started leaving.
Horrible, horrible, horrible! You do not have any time for any other classes when taking Bio 145 with Malcolm. Getting a C is like getting an A. Half of the students have already dropped. He is known for being a horrible teacher that doesn't care for his students! Do whatever you can to not take 145 with Malcolm!!!!!
yuck
He is a good lecturer. However his tests are twice as hard as the other teachers which is unfair. He has short answer and essay as opposed to the normal multiple choice. Half my class has dropped. He also doesn't emphasize what is important to know for tests. He is somewhat entertaining however.
none
DO NOT TAKE HIM! HE IS THE WORSE TEACHER EVER!
Doesn't follow class outline handed out before lecture...makes it hard. Jumps around a lot so TAKE T-notes!!! They are easier to jump around on. GOOD LUCK!
Very Hard! And he's hard to understand-tests are very hard too. He goes way too fast with lecture material; I recommend another teacher...definitly!
He does not teach with helping you to understand. HE does not explain with any clarity.
This teacher did not teach. I am a successful ER nurse no thanks to him. I got an A out of the class, not by brown-nosing like other students. I just realize when you have a teacher who teaches about nothing, teach yourself and be successful. I did it.
Very difficult, sarcastic, and conceited teacher. When it comes to lab and office hours, he is not as available as he claims to be. Not a helpful teacher at all.
Very hard to understand, even if you study hard you probably won't get a good grade because his hard tests make it nearly impossible. Doesn't show up for his posted office hours, or stay in his lab while he's supposed to. Very unhelpful.
he is the worst Science teacher. He does not understand that we "students" are not Science graduates. He does not explain things in terms you can understand, and he us not patient. He is very rude.
One word, a "Nightmare"
Mrs. Dua is awful for college professor. She should be a high school teacher. She makes students stay after class and will take a book away from you if it doesnt pertain to her class. She will stop class and look at you(multiple times) if it looks like you arent paying attention. I recommend trying to find someone more realistic.
HORRIBLE. enough said.
SHE WAS UNREALISTIC WITH HER INTERNET CLASS SHE FOCUSES ON FOREIGN THINGS AND WANTS YOU TO INTERVIES A FOREIGN PERSON. I GUESS BECAUSE SHE IS VERY FOREIGN. AND I HAVE BEEN TOLD HER ACCENT IS HARD TO UNDERSTAND WHILE SHE TEACHES IN CLASS. I DROPPED HER AND TOOK COREY SMITH IN A MIINMESTER- SUPPER GREAT TEACHER
Do not take her class if you don't have to. She is very unclear and has absolutely no sense of humor. Do not speak unless spoken to.
hated her she yelled at me for someone talking to me. really i never said a word. not sure where the tests quesions came from?? i read the book and the notes got a D... not my pick for teacher of the year.
DO NOT TAKE HER IF YOU DONT HAVE TO. SHE IS VERY HARD TO UNDERSTAND AND DOESNT MAKE SENSE OF WHAT SHE TEACHES. SHE DOESNT GO BY THE BOOK AT ALL.
very difficult to understand,no sense of humor,too many politically correct terms
She is not clear about what is on tests. There is no homework so preperation for tests is poor also. Do not try to tell her you don't understand, she will make you feel stupid. I feel sorry for you if you have to take her.
The class does not interact due to her attitude toward students.
Didn't like her not interesting. Class is boring and if you miss a day that a test is on for an emergency she will be rude to you for the rest of the semester!!!
he is very strange looking I use to get sick to my stomach on the day of his class. i hated it just that much. its just him doing the dry lecture and he makes almost impossible to pass his class with coming to each on of his dumb classes
he does NOT understand students. Intends to open minds, instead closes them.
Very frustrating teacher. you seriously have to go to class and do all these pointless assignments just to get a passing grade.
Hate him!!! Don't listen to his lectures, just read the book and study the vocabulary. He is a totally jerk. I used to like sociology, but I couldn't wait for that class to end.
He SUCKS!!!! Nothing else to say. Don't take him!!There are better teachers at State but the Sociology department is lacking in hiring good teachers!! Chicano studies dept. has way better teachers!!!
Sounds like a fun class but this professor makes it rediculous!! don't take this class unless your ready to work hard for your grade! thinks he is the smartest person ever, and pushes his political views at student pretty hard also never lets anyone answer back. If you do speak up he finds a way to make you feel stupid... do not recommend this cl
NO ONE TAKE HIS CLASS... YEA. THERE ISNT WORK. BUT HIS QUIZ are TRICK QUESTIONS AND DONT MAKE SENSE. HE IS ****IN` LAME. HE IS SOO MONO TONE.
Biased, old fashioned, closed minded, contradictory. shouldnt be teaching a course with such OUTDATED material on matter such as homosexuality, race, religion, social status, etc. i was quite offended by numerous of the outdated "facts" in his textbook written by himself.
Clanton is a horrible, bias, arrogrant, hipocrite. He purposely has tricky quizzes. He is really anal about attendence. He talks to you like an elementary student.
an unfair man ! he doesnt deserve to be teaching a course that he himself hadnt taught in a decade ! very unhelpful and i will not choose him for his other sociology classes.
This class sucks I went to visit him yesterday and he yelled at me for not knowing it. He speaks to you like you were in high school and then makes fun of his freshmen class because they are a bunch of idiots. Worst teacher in my life he is no help and makes you feel so small. I will never take him again..........NEVER!
Awful teacher. He is very opinionated and his entire book is about what he thinks. He's grading system makes it difficult for students to get good grades. He is discouraging and degrading. He is the one teacher that made me feel like I was still in high school because of the way that he talked down to his class. Possible to survice, but it is hard.
he is ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS. if you can even understand his stupid quiz r questions, then you have to deal with his ramblings for the next hour. wear sweats so at least you're comfortable while you sleep through the entire 50 minutes. oh, and forget about passing the quizzes!
Horrible teacher..very detailed oriented. ineffective quizzes... pointless use of TA's..HE SUCKS
Weird guy. He speaks to you like you are in kindergarden! Talks very slow. Gave me the creeps.
egotistical condescending degrading horrible professor who gets sidetracked easily talking about his personal accomplishments. makes you buy his books for the class funding his wallet and ego . i have a good grade in the class (B) but would rather be in any other class getting a failing grade than be subjected to one more class session with him.
I'm a senior/older student. I've attended 4 diff.schools & this guy is the WORST! Treats you like a CHILD,disrespectful. HARD!Quizes every class, with 250 word RESTRICTIVE paper. HIS grading system, HIS book, HIS films. etc. Control Freak! If you want a LOT of stress...take this guy!
ABSOLUTE WORST TEACHER EVER! I regret ever taking him. Those who say he is an okay teacher are crazy. Test & grading are set up for you to FAIL! There is no way that anyone can pass this class with flying colors. Papers have a limit of 250wrds and you must cover a whole chptr. -6pts for wrong answers and -4 for no answer at all!
WORST teacher ever. worst material, slowest talker EVER, boring boring BORING. NOT helpful, treats you like a 5 yr old, tests are ridiculously hard, worst class at sdsu and i am a senior. AVOID at ALL costs. not easy at ALL. quizzes EACH class on random nonsense
The only class I have ever had to drop. He likes to belittle his students. I highly doubt he enjoys his job other than listening to himself talk.
Complete egomaniac. Avoid this guy, he'll make you and the whole class feel like complete morons. Absolute pompous jerk.
THIS CLASS SUCKED> i got an F and i worked my a** off. taking it again this spring with sclereth (much better professor) I highly recommend not taking this course with clanton.BEWARE!
Don't do it! Horrible T/F testing policy with deductions for wrong answers. Not helpful or understanding in any way. A lot of reading and keeps you in class the ENTIRE time, and talks about nothing for the first hour.
This teacher is horrible!! I would never take him again. He says he is available for help but never returns e-mails. Tests are true/false and you -6 for wrong answers!!
evil evil man
assigns readings that have nothing to do with anything...hard & boring
he is condensending and brings his own political and religious ideas into the cl
Very strict teacher.He will help you write good papers, but your ego will suffer
he blabbers about broad range subjects in class,his test are 100 question from a test generator on the most detailed stuff you could possibly find out of the book,the first test in our 140 person class had 0-As and only 3-Bs, thats just ridiculous,i have a 4.0 at SAM, dont take this jokester
Professor is incredibly disorganized. Although he cares greatly about finance, his lectures are always on tangents. There are also many inconsistencies in regards to what he says in class. He is difficult to follow since he does not necessarily have a good set of lecture slides and rather follows a sporadic sense of teaching.
The hardest teacher ever. I never had this kind careless instructor ever. The class is already hard, however, he makes it even harder. You can do HW, go to lectures, take quizzes, still exams will harshly surprise you. Do not expect anything done in class to be on exams. For this guy exams meant to be failed. Avoid him, if you can
Needham focused on the most unimportant parts of the book, like financial statements and ratio's that were more oriented toward accounting. HE COMPLETELY OMMITTED THE MOST IMPORTANT CHAPTER, "risk and rates of return". His explainations are often scattered and never concise. He is more like an **** than a brilliant professor.
horrible knowledge giver...if you can even call him that.
If you smoke foriegn cigarettes, and hang with him in his office you will likely get a good grade despite doing****e for photo work. Forget about learning anything that will apply to a career in photography. The fine art and philosophy are good; but with no practical knowledge, you will be ill-prepared to be a photographer for a living. Hasbeen!
there is nothing sadder than watching an old man trying too hard to hang onto youth, excpet maybe watching your hero fall.
This guy.... I culd write a novel on the atrocities I witness within the confines of hs class room. He consantly touches all the ladies in the class in a border line sexual way and then treats the guys like theyre not there. I advise anyone and everyone to steer clear of David Rathbun. He sucks alot
I miss when teachers used to teach. I miss when they used to be honest. I miss when they're job was to guide and lead. I miss all of that, cause I recived none of it from David. What I got instead left me bitter and jaded.
i know its lame, but all i can say is...be afraid, very afraid.
holds grades until semester is over, so you never know how you're doing. what makes it more difficult, is that he never tells you what you're doing right or wrong. he just talks about nothing, and forgets to teach.
There isn't anything to say really, except take class with the other profs before even considering taking any class with this prof.
The more you kiss up, the better your grade is...Which is fine for some people, but I wanted to learn, sadly he didn't have anything to teach that already hadn't been covered by one of the other profs, only they all teach it better.
sadly, this man used to be my hero. but recently, i have witnessed the fall of that great mentor. no longer teaching without prejudice, he has lost all my respect. i want my tuition back.
Fox is not the professor you want to take. You can see that through multiple semesters worth of evaluations, she is consistently unclear with grading criteria. I had emailed her multiple times out of class for help with a paper--never emailed me back. I went to office hours for help--she showed up 30 minutes later. I did my best, she didn't care.
Avoid Ellen at all costs. If you want to do what is best for you or your 110 grade... do not take her.
She can't stay on topic, does not tell you what is due. Basically be prepared to teach yourself English110
literally ive never had a professor talk as much as she does about the most pointless stuff in the world. every single class period she just rambles about the same thing until class is over. shes super sweet and stuff but she doesnt even follow her own attendance policy described in the syllabus, her reasoning being to weed out kids. drop her.
Professor Fox is a sweet lady but clearly does not know how to teach/captivate an audience. She's very soft spoken and unclear with her directions/assignments. I literally didn't understand anything she wanted me to do! Her thoughts are so unorganized and hard to follow. She doesn't use any online school websites like Sakai or Canvas.
Easy class to get an A in, however, she is extremely unclear in every single assignment she gives. Only have to write two papers the entire semester, but one of them is a group research paper which sucked. She is very wishy washy, and boring, try and get a different professor.
Requires a "textbook" and we use it once. Never responds to emails, you'd better hope you can figure your problem out. Assigns one long group & one long personal paper, that's all you work on all year. You need past turned in papers for future assignments but she doesn't hand them back or tell you your grade. Easy grader though.
Boring class. She is not clear with assignments. When she emails you about the assignment its too late to change anything. Overall not hard but annoying class.
Cancels class a lot. Is very unclear with expectations. very laid back. Hardly any work, but when work is assigned its "busy work" = meaningless assignments for our papers. 2 research papers and 2 presentations, which one of each is a group project. Hard to communicate with; does not answer emails.
Terrible at communicating with students through e-mail so don't even bother e-mailing her if you're looking for a response. She changes her mind on assignments all the time and is hard to follow. Nice lady, but terrible at 8 in the morning.
shes a nice lady and the class is insanely easy but she lives in her own little world and doesnt really understand how to communicate with students and its boring so bring your laptop!
attendance matters in his class. if you do not show up, you don't get any points
If you’re not a geography major, don't even bother with any of his classes. He doesn't explain anything well enough that it makes sense. He paces more than a caged lion, which is extremely distracting, and hands out tests that, I swear, only a weather scholar could make sense out of.
He really did not like our little group last semester. He went out of his way to pile on the homework and working on terms/definitions
I dreaded coming to class, she's not helpful, she makes you feel dumb for asking questions. No extra credit offered, two tests equal 50% of your grade and the final is 30%, DO NOT TAKE HER
She is by far the worst teacher i have ever had. You are basically the one teaching her what to do.
DO NOT TAKE HER. She does not teach anything in class, yet it is mandatory. She makes you feel stupid when you ask for questions. Has horrible office hours and does not meet with you by appointment. Her tests are impossible and even when everyone fails she does not curve and blames in on the class itself not herself.
DO NOT TAKE HER! She moves extremely quickly in class. When you ask her questions in class or during her office hours she makes you feel stupid for not knowing the answer and is not helpful at all. Tests are impossible as well. If you do take her definitely use the student assistants!
BEWARE: WORST TEACHER I EVER HAD!!! This woman has no businesses trying to tell students in the education department how to teach math to children. I never felt comfortable asking her questions in class because she always shot students down when the answer wasn't what she wanted. Insane amount of homework and incredibly hard tests. DON'T DO IT!
worst prof. I have ever had in my life. Does not help you at all! She gets frustrated when you ask her questions and treats you like you are stupid for even having a question to begin with. I cant believe the university lets this woman teach mathematics. Absolute worst teacher I have ever seen . Save your GPA get out now while you can.
She is TERRIBLE. Take my advice, read the material before hand and ZONE OUT during class. If you already understand the material don't listen to a word she says, she is the most confusing teacher EVER. She is extremely picky about how she grades and makes you feel stupid when you ask questions. Do NOT take her if you have a hard time with this math
by far THE WORST teacher I have ever had at JMU. DO NOT TAKE HER FOR 107. She is very hard, picky and she loves to make you feel really stupid. I dropped her class and THANK GOD..shes a real B****.
She is the most picky, worst teacher you will ever have. If there are ANY other options for 107 and 108, TAKE THEM. She is HORRIBLE
She cannot teach, and she is mean, and rude to her students. You can study all night for her test, and not pass the next day because she puts random stuff on it. I wouldn't recommend her at all.
worst teacher of my life period. do not take her she makes fun of students, is unhelpful, and grades hard. Makes the subject so much harder than it should be. Save your gpa. get out now!
She is the worst teacher I have ever had. I have always beeen good at math, and my previous knowledge is the only thing that saved me. She doesn't explain anything, and is extremely rude when you ask questions. DO NOT take her!
I HATE THIS TEACHER AND HER CLASS!!! do not take her...she is scatter brained and you basically have to teach yourself. she will not explain anything to you so you either have to teach yourself or go to her office hours. i would NEVER EVER recommend her!
Goes very fast, makes the subject matter way harder than it should be. Occasionally makes you do problems in front of the class, and i truly believe she enjoys humiliating you.Not good at explaining things even if you go to her office. Final is cumulative and is an extremely hard grader.get out now
Horrible teacher. Allows no make up work and is very short with the students. She goes extremely fast over the material and her accent on certain words (multiplication and fifth for example) is almost unbearable. Avoid.
im really upset peole are saying they love her when most of you guys are in 107, for 205 she was hard as crap and all she ever cared about was going over material at the racing speed of light. go to her office hours, she seems to be more jolly there
She's a nice woman but she rushes through material way too fast. It seems like she just wants to get everything done regardless of your understanding. People would look around in dismay because she didnt explain everything. AVIOD AT ALL COSTS
Hardest teacher ever. She is riciculously unfair as well. Hard hard tests and moves way to fast in class. I dropped and would not suggest her to my worst enemy.
Did well in high school calculus but really struggled with this teacher. She expects you to remember everything you ever learned about math in order to get through her class. She acts like all college students are just slackers. Dropped the course.
this class+Phillippi=THE DEVIL! She teaches really quickly, is pretty unclear, and makes even what used to be simple difficult. STAY AWAY!
worst class ever. she is EVIL
even if i had gotten a 100 on the final i wouldnt have passed. shes way too hard, and moves way to fast if youve never had calc and arent a good math person. AVOID! ITS AWFUL!
She sucks, too fast, boring, AVOID
Couldn't care less about anyone or anything, does give some extra credit
Hard, not easy to understand
SOOO hard to understand! Very unclear; teaches material too fast; avoid!!
ininterested in students or material, unhelpful, rude
worst math class i have yet to take, she wan't helpful
Avoid at all costs. The most disrespectful, mean person I have met. Has no grading criteria at all, and your grade is pretty much solely based on the exams. Half the class has dropped because his exams are impossible, never enough time and blank sheets of paper where you have to write financial statements. Get ready to teach yourself, he won't.
By far the worst professor I had at JMU. No schedule, notes, and difficult to get in touch with for office hours. He goes over one practice problem in class per chapter, and thats it. He's tries to teach life lessons, when we just want to be taught material. Yells at students in class and during exams, should've retired or been fired along time ago
Awful. Gabbin should've retired from teaching 15 years ago.
Just a horrible Professor. Doesnt teach the material, his lectures are him doing a practice problem or two then leaving yourself to self teach. Assigns homework on connect which ends up not getting tested. Its a scam paying to take this class with him, sure hes a good guy but hes the worst lecturer in the department by far.
Intermediate is tough, and Gabbin does not help make it any easier. Moving online was the worst thing that could have happened for this class. He barely taught any material and basically left students stranded for the remainder of the semester. Hard to believe he cares about his students.
No, just don't. If you have a choice, which you likely don't, don't take a class with him. If you don't have a choice I would even suggest pushing this class to another semester so it's not with him. If you must take this class with him, read ENTIRE chapter before class discussion. He doesn't teach, he preaches. Group study, and learn on your own.
he doesnt respect his student's effort at all, and students are struggling. He loves see his class average is around D. Honestly, he had a hard time to become who he is today, so he would make everyone's life hard. He is the ONLY one professor I didn't respect at all in my school.
The worst professor ever!!!!!!!!!! DON'T TAKE ANY OF HIS CLASS!!!!! IT'S NOT FAIR AT ALL AND HE'S A SYCHO!!!!
Worst professor i've ever had, he moved too quickly and I was completely lost 90% of the time. When I went to office hours for help, he wouldn't even help he would just continue to tell me to answer questions that I had no clue what the answer was. DO NOT TAKE HIM
The HARDEST Professor I have ever taken at JMU. Unless you want to self teach yourself everything, and have to memorize the textbook SWITCH out immediately! If you ask a question he will laugh at you at tell you it was in the textbook. He is a nice, and respected person, but way too hard of a grader and professor. GET OUT
AVOID. Accounting is extremely hard no matter what. Its a completely different way of thinking. Its knowing where to put things in the accounting equation and being in balance. He oesn't care about you especially if you ask him for help he says "Its in the book" or "Ask your neighbor." 50% dropped after exam 2. Idk how JMU allows him to stay.
By far the worst professor I ever had at jmu. He is not helpful in office hours. He will tell you it's in the book, use your judgment or get a tutor.
WORST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD. A third of my class dropped out at the drop deadline, pop quizzes, and impossible tests give him the worst teacher I've ever had award. I have to retake this class along with many others. DO NOT take him if you value staying on track. He answers almost all questions with "it's in the book".
DO NOT TAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! seriously though, this class is hard as it is and gabbin makes it so much harder. do not take. avoid at all costs.
Gabbin's class was a serious pain. He wasted a lot of time during class boasting about how amazing JMU's accounting program was. I felt belittled by him very often, especially at office hours. It was very irritating and not many students had the slightest clue what to expect on the tests. Just not a very good professor
AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Gabbin is absolutely horrible, class average for last test was a 58 and he thinks that's okay. He doesn't answer questions and spends more time lecturing you about your future career/studying than ACTUALLY TEACHING. whatever you do DO NOT TAKE HIM.
AWFUL! Does not teach anything. Just study the book and hope he puts what you study. Could not score above a 75 on his tests but got a 94 on the departmental final. If you want a good grade avoid at all costs.
Just plain awful.
I dropped his class and I have to take him again next semester...Can't avoid him. I don't understand why JMU ACTG DEPT made him the only teacher for 343.The worst Prof I have ever had at JMU.
I studied like crazy before his exams but I can never did well--he timed the exams and never gave you enough time to do it.He Never teach you how to do a problem and his exams are hard.Well, that's his logic and how he made half of the class failed. He NEVER teach, even you can teach yourself, you will hardly be able to pass the exams.
Dr. Gabbin is the worst teacher I have ever had. His tests are very hard and you can read the chapters over and over again and it won't help you that much on the test because he does not teach. He will not help you in his office hours and will, most likely, talk down to you. He is intimidating and does not care about your success in the course.
Horrible Teacher. Gabbin does not care about his students and often picks on them in class. He randomly calls people to the board, even when he knows you have no idea. Tests are impossible. Assigns a project which is a waste of time. Has no compassion at all for students and does not care if you pass or fail. DO NOT TAKE GABBIN!!
Horrible Teacher! He gets pleasure by embarrassing you in front of the entire class. He makes you do this big portfolio project, AND your not allowed to ask questions about it. Gabbin is the biggest disgrace to the university and such a waste of taxpayer dollars!
Gabbin doesn't care. If youask a question he'll laugh and say you should know it already. He randomly assigns you points and then changes grades after the drop periods ends. It doesn't matter that you're not allowed to do that, he has tenure. Don't get me wrong. You will learn. But your grade won't reflect it at all. I'm Deans list and I failed.
the person who just said gabbin was a great professor must have to much time on their hands, are you kidding me gabbin is an awful professor, good people.
this guy is terrible, would rather kill myself than take him
STAY AWAY FROM THIS CLASS - YOU'LL NEVER PASS IT. HORRIBLE PROFESSOR.
He honestly isn't worth the time I've spent writing this rating. The man is just as mean and hard as they say he is. Don't even bother.
Dont take Gabbin. He uses a different, much more difficult book than the other accounting classes. He requires you to do a project that you are NOT ALLOWED to ask questions on! He makes you go to presentations that never happen and still wont give you credit for them. He is unreasonable and unapproachable. He has little respect for students.
I am an "A" student and have made A's in all my classes except Gabbin's. Every bad thing anyone has said in these ratings is 100% true. This man has some serious issues with teaching. It is true that he makes fun of people in class and belittles students almost everyday. Apparently he has tenure, so he has a license to act like a jerk. SOS, JMU
Horrible Teacher! If possible, do not take a class with this man. You will fail!
This teacher is terrible half the class dropped it literally by the time the secound test was done with. He acts like hes a big shot but cant even retain students.
HORRIBLE PROFESSOR! He makes you feel so stupid and not want to participate, much less come to class. His tests are impossible and the final is ridiculous. The final is not even based off of the book he uses. Do not take him if you can help it. If you take him, you will more than likely fail!
classes aren't that bad,he keeps your attention cause he yells, giggles to himself, and gets way to too excited. hw must be done for every class, not cause he checks but b/c he'll call on u and make u feel soo stupid if u didnt do it. huge portfolio project was ridiculously impossible,and for the tests-IMPOSSIBLE
Horrible Prof! He makes you feel stupid. He does not care about the students. He is mean and yells and embarasses students. His tests are impossible. He makes you take them all twice in one night. Big project that is impossible, grades really really hard.
Horrible Teacher. He makes you feel stupid in front of the class when you put a problem on the board incorrectly. Stay away if at all possible. I do not know what the College Of Business is thinking with this professor. He really needs to re-think his whole teaching technique. It's obviously not working.
To ensure the integrity of James Madison University's academic reputation, this man must be terminated ASAP.
You've already failed.
If Gabbin has anything but the worst rating on this website, the site is a fraud. Gabbin is the most unhelpful, worst teacher EVER. I took his class, worked hard and failed. Then I took the exact same class with someone else and made an A. He is an embarassment to the academic community.
HORRIBLE TEACHER -CANT BELIEVE HE ACTUALLY TEACHES AT JMU! HE GIVES YOU A BIG PROJECT THAT YOUR NOT ALLOWED TO ASK QUESTIONS ON. MAKES YOU GO TO PRESENTATIONS THAT NEVER HAPPEN. HE DOES NOT CARE TO GET TO KNOW THE STUDENT -REFERS TO EVERYONE BY LAST NAME. HE IS ALWAYS LATE FOR CLASS. NEVER DOES ANY ACTUALLY 'TEACHING'. WARNING:DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN!
Worst professor ever. His tests are impossible. He actually made fun of my classmates IN CLASS in front of everyone when they answered a question incorrectly. The man takes pride in failing as many people as possible. His answer to every question you ask him in office hours is "use your judgement". I did ok in his class, but heed this warning.
i regret taking him!!! he doesn't answer questions....doesn't teach well....and gives the HARDEST exams ever...
Worthless.
Worst Teacher EVER!
Arrogant! I would never take this professor again. Not sure why he is a teacher, he couldn't teach a bird to fly!
Everybody seemed to love him, and his lectures were very engaging. But the TESTS WERE HARD AS CRAP. TOO MUCH READING!!
very good
I took Modern Fiction with him and it was quite possibly the worst English class I've ever taken at SJU. All he does is lecture. People fell asleep in my class more than once. Not to mention his grading is terrible. He would write 'good idea' comments on one person's paper and bad on another even though the ideas were the same. Avoid!
He really needs to retire,all he ever does is just lecture. He has no interest to better someone as a writer because if you're not a person who has a prowess for writing then of course you're not going to get that A led alone a B for the very least. Not only you won't be learning but he assumes everyone is a scholarly writer AVOID. Attendance? LOL
ZZZZZZZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZzZz... OH SH*T I THOUGHT I WAS IN HIS HORRIBLE CLASS 4 A SECOND...DONT TAKE HIM..UNLESS U NEED 2 CATCH UP ON UR SLEEP
hate him...tough grader. Not compassionate or reasonable
Typical left-wing reject from the 60s who forgot that being a Hippie isn't cool anymore, friend. Immature, rants, raves; if you like having an intelligent opinion, do NOT take. He's also a deconstructionist: so words means whatever he says-you want this&
I did not like this teacher, I tried on numerous accounts to meet with her and discuss options but she had no time for me. I didn't like how she graded down opinions and how she overall didn't seem to care about a lot of things. Very hard to follow, and very 'out there'...
I wanted to die in her class. DO NOT DO NOT take this class ever! you will regret it
She is the worst teacher ever! She does not listen to anything you have to say and she marks you wrong for your opinion. If you don't kiss her ass in class she will fail you
This class is for English Majors. If you are not an English major, DON'T TAKE DR. APTER'S CLASS!! Her final exam will ruin your final grade. I took her and I got a C, which ruined my chances of making the Dean's List! I was so close but oh, I'm quite upset about this. If you are an English Major, go ahead. You'll be the only ones to do well.
absolutely cant stand the woman. she decides who she likes and who she doesnt...if you arent liked then forget it.
This woman could be compared to the devil... nope I think the devil has a heart... STAY AWAY!! If you see that name drop the class and take it at a community college if you can!!
This was the WORST class I have ever taken. You can't hear what she is saying in class because she mumbles and is quiet. She goes off on random tangents, makes you sit on a stupid discussion panel in the front of class (very uncomfortable) and the class is RIDICULOUS! I'm an eng major and she is the worst eng professor I've ever had! Avoid her!!!
I'm sorry but Dr. Apter is one of the worst profs I have ever had and I have taken several English classes as well as countless others. She is un clear, un helpful, gives false accusations, and talks about her son most of the time and how intelligent he is. Also tells you she does not gives A's...Seriously DO NOT TAKE ANY CLASS WITH HER.
Not a good teacher
I found her to be a bit off balance, and she spent more time talking about arguments with her husband, and her own viewpoints on religion and politics than she really needed to.
Trust all sane opinions on this! She is nuts, the most horrible prof I have ever had...sorry to be so cruel, but I am just trying to be honest. Also for the other comment...I am an English major and sometimes we don't even succed in her class! Don't take this prof...save yourselves!!!
This woman is insane. How and why she ever got tenured is beyond me. She is unclear in expectations, has you buy her own inane publications. If you are not an English major -DON"T take a class for UP with her - you will not suceed. Eng majors barely do.
I actually thought that I would enjoy this class...I was wrong. She's tangential and rarely makes sense She sings in class and is sometimes seen as being quite insane. And who wants to take a prof who has so little faith in her students to say "you will not get and A in this class"? I don't
Worst professor I've EVER had, and I even had a B+ in her class. She won't explain her grading, or the correct answers to quizzes. I don't know how she ever got tenure. She doesn't deserve it. For a UP course, she is extremely unfair. DO NOT take this class with her. Try Carol Riddle instead.
Ronnie is a horrible teacher unless you are a total dork like she is. If you have to take her class, when you write papers only write what she says its about and not what you think because your opinion doesn't matter. SPELL CHECK and GRAMMAR CHECK your papers. DON'T TAKE HER CLASS!!!
Horrible teacher. she gave me a D on a paper, not because of content, but because i had some spelling errors. it was an in class essay. it took me the entire time to write it, i didnt have time to proof read. your opinion on the essay does not matter. whatever you do, it will always be wrong.
I could not do well in her class as a senior English major with a 3.7 average. On my first exam she wrote on my paper that I had absolutely no chance of getting anything above a D+ in her class even if I go a B on everything else. Do not take her class. Very unclear. Not helpful. Exam's are vague!!!
She sings, dear God does she sing. It is a rough class to begin with, doesnt analyze the text at all. Disorganized. Do not take if you are a serious ENG major. And she sings, nonstop.
One of the worst professors that I have had in my 4 years of college. She is not clear on what she wants on the tests, papers, and quizes, then marks you down if you do not provide what she wants. Take this class if you want to lower your grade. Her grading system is rediculous. Bad, very bad.
The worst prof ever!! Please do no take this class with her!!! She tells you the first day of class that she does not give out A and rarely B's. She does not clarify anything and her grading is very un-fair! I honestly think she may be a psycho! Not jokin
She is a horrible teacher! I learned nothing from her class and did not enjoy the opera singing or out right political opinion! She should not be teaching adn tells students the first day that "You will not get an A in my class!"
Spends most of the time talking around and not about the important topics. Does not explain the nuances of her exam questions and is shocked when students fail to understand her obtuse statements. Exam questions have no relevancy to class discussion.
Apter's rubrics 4 grading R unclear & she wont explain them. If U disagree w/ UR grade she will not respond to U. I am uncomfortable when she sings in class, & I am discusted w/ the amount of political opinions she gets away w/ saying. She is very liberal
PARTICIPATE. Even if it is a really stupid answer, say it. She marks you down points by how much you participate. Also she is an unclear grader. I was sitting all semester with a B, until she gave me a d- on my final paper and there went my GPA.
Apter is odd, which would be fine if I felt that I learned or grew mentally during her course. I love Shakespeare, but she nearly ruined it for me. I found nothing redeeming about her teaching style. She is vague, inconsistent, and dull (despite singing).
She is an extremely hard grader....i hate this class. DO NOT EVER EVER VER TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
