very mean professor.
Make sure you know stuffs from her study guides for midterms n finals and you will be safe. hint: pay particular attention to points in the study guide that she mentions you must understand and those that are in bold fonts. For programs/project, make sure u meet ALL requirements. Lectures are bascially a re-read from lecture notes she posts online.
I'm not sure if she is human or robotic. She is NOT AT ALL approachable. She doesn't have ANY people skills. If you don't go to class, your grade will be (char)70 = F. Worst teacher I ever took a class with. JUST DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DON'T TAKE A CLASS WITH HER
Very hard and mean teacher. I strognly recommend you not to take her class.
Well... the subject of differentials & linear algebra is hard. That said, he does try to make it as easy as possible by using variation of example problems on the midterms. Sample midterm/ final was just like the real exam. Study, Study, Study. Got by this class by self-learning everything from khan academy and youtube. Textbook is useless
Got A in his class Fall 2006. Few friends who good at programming didn't do too well so Im speaking for everyone. He screwed up big time on his 2nd midterm by not mentioning in his spec that the dialog should be initialized by fields on the main form. As a result, blind mindless idiots just followed the homework and got As because he stopped gradin
The beginning of the course is fun, since the prof. goes into a lot of details. However, he wastes a lot of time talking about irrelevant stuff and ends up catching up at the nd of the course. Too much stuff left unexplaned, but asked on the finals! You have to surf the web to find many answers!!!
Super hard, first midterm was somewhat by the books but second midterm and final was terrible. Homework did not help at all
I eventually stopped going to class because his lectures were awful and just read the book. The material is very interesting, but Kubelka ruins it by reading off a "wall of text" powerpoint derived from the book. He rarely "teaches" because he lacks the intuition and clarity to do so effectively. His online homework is a mess of errors.
Rambles a lot. Make sure to review slides after lectures to let the information solidify in your mind. The number of homework problems assigned will seem unreasonable compared to that assigned by other discrete math professors.
This was by far the hardest class I have ever taken. I highly recommend you look for past students who took his class because his midterms are almost identical to the midterm's last semester, just different numbers.
DO NOT TAKE MATH129A WITH HIM YOU WILL FAIL. On top of taking my other major courses, I thought this class would be easy, but I was wrong. The tests are quite difficult since you have to answer the questions in specific ways. Make sure you read the textbook or you won't pass his exams. Very hard class.
His lectures tend to move faster than we could understand. Get distracted for a couple minutes? Youll be behind all the way till the next chapter unless you go home and teach yourself. He doesnt do a good job making the course easy to understand. Homework is tedious. The midterms and final are difficult, no cheat sheets allowed either.
His grading makes it a very stressful class and sometimes puts unnecessary problems on his exams. His teachings are not too bad, however, I probably should say take another teacher if you can.
A VERY HARD grader. I was one of those many students he failed. If you want to take a chance, go ahead.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Material is easy but is really stingy on partial. He doesnt care about students, and will fail 70% of students this semester. Thinks most students are dumb if you make simple mistakes. No curve. Go to his office hours if you want to get on your knees and devalue yourself.
this teacher failed more than half of the class i don't know why he has wired mood swings...it seems like you might pass cuz he seems nice but he did not curve and i promise you 70-80% of the class did not pass...i was shocked at how many people he failed..don't know why his rating is good...
Teacher is mean, gets pretty angry when you ask him to explain something. Takes alot of points of for minor mistakes.
Dr. Kubelka is an okei teacher. If you make sure you study, you will pass all his tests. His lectures are rather boring. i wouldnt go to his office hours, its more unclear....i recommend him though:)
Terrible teacher. Lectures are slow and repetitive. Course breadth is extremely narrow. He does not speak good English. He cannot see well enough to read read and makes constant typos. Homework assignments are poorly given without full explanation of grading criteria. He gives free grades increases and extra credit for helping him outside of class.
His accent is BAD. He's been in the US for like 10 years and still can't speak! Don't think he knows much of the material either.
He tests you on complex topics, after giving a poor explanation of them. Then he tests you on the same things 5 or 6 more times. You have to really not be paying attention to not get near perfect scores on later exams.
Great guy, but the class was a bit of a headache. He lectured a lot, and ended up basically yelling trying to be 'passionate.' there is lots of group work, and the tests are very difficult to prepare for. I would love to speak to him outside of class, but I just didn't enjoy how he taught.
I'd 10/10 be friends with him outside of class but do not take his class. Way too difficult for the level of the class and his tests do not reflect your understanding of the content 0/10.
This is the hardest class i have ever taken. A lot of work and reading to prepare for tests. The tests are long and you only have the class time to finish.
Assigns wayyyyy too much reading for very little quiz and test questions.
Was not clear in his teachings and a little arrogant.
I think everyone is being dramatic. He is kinda creepy and his analogies can be super weird, but that's life. It's a lot of work for a 0 credit hr class that is doable if you manage your time.I can see where he's coming from usually... his delivery on concepts can just be off-putting. I wouldn't take him again but it wasn't the end of the world.
My issue with this professor was the lack of care he had for how what he said effected his students. He was very derogatory when talking about mental health. I truly wish there were other options for professors with this class. I want whoever taking this to be mentally prepared for lots of cruel statements.
Oh my gosh. No. Sorry CLS students having to take this by him. It isn't the hardest thing ever but it really really sucks.
I often disagreed with his theology, yet he taught as if his interpretation was gospel. Often it was out of context or just an individual interpretation. I also had a difficult time getting him to respond when scheduling a make up exam. Often unable to answer questions asked in class. Often repeats lectures because he forgot he already taught them.
He defiantly knows his material well. However, that is the problem. He lectures with a sense of passive entitlement. As if his class is more important than others. While his material is good, he places an unnecessary burden on his students. He tries to hard to get the class to walk away with something to the point where it is forceful.
Lectures are long and boring, but attendance is kept. Kills forests with how much he makes students print out, it's ridiculous. Unfortunately no other professor options, so good luck and learn to zone out. Study for the tests a little bit and do the daily homework and you'll get an A+.
Jamie Lash can be entertaining at times but many days I have trouble staying awake in class. You have to take him though if you are on the CLS scholarship. When quoting scripture, he likes to pull out his own interpretation and can be entirely wrong. You will have to read a book he helped write for the quizzes online.
Doesn't really teach, but uses his own stories (some seem made up) to teach. He is very opinionated.
Not organized, very boring, tells stories of himself! If you have to take him good luck and if you can avoid him I would. Does have a heart for the Lord just not teaching!
Lash is unorganized, always late, and his material is ridiculous. He's uncomfortable and mixes CLS and Foundations.
Kinda too opinionated to be a teacher. his way is the only way and it applies to everyone. not a good idea for a teacher who is supposed to be teaching life lessons that "anyone can use." this class should be done away with. it's totally rid
fun guy, class easy to get through, very smart but terrible class if you want to learn physics-had to have someone else teach me the material-he says dont worry about your grade he'll curve but his curve brought my grade down so be careful
He's zany and spontaneous, like a mad scientist, and usually has good stories, so it's fun to watch. He's not an effective teacher, unfortunately. His lectures are very hard to follow. The tests are pretty tricky, but he gives you a very generous curve. Do not take this course if you want to actually LEARN physics.
He is a nice guy and pretty strange. He says that he doesn't try to trick you but then has tests with a bunch of tricky questions. He wasn't there for either of the review sessions and I felt really unprepared for the tests. Still, a really easy class that you don't really have to go to, and believe me a lot of people skip.
Not the biggest fan. Hard to do well and shes very rude. Would not recccomend.
Class was extremely boring and she gets specific on her tests when there is a lot of information. I took it over winter session and found it harder than what people led it on to be.
Oh Signorielli...I didn't go to class because she read from powerpoint that I had bought that she publishes. She literally reads it from the slide. Just read her notes, skim the book, don't ask questions, but try to avoid her.
This class was soooo boring it convinced me that I had ADD. If you want to hear about her husband, children, and boring life, take this class. If you want to learn things about communication take someone elses class.
most boring class ever!! never went bc i couldnt sit through it.. just read the books esp taking sides and study the notes and you will be fine. its not difficult just painful.
yes brings back bad memories of lots of confusion, contradictions, odd mood swings, and just being of no help to anyone. that cackling voice of hers too wow. study study
boring, makes tests tricker than needed, A's are possible w/ much studying!!
difficult class, you have to work really hard. she is not willing to help much
Introduce yourself and send emails--seem interested--the tests are HARD
3 little words: "to do that"
DON'T TAKE HER CLASS!!! boring, always says "to do that," pointless class
loves herself and shows it
better than Pavitt, but that doesn't say much.
I don't go to class and I got a b+ on the last test. People who go got c's.
If it goes on the board it goes on the test. Expect to do a lot of reading. You have to work in this class, but she is very sweet and can be forgiving if you do. If you don't do the reading her tests/quizzes will consume your soul. She is old fashioned, but that's not surprising considering she may have dated Thoreau in high school. I loved her.
The worst teacher in the English dept. at JMU. She has the sorriest excuses for everything, assigns the most ridiculous reading and then doesn't even talk about it in class, you won't learn anything but you WILL want to end your life after her class.
He is a really nice professor and extremely witty, but he grades really really hard. His exams are alright if you study really hard but the papers are impossible to recieve an A on!
He is tough. Daily reading quizes. Papers are SO hard and graded rough. He is a huge challenge. He should be teaching upper level classes not a general education. If you have to take him you can survive, but if its possible look for someone easier!
The lecture was completely useless so I stopped going. The tests were very easy and often just taken from the past exams that he gives you. The labs are horrible and so hard but that's not his fault. He started giving codes in class that you have to type into canvas to show you were at lecture which sucked. Homeworks on webassign was very nice.
This is the only class where I've sat down and actually put work into an assignment and still gotten a 0 on it. Lectures & labs are a waste of time but are mandatory. He goes on lecture long tangents about applications, but when it comes to the problems you'll be tested on he just says "it's a very simple equation, very easy to solve" then goes on
This class was extremely difficult. I never skipped class, but I still felt as though I was missing something no matter how hard I studied. Nothing made sense. He's a really nice guy and curves generously, and he gives extra credit for coming to class and turning in a minute paper. He encourages people to go to office hours too.
Lecture left me more confused, so I stopped going. The discussion TA was EXTREMELY helpful and the weekly quizzes & review sessions he gave before exams were the only good part. Webassign was used for hw. Lab never took the full time and we even wrote up the report every week and turned it in before leaving. Beware of the final; no curve at the end
She is a very nice woman who definitely means well but most of the time she seems really confused. She spends too much class time going over old material and barely addresses new material that we need to know for labs. We didn't learn Java but were thrown into a java lab. i recommend taking another professor.
She means well, but fails at every other aspect. She assumes the class understands what's going on bc she really doesn't. She constantly is second guessing herself which doesn't help the class progress,& she rarely covers a topic before the required lab because she spends too much time taking attendance or doing something wrong. Take w another prof
Umm.. okay. Speaks English and had a bad TA. Not bad but definitely not amazing.
Lecture is really hard to follow. Grading is unfair
I took his colloquium, 'Gods and Superheroes'. This class wasn't too hard, I didn't read any of the material but you are graded on 3 papers and class participation. His grading style is unclear and there is no feedback on the papers. Very difficult to follow if you don't know psychology and have a vast knowledge of superheroes.
Professor Fox simply wants you to regurgitate his exact thoughts in papers and exams, and even if you do this he will take points off arbitrarily. He will completely stop reading your paper if he disagrees with something, even if you disprove it two sentences later. Doing everything in your power to do well will be fruitless unless you ARE him.
Unclear on what he wants. Do not take.
Not nearly as critical, difficult, or good as his reputation. Purports to be "critical but sympathetic" but is not really that critical, especially toward the weirder claims of Daoism. Claims to want arguments, but actually wants generalizations supported by cherry-picked examples. I've been in excellent philosophy classes and this wasn't one.
If u want an a, don't write from a Christian viewpoint. He loves to be funny and get people to like him and act like he's presenting the facts openly and being fair to all religions. Yeah, ok fox.
1st, appreciated his open discussion and involving the class, but then that's all he does! He accepts every stupid BS answer and every wrong ans. So u never no which one is right. Sometimes, I wish he would just completely deny a student & state 1 fact!!
If you are taking World Religions and you are a Christian, watch out, he can get hostile! If you start answering questions based on the Bible he will tell you it is your personal belief, not fact. Otherwise, pretty good prof.
very interesting and intelligent.didnt undertsnd 1 thing he was talking about
At first, Bellamy seems awful. Discrete is a pretty tough subject and he is unorganized as can be. He writes out long boring proofs that you can pretty much space out and ignore a lot of the time. However, even though his grading scales seem super weird, if you put in a decent amount of effort in it is actually fairly easy to get an A.
His lectures are so frustrating: he just stands at the board and rambles on without actually checking if you understand it or not. He gives a normal amount of homework which are pretty hard, but the test questions are always easier than the homework. You have to put in a lot of individual effort in order to do well.
I'm taking this class now, and it's most likely the most difficult class I have ever taken. Don't expect to learn too much from the lectures as the notation can be quite confusing. If you don't understand one little detail, it's unlikely you'll be able to fully comprehend the proof or theorem he's writing on the board. READ the text and do the HW.
Difficult if you haven't taken calculus before... you have to teach yourself the material.
Bellamy is not the typical Calc 1 teacher. His lectures are hard to follow if you haven't had calc before. I was scared at first, but I then learned his teaching method. If you don't understand lectures, TA's help significantly. This is not an easy calc 1 class, but it is interesting if you like math. I'm getting an A, but I've had Calc before.
He really wasn't as bad as what the other ratings say. I was terrified at first, but once you get to learn how he teaches it gets better. His grading scale seems crazy at first but it's actually pretty easy to pass. If you don't understand anything in class(which can happen often) the TA's are great. Plus he'll give you equations and such for exams
Awful
The first day of class you will think it is impossible to get an A, but his grading scale isn't as bad as it sounds. Do the homework early in the semester so you don't have to do it at the end. The tests problems are easier than the homework, but he grades pretty strict. The lectures are confusing at times. Go to the TA's office hours for help
I took 2 years of calc in high school so the class wasn't that bad for me, but if I did not know what I was doing already it would be. He gives a lot of extra points but the homework is still harder than the tests and be prepared to teach yourself. He stands in front of what he is teaching so you can't read it. Make sure to call him on mistakes.
Grading system is stressful at first. Easy class if you do ALL the homework problems then the final can be exempted. Try to get the project done early too and do a few mini projects. A slacker's nitemare, but really not terribly difficult.
very confusing, avoid as best as possible.
Decent guy, can be funny, but grading is very strange. Homework, tests, and notes correlate very strangely. He tends not to keep his TA well-informed, so, while the one I had was good and clear, the way she taught didn't always match up with what he wanted us to do. Book was a better teacher than he was, though.
DO NOT take this course...he is a horrible teacher and you'll find yourself lettin ur mind drift cuz he's so boring and confusing a teacher shud be able to clarify his statements a lil better...if u do hav to take this course make sure u attend disc. sections!!!!...
wow, i've never seen a class mutiny like that - teachers and students heatedly yelling at each other
Whoever said he was a great teacher is nuts. Its not a bad class if you're good at math, but the TA taught me more than him. Possible to get an A. He has his old exams on a website, which can help you for the final.
Easy A. Lectures are extremely tedious and pointless. But he's a nice guy.
Extremely bright but can't relate material down to the class... take some1 else!
homeworks hard, bad ta, cluttered lectures, stutering problem maybe from drugs
He's like "wrestling an alligator and playing a violin at the same time."
Find a tutor fast, his grading scheme is god awful
kinda weird...TA helped explain what he couldn't...easy to do well if you do hw.
Has trouble explaining things, probably wouldn't be passing unless for TA
HW impossible, unclear, inaccurate, and lack of wardrobe makes class intolerable
Not too tough of a class.
He doesnt help with homework problems
Lectures are scattered and very confusing- sometimes she throws in unnecessary details. Use the textbook and her PPTs on sakai for clarity. Despite her confusing lectures she is such a nice lady and is willing to help her students as long as they ask. Go to her office hours if you're confused about a topic and she will likely help you!
The class is all memorization, and not nearly as difficult as everyone makes it seem. If you have background in bio already, then it will be a piece of cake. Otherwise, if you just skim the chapters the night before the exams, then you can get an A pretty easily with minimal effort. 84 and up was an A. Not the best prof, but it's an intro course
Lectures basically consist of going through the figures from the book and having her explain it to the best of her ability. To prepare for tests you have to read through the book and memorize every part of every slide. If you can do that you will do well... its not easy. Final Group project helps bring grade up by a bit since she grades it easily
SO hard. not even worth going to class. i wish i got more out of this class but i ended up teaching myself everything. Flo is not a good teacher, but she is definitely a smart lady.
The class is pretty difficult. She isn't very clear and reads directly off the slides. It's nearly impossible to pay attention n her class and the tests are ridiculous. It is possible to pass but getting a decent grade will require a lot of hard work. She gives a pretty steep curve so nearly everyone passes. Good luck!
Schmieg is definitely not going to be your favorite professor. She is very boring to listen to and reads right from her powerpoints. Her test questions are next to impossible, but she does give a big curve. She assigns group work which gets annoying. Overall, i'll be glad when i'm finished with this class. Do not take her class if you dont have to!
Despite her horrible ratings, you should take this professor. None of the professors for this course are decent from what I've heard (and I've heard a lot). This professor has a great curve, noncumulative final, an easy, grade-boosting project. The lab is boring and completely useless. Use the online book videos to study at the very least.
Bio was my major until I had this prof and realized I would have to take her again. The notes are her comments on figures out of the text, then you are responsible for teaching yourself from finding the figures in the text and reading about them. Class project was fun, but that was IT. Terrible professor, do NOT take it with her
Schmieg gets very excited about teaching biology, however she struggles in teaching it. She tries hard though: gives a good outline of topics for the test, does a review before each test, and her grading scale makes it bearable although her tests are wordy and tricky (if you get above a 50, you pass with a C at least)
Day one, in a room full of freshman bio majors, she said "there just aren't any jobs in biology out there"?!? 4 years later, med-tech, big pharma, etc... are on fire. This professor was the least in touch with their field of study that I'd ever encountered. Changed my major because of her and probably didn't need to. Awful.
terrible teacher. she writes so small you can barely see it. i do not recommend taking this class with her. i love bio but now i want to change my major. i study for every test and still fail. really confusing and unclear.
I T.A.ed for this teacher and she didn't even remember me!
Unless you love biology as much as she does, you will not enjoy this class. She skips around in the book and is really confusing, especially on tests, she does curve your overall grade, nice person, but very very boring, she can't teach.
Impossible. Uses awkward wording on tests, and even if you attend all lectures and read the text and understand concepts, there is no guarantee you will do well on an exam.
not very organized when it comes to giving notes (topic jumper)
one word....BORING!!! Tests are tricky even if you know the info.!!
dont go to lecture-you'll just fall asleep-notes make you more confused-DULL
hahahha- "goo-anine"
Tests are deliberately impossible!
told re to TA to make the quizes harder because too many people were getting A's
Boring, unclear, very hard tests, gives you more work then other sections
No personality,boring lectures, tries to trick you on exams
Boring and difficult! Tests have nothing to do with the class notes
She claimed it was a "crime against humanity to give students A's and B's"
Shes friendly although her lip quivers while at the overhead projector.
Very dull. She made me forget the stuff I used to know.
I felt like i was in 3rd grade, boring as hell
put me to sleep, so mediocre that i often skipped class
Lectures were rarely helpful...not a good setting for problem-based learning
Only took this class since it was required for all Political Science majors, but it has no actual politics discussed. He gives weekly hw assignments and three or four tests, all written no multiple choice. Plus you have to learn to program SPSS and write a 14 page on it. Did not enjoy but got through it. Said he'd curve the class but never did...
weird teaching style, should get better,
Our entire grade is comprised of 3 multiple choice exams. They weren't too difficult it made them far more nerve wracking as there was no breathing room to mess up on even 1. Plus his lectures are incredibly boring, al he does is read off a powerpoint, I think I fell asleep the entire first month. He was a alright guy but the course was just lazy.
The topics and information taught are interesting. Tends to jump around a lot when he lectures. Not very clear on what you need to know for the exams. Exams do not assess what you learn in class and how much you study. I would not recommend him.
Three exams during the semester. Attendance isn't mandatory. Not a hard class but extremely boring. Doesn't do anything but lecture for 50 minutes, absolutely no interaction with students.
Attendance not mandatory. Class boring. Textbook worthless. Everything on tests from outlines. Its 25% for each test and 50% for the final. You can drop a test to shift the weights to 33% and 66%. Tests were easy (almost identical to old tests) but final was difficult. Had A going into final, finished w B. Didnt really study though
Not a hard class but it is extremely boring. All you need to know for the tests is the outlines he hands out and you will do fine. Two tests and a final and if you need one of the exams will be dropped...VERY BORING THOUGH
Boring class, in a nutshell there is a lot of bureaucracy and rent-seeking behavior in developing countries. Also, trade is good. You will be bombarded w/ articles and random clusters of information centered around these basic themes. Has very little to do w/ economics. Prof will send you into a comatose-like state w/ his rambling, avoid.
Just avoid him! He will burn you out. He is Jekyll and Hyde. In class is he Mr. Happy go lucky. After class it is a whole another story. IS helpful as long as it is something small. You heard it here. Avoid, avoid, avoid, avoid, avoid!!! Terrible!
rushes through material, harder to understand, expects class to pick up material as if studied before, exams cover a lot of material, keep up with readings, enthusiastic
tests covered lots of material, final worth 67% of grade, read material
Love Link, think he's a great guy, but he is not the best teacher. His lectures are very confusing to the point that I stopped paying attention. He tries to be helpful, but ends up confusing you more. This class was very hard for me, but he did give a good curve at the end.
Professor Link is just okay. His lectures are very boring, but eventually his message gets across. He is absolutely terrible with technology, and his grading system sucks because you pick the grade you want to get but could still do terribly. Feedback he gives is limited and not helpful. Not a bad guy, but a little old in terms of teaching style.
Same lectures from 15 years ago. Very rude responses when students ask him questions. Doesn't know how to work a computer (given his age).
Dr. Link conducted an asynchronous class in which you have to teach yourself the material. His exams were tough and nothing like the homework or problem sets. I would strongly recommend against taking his course because learning economics on your own isnt an easy task
This was an asynchronous online class, meaning I had 0 interaction with the professor throughout the year. Tests will introduce things completely new, like a graphing or chart function that was never used in the homework. You teach yourself this class, the professors only job is to send emails with tests tips, which are nice enough for me rate 2/5
Link's lectures feel so long and don't stop talking the whole time. Makes you buy a $160 textbook that you take notes in which is a waste of money. Study sessions make 10x more sense than anything he taught.
The guy loves his job but come on. He gives you some opportunities to succeed but for every opportunity he gives there's another 3 that he will throw you under the bus. He flies through material and asks "any questions"? but get mad when people ask questions lol. Good guy and all but lighten tf up on a course that ppl don't really want to be in
He's a good guy but isn't the easiest to follow. If you ask a question you won't get a direct answer. You can't have someone else use your clicker. Go to class, he makes you fill out your textbook as class goes on. When you study for the exams it's hard to know what to study - look at the syllabus and it will tell you. Khan academy helped me.
This class is so boring. He tries so bad to be fun but its terrible. I went to his office hours and he did not want to help me at all. Take someone else because the material isn't difficult but he takes attendance so its not worth it.
I took the class online first and failed. Took it again with him in person and its easier but it still sucks. He's arrogant and really rude in emails. He never gives you a straight answer. He explains absolutely nothing. Class is so boring and who gives assigned seats in college? Its not the worst but be prepared to hate it.
This was definitely not my best class. Link is very scattered and his text book skips around so you have no idea where to look when studying. I know a few people who did really well in this class but I also know a lot who did not. The TA's are very helpful and so is he if you go to see him. I would avoid his huge lectures.
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. He is extremely unclear and confusing. If you ask him a question he twists it around because he doesn't know the answer to it. Plus, the final is IMPOSSIBLE
He is very helpful if you go to him, however the material is extremely hard to grasp. Go to the TA review sessions, they really answer your questions. Link makes it very hard to not fall asleep in class.
Very tough if you don't love the concepts. He is boring and his monotone voice puts you to sleep.
Class is boring, and Dr. Link is rather unorganized. The syllabus and textbook are all over the place and it's hard to follow. Also, he doesn't explain things very clearly and the more he tries to explain it, the more confused I get. Teach yourself the material and you should be fine. Just go to class so you don't miss any in-class exercises.
Link overly complicates everything. He's a great guy who tries to make class fun, but his classes are so frustrating for everyone to go to because he only confuses you more. He tends to assume you know all of the basics about economics before you've arrived at class. If you studying really hard you'll be okay but it's kind of hard to do well.
DR. Link made things really confusing when the topics were simple. I stopped paying attention in class and decided to teach myself and I managed to do better than when I payed attention. Class was boring so I usualy read a book.
His exam questions are very poorly worded and so are his notes. makes things way too complicated and confusing. the class dragged on to no end. our class ended at 1:45 and at 1:47 he would start to go through the most important concepts extremely fast. if it wasn't for his T.As i would be nowhere. you do get to watch some funny video clips though
If you enjoy egotistical professors who think they invented the powerpoint, use over complicated terminology to explain what are really basic topics and run class with technology that is circa 1985....DR LINK IS FOR YOU.
I just think he's way too smart to be teaching a 100-level econ class. Maybe he can't dumb down to teach it. If you are a organizing freak, don't take it. He jumps around in his micro-notes book a lot, which is confusing to study for and to keep up with. I hated the multi-media approach.
he's ok, but his lectures are super boring. a lotta ppl slept. he uses a multimedia approach which i thought was useless and it was like him reading off slides and not really teaching. bad class.
I enjoyed this class. He made the lecture as entertaining as he possibly could. Sometimes it would get pretty dull, but overall not too bad. You have a couple packets for hw called problem sets, 3 tests, and a cumulative final. overall good teacher and easy class. take link!
Just simply hearing Dr. Links name makes me get angry. His class could not be any more boring, attending is worse than self-inflicted pain. Save yourself a semester of anger and avoid him at all cost. He isn't the hardest teacher it is just he made me hate my life having to deal with his class
Link is a genius. He knows everything about Economics. He teachers WAY more information than the the other professors of the college and he applies it to the real world. However, he makes up words and speaks in run on sentences. He's boring and his "multimedia approach" is scattered at best. His final was unfair and tested us on healthcare facts !!
The class is a little bit boring, but it does do a good job of explaining how economies work. The tests are all multiple choice
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!! i dropped because he was skipping all over the place, he was just HORRIBLE!!
He makes everything a thousand times harder than it should be, concepts are easy but he makes them difficult. the cd needs to go, although his classes are made more interesting through multimedia. still...do not take econ with him if you want to get a good grade. a LOT of busy work
The material isn't that hard, HOWEVER, he does find a way to make it VERY hard...Doesn't do a great job explaining the material, which isn't tough material. Plus Minus papers don't really help...class is better due to multimedia techniques, but I would recommend not taking this class if you have other options or if you don't want your gpa to suffer
he is soo boring and really annoying. the class its self is hard, he gives stupid homeork problems that take a while and the tests are harder than they should be. take harris his tests are much easier and u do no work
WORST PROFESSOR EVER!!! Incredibly boring, confusing, and he makes everything wayyyyy harder than it has to be! Make sure you get Harris!!!!!
really boring professor, but then again the subject is not that exciting either...make sure to go to dan's review sessoins it is really helpful..
i sleep in that class everyday
he has a habit of making easy things hard to understand, but the media approach is helpful and the cd you get will give you all most of the test material, hes a good guy, but tough course
Dropped him in 2 weeks. VERY anal retentive on how u should sit, do your homework. Makes u sign a contract so u understand his rules. Multimedia was amusing at 1st, but joke's no longer funny. No text book, only his incoherent notes to learn Econ. Avoid.
The material can be difficult, and he does not help you with questions. Don't even bother emailing him for help, he just has an impersonal nonhelpful reply
didn't make things clear, really hard exams, doesn't explain things well when asked.
easy class, annoying because he is arrogant & always talks about sex which when you take a look at him you will realize how gross that is
GO TO CLASS!!!Do EC, and go to review sessionsTA's are much more helpful than he
Very hard course. Maybe the hardest in school. Always refers to sex, sex, sex.
Arrogant, wish i had a dif. prof., problem sets are confusing, tests are hard,
He can be an **** and the class is very difficult
Book is tough to understand. No notes to be taken - hard to learn.
Rude, tough work, cuts you off and makes you feel stupid when asking a ?
Skinny and cocky + Ben Stein = Link
Felt like I was being taught by power point instead of a prof
Hard class if you aren't a whiz in economics. Arrogant teacher.
Link is arrogant. Class is easy. Practice tests are VERY similar to tests.
Repeatedly says "essentially" out of context. Is a wannabe motivational speaker.
Course isn't easy, and his grading system is a fair as a military trial.
horrible prof...his voice is soo annoying...do practice tests and all EC
The only way I learned is by the CD, rarely could pay attention in class
Great Prof. Do the problem sets and all the available ex. cr.....at least a B
Pay attention to understand him. Having no book sucks though
uses multimedia which is good. tries to be funny. not very clear
cant slack around in this class, gotta do the work...
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Brophy takes an interesting topic and makes it more boring and painful then you could ever imagine. He has no personality, he thinks WAY too highly of himself, and he expects way too much out of his students. I usually get As and Bs, but Brophy's class is ridiculous.
steer away from this intimidating man -- very tough grader, even if you study and put in effort... look elsewhere for a 102 teacher
Exams are weird, lectures are not coherently organized.
I was excited for this class, but the first few months were dedicated to punnett squares and simple mathematical calculation. Then suddenly everything became route memorization. Tough. Note: Do not do the difficult book problems he assigns for the first exam. There will generally only be easy ones on it. -READ THE BOOK-STUDY OLD EXAMS LIKE WOAH-
makes test harder then they need to be..take nobleharvey instead
Worst professor I have ever had @ Delaware.You will fail, he refuses to answer questions if u don't understand. DON'T TAKE HIM.
He's a very nice man. This course is very difficult, but he does know his stuff. He is interesting, but the tests are nearly impossible. His language is for junior BISC majors, so if that's not you, good luck.
If you arent a Bio Major Avoid Taking him! Exams are basically a mind game!
What a jerk... nurses beware he HATES us. Lot of material on tests not covered in class. Very hard, tricky and unfair tests. Makes you watch videos online with material he wont cover. Be prepared to teach yourself everything.
One of the easist classes i have had at UD. Its just 2 multiple choice exams, no work, no papers. Kinda boring tho but you can pretty much skip every class if you read.
lectures straight from book, two tests 50% each; curves with z-score so if better than 1/2 the class you're fine otherwise ther goes your GPA. I read and went to class so wasn't too bad.
It is easy to do well in this class. Lecture notes are almost an exact copy of what you can read in the book. Gets side tracked a lot in the middle of lectures.
weird prof, early lect and only two test so expect a C even if u work for it
not a good teacher, but real easy, never went, got top grade on midterm
Stalker has a great personality.. but he can be boring at times
boring, but.......well that's it, he's just boring
I've had 2 classes w/ him.Both were terrible.He's unclear.Just read the book.
Incredibly boring teacher, VERY NICE, unfair grading system
Can you say impossible? The man does not know when to end class either.
never been so confused in my life. cant tell if going to class helps!! V HARD
HORRIBLE, DONT EVER TAKE HIM ! MOST OF THE COMMENTS HERE ARE ALL TRUE
BORING! If u hav 2 much free-time take it. Book puts to zzz.Work many e.g's.
his class is boring and confusing....avoid if possible
I never go to class. The tests are really easy. Commen sense class.
MISERABLE class!! Really nice, approachable guy though.
seems to really like to fail jocks
boring and dull come to mind...not a good class!
You can easily get confused. Go to as many classes as possible. Text is dense.
boring lectures that keep you uninterested....2 test system that are hard
Nice guy, but class is sleep-inducing
Avoid. Feels compelled to constantly insult every student in class for their work, even though he never actually shows how to properly do the assignments. Operates under the guise of "preparing students for the world"...only as an excuse to belittle their work. Riley needs to learn what the word Intro...means in Intro to TV & Audio course
He made me cry the whole way home after my first day of his class. Basically he told us that in the comm. field we will be poor, and on top of that, losers! He also was more interested in talking about what he has done in life, than teaching us any material from the book. I didn't learn anything, except to never take his class again!
not clear, condescending, and not organized
she is just too excited for it being 10 in the morning.
Impossible to know what she actually wanted. Very unclear with instructions.
Nice woman, not the best prof. I always felt as though she was teaching material that was over her head. Ever ask any questions? Don't expect well thought out responses.
she plays favorites with students. She also tends to listen to students poorly - she makes a quick judgment about what you are saying and then doesn't listen to your whole idea. Very ethnusiastic though
mEAN
For a Doctor of Ethnomusicology, this woman seems to have an awfully difficult time operating a microphone. Every day in class her voice was feeding back through the speakers, people were cringing, and guest performers were freaked out. How do you think her fieldwork recordings sound? "Scree!!"
She seems nice, but she words her tests in a confusing manner and also sometimes messes up the correct information. She does want students to do well though, but not many students actually do.
When we reflect back on our college experience, will we still think the material is "dry" after taking his class? ZZZZZZZ
I was in the IRHR Seminar nine years ago as a grad student. Regardless of the comments of the genius below, "Mark's" class (known to most of us as Dr. Wardell) had an adversarial tone throughout, culminating in an interrogation/oral exam that felt more like retribution than any measure of knowledge. We were only required to answer one question, and our answers were not evaluated but counted as "participation". There was a meaningful written exam also. A professor has to be willing to alter his teaching methods when things aren't working.
Attendance is mandatory, must go to get the blanks to slides which will be what is on exams. Exams open note but the class average was often still a C or low B, must have a good note sheet to do well. Does not provide missing work for almost any reason. Hard grader, very nit picky. Do not go on your phone in class, will get mad. No textbooks needed
Dr. Clark is by no means a great professor. His lectures are difficult to listen to, as he just drones on for the whole class. You will never get out of class early. Attendance is graded daily through tophat. He is not an understanding guy, but his TA was. All assignments are due at the beginning of class, and are not open for late submission.
I found this class to be really interesting because I know some of the things we learned about I will see/experience in the future with jobs. Professor Clark on the other hand is kind of scatter-brained and when you would ask him questions about his class he never could really give you a straight answer.
This is a stupid class. Also, he's a nice guy, but not a very good professor. He just reads off the slides, and rarely provides additional or interesting information. This was by far the most boring class I've taken yet at PennState. Not recommended.
It turns out that the "Charles P. McIlvaine Professor of English" isn't even up to date on literary criticism in his field. His lectures are informed by some scholars who were prominent in the late sixties. UGH!!He's a kind man though.
No! Just No!!!! Thanks God he's retiring. His new book is a catastrophe on paperback, too. People should realize that big words don't make a good teacher.
Lentz is completely old school. He won't allow you to make up a quiz for being two minutes late and then he'll hold you four minutes after class. His rigidness is often unfair and tyrannical
So overrated! Seriously, you write one book 30 years ago and we are supposed to think you are some literary god? Maybe he is but a good teacher he ain't.
DO NOT TAKE HER. She made her tests incredible hard and no one finished them on time. One time she even left the class with 10 people still taking the exam and we all had to chase her up to her office to hand it in. She gets distracted easily and lectures are her reading the powerpoint... which she goes too fast on so you cant even take notes on.
By far the worst professor I've ever had. She is an extremely tough grader, and a majority of the time someone asks her a question she doesn't understand what they are trying to ask, so she goes on a slightly relevant tangent to the question but avoids answering it. Do not take her class under any circumstances.
Nancy is not very helpful. She will respond quickly but not in a manner which helps solve problems at all. Also, the software presents an issue for this course if it doesn't work.
Very responsive to emails, blackboard, and office hours. Very patient with students in class. However, is very unclear when presenting new material. Often gets lost in her own presentations and examples. Powerpoints are not very helpful. I would not take her again.
She mentions that this site has false statements the first day of class. This is not one of them. Exams are long. She can not explain anything other than her specific way. I have no idea why she wants to be a teacher. If she really enjoyed doing this job she would show it in class. If she was paid on student satisfaction she would be fired.
She cannot teach the material. Smart lady, but should not be in education. Gives students opportunities to recieve extra credit because her exams are tough and unfair -unreasonably long (75% of the students in my class did not finish the midterm or final in given time) Constantly lecturing about how she "thinks" she runs GV. Warning - GPA ruiner!
MGT 366: Tough class, tougher professor. Professor fails to understand her students - she is very knowledgeable in her field but fails to understand students. She grades tough, but if you put in the hard work it will show. Overall, I would rate this professor a 5 or 6 out of 10.
Awful teacher. I left class more confused about the topics than I was before I attended class! Lectures were confusing. She often does examples wrong and the students have to correct her several times a day. Grading was tough on homework and exams. Don't take her if you don't have to!
She will alienate you as a student, basically tell you you are stupid and you will never be able to compete with India. She is intent on making sure you know how much better India is than the U.S. She is sometimes unstable and has trouble coping with questions that are not cut and dry from the book. We live in the USA, she should live in India.
Tests are totally unfair. She is nice enough in class but her teaching methods are ludacris and the tests don't even translate what are the main points in the chapter or what is on her "Study Guides" AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!
Stay Away!!!
She is the worst prof I have had at GVSU. She doesn't know how to teach and takes forever to do anything. She has her favorites and unless you are one of them...good luck.
Terrible, one of the worst I've had at GVSU. She thinks she is doing everyone a huge favor, but that couldn't be farther from the truth!
Tough as nails grader. Your work gets her recognition. She treats you like a baby and doens't respect you. Avoid like AIDS.
Doesn't use texts! Doesn't hardly teach! U Do LOTS of presentations!
AVOID!!!! Unfair grading. Loves to rip your work apart!!!
Very Picky...Look for another teacher if possible
do whatever you can to stay out of her classes, she will put you to sleep daily
Will tell what she wants and then will tear it apart during grading, very anal!
What a flake... I could teach by reading slides too! No need to go to class.
Went to class everyday and put more work into his class than any other for the semester. Also studied a lot and still got a C.
Dr. Brewer was a horrible teacher. He just did practice problems in class. Exams were 100x more difficult than those problems. Had very low test average but did have a ~10% curve. Do not take this class with him!!!!! If anything, take it in the summer!
Dr. Brewer is a really nice guy but his tests are very challenging. Good students still may not do well. His exam averages are in the 50's most of the time and a lot of students drop his class. He does have great knowledge of the subject though.
i got an A+ in ACC 221 and it all made complete sense to me. just finished the first exam in 222 and it was probably the hardest test i have ever taken!!! i did all the online homework, went to class, and studied a ton too!!
his class was ridiculously hard and impossible.
hardest prof ever. I studied so hard and I got a 40% on the first exam, went into office hours and the man comparded accounting to golf. No matter how hard and how many times he plays golf, hell never be tiger woods...basically youre not gonnna get a hole in one!! DONT TAKE HIM YOU CAN HELP IT
A lot of people dog on Peter Brewer, but I personally had a great experience. He is somewhat of a jerk, but when you talk to him one on one he is a real nice guy. But he makes his class unbelievably hard. It always seems like you are failing the class but in the end everything works out to your favor with his huge curves
Pete Brewer expects all students to be experts of accounting. His test averages were always around 60% and he would curve, but it made you feel like you weren't learning or didn't understand anything. He tried to make himself look brilliant and would use his oral quizzes in a lecture of 300+ people to humiliate people who weren't ACC prodigies.
This guy loves himself more that life itself, loves talking about himself and likes to boast about his credentials whenever possible, exams are tough, i hate this guy, iff acc isnt your thing, DO NOT take this class
He is a nice guy, but changed his teaching style last semester different from other reviews. he does NOT do mini exams, just 3 real exams which were pretty difficult. He also cold calls and judges the quality of your answer to grade participation. NOT ideal for a WF class at 10:05 after a Thursday night. Decent guy but take someone else
P. Salzarulo is a nice guy, but that's his only redeeming quality. This dude couldn't lecture to save his life. 90% of the class material must be taught to yourself. The class is still super easy, but don't expect much help from the prof. ADV Project is an insane amount of work that is worth just enough that if you don't do it, you will fail.
Very tough course regardless who teaches it.
Professor Bailey is extremely nice, but is not the best teacher. Pop quiz on most Fridays, but they weren't too difficult. She went much faster than any other professor I have which made the material confusing. This is the first algebra class I haven't gotten an A in.
Prof Bailey is a sweet woman but online isn't her strong suit. The class often had to teach ourselves (this is trig, too). Doesn't teach very well in an online setting.
Would not recommend taking her. i took trig online w her and was lost the entire time. only does examples very fast in lecture and never explains concepts ever. when someone asks her to explain something she does it in a very confusing way and struggles sometimes. take someone else if you can
She is a nice person but she doesn't know how to teach all she does is maybe give one example on the board and then gives you a packet and expects you to be able to do it with your group and then it turns into homework on top of other homework that she gives. Class isn't super hard just frustrating since she doesn't teach very well.
There is a quiz every Friday, but those are not hard. You take the quizzes and feel confident about taking the exam, then the exam is completely different from anything you were taught. She also rarely teaches you. She wants students to teach themselves or have your table group help explain. I would never take this class with her again
She does not teach the material. Every class she assigns a packet of homework along with several problems from the book. She is available for help outside of class but that does not change the fact that she leaves the learning up to students on their own. I do not recommend taking her.
Im sitting in her class right now and I am sad. She doesn't teach at all and just throws packets at us without explanation. She gives quizzes every week, if you don't understand math DO NOT take her.
She would do a couple of examples on the board and say, "get into groups of 3 or 4" and then throws a packet in your face and expects you to know how to do it. She's very moody. One day she is the happiest woman in the world but the next it's like a Chihuahua bit her in the ass. I mostly sit and class and wonder who pissed in her Cheerios.
I would never take her again, not helpful and feels like she's judging you if you ask a question.
She is terrible. Acts like you are a burden if you don't know what you're doing already. Do NOT take her class if you can help it.
She is majorly confusing. She constantly writes down and teaches the wrong thing, and then corrects it in the end. She tend to have a bad attitude, but she can also be nice. She does do partial grading and posts hmwk probs online. But the fact that she doesn't know how to teach properly and correctly makes this class difficult.
She is a horrible teacher, with very low intercutural compentency. She is ver disrepectful when you ask her a question. Not willing to work with you, not reasonable at all. I wish I would have changed my prof. If you are not strong in math do not take her because she moves extremly fast,a section per day. the quizzes she give once a wk can screw u
This professor was probably one of the worse professors I have encountered. She doesn't talk you through how to do any of the problems you are having trouble with she will just simply write them on the board, solve them, and that's the end. She was nice and all but unless you are AMAZING teaching yourself math, I wouldn't reccomend this professor.
She's incredibly intimidating in class, and generally doesn't like explaining the material she has just gone over. The SLA student instructor was much more helpful, and I'm sure the reason why anyone in our class is passing.
DO NO TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. She teaches the bare minimum and then expects you to know how to do everything else imaginable. The one good quality she has is the fact that if you go to her office she'll pretty much give you the answers, which doesn't really aid in the learning though. super UN-hot also
Terrible! Don't take her! Very poor when explaining material.If you are unfortunate enough to already have her, follow her instructions on tests to a "T".
she is always corrected by students and makes you feel really stupid if you don't understand. when you ask a question then she hurries through it & hard to follow...if you ask someone else a question she stops teaching and says "what's your question&
Teacher has a voice that can irritate you after a while
Favored women students when it came to grading tests and quizes
Nice person but goes to fast and doesn't always explain things well. I was lost.
thumbs down
didn't get along with her, bad prof.
Makes you feel like an idiot - quizzes are killer - I dropped the class
I tried my hardest, and she still failed me. Annoying overall.
Doesn't give clear explanations - students corrected her in class quite often -
I liked math before coming to this class. Helpful, but quizzes & tests are hard
Loud and Obnoxous. Terrible dresser. anoying but effective teacher.
she was ok, but didn't click with the book or class of 122...avoid the course.
Not worth the trouble if you just fullfilling a Gen ED.,
Arrogant, unapproachable, embarassing, condescending, overall poor.
If you can get past his arrogance, you might learn something.
Good guy but doesn't know how to lecture at all. Stuff was very unclear
This professor should be fired. She shows so much favoritism it's wrong. She's hung up on all the small details and was 5 weeks behind for path.
Terry on the outside seems like a helpfull person, but do not trust her. She will stab you in the back faster than a NY minute. She is a power ****, and not a happy person.
he is very intelligent, but is arrogant about it. Talks to you in a you're such an idiot tone when answering your question.
Very hard tests, hard to understand,and wears annoyingly tight jeans
Gives 12 pop quizzes, but drops your 2 lowest grades. She may sometimes collect the homework, chooses 5 random questions and counts it as a quiz grade. She makes it really hard because she teaches differently then what the book says sometimes...dont recommend her..
Worst professor I have ever had. Made it almost impossible to ask questions and was no help when you did. This is college, not high school, if she wants to treat adults like children she she should have stuck to teaching high school math. She was extremely condescending to students.
Mrs. Fackler was a decent teacher, but she wasn't really a nice person. She acts like she is, but she calls people stupid in front of the class. She just doesn't have the patients for people who need to ask questions in class. She's really just kind of rude.
Professor Fackler is a very nice lady but if you have trouble with math...I would not recommend her...She goes very fast and does not spend a lot of time on any one certain problem...The exams are also difficult
Try to take anyone else. The material isn't too hard, but she makes it harder. Not a very nice lady. She plays favorites so if you have to tak eher, don't get on her bad side!
wouldent throw her out of bed ill pass the ass for a passing class
.
This class included a great deal of homework problems each week, that was very lightly explained in class. For the easiest math course available the professor needs to understand the students in her class are usually struggling in math and they need a more motivated professor to teach than normal. Which this professor was not. Homework and testing.
The tests are nothing like the homework she gives and are much harder. I have never been below a B in a math class before and now am getting a D-. She is a very hard grader and will look into the 100th of a decimal for correctness. Also if you don't put, for example, cosx.143 but you put cos.143 you will be wrong. No leeway not extra credit.
her voice makes me wanna rip my hair out
moves too fast,gives hw w/o explaining, tells what will be on test
Very annoying voice. doesnt answer questions well. HARD!!
horrible prof, annoying voice, can't answer a question straight, don't take her!
She picks favorites and is very difficult because she is pickier than picky.
He spend most of the class telling stories barely related the the course description. It felt like he did not prepare for any classes. He was very disorganized and bad at using Blackboard.
His class lectures were horribly boring, and he spent most of the time telling stories which were not relevant. I emailed the professor three times throughout the semester with questions and never received a response. His experience is 30+ years old. I've since completely changed my schedule to make sure I'll never take a class with him again.
Well, I'm really not sure why he teaches lib or what the point of that course is...but I still got an A. Really nice guy, and super easy class.
Very unclear assignments and grade criteria. Good on the first half of the semester but learned nothing on the second half of the semester.
Does nothing but tell jokes and laugh at himself. Totally pointless class. Unclear on what he wants on assignments. Wouldn't take again unless he was the only choice.
Very unclear about what he wants on assignments. Tests are very subjective.
Lectures lack everything. This teacher fits perfectly in GVSU CS/IS dept.
taught me nothing the whole semester.
Insane grading policy, projects extremely unclear. Laughs at own jokes too much.
All he ever did was lecture, and he talks so fast that you're hand hurts within minutes from trying to keep up in notes. There are no outlines, and he skips around a lot depending on his mood. He was very pompous. There is a huge research paper that he gives only vague guidelines on. On the other hand, he gives good study guides for exams.
AWFUL prof. Never in his office hours. Called me by the name of the girl sitting next to me ALL YEAR. Arrogant, complete jerk, never wants to help when you're struggling. Gives you good study guides though - study them well. Also has some funny quotes.
Self-centered: refused to admit his Greek mythology was off, tells you to write only what "is important" (on the test), isn't in his office, expects you to foresee what he wants in an essay (religion, acceptance of societal roles, feminism) without giving you a topic! & drones on about Sappho and obscure AA women. Not even hot. A joke.
He is fairly smart but more arrogant! He asks questions & says "Think, think, think" or "I'm getting blank stares" until people answer, then ignores what they said and gives his bulleted lists that are often repeats. We spent five weeks on Egypt, ch.1. Paper topics are moronic & he wants an echo of his feminism. Easy B if you can stand him.
Repeats himself a lot - won't acknowledge any opinions other than his own
constantly changing what is mandatory for the assignments and what is good or bad for the assignment. On the same paper took off points for certain thing and later in paper wrote "great".
She is so disorganized. Literally modified the syllabus 5-6 times throughout the year.
Knowledgable, but rather disorganized. Vague assignments that were graded very hard considering.
A lot of writing involved for a 200 level class. Harsh grading.
needs more explanation
Horrible grader. Has guidelines for a paper, but even if they are fullfilled, she docks points for some random part that she expected but never told anyone. AVOID!!!
grades VERY harshly
HORRIBLE!!! Do not take her!!!..
Not the most organized, but knows her stuff. Needs some time to perfect lessons.
skips around too much, and confuses what she's already taught between sections
Don't take her!!! unless you want to fail
nice lady but is a tough grader, expects a lot for a gen ed
When giving notes, she is very unclear and expects you to write really fast!
SWS credit should be given for this class - WAY too much writing - hard grader
Dr. Anton is your typical professor with tenure. His entire life has been concentrated on his work, research and interest in particular topics. His wife is also a professor. They have no children. Anton has a difficult time relating to students who have full-time jobs, families, etc. He has lost touch with the classroom.
Anton's teaching style is just too out there to be useful for anything in real life. We read a ton (well..."read") of stories with no particular meaning to anything you'll ever apply to any job... Not sure why this should be required, just too out there and -nothing- to do with my major, advertising.
The majority of your grade was based off the exams taken after few chapters. All information was expected to be learned just through all her powerpoints. We had participation activities, but most of the time they didn't help with understanding. She just talked off the slides. I had to get a tutor to help but even with that the exams were brutal.
Lectures not engaging, often she over confused content that was 100x easier to understand from a tutor. Exams are online but so much harder than what we learnt in lecture. Often most the class failed on the same areas in the exam due to what we were taught. Not flexible, if you forget to enter a code you lose all the points from the work you did!
Professor Zeman is incredibly nice, it's just hard to learn much when everything (homework, ebook, exams, final) is online. You'd think that'd make her class easier, but she goes through material in lecture very fast and nobody really asks any questions. I'm not a bio major so I struggled, but a lot of people did great I'm sure.
Just read through slides while you take notes. Test were hard, assignments were easy and quick. No late credit. Responds to emails quick and easily assessable
She just reads through a powerpoint the entire lecture while you take some notes here and there. Was not engaging whatsoever. She makes the course way more difficult than it should be. Also, the exams are rather hard and often go over things that were not really emphasized in class. Wasnt terrible, but there are way better professors out there
This class was really hard for an intro class. She lectures very heavily. She was very easy to access for office hours. Attendance was mandatory and you miss the in class questions if you do not come to class.
I felt that she made this introductory class more difficult and serious than it needed to be. I did not feel supported at any point during the class and strongly disagreed with her teaching style.
Had her for BIO328, didn't do too bad grade wise but she was a difficult grader and the class was way more difficult than it should've been compared to other professors teaching the class. If you take her email her before work is due to check your work
Explains labs very poorly. If you ask her to look at your lab report she says it looks "perfect" but then once you turn in it she will knock off points for things you are missing. She refused to give feedback on my lab partner's report. Very unclear on what she expects throughout lab. Everyone is so lost in this class. She's a nice person though.
Tough class and not many assignments so don't screw anything up!
She is not willing to discuss any matter and doesn't go as in depth as she expects on her exams
Here is your typical college prof. She reads directly off of her power-point slides and never gives you time to write down notes. You have to pay attention the whole class or else you'll miss something for sure. If you ask questions, her answers aren't usually well received with the class. Bring a dictionary as well, you're going to need it.
Prof. Zeman is helpful sometimes, but sometimes not at all. She's great when speaking to the whole class, but when speaking to a single group table, it feels as though she doesn't like you. Her pre-labs are incredibly difficult, and her quizzes sometimes include topics that weren't gone over. She's okay, but I wouldn't take her class again.
She makes you pay for extra credit, is rude and doesn't care at all if you pass or fail. She acts like class is a burden for her when its her job. The pop quizzes screwed you at the end of the semester if you didn't get them right 90% of the time. Exams were all over the place. I would not take again.
She was very knowledgable about the information on the lecture slides. She moves at a fast pace, which can be difficult to follow. I recommend recording the lecture while taking notes, just to be sure you don't miss any information. It's a lot of work and you need to understand every piece of information given.
There are no exams which seemed nice but there are three big open note quizzes instead that are extremely specific or about things we never learned. She explains things to make it seem easy then the quizzes are super hard. Also the final is a group project and she is very unorganized about it and no one really knew what we were supposed to do.
No matter whether it's an assignment or final project, instructions are never clear and difficult to understand
Do not take this professor! She makes you feel stupid if you ask questions in class and also literally just asks you to look in your notes if you go to office hours or email her. She made a girl cry during office hours in front of me. She is rude and the tests are so hard!
She is very hard. her powerpoints have no info on them but instead you need to learn solely on what she says in class.
do not take if you think this is just a 100 level gen ed because she treats it as if its a 400 level class. it's terrible, i hated it. don't take her. avoid at all costs
She is an overall stubborn person when you ask about test questions. Most of the time her questions don't make sense. Also, she puts questions on the exams that she didn't go over in class, and also from videos that you watch and are expected to remember weeks later.
Professor Zeman was one of the hardest classes I've taken. I had her for lab, and the lab projects we had to do took weeks, and in the end very much determined my grade in her class. There was no lab practical, but would have rather had a practical than her library assignment any day. Very unclear, and even less understanding.
She gives a lot of detail during her presentations. The class felt more like a 300 level class than a 100 level class. She is very intimidating and hard to approach. Her lectures are confusing and if you don't take notes you will not do well in her class. Her grading is extremely detail oriented and you must attend her office hours if you need help
Hard class, but I did well until the final. If you work hard you will do alright... for most of the semester. I don't know of anyone who passed their final. She will help if you go to her office hours.
Professor Zeman, although a very friendly person overall, was a pretty rough professor. She will assign these activities on Blackboard and not include any directions as to what you're supposed to do with it. She answered questions willingly, but to be honest, understanding her concepts without prior knowledge would be difficult.
If you have never taken a Biology course before, this professor is crazy tough. Expect to study long hard hours. Everything you need to know is in the lectures, you just have to attend every day. She does not like when you ask questions and is not willing to help very often. If you are not a Bio Major, stay away!
She is the worst professor I've ever had. She expects her students to know what she's talking about and she talks to quickly that it's difficult to keep up. She doesn't take attendance but it's helpful because she uses PowerPoints that you take notes on. If you have her, switch out. She is not a good teacher whatsoever.
Prof knows what she is talking about, but she only goes off her power point slides. Book isn't really needed. No matter how much you study it didn't seen to help; the exams were really tough. Not a blow off class you really have to work hard in here!
Nice lady but not such a great professor. She grades the notebooks ridiculously hard without giving much guidance as to what she wants! Not very good at explaining concepts and the lab itself doesn't really help in understanding the lecture material since it barely correlates with it. She will help if you ask questions though.
Trying to take notes is terrible. There's no guideline and you never know what to study for the test. To her, everyone getting a C on her exams means she needs to make them way harder. I went to class, did all the work, studied, still a bad grade. PICK ANY PROF BUT HER
Zeman while knowledgeable, is full of herself! She covers a lot in lecture and I felt confident walking in for her final exam. Of my study group, I was the one who knew almost every answer when we quizzed each other. I studied day and night for this class, and got a B-!There goes my 3.89 GPA! Profs who deliberately try to trick people on exams suck
She is ridiculous.....avoid this teacher....its tough to do well in her class.... doesn't matter how well you know the information, you will still do poorly on exams....
Ok, her class isn't impossible, but if you wish to do well in her class, you HAVE to go to her lectures prepared to take GOOD notes with all the details. For her exams, it doesnt test if you know the information, it tests if you know it WELL. She likes to trick you on exams. However, she does know what shes talking about. But you wont like her
Ok, her class isn't impossible, but if you wish to do well in her class, you HAVE to go to her lectures prepared to take GOOD notes with all the details. For her exams, it doesnt test if you know the information, it tests if you know it WELL. She likes to trick you on exams. However, she does know what shes talking about. But you wont like her
She's not a bad professor, but is very bleak and critical. Her lectures are a series of "If you do this wrong you will get incorrect results and lose X points." This is a terrible way to run a lab. Her grading scale has a total of 30-50 points for an entire semester, mistakes hurt.
I hated this class, she makes you dread asking a question, because she makes you feel stupid. She will embarass you in front of class for not knowing an answer. Very tough class I had a an A in lecture, yet almost fail LAB, DO NOT TAKE HER!!!!!, she will make hate biology.
Wow, not a fun teacher. Very tough grader. Make sure you take everything to her first to "check it over" if you want to get full credit. Don't forget to include data, data, data!
For a person that is so particular about the English language, she should learn to pronounce chromosome and enzyme the corret way. If you have her as your professor you will notice that that she says ChromoSONE and EMzyme. This drove me nuts! This professor was very bad at answering my questions as she did not take the time to liesten to them.
HARD GRADER, even if you get the right answer she still might not like it. Did I mention she was a hrad grader?
She is horrible. She wants you to think you can go to her for help but she rips you a new one if you do ask her. She is very sneaky with her quizzes too. She pays close attention to every little detail you do, and picks favorites. If you have her, SWITCH!
I ran into ONE person who thought she was ok. That person was WRONG. There is very little room for error here. Didn't give the class a full breakdown of exactly how your graded until shortly before the end (too much room for grade abuse). VERY UPTIGHT PRO
Hard class. Very picky teacker... Sometimes snaps at you if you ask a question. You have to use the utmost details for every answer... ANtd the graphs are hopeless. oh she is happy with upholding the school 75% Bio 120 standard for grades.
This is the most picky prof. ever!!! Nothing you do is ever right! Sometimes isn't clear about what she wants and when you ask her about it, you get scolded b/c you "didn't listen". Do NOT take her!!!
ridiculously picky on your answers, you must write absolutely everything pertaining to the question she asked or lose points. Also, not clear on expectations.
Definately not a prof you want for an 8 am lab class. Makes material more confusing than anything, not very well at explaining things. Difficult to communicate with if you are having a problem.
switch now, switch now!!! She is really hard... its almost like she wants you to fail...
dosn't explain things real well
a definite i hate my life (and wear awful sweaters) so i must make yours hell, too kind of a lady. very unclear in her directions for labs, unGodly picky and fickle about your lab results. very rude to students! not nice! do NOT take!
ARE YOU KIDDING? That was a bio 103 class on a genetics 355 class. I could not believe how difficult she was, and how much enjoyment you got out of makeing herself look smart. Pray you dont get her for lab i have a B+ in lecture and I got a D+ in lab.
DO NOT TAKE THIS LADY IF YOU WANT TO DO WELL!! She belittles students and is very rude. She's somewhat helpful but rude when doing so. I would drop her and not take Simon either because that's her sister and they are both evil!
Not helpful; can be mean at times
Tough grader on unimportant things- actual knowledge is irrelevant.
Zeman...will make you go home and cry to your mommy...I have already...
very hard and not always helpful
Not that hard...only bio class I ever had and I got 103% in her lab..she is mean
outright mean and sarcastic
first day of class and she's already scaring me. get someone else for lab
Get out while you can!
Only excused from class for your own funeral, which would be a better fate
She is very intimidating. She knows how to himiliate students! Don't get her!
mean
she is horrible, Ishe grades by the devil, she is a bad teacher DO NOT GET HER
seems unapproachable, very tough. take only if you r very serious about biology
She is a grade wrecker. Didnt think anyone could teach that bad!
Nice if you suck up. Hard tests. Doesn't give an inch. Annoying voice.
Doesn't explain labs well and expects you to know things without learning them.
gets upset real easy, sometimes avoids answering questions, not sure whether he knows what he is teaching.
very large emphasis on computer use. exams include using "MAPLE". uses many examples, but simplest of examples only. does well to help those who don't have a clue, but if you understand mostly and ask for clarification, he doesn't answer. good if you don't have a clue, but other than that, it's mostly "look what MAPLE can do".
Took a special topics course on wavelets, thought it would be interesting, turned out to be awful... :(
OMG! TOTALLY IMPOSSIBLE! This class was supposed to be easy (or so I was told) but he makes it hard! If you have to take this class AVOID HIM! If you have him for anything else I guess he'd be ok.
He makes you feel like an IDIOT if you don't understand something right away. He's funny, but he doesn't explain things very well, if you can, get a different Professor for Calculus.
Very intimidating teacher. He makes you feel like an idiot if you don't understand the material.
This class can be taught well, just not by "Boof"
Grading is absolutely brutal. You can study so much and know exactly what you're doing and then still fail an assignment due to the wording of her questions and she will mark you down for the worst reasons. I got marked off because I wrote a genotype twice, due to dyslexia, and still included the other correct answers and still didn't receive cred
Shes a nice lady but her time teaching is coming to an end. All quizzes/tests were open note but she accused individuals of cheating and wouldnt address it with these students individually. She was also very passive aggressive which caused lots of unneeded stress. Some quiz/exam questions were tricky, I would have failed if I took this in person.
She is very condescending when it comes to emails. Expects a lot from you and will not take suggestions to help better her class. She always has an excuse. Exams are short answer/matching/written. Complains when students misinterpret her expectations. Overall bad experience. Sad because I do love genetics.
Dont take her. Exam and quiz questions are insanely vague. She doesnt give very good feedback. If you write something a certain way and she doesnt like it, its wrong. Even if you were correct but she doesnt like the way you did it. Wrong. Goes off on a lot of side stories too. Maybe Im biased but that annoyed me.
I had to drop the class when I have gotten high grades in classes with way harder material. It is impossible to get high grades on her quizzes and exams even when you memorize her slides, because she puts completely different material on her quizzes and exams. Your grade in this class will not reflect your full potential as a student.
PMat loves to share stories in classso only got through about 6 slides per class because of her stories which resulted in her skipping multiple packets and having us teach them to ourselves. Not many easy point opportunities so get ready to study and test/quizzes are not straight forward at all, recommend taking at CMU for transfer credit!
Matthews is extremely knowledgable about genetics, however her exams and quizzes are EXTREMELY VAGUE and she does not give partial credit on anything. Even though she is available for out of class help, she made me feel stupid and like I didn't pay attention in class.
The class is all papers, participation, and 1 presentation project. Her grading criteria is so vague its hard to write a paper for her. I feel like she has a specific writing style and opinion and if you don't match it she marks you down. She's very smart in discussion, but not the most helpful when it comes to the papers.
DO NOT TAKE. I read all of the comments before taking this class and figured I could do it. I have never done bad in a class, but this one was too much. Ended up dropping it. Went to her office for help, didn't do anything besides tell me to review what we were going over in lecture. All she grades are quizzes and tests- which she makes impossible.
This class is the hardest i've taken. The professor is very sweet and easy to understand, however, the exams and quizzes are extremely difficult. You need to study for the weekly quizzes the same amount you would for an exam. And the exams you need at least two weeks to study for. All fill in the blank and a few hard multiple choices.
PMat is a super nice lady! That's all she gets though. In semesters past, she was a wonderful professor albeit hard. This was not the case this semester. Probably 60% of the class has lower than a C. She doesn't know what she's doing wrong though, so there's no change in teaching style. I'm an A student and I'm going to be happy if I can pull a C.
You never know what she's asking for on tests and exams. I would have gotten an A if it weren't for her terrible communication skills. She also gave us all break to do homework then changed the directions the day before it was due so we all had to redo it.
This teacher is very nice, but she is not clear at all what she wants on her exams or quizzes. She probably knows genetics very well and seems to teach it well, however, on the quizzes and exams the questions do not reflect what she covered in class. Furthermore, the textbook is overly simplistic and full of errors
PMat is a nice lady but that's as far as I would go. I seriously studied so hard and yet would never get higher than a B. She always asks if there are questions but then gets frustrated when you don't understand. Her questions are often unclear. She has been teaching this too long and seems bored. I would get out if I were you!
Talks about herself like she's too big for her britches. Claims to be a know-it-all, but really doesn't know that much and says things that aren't true. Doesn't know how to properly use commas and marks you down for using them properly. I expected better from an SWS prof. Aside from that, class isn't too bad. Don't bother buying the books.
take the class that grcc offers, it will transfer. don't take this class if you need a grade point to get into the nursing program. we could have learned alot in this class but we were too stressed just trying to pass the class. test questions are VERY tricky, 300 level class but teaches at a grad student level. don't take this class
Please, please, please, please stay away from this professor if you value our grade. Yes, it's a 300 level class, but she treats it like a graduate-level class. Her quizzes and exams were unreasonably hard, and it seems she would rather trick you than teach you. I put a lot of effort into this class, but I still failed. So much for my 4.0.
I was hoping Biomedical Ethics would be more interesting, but this class put me to sleep. The class is strictly graded on writing assignments and class participation. She repeats her personal stories all the time and the discussions get repetitive and boring. Plus side is that you get to read a good novel and save money on textbooks.
its a 300 level class but she teaches it like it is a grad-level. Be ready to have to know everything...She is interesting to listen to, but she doesn't give very many examples and she assumes quite a bit. She says she is willing to give points back on homework...GOOD LUCK!
Shes a good teacher and very knowledgeable on her subjects, I had her for genetics, and struggled somewhat, as you really have to right down the majority of what comes out of her mouth in lecture, overall thought shes a worthwhile teacher
She trys to trick you on the tests, shes not clear at all. I studied my butt off and still diddnt do as good. She is not helpful at all. I would recommed another teacher.
I disagree that she is straightforward! I attended all but one class and studied a lot, but still ended up doing bad. Her quizzes and exams are much more specific than her class notes. Be warned - your GPA will go down if you take this class!
She just goes through the motions. Tests consist of open format which you will hardly ever practice in class, and a bunch of multiple choice wordgames. Almost every question is a trick in one way or another. Still tho, there isn't much material so it's not too hard, and she's fairly nice.
Prof.'s lectures are simply coping notes from overhead. Claims that tests and quizzes come straight from them, but really don't. Made BIO a lot harder than it really is, and was hard to bring up grade because of the grading system. Lectures are just very boring, and make you want to not go.
her lectures are very interesting, but tests are out of control. The class was a lot harder than you expect it to be. Even if you THINK you know the material, you will still probably do bad on the tests. If you are usually an A or B student, expect a C in the class.
First paper class average was a 3.3 out of 10. Don't take her. Terrible teacher knows little or no more than students.
She is a very nice lady and cracks jokes in class. Although her way of teaching was hard to understand. She says to only study the notes for tests, but you must to be able to apply what you learn because there are questions on the tests that aren't from the notes.
I did not like this class. I thought I understood it but did very bad on tests and quizzes, they are really hard. If you don't have the time to spend studying a ton then don't take her.
Did not learn a thing in this class, but since I was on her good side I did well. If you make her think you are a 4.0 student she will give you an A.
Her tests are VERY hard. Some things will be stressed in class and then never seen on tests or quizzes. Don't sit near anyone or make friends in class because she will make the accusations that you are "sharing" information.
If you dont understand biology, don't expect this woman to change that.
BORING!!! She attempts tor elate though, I guess thats a plus, but so annoying.
make sure you stay on her good stay
"i'm always right" complex, won't admit not knowing something, obscure exm ?'s
Nice professor, but very monotone. Going to class is mainly a waste of time, but he would sometimes play a video and have questions about it on the exams. He doesn't do PowerPoints, so you need to pay attention if you want to take notes. I recommend focusing on your textbook if you want to pass.
Easily the worst professor in the Psychology Department that I have seen. His lectures are less than worthless; he writes little to nothing on the board, does not ask the class questions, and rambles on for the 50 minutes of class. His tests are based 90% off of the textbook, and the test questions are tiny insignificant details from the textbook.
Professor Paszek is very monotone and does not try make lecture interesting. The material in this class is very interesting but he made me not want to study it. Just make sure you do all the readings since that is 95% of what he puts on exams. Test almost every 2-3 weeks and papers due the other weeks. EC at the end where he can bump your grade.
Paszek was a nice guy, but his lectures were terrible! Very boring, I had this as my first class of the day and it was not a good start to it. You must read the book if you want to pass the class because he does not cover everything in lecture like he says he does. Tests are also confusing. The written papers he grades fairly easy.
He lectures from minute 1 until the end of class. No class involvement. So not a riveting professor. Take notes, COME TO CLASS. He has exams every other week which are not cumulative which I definitely liked. Good notes, get the general idea of the chapters, and put the study time in, you'll be fine. Doesn't use BB, no study outlines
I learned after the first test that he uses difficult language on the tests. I understood everything from class and the reading, but when I got to the test the vocabulary he used was not similar to what I had studied for. There are no assignments, just tests. Make sure you read and take really good notes. He will go over tests with you, if asked.
He is very knowledgeable and helps you understand things from the text in lecture. Communication outside of class is non-existent and you are on your own besides what is in the syllabus. No study guides of any sort which make tests very hard to prepare for. He didn't mention 10 page essay for 1/7 of our grade in class until a week before it was due
Most boring lecture I've ever sat through. I did not understand what material he wanted us to memorize for tests.
Very nice guy. His lectures are extremely boring. There are four tests and a paper so if you are a good test taker, then this is the class for you. It was hard for me to figure out what material he wanted for the tests
Horrible professor, takes class time to tell us whats in the book. You need to read the book in order to pass the class, because the whole test is based on the book. Very monotone and boring but cocky at the same time. Take someone else if you can
A lot of people do not like him because he does not lecture on everything that is on the test; YOU MUST READ THE TEXTBOOK! If you read the textbook and take notes in class because sometimes he will lecture on things not in the book then you will be fine. It really is not that hard and he is a very corky guy -- makes you laugh.
Big disappointment. I was really looking forward to this class and it was just terrible. Not at all engaging. Have to read the book or you will fail. He goes over very minimum info that will be on the test and class seemed like a waste of time bc it was all in the book. Tests are hard. I'm an a sometimes b student and i'll be lucky to pull a C :-(
Awful teacher. He took class time to tell us what was in the book. I can read thank you.
This professor is HORRIBLE! He only teaches a fraction of what is actually in the book, or even on the tests. As a future teacher, he taught me how to NOT teach. The material is interesting, but he is incredibly boring, and only teaches a small amount. I was really disappointed with this class.
This Prof was horribly boring. During lecture he never had a complete thought. Monotone voice...zzzzzzzzzzzzz. Read the book! The tests are based on the text his lecture is useless. Your grade is based on only 4 exams and 1 paper (no study guides) I would not suggest this prof. I have heard this class is easy if an alternative prof. Good Luck
The class had potential to be fun, but he was not exciting or interesting at all.
He hardly covers anything in class, and talks about nothing and always carries class over. I would try to avoid him, tests are impossible. Not a very exciting prof.
Hard tests. You have to read becuase he doesn't cover much in class. Lecture is easy to understand, but not a lot is covered because he spends so much time on each topic. Paper is really easy. Nice guy.
BORING! his lectures were so boring, i learned nothing, tests were hard, gave no direction as to how to study, sat in the back of the class and made fun of his wardrobe.
AH!!! Just Run. No study guides, no help. Required to read entire book. Test questions are 'theory' questions, if child does this, what does it mean when the mother says this. Impossible. Need C for elem. Ed. and it was nearly impossible even w/guide.
Don't need to come to class, just read the book. Can't stand going to class, not a good public speaker. Tries to be funny, though.
watch out for the project! doesn't really explain what he wants
BORING lecture, pointless b/c not much ends up on exam, random questions = hard
there is no direction in the class, and if there was you'd sleep through it,ahhh
Boring class. I skip more than I go. Just read and you'll be fine
I found the class to be really laid back, and the subjects we disscussed were very interesting. But there are only 4 exams, and attendence counts toward your grade. If you aren't a good test taker like me, I wouldn't recommend this course. The teacher is kind of funny and really chill, but I never felt like I could come to him with any questions.
Professor is great. The whole class is structured around 4 tests that make up your overall grade. I think this is a very poor way to structure a class, but if you are just looking for a class to fulfill the stupid gen ed requirements then this is probably a good choice.
Dr. Ledrick does not present the material in a clear, concise manner. Lectures are scattered, making it very difficult to understand the material. Power points are bounced back and forth. No extra credit offered (level playing field according to syllabus), I would not recommend this professor. Very difficult to succeed.
Skims powerpoint, jumps from topic to topic, never clear, expects you to know it all on the exam, feels like a waste of time sitting in lecture but you get points for attendance. I was interested in patho before taking the class, now I have no interest.
You think the test is going to be easy but its not! he only grades on the four exam which aren't that easy! I did the study guides before the exams and they didnt help me at all! I wouldn't recommend him!
His class is fairly easy to do well in but is excruciatingly boring. He doesn't really seem qualified to be a professor either.
Horrible teacher. One of the worst ones I have ever had, doesn't really teach anything. If you have to take this class I suggest that you find another professor.
He was a terrible teacher. He explained things in a very complicated way. I failed the first test but got B's on the rest. USE THE DISC that comes with your bio 120 book. His tests and quizzes are taken from there. This was the only thing that saved me
I am NOT a science person at all so this genetics class was just very hard for me...he tries to help you in office hours...his analagies he uses in class are so outdated-he doesnt make sense I suggest you go into O.H....this is where he learns your name!!
Talks incredibly fast and skips around A lot. His lectures are very boring and he has very sloppy writing and drawings. His tests were very very hard. He is a nice guy.
AWFUL Prof. He skips around way too much, going from topic to topic, and you never have enough time to write his notes down. The only way you can pass the class is if you study 8 hours a day! I changed my mind about majoring in Biology because of him:S
Makes you feel stupid at times if you do not understand. Tests are very hard, you WILL fail if you do not study excessivly.
He's a pretty good teacher. GIVES QUIZZES ALL THE TIME! Better show up or you will miss a quiz. If you even half pay attention to lectures then you will do fine on exams and quizes... just try and stay with his crazy thought jumping skills.
very hard... get out while you can!
Dosn't make subject very interesing, but not hard if you study.
i liked the class but hated the prof. i will be taking it again
J Ledrick is a peach compared to Milt Ford
Very unorganized. Jumps all over the place in lecture. Exams impossible.
Lectures-very unorganized.Tests-impossible to predict.Teaches interesting facts
The test are crazy, there is no way to know what will be on them.
Very Bias on some things. Can't produce research to back up "facts"
lectures ae useless. Treats students like children. impossible exams.
Test are impossible to pass. Does not prepare or explain well enough.
Tests are difficult, and doesn't understand things from a student stand point.
good if you have the old tests, not very clear on what will be on exam
Griggs does not take his job as a professor seriously. It's all just a joke to him, he does not seem to care that much for his students. That being said, this guy is completely HILARIOUS. I was never bored during class. His lectures could be followed but were never really clear. Tests were ridiculous too with enormous curves. I think he is retiring
The guy does a good job teaching to make you feel you understand the material, until you take his test. He changes his terminology and introduces problems that require a different computational process that he didn't teach. Everyone I have talked to says FIN320 is easy, none of them have Griggs. Dont put yourself through the misery!
He is tough. Looks like Gary Busey and is just about as entertaining. Very funny and wants everyone to learn. However, the way he teaches is makes it harder than it needs to be.
DO NOT take this guy. studied forever for all his tests and felt confident going into tests, but then there's brand new material on every test that he never even mentions prior to it. I'd heard he was bad before I took it but figured I'd be ok, definitely wrong. change your schedule if you have to to fit it in at another time just don't take him
this class is IMPOSSIBLE to get a good grade in. The tests are extremely hard, and from the 40 people that started in the class, there were only about 10 left after the 1st exam. He tells you that you need to study harder, but I studied for hours and still couldn't get a passing grade on the exams! I would take another prof if at all possible!!!!
Very nice guy, but very hard class. The class doesn't correlate to the tests at all. There are extremely hard tests with tricky questions and not nearly enough time. Very hard to get a good grade.
Dont know what these people are smoking. this guys the biggest jerk ive ever met. his tests do not correlate at all with what he tells you in class. he doesnt give you an ounce of leeway and hes just plain scary to be around. stay away from this guy, his stupid french hats, his plaid shirt, and his class if you know whats good for you.
The final exam is cumulative and worth 40 percent of your total grade. I studied for 20 hours and still failed it.
Griggs is very difficult. He is a nice guy but makes the class harder than it should be. His M/C questions, as stated before on here, are very hard. There is no real good way to study for the exams. The final is 40% and is very very hard. Good luck
I agree, get ready to teach yourself. He dosnt do helpful examples that you need to do the homework after class. If you ask him about a problem he dosnt fully explain it. Not availale for office hours, and they probably wouldnt be helpful anyways. If you need help go to the fin. tutor at downtown campus.
This is by far the worst professor I have ever had. his multiple choice are ridiculous. theyre definitely multiple guess. He doesn't teach concepts good just the math problems and then expects you to just know the concepts. This guy wants you to fail. Some teachers seem like they want you to do good but this guy is out to get you. Don't take HIM
Frank is a funny guy!!! Wore kilt on St Patrics day. Tests are very hard especially stupid multiple choice questions. Who gives seven choices on a multiple choice question? I think it is way over the board!!!! You would have to study very hard to do fine only because of those stupid multiple choice questions!!!
Griggs is a nice guy and people who are into finance should do well. The problem is his tests, they are nearly impossible. I was not doing well in the course in the beginning and instead of offering to help, he told me to drop the course!not professional
Like everyone has said, his mc questions are hard. I could take an exam, and since mc's are weighted as much as problems, id bomb the test but miss 5 mcs and one problem. His lectures are great and he's funny, but he doesnt respond to email. Dont take
To busy to help during office hours! Tests are very hard, worst proff. I've had.
Book was a joke, Final was a joke- 20 pages long! Says enough about him right t
It depends on personality type if you will like this professor. My class is a bunch of introverts, and she expects all of us to be awake and bubbly like her at 9am, and criticizes us every class period for not talking. Also, it didn't matter how long I spend on assignments, the grade is always a B. Make sure to do well on tests if you want an A!
I didn't have an issue with this class. We created a marketing plan and that was pretty much the entire class work load. She also had to turn it in and then get a grade, and then make revisions. The funny thing was, you would turn it in, she'd give you a D, then go make "revisions" (print the same thing) and your grade is a B (with no changes)
At first I thought she was cool but as the semester progressed it was obvious she didn't really know what she was talking about. Often disagreed with the class. Has to have everything her way. More of a mind-reading class than a marketing class.
Don't get on her bad side, it will affect your grade. Project is not based on real-world MKTing plan. Don't try to use professional MKT software, it is not what she wants. Take someone else. Nice lady but way out there.
This lady is waaaay out there. Strangest prof ever. Def has her favorites. Not helpful with tests at all, barely even lets you know the day before that you have one. Project sounds hard but it's actually easier than you would think. Just make it interest
You will either hate her or love her. A pretty tough class. Be prepared to make a 40 to 65 page document for the research project.
This class sucks! I would never recommend this Prof. She teaches her students like they are in Kindergarten. Tests are impossible  better answer the questions the way she wants them or they are wrong.
tries to help but doesn't understand the question, seems to get upset when you don't understand, questions on tests are unclear (asks general questions but wants specific answers)
Tests are hard, Terrible grader, doesn't listen, dont recommend her!
You'll do good on the last proj. if she likes you, if not, you're screwed
Very happy,but boring.Class is snore city.Tests R hard since they R her opinion.
If you wish to learn the subject of Management then do no take this course with Professor Hodge. It's a painful class to sit through and all he does is bash the book and the author. You will learn Professor Hodge's version of Management and nothing else. However as long as you attend class and write down what he says you should get an easy A.
The 331 6-9 never went the full time, all the grade comes down to is, three exams and one 12 page paper, wants to help students however can become very annoying with his repetitive statements and confusing lecturing.
Hodge is a very interesting man. He is kind of funny but his lectures are boring. He is very specific about what he wants for your test which is nice but when it came to my SWS paper it had to be exactly how he wanted it which was frustrating. If you don't care about actually learning, then take him.
SERIOUSLY. DON'T TAKE HODGE. Or, take him, if you want to hear the same stupid stories, "witticisms," and phrases LITERALLY EVERY CLASS. "Please!" x24. "Am I making sense?" x6. "Are you hearing me man?" x4. "I'm serious!" x12 You will hear these phrases on repeat until you are so sick of hearing the man talk that you knock yourself unconcious.
Hodge is an interesting guy. He says "i hope you hear me" and "i'm very serious" a ton and attendance is mandatory so he'll walk around with a sign in sheet. The exams aren't too bad and he'll tell you exactly what's on there as long as you go to class. The research paper is a bit tougher but he lets you re-do it. Just participate and you'll do Ok
Hodge is a good guy. Need to know a lot of specifics for the exams (all written). Go to class, say hi to him, talk every once and a while. TAKE NOTES. He tells you whats on the exams. Tough grader on the research paper (have a chance to re-do it). Don't take certain comments too personal. Overall he's entertaining in class, just expects a lot.
Hodge grades almost entirely on how much he likes you... make a good impression quickly and participate and you'll be fine. Don't ever argue anything he says and realize he's going to contradict other professors often.
Just listening to him speak will make you want to lose your mind. He plays favorites like nothing I have ever seen. Will ask you to participate in class but wont let you talk because he enjoys listening to himself speak the entire time!
After reading several comments from others that have had to endure "Little Richard", I understand your pain. I took a course from him back in the fall of 2000 and apparently he still handles the classroom exactly the same way. 3 essay tests and a final paper, no less than 12 pages. He did not like me. Ended up getting a C. My lowest grade ever. He
If he likes you, then you will get a good grade. Just show up and read the chapters and take really good notes and participate and you will do fine. Don't learn much, but easy class, but teacher just makes you upset on his teaching style. good luck!!
Like an evil mix of Bill Cosby and Leon Phelps the Ladies Man. Do you understand what I'm sayin to you? Tell me I'm wrong!
Avoid at all costs, very annoying person, terrible professor
Hated it! Having to sit through an hour or more of his is torture.
Too bipolar in his moods.
confusing, talk in class, has fav., know what he talks about in class for exams
Horrible prof-plays favorites, interrupts students, VERY confusing
Grading is EXTREMELY subjective, definitely has his favorites.
very unclear on what he wants-very hard tests-very subjective-has favorites-ibut
I am embarassed that Grand Valley keeps this guy on staff. Run for your life!
Tell him to get off his high horse
IF you can AVIOD HIM, teaching methods are BAD but talk in class for a good Grd.
I withdrew early because I never really knew what he was asking. Very confusing!
If you are not a math major, RUN!!! I am an English Ed major and I spent the entire semester confused and irritated. His class is unorganized. There are no tests (which is nice), however, I never knew what my grade was. The class is easy, but if you want to get something from your tuition payments, don't take this class. Please, just don't do it.
He doesn't give tests, instead he does sbars. They are very unclear to how you are doing and he doesn't use blackboard. You won't know your grade until the end of the semester because he doesn't even know. Really no structure to the class and that alone makes it hard to figure out what is going on and why you are doing some of the things you do.
Only teaches to the kids who are good at math. The rest of us get ignored. Doesn't check for understanding, moves too fast, tests require higher level application of concepts than what's taught in class.
It was the most unorganized class I had even been a part of . What a joke!!
He is a smart man but a bad teacher get out well you can!!!!
Expect to get a one or two out of five on things handed in!!!
THIS CLASS WAS AWFUL. Professor Matchett expects a lot from you, so if you had a bad prof for chem 115, DO NOT take him for 116. He assigned a total of 83 Assignments throughout the semester and we had 4 exams that were 58% of our grade. (Those 82 assignments were only 20%) He makes you feel stupid for asking questions and is rude sometimes.
Prof. Matchett has high expectations and runs a hard class. Be prepared for this to consume a lot of your time, unless you have a natural gift for chemistry. He is exceedingly arrogant, and is condescending in his interactions with students. He also wastes teachable minutes preaching at the class. Wouldn't recommend.
doesnt really care about students feelings. test are ridiculously hard. cool guy when teaching, but once again.....way hard.
Prof. Matchett is by far one of the hardest teachers I've have ever had. He is unfair on tests and expects you to know material that was never covered or assigned. He is very entertaining in lecture and makes you think the tests won't be that bad, but they are awful! Plus, tests are woth 60% of your grade and there's only 3 of them. :(
funny guy and fun lectures - but a very difficult class. tests were extremely difficult - i studied for countless hours and went to all of his office hours, still struggled. the quizzes were easy, but the class didn't prepare me enough for the tests.
raaarrr could not stay awake
Nice to some,doesn't make eye contact VERY hard class be warned
Very unhelpful, hard class. He is very narrow minded and rude.
VERY rude and TESTS are way too hard.
Tests are ridiculous, too long and too hard. Needs to work on arrogance
Professor Swift's unconventional method's were not advantageous to my learning outcomes of the material, nor was her egotistical attitude towards her past endeavors. Extremely arrogant and rude and not taught like a graduate level course as others have said. Many articles were out of context and I learned more on my own then with her.
hard and not clear, sometimes a real pain
Hard class, hard prof. Gives a ton of homework and test are hard, I'll respond again after I get my test back. Think I did alright. She doesn't explain things in regular english its all legal jargon, be prepared to work HARD.
unfair tests, stay away from her if you can, don't take this one to boost GPA
This class was way to hard for a Gen Ed. I would not recommend taking it. I had to for my major and I might have to retake it.
He talks extremely fast in lectures so its hard to get all of the information. Also, I never understand his explanations. Exams are so hard because almost all of them are story problems. I usually get good grades in all classes and find it nearly impossible to do so in his class. Very difficult and stressful for a gen ed class. Dont recommend.
REALLY NICE GUY BUT IF YOU WANT A GOOD GRADE DONT TAKE HIM FOR A GEN ED!!! SAVE YOURSELF AND CHOOSE A DIFFERENT PROF FOR PSY 101!!!!
If you can get out of his class I would. The class is based off of 3 exams and thats it. The tests are very hard and the questions are not straight forward. There are no notes or handouts for this class everything is based on his lecture. Most of the information needs to be looked up online after class and that information isn't always accurate.
Professor Henderson is very monotone during lectures and does not put any lectures on blackboard. He only gives an outline for topics that will be on the exams and the exams are all application based. Exams are very hard to study for unless you go see him personally or see one of his assistants.
After the first exam I thought for sure that I would fail, it was that hard. Everything was application based. I increasingly did better on each exam. At the end he either takes your grade in the class or just your final exam grade as your overall grade. So work really hard to get an A on the final, its not impossible.
He keeps class interesting by doing some little fun activities. However, taking notes is hard because he doesn't give a power point, just and outline. A suggestion I have is to write down every example he gives and evaluate them with the outline.
Hendersen's a good guy. He knows what he's talking about and he's not exceptionally boring to listen to. He talks fast and moves quick. You don't have enough time to understand and grasp concepts, or take any type of notes. His exams are impossible. Get ready to fail the first one or two, everyone does. If you're a good studier you'll do well
I thought his lectures were long and boring, it was hard to stay interesting. Also hard to take notes, he goes way too fast before you can get all the notes down. Only 3 tests and the final for the grade plus 5 psych studies. Make sure to do psych studies, participating is the easiest.
The exams are very hard, and he talks so fast you can't take notes on what he is saying. Very hard to keep up. The questions are worded in a confusing way so it is hard to understand what they are asking. The exams make up your whole grade and the final is cumulative. He is a very nice prof and he can sometimes tell funny stories and such.
Very difficult 100 level class. There are only 3 exams and a final and if you miss one lecture day you miss out on a lot of material. Had to get a tutor to succeed in this class because his exams were so difficult and were worded very odd. Get the textbook and read ittake notes (it helped me) but try and switch to a different prof if you can!
Professor Hendersen is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about psychology. Don't read/buy the textbook. Be sure to go to class and take good notes. He talks fast and covers a lot of material so it got overwhelming at times. Tests are meant to test your critical thinking about the topic, so don't expect just vocabulary or basic questions.
This class was extremely difficult. The professor know what he was talking about but spoke of it well above an introduction level class. I would study all the notes to great detail and still receive a D on the exams. Don't buy his book, and try to get a different teacher.
DO NOT take. if you want an A then dont take this near impossible psych course. Im an A student and barely could scratch a B+ because of all the difficult exams he had. Each question is 4 sentences long and is unnecessary. avoid
Prof. Henderson is a nice guy, a good prof, but he expects too much. this is a gen ed class that is taken way too seriously.
This class was extremely hard! Takes a lot of work and studying to understand the material! Go to class because if you dont you will miss something important and will not know what is going on during the exam! Final exam was extremely important & can determine your grade. The book was no help at all. All of the exam questions were from lectures.
I came into the class with some understanding of Psych and he made it really difficult for me to understand. He know a lot of information that does not always pertain to what you are talking about. His tests are difficult and definitely go to class and don't forget to do the Enrichment Activities. Really smart, just not the best teacher for me.
incoming freshmen with no psycology experience shouldnt take him. his lectures make you think his tests will be easy, but they are damn near impossible. teaches the 101 class at a 200 level. never available for office hours, and TA doesnt know what she is talking about.
He knows psych, know doubt about that. Has a good senese of humor. However, forget your old studying habits, because they just won't work. You don't learn what about psych, you learn about why. It's almost more an overview of everything psych, rather than a simple introduction. Very broad.
This class is one of the hardest classes. Bob does not go by the book at all and his tests are unbelievebly hard. Do not take him as a teacher unless you want to retake the class over the next year.
his tests are totally hard. he tests on situations not information learned it's hard. even if you take more notes than the ones he gives you still won't do great. i wouldn't take him
He doesn't emphasize the points he wants you to know....he talks endlessly and doesn't stop. go somewhere else
he's just so boring! it's not that all the information is totally uninteresting, it's just how he presents it. his voice is just so boring to listen to it puts me to sleep!
Henderson makes his tests purely on notes not on books.
I hated him. He is way too hard and boring. Does not care even if he says so.
gets out of breath during lectures... very boring - ok exam/tests... READ&STUDY!
Tests are impossible...wording is uncomprehensible. Very boring.
boring!!!! Have to learn by osmosis...you'll be sleeping on your books!
Actually miserable. Guy rambles on about god knows what (no religion pun intended), and then expects you to write a paper or take short answer tests and elaborate on extremely vague concepts. Just about everyone in the class is clueless about his expectations. If you're looking for an easy elective and figure this is a good choice think again.
Can't Teach. Class is so incredibly boring, it's impossible to do well!
I rarely have any idea what is going on; the TA's are much easier to understand
This guy can not teach, he is a horrible professor - which makes the class impos
A nice guy, but a TERRIBLE professor. Assigns more assignments than I can count, and tests are EXTREMELY long. Grading criteria is hard to get used to and very specific, but not terrible. He expects almost memorization of the chapter, and his workload is unbelievably high. He does not 'lecture' on material, only answers questions. Do not take him.
In his class right now.... One of the worst professors I've ever had in my entire education experience. He is a mean old man and puts you on the spot. Makes everyone in the back row move to the very front row. Assignments are like getting a bullet in the foot... You've just been shot & are bleeding but unfortunately, still alive. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
Worst prof EVER! Just ridiculous! Demanding, hard to understand, confusing, argumentative, incredibly rude, not helpful, doesn't care about his students' success at all! You have to memorize the book to pass the 6 tests cuz he doesn't teach a thing! The class should be easy cuz the material is easy, but he makes it sooo difficult. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!
This was one of the hardest classes I have ever taken. He was asking for an incredible amount of work for what should have been a fairly simple class. I can't say I didn't learn anything but another prof would save you some sleepless nights and headaches
Do not take him unless you want to read an entire textbook and memorize it for every exam.(6 of them) Lectures are pointless even though he claims they are SO important. He says he will make sure you get your "money worth" of the class about 100 times during the semester. what a joke. very intelligent but doesn't "manage" his class well.
DO NOT take this class! AVOID IT! The prof is soooo demanding. You won't learn from him but from the book. He NEVER covers the info on book. His tests are sooooooooooo HARD. Don't take him. Stay away from his class!!!
You might look at these comments and think "I'll just tough it out". I did the same thing. I couldn't regret it more. Even if it means staying in school for an extra semester just to take someone else, DO IT. Ishak has to be among the worst professors in all of America.
The hardest class I have had yet. TONS of busy work, and he doesn't even go over the chapters in class, though you have to memorize the entire 19 chapter text book. He talks about good managing, but doesn't show it with his actions. BUT - you will learn something. He is nice and likes you if you sit in the front row!
I want to hunt him for sport. I hate him more than that little plastic thing that seals CDs in so it takes an hour to ge to them and then sticks to your hand and clings to your clothes. This guy is arogance fuled by ego. GVSU tried to can him and failed. Try again! Just because someone has 7 degrees doesn't mean they know how to TEACH!
You want to learn something and be challenged in a class..this is the guy for you. Unclear on paper expectations..so ask! My hardest class that I've taken and it's my theme elective. He has 7 degrees...he knows what he is talking about. I learned about the subject and about my personal drive to succeed. I worked by butt off. Got an A
He is very rude to students and is not very helpful when you ask him questions referring to the class. My advice to you is if you have to take MGT #339 please choose another professor.
Disorganized and arrogant. Interesting anecdotes. Extremely effective at creating a sense of community among the surviving students. Learned a lot. Heavy workload. No regrets in completing this course. Significant experience with subject matter.
Tests are impossible essays that are graded unfairly. Made me fell dumb.
hard but grades on a curve
Lots of work, not always beneficial, his students underperform in other classes
Tons of work. Go to his office, make him feel impt. MEAN!! But lightens up.
tough old geeser!
Do not take this prof!! Take a summer class if necessary. Avoid at all costs!!
I did not enjoy this class. Lectures seem easy and boring, but then the tests are difficult, and he is a really picky grader.
He's the chair of the department and is like just about every other econ teacher at Miami because he likes to complicate easy concepts and have his TA's take off many points for small mistakes on his difficult tests. I probably could have done better if I worked a little harder, though, and he's a nice guy, so he might be your best option for 301.
Exams are straight from his notes, and none of his elaborate formulas are on there. As long as you listen in class, the exams aren't bad. His practice exams and review problems are almost verbatim on the tests. Just listen, take notes, and do the old/practice exams. Good teacher.
This class was super easy, you don't need the book if you take good notes (which aren't a lot with the course pack). Attendance wasn't mandatory at the beginning but then she realized everyone was skipping so made in class assignments and you had to do 9/13 to get full points and wouldn't email the study guide. I put in minimal effort and got an A.
EXTREMELY dull class. seriously boring. plus she had speaker trouble in the beginning which amplified her voice to painful levels. she has quizzes that border on pop, so you almost HAVE to attend the lectures... otherwise just buy the slide booklet and study the reviews she posts and you'll do fine.
The class is easy, you dont need to go to class she just gives you all the slides to study so its not that hard. She is kinda goofy and her lectures can get pretty boring but I didnt mind taking this class.
Uses Powerpoint for lecture and rambles on about examples, makes class seem longer than it is.
Well, Roberta is certainly a piece of work. Kind of annoying the way she always references things she thinks young people are interested in to seem cool. I find it hard to keep focused in that class and she reads directly from the slides. Course pack has all slides and if you highlight and fill in extra notes, you'll be fine. Web CT used a lot.
All she did was talk about how rich she is
useless. he doesn't grade anything. he comes up with an arbitrary grade based on how much he likes you. he does not give you any comments on how to improve.
If you struggle with math don't take professor klingler. I really struggled with math and he did not make the class interesting or easy to understand for me. However, if you do not struggle with math this class will be an easy A.
Super easy prof! Definitely recommend him to anyone! Talks a bit much and doesn't deal with disrespectful students. Tests/final are open notes and quizzes you can work with other people on them. Gives out a ton of extra credit opportunities. Great prof!
Treated us like we were in elementary school. Attendance counts towards grade which i thought was stupid, as well as participation. Easy class but you'd learn more yourself from him
He was really easy and I had not problem passing. A lot of the time he was very rude and treated his students like children. I felt I was not respected and felt he often mocked me. If you want someone easy go ahead and take him but I would not recommend him to anyone.
Told the class he didn't care if I got a question wrong because it wasn't important enough for him to teach the class how to do it.
Klinger never knows what he is talking about. He knows math just not how to teach it to his students. I found out near the end of semseter that he had let certain students take home their test and make corrections but not others...like me.He will often tell you that your doing something correctly when you get it back you have usually done horrible!
He is a good professor overall but needs to not be so tough with his grading. He assigns alot of homework and then grades it as if it were a test. Lots of papers to keep track of and no real review before tests. Reminds me of a middle school teacher because thats how he will treat you.Don't be late.
looks an awful lot like santa claus, which was distracting at times.
rude, made rude comments to students and made students feel stupid
not very enjoyable of a time
Exams are pretty tough and very detailed. Lectures can be pretty boring and often go on a tangent. I personally just didnt enjoy him as a professor.
Wow, this class was the hardest class I have taken. Prof. Burg's lectures are so heavy and wordy that it is hard to focus. Although most dates are stated in the syllabus, he does not remind you of due dates for assignments so BE AWARE ! Exam's are about 40% multiple choice and 60% short answer/ essay, this is what hurt my grade the most.
I would not say that Dr. Burg is well-respected by students. His lectures are LONG and dry. His analogies make minimal sense, but I will say that a majority of the questions on exams come from knowing what he lectures on and being able to apply it. His notes are fill in the blank, so attending lectures is a must. Do the objectives, and study hard.
I took an Anatomy and Physiology class in high school and got an A. I took BMS 202 and got an A. I took BMS 208 and got an A-. I took MOV 304 and got an A. I am expecting an A in BMS 291. In this class I think I am going to get a B or a B+. I think if I had had a different professor I would have enjoyed the class and done well.
Horrible professor. Literally reads off of the slides and doesn't teach. He uploads his powerpoints to BB but uses blanks so you have to go to class to get what he took out. However if you like very little homework I would suggest Burg.
Incredibly difficult to have as a professor. Started lab with 20 student ended with 11. He does not prepare you as well for the midterm and final as other professors and is more focused on his research then clarifying concepts for students. Would not recommend.
Very unapproachable, grading scale is unclear, uses fill-in-the-blank powerpoint which is a difficult method to learn from. Uploads 3-4 online assignments 5 days before the exam which is ridiculous. I got a 4.0 in the lab (291) with Bergman and could barely hold a B+ in this class. However, the tests aren't terrible if you can learn the material.
Okay really...he's pretty good. I don't know how people do bad unless they just completely don't care and don't study. My lowest exam was a 94% and I nailed a 146/150 on the final. Now I'm either freaking amazing or I simply put the appropriate amount of effort and time into this intrinsically difficult class. I think the later...
I would not recommend Dr. Burg as a professor. He is very knowledgeable about physiology but expects you to know the material at the same level. Many times I would try to ask questions and he would make me feel like an idiot. His analogies have nothing to do with anatomy. It's a hard class but he definitely doesn't make it any easier to pass.
Just study the powerpoint slides and know them VERY well.
Would not recommend him at all! Condescending, and overall very jerky guy. He knows his subject material very well but is extremely hard to follow in lecture. Tests are killer! Switch if you can. The class itself is very tough but he makes it 10x worse.
Dr. Burg is definitely a character and very weird. However, his class is defined very well in the syllabus. If you study hard and read the book, it's not bad at all. I was able to do both of those things and nail a 99% on his final and A overall in the class...just do the work. What do you expect at college?
dr. burg is hard, but it is almost a 300 level course. of course you need to study but you MUST know his notes in DEPTH, down to the littlest details.. tests werent impossible BUT he is rude whenever questions are asked.. knows his stuff just cannot communicate it well .. i wouldnt recommend him.
Terrible professor! RUN if you still can. He is very boring in lecture with his monotone voice. His tests are extremely hard and those are the only points in the class. He is very demeaning to his students and puts them down when asking questions. He will make you cry if you go to his office. Loves to talk about himself and thinks he is hilarious.
Rediculous. Very unprofessional, always complains about how tired and stressed he is, and how HS301 is always at the bottom of his priority list. If he is going to treat the class like a blow off, than why shouldn't the students? Do a non-human based research project, and memorize notes for exams.
I would highly recommend Prof. Kipp over Burg for this class (I had to retake the class and got an easy A with Kipp as my prof.) Burg's essay questions were way to hard on the exams, and his "reviews" don't help AT ALL. AVOID HIM LIKE THE PLAGUE
The course was interesting but Burg sucks the life out of the class...Kipp isn't any better though so you're screwed no matter what. Good luck.
I had him for 290 and 301, a ton of work in 290, but 301 was easy, he is just unorganized and is definitely a talker, don't ask him a question unless you have 30minutes to waste.
Very smart man but also a very creepy man and not such a good teacher. Lectures straight off of powerpoints that you have right in front of you, very boring. Tests aren't to bad.
I don't feel that Burg is a bad professor, i just feel that the class is tough and that he coudl TRY and make it a little easier. You have to know a LOT of information and apply it. I never used the book and i got a B in the class - goodluck and STUDY.
I liked the course over all. But he lectures by powerpoint & a microphone, very distracting. He is sometimes hard to follow and his exams are tough but i feel that I learned a lot. He is a funny guy but not really a good prof for the class.
He mumbles. Can't undestand him at all. It's a struggle to understand what he is talking about in class. He is a very smart man but it's like he is too smart to teach it to other students.
Love the eyebrows! Funny guy, but he'll put you to sleep. He just lectures off of his extensive powerpoint notes.
get out now, sign up for the other prof! very hard
terrible, confusing, thinks you know as much as he does about the material
class is made difficult by this prof (and powerpoint), get a different professor
very hard to understaed and not will prepared
he will say the word what like 5,000 times in a single class period. He will chop ur head off if u miss class
He rambles on and on about stuff that has nothing to do in his class.
Every semester I get a crappy prof like this. Anyone who thinks he's a great lecturer must have been asleep. Terrible assingments and grading, he's very full of himself.
This guy is blackboard crazy. Not a well structured class for a small university. Does not know his students by name. Very impersonal.
Interesting lectures, easy quizes- questions on exams are not covered in class, and difficult- Class average normally 65%- does however give a curve. Grades hard on papers with little feed back. Not clear on what he is expecting from his students.
You had better like writing constantly and one power point after another day after day after day... relates everything to sex, is this history?
idiot, gives grades based on how he feels about you not your work
IT was a cool class and he could be cool. But you had to write SO much!!
She says whatever is on her mind, good or bad. I felt intimidated to participate b/c she humiliated many other students. If you have bad grammar, she announces it to the whole class. Funny, helpful, caring, intelligent, but she doesn't think before she speaks and she ends up hurting a lot of people
She is a kind person and knows what she teaches, though her method of grading is questionable. Make sure you keep tabs on your grades, she isn't very organized.
Somehow I went from an A to a B- without anything else changing
Rude, boring, but has open book tests/exams
Too opinionated and doesnt know how to teach non-native speakers,expects to much
The course was boring and a waste of time. I would avoid this teacher atallcosts
A lot of labs and they are due at the end of class. If you are more slow-paced than others, do not expect that he will let you turn it in during office hours for full points. I always did labs beforehand outside of class since all you need to know is in the coursepack. I showed up to turn in labs and leave. Take a different professor if you can.
Cannot understand him!!
i'm not very good at math or stats, and I found him somewhat uesless. If I asked a question, he would kind of make fun of me for not understanding. He teaches class like everyone already understands whats going on, but I had no statistics experience whatsoever, adn fell behind. he's kind of hard to understnad sometimes too.
The class is easy as long as you are able to understand his accent, which is pretty thick I'll admit. But if you can get past that, the class isn't hard. Though the final is extremely hard, it won't bring down your grade as much as you think, so don't sweat it too much. You are better off emailing him if you have a question, because he does make
Very knowledgable. I hate math so this class was tough for me. He makes you feel like an idiot when you ask questions. Accent isn't too bad, sometimes amusing. He goes quick - just copy down what he writes on the board and try to understand it later...confusing. All in all, just do the homework set and there's only 3 exams. Easy.
Way overrated. Hard to understand and the class moves too quickly. This is a hard class.
He's intelligent, but class is very difficult. There are other (easier) stats profs, take them intead.
Hard to understand, kinda snotty, but good prof- listen to lectures
Not a great prof, hard to understand, test are not hard if you can problem solve
Worst I ever had
Nice man, means well, hard to understand at times
Very arrogant
The homework is easy, but the tests are nothing like the homework
Poor teaching. Tests at times will not match what is taught in class. Stay away!! Very poor professer.
Her lectures are very boring and the class may seem easy but her test are kind of difficult. Make sure to study power points because she puts every thing on test even if it doesn't seem important.
She's a really nice lady; but she's pretty useless. She doesn't know the software at all; that or she just can't teach. Spent way too much time on access and not on SAP. Believes that our generations is lazy and made us do a paper on it. I'd take someone else if you're interested in learning. Watch out on tests - they are VERY DETAILED.
Very unclear about what she wants. Has a doctorate but has no clue how to teach the stuff.
take notes on the powerpoint slides, then exams will be easy. Ask her questions/particapte...she'll like you(i.e helps your grade).she's not that bad kinda boring though.
very easy class until it comes to her tests. tests don't really cover whats said
class seems easy until exams. doesn't know what she is teaching, but she's nice
Does not care if students learn the material.Does not do the tasks she says will
He is horrible. Don't ever take him, he makes you feel dumb if you don't know something, and his teats are hard. If you can take another professor
Matt is horrible. Don't take his classes. He makes you feel dumb, there's tons of work, he tailors to 1 or 2 students in his classes. If you're a guy, you're in luck...he tailors to them. Grading is horrible! Get out if you can.
Matt is picky about little things. He's rude and makes you feel stupid.Bad Prof
Dr. Farris is the kind of person that only gives out an A for exceptional work but never replicates that level of excellence in his own examples. I was frustrated by how much effort I put in and how little time he seemed to spend looking at my work, just to give a mediocre grade. He often mansplained my own work to me and mixed up students' grades!
He is unnecessarily hard and unwilling to help. He writes this off as an attempt to condition his students to the real world. He's generally grouchy and doesn't seem to fit well in the honors program.
Went off on a tangent almost every class period. He would sometimes take an hour talking about something that didn't have anything to do with the class work. Very unclear about expectations.
He can explain the material well in lecture, but he's not helpful outside of class. Also he never replies back to e-mails (in case you have questions about anything you learned in class or lab) which is really annoying.
Lacks respect for students. Assigns work whether it is benefical or not. Frequently forgets who the customer is!
A small, bald, profane teacher, who is often unclear
grades too hard,too much homework which isnt explained at all
Not bad, not great.
thinks hes funny but isnt. not lenient on anything. does not understands others problems or life views. would not purposely take him again
Rather elitist and arrogant. Needs to learn humility.
BAIL while you can! Worked my butt off on papers & grades weren't good, hard cla
Very intimidating and hard to follow.
Can be a total softy outside of class... but is purposely really intimidating during class. Mind you, I did get a good grade. But I would probably transfer out of GV before taking him again. The public humiliation was just too much. You will learn because he does know his stuff & you'll be to scared to not know the answer.
A horrible man who truly enjoys catching students off guard, calling them out, or trying to make them seem stupid. Very demanding and demeaning. I will say I learned a lot... but I then I could've also learned a lot from someone else who wasn't so mean. Would never take again. Do yourself a favor and avoid if at all possible.
I learned more from Sr. Haan than I have from any other spanish teacher. He makes fun of students, but its all in good fun and it makes you work hard to know your stuff. Participation is everything, so its not difficult to get a good grade. I would definitely take Sr. Haan again if I could.
odd. and looks like clint eastwood.
He is a very hard man. The only reason people put effort forth in this class is because they are scared out of their mind of him. He likes to publicly humiliate his students and will call you stupid to your face. He will mock you constantly and will make you feel like an idiot every time you mess up.
I ended up doing really well in his class but I am tell you DO NOT TAKE HIM. He gets a kick out of torturing people and has no conscience. I did learn a ton but it was at a very big expense! Do yourself a favor and do not take him!!!
I hated the class at the time, but I learned so much. Don't take it if you want an easy A. Lots of participation,he assigns most, if not all of the Vistas work. He can be moody. I was one of the best students in his class and he sent me to the hall (how high school!) to yell at me. However, I did get an apology a few weeks later.
The single worst professor I've had in 15 years of school. Haan gets a perverse pleasure out of humiliating students. Forces students to stand up in class and then sing songs in order to sit back down. This class was more work than my entire freshman year(seriously 20 hours a week minimum). I would transfer out of GV before taking Haan again!
Have a good spanish background if you take this class, you'll need it. He really can be pretty rude sometimes, and this class has a TON of homework.
Senor Haan makes you sing weird songs, makes fun of you constantly, and doesn't allow you to speak in English otherwise you have to stand up in front of the class. For a low level class there is a LOT of work, but all you have to do is memorize the homework and you've got the tests down. Do the extra credit and study and you will be just fine.
You MUST take everything Sr. Haan says with a grain of salt. He likes to make fun of anyone and everyone, so know you stuff. Do the worksheets, workbook, lab manual, and study! If you do all of these things to the best of your ability and don't have an attitude, you should do fine. Overall, intimidating guy, but class can be interesting & fun!
Prof. Haan is a character. It's a difficult class & he doesn't give you a grade until the end. Go to class, turn hw & labs in, do lab time, & show him you care. I will say that he does make fun of everyone but it causes the class to bond together to make it through. Even though I'm a dipstick, I WILL pass Senor Haan's Spanish Class! ;) 102 Fall '07
You should be interested in Spanish before you take this class. This is a VERY intense class, and you'd better be ready to do tons of homework. I *LEARNED* a lot in this class, though, but I definitely worked for it. Sr. Haan is intelligent and helpful, but he has tough exams. I liked this class, but it has tons of homework.
Excellent teacher but hard. Always gives homework, won't tell you grades. However, he's very funny and makes class interesting. If you clearly don't know what you're doing then he will hound you until you do. It can be embarassing but I've only seen him do it to very unprepared people who are consistantly unprepared.
Prof. Haan is a total ass. However, it's funny if you're not a little ****. Just suck it up and do your HW. Jeezus, you're in college..start acting like it. His HW is just busy work, but it DOES make you learn the****. Also, his tests are take home, fill 'em out, then you do 'em again in class. EASY. If you're not a little ****,you'll be fine..
Do not take this prof. He is a giant Jacka$$. He tears down his students everyday and gives tons of pointless boring homework. I wouldn't wish him on my worst enemy. Avoid at all cost.
I thought as the semester went by he would get nicer and let up on the homework but no such luck. He makes you feel stupid. WAY too much homework. Very time consuming.
The worst teacher I've ever had in my entire school history. He must be a ten year track teacher cause he needs to be fired.
If you didn't have a very good teacher in high school, then take 101 and 102. This guy will make you feel like an idiot. Trust me, I know. Not very clear and very unfair to every student that he doesn't like. Steer clear if at all possible!
He was mean and rude. Teachers are supposed to encourage students, not call them stupid.
Learn spanish, learn to take a joke, and learn to like Corona
has a sense of humor, and if you do too, it makes a course with him 100% easier
Get out while you can.
intimidating, WILL get made fun of, do your dittos & have a sense of humor!
Funny, but took his "jokes" too far. Shouldn't refer to class as retard spanish
I have never been so frustrated and so scared in a class...EVER!
very hard, very fast.. will embarass you any chance he gets, uncomfortable...
very hard, lots of homework, intimidating!!!!!
Humiliates students in front of entire class, screams, and bangs things on front
Haan is very rude, and insulting.
He is very rude towards students in class, he ridicules them publicly.
Highly unreasonable and a horrible lecturer. You learn by practice that's it.
hope you like standing up...can u say RUDE?!?!?!
I do not like how he insults students in front of the wholr class if they do not
Homework was all copyable & graded very loosely. Not very clear in lectures or in lab. Expects a lot of prior knowledge. If you want to learn the material, try to avoid.
Makes labs way longer than they need to be because he wont help you and is not prepared himself. Assigns enough work for 20 credit hours but you only get 4. Expects perfection from his students even though his work is shotty. Avoid him if you can.
He is an *SS, He is cocky, arrogant, and leads you in the wrong direction. his approach to PLC programming is completely one sided (there is more than one way to program)and he loves to make your work that much more complicated. You will hate the smirk!
Very difficult teacher...not helpful when asking questions
Can't understand and think your gonna fail but always pass, eh!
Not a huge fan of her teaching... Came from a really good choir from high school and I'm honestly really annoyed... If you come from with a musical background of a higher level of education, be prepared to be disappointed.
Overly enthusiastic, generally clear. Will often get over-excited when conducting and lose the singers/pianist. Not a big fan of sopranos. Well-informed, some trouble communicating, and harsh, but certainly knows her stuff.
don't really care for her teaching style or attitude but the class is cool
She has a good heart, but she's truly slipping in her talent as a conductor.
She's fine, not sure I'd agree with the other comments. She THINKS she's funny, for sure. Definately gets off topic, I know all about her kid and her husband now. Pretty painless class except for the strict attendance.
Please!! She's a Buzz Brain! I wish she had not been my teacher for this class. She's really a scattered brain teacher!
Not the best teacher I've had, not the worst. She talks too much, tries to be popular. Just stick to the class lady.
She thinks she's hysterical, but she isn't. She tries to be everyone's best friend. I'd rather have someone who didn't want to be my buddy. I expected someone more professional in college.
Ugh. You have to REALLY love the text to survive this class. The class is based out of only 100 points which means their is little room for error. If there is something that doesn't make sense, ASK or else you're screwed. Chown is very knowlegible but often confuses even herself. Attend class, do the ready, participate and ask questions!
I was really excited to take American Lit but sadly she is the worst professor and she ruined the class for me. She is very scattered and she doesn't discuss anything that is revelant to the texts. If you actually want to learn something since you are paying money to take the class, do not take her.
Chown... WOW! She's seriously out there. But essays are easy and you can write about whatever you want. A lot of reading, but you don't always have to do it. If you're looking for a weird but easy class, take her. But if this is something you're passionate about, skip her and take it with someone else.
Anyone that tells you to take this teacher is setting you up....run like hell!!!
get out now!! can't understand anything she is saying or anything she writes on your papers or exams...i stayed after class almost everyday to ask for clarity...and most days i would fall asleep in her class too because she was was so boring!
Very unorganized, and unclear. Kept changing syllabus around. Fairly easy class, though, if you keep up on the reading Exams are essay,w/ notes allowed. Open minded, willing to take suggestions on what is happening in class. Lack of structure a problem
Linda is really a great person, however her class is unclear and requires a lot of reading. however you can do well in the class even if you dont read. Overall i have had better and worse classes
Unorganized, not focused, was not clear as to what she wanted for papers.
Cares for students & is flexible, But when did SWS courses mean oral reports?
Very unorganized/ due dates always changing/ but seems to care about students
More lecturing than discussion. Very hard class to sit through in the morning.
Yuck - bad class. I'm not sure what I learned. He grades very unfair and cannot justify himself. The class and grading system lack structure. When the semester is over, it is hard to tell where you stand or what grade you will get.
Interesting, if horribly useless class. A great class if you want to play around with literature (which isn't a bad thing!) but for a survey course, horribly lacking in structure and actual analysis. If learning is your goal, I would avoid this professor.
Definitely knows his stuff, it's good if you're really interested in it. Otherwise he just talks too much. No tests, lots of reading, grade based entirely on effort and final.
He grades very easily, and the work is easy. He doesn't ever really TEACH the things you study. He just expects you to interperet it all yourself, and to basically determine if you like it or not.
He wasn't very organized or clear and kinda opinionated
Neil is a very nice and understanding guy, but he is not the best teacher. He talks very softly and lectures until the very last second. I think this class has awesome material, Neil just didn't do it for me.
a perfectionist. he forgets that he has a phD, and we are students. he is way too anal about everything. answers on exam have to hit a "target" or else you get NO points. i think he forgets he teaches a 200 level course, not a graduate course. way too hard to be an undergrad prof. i don't like him
This guy sucks. He seems nice enough but he NEVER posts assignments when he says he's going to. He only gives 3 days to do entire modules but then doesn't post them on time. Sometimes (rarely) he'll give an extension, but its only until noon the next day instead of the night before - which does nothing for students that work during the day.
A capstone class that is word for word a regurgitation of his PA 307 class. Same power points, same lectures, same videos. I didn't learn anything in this class. Lectures are boring and we spend a lot of time watching videos that should have been used as module material during the weeks we were not in class for lecture. Terrible class setup.
had him last semester, and it is ironic that he talks about building better communities but was unable to build community in his own classroom. He doesn't encourage discussion, he demands it and talks over students anyway. Unrelatable and uncomforable to converse with. Interrogates, but not in a productive "I want to see you grow" way.
Extremely difficult, but you learn from real world examples-little theories covered. Most informed/experienced professor in local politics. Intimidating teaching methods b/c he stares at you during lecture and interrogates students ideas. Avoid class if you are not prepared to read all 3 books, attend all classes, dedicate yourself to final paper
I wasn't sure what to think of Jelier at first. He seemed very arrogant and full of himself, but looking back, I learned way more than I originally thought and he really does know his stuff, just don't try to ask him to clarify anything becuase he tends to circle around the question until you don't remember what it was you were originally asking.
What do you get when you take a class from a prof with 2 PhDs? Tons of reading. Don't worry, he is too lazy to go over it....until it shows up on the final.
not a good class at all. Really boring and tests were hard. If you dont like writing essays, dont take this class.
Her mind is indeed a jumbled mess. She'll get angry if you dont know the answer to a question, and iif you disagree with her on something. She goes on tangents in class, sometimes about china, other times about something not even related to class, and we don't cover a lot of material that winds up on tests. Not that great of a professor
HATED this class....boring lectures!!!!!!
the class never stays on topic, so we never accomplish anything
My only B in a string of straight A's. His take-home tests are vague and demanding, you'll spend HOURS (more time than you would study for an all essay test) and get a low B. he just had a baby, and i feel like our class was not a priority. i am angry.
This class was a joke. The lab was just another lecture, we didn't do any hands-on activities. He posts homework late on Friday (due Monday) and posted his PowerPoints with all of the important info blacked out. He ignores in-class questions and doesn't explain things well. From what I hear over half the class is failing, this is a 100 level class.
I failed this course and it wasn't for lack of trying. Estrada is a very nice, intelligent guy, but I found his expectations of students to be a little high. We had to memorize all equations, where other profs gave equation sheets or note cards, and we were not allowed to use calculators. Physics is difficult enough without that added pressure.
Good sense of humor and an overall likable guy. However, lectures couldn't have been more inefficient and frustrating. If you have good algebra and basic calculus skills, or have any physics experience, you will want to slam your head against the desk while he lectures. An entire hour could be spent on one proof some days.
The pace is EXTREMELY slow. If you're a slow learner, this may be helpful for you. Otherwise, you'll be skipping every other class, and keeping up just fine. Tests don't always test the same things he teaches, and be extremely frustrating. Your grade may not reflect your knowledge of the material... at all.
Very difficult to understand, repetitive, do not take him.
sometimes hard to understand
examples done strangely,very boring,still cant speak english after 10 years orso
needs to learn to speak english first. does not present clearly, "um", "eh".....
VERY HARD TESTS! Literally reads straight out of the book in lecture :(
Can't understand him. Tests get progressively impossible
Couldn't understand a word, half the class failed, nuff said
Bad grading system!
Hard to understand, VERY difficult exams.
no assignments besides a 5-point quiz each week and 2 tests.
Wouldn't take his class again, lectures aren't clear, not good at concise power points and can barely read his handwriting on the board. I like to think he means well, but honestly comes across as pretty cold. Exams are also confusing and expects you to know way too much.
Luke Galen knows the material and he keeps his lectures pretty interesting. I would definitely not take him again though. There are few things that are graded and the midterm and the final are the only exams and theyre extremely tough.
Prof "G" is arrogant and does not listen well to feedback. I was disappointed by the course and the lecture. I havn't heard anything good about him and now I know why.
Best evah.
Hmmm, I found him to be very intimidating and a little biased. His grading of papers was very confusing and almost impossible to do. He gives little quizzes for some participation points. The lectures were sometimes interesting but he liked to play "the devil's advocate." I'm glad that class is over.
The class was good. The teaching style was not really for me.
Prof. Galen can be very rude, and if you don't have a thick skin, don't see him outside of class. He only gave us a week to write the paper, didn't give great instructions on how to write it, and graded very hard. If you pay attention in class you will learn a lot, but I didn't find him to be a very nice or supportive person.
YUCK
FUNNY AND INTERESTING LECTURES, WATCH OUT FOR HIS TESTS THOUGH, AND HIS INSTRUCTIONS OFTEN UNCLEAR!
Thinks he is funny, but he's really not. No clear specifications on papers and projects.
BORING!!ZZZZZZ I hated this class. His teaching is all over the place. He doesn't make items clear and can be taught in a better manner.
not a very good professor unless you are a psy. major...test are hard
tests weren't very hard but based mostly on the text book, very hot!!!!!!
i don't think he's taken this course himself!!
clear and insightful in presenting material, but tested on ambiguous book info
Very scatterbrained, doesn't write his own tests, uses test that included w/book
Professor Reynolds is a caring guy, but I really struggled to understand most of his material. A lot of his lectures involve reviewing problems, but he forgets that a lot of his students need things to be slowed down to understand the material. Physics is a hard class, and he is going to make you work very hard for the grade.
Tough class. He seems to struggle to help the students who know nothing about coding, but is willing to do what it takes to help. Lots of projects which he doesn't go much over beforehand, and he expects you to try it on your own first.
I went in with a tiny bit of programming experience, and have not found the class to be all that difficult. Scripps was an overall average teacher in my opinion. Very funny though!
Scripps isn't a easy teacher. He can be funny and is a genius when it comes to coding, but he doesn't really do a good job teaching it to you. he isn't much help in labs at all either. It's hard at first because I had no programming or coding experience. I learned everything just fine, but mostley by myself with my text book. he's a funny guy tho.
Scripps didn't have a clear class structure - bounced from one idea to another in random order and sometimes came back to previous ideas. With limited notes, he was not well prepared for class. Students with some experience could have taught this class. He relied on students knowledge to write the correct syntax and he referred us to Google alot
long time ago like 2 years i think it was like cs 162 or somethin.
Terrible class! Exams are from some teacher resource, and even Scripps doesn't get some of the questions. Don't take him!
If you have no computer programming background...dont take his course. If you do, then you'll be fine. He's a good guy, but wont give you much help. He likes to think you can figure everything out on your own.
Subject is easy if you have background knowledge. Scripps expect you to know programming before you take this class. When you ask questions, he just confuses you more. Switched major bc of him. Makes you feel dumb when asking questions.
because of this class and prof. i switched my major. Cool guy, unclear, dosen't help in labs, avoid this class at all costs!!!! Aproximatly half the class failed or dropped out.....
Pretty decently nice guy. Not really the best teacher... but there's definitely worse in the CS department. Not anti-Scripps, but definitely no strong recommendation is coming from me either.
Grrrrrrrrrrr.......does not explain well at all
Knowledgeable on material - tries to interact with class
class was easy w/prior programming knowledge, but scripps was unclear at times
Did not teach clearly. Was very confusing a nd doesn't encourage to ask question
pretty nice guy, but hard for first time programmers
Sometimes no knowledge of what supposed to be teaching, labs easy
Very unorganized
Treated me like an idiot when I had pertinent questions. Dropped it...
BAD JOKES
I wanted to throw my computer into Zumberg pond!
I do not like this professor. Very unclear and hard to follow.
Poor communicator.Hard to follow.Doesn't explain things. Lab work is esp unclear
Lectures were unclear and undeveloped... could learn much from Vangorp.
I took this as first programming class, he wasnt very good if you are new at it
Very very hard to get a hold of. If you ever have to make something up, good luck finding a time to meet with him. Nice guy, but not really too involved
He's pretty funny, but he never really taught us how to make a website. He lectured on concepts surrounding web design, but never on html, css, or other actual web technologies. He's loud and obnoxious if you like that, but don't take him if you want to learn technical skills. Oh yeah he never taught actual Photoshop skills either. Just out of book
Many students like him because he's loud and upbeat - which is always welcome. But he sort of uses it to veil his lack of behind-the-scenes effort. Does not respond to emails. Significant delay in posting grades - we're about a month behind on grades right now. A bit juvenile in his lectures and in how his tests and projects are written.
Knows what he is talking about when it comes to lecture however, unhelpful when it comes to applying the concepts in the computer lab. The only thing that he grades himself is the website, everything else is online. Whenever students asked him questions in lab about how to do something he rarely knew the answer.
Knows computers somewhat, his stories get annoying especially when they all sound like bull to me. Might be a pathological liar. Super easy class, easy A, hardly any work. Skipped 10+ classes and am getting +95%. Doesn't care about attendance. Webpage creation is simple. Just ignore his lies.
Fools students into thinking that he knows what he is talking about by being confident. Really knows few facts about computers. Has many, many opinions though.
really nice guy, seems pretty helpful
Very arrogant, easy class
DON'T! The guy wrote the book, first red flag. This is the one of the only Stats classes at GVSU where you have to code. This class was made to be way harder than it should have been. Just take another prof. He's a very nice guy, started out the class with a fun little chat question to lighten the mood but the tests and HW were so hard and FREQUENT
nade you feel stupid for not understanding.
Goes at a fast pace, thinks he's funny, tests are hard. Understanding guy though
doesn't use book
KNOWS HIS MATERIAL BUT CAN'T TEACH IT EFFECTIVELY! NICE GUY THOUGH
Literally take any other professor for this BMS class, the exams are nothing like the topics covered in class and she says that she cares but upon asking her a question she acts like you've just offended her and that you're stupid. Don't bother emailing her outside of class either, she's no help and will not accommodate for anything.
Dr. Nochera is not a very good professor. Her online lecture videos were nothing like the exams at all. Her lectures are just her rambling and she is not very good at explaining. There is barely any work to be graded, so if you don't do good on the exams you're basically screwed.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. The class is online and all she does is post 2-4 short lecture videos that she recorded from last year for an entire 2-3 week unit. Her lectures have nothing to do with exams so basically if you do not read and take notes from all of the chapters on the book you are going to do bad. You have no idea what to expect on exams.
What you need to know: - READ THE BOOK: all of her exams only have info from the book, not so much from lecutre - ATTEND CLASS: she takes attendance and will call you out for not showing up - she talks very fast so ask if you can record her lecutres - she lets you do group quizzes and grades assignments easily, but TESTS ARE VERY HARD!!! STUDY!
She is fun in lecture but speaks fast and if you don't write everything down you will miss stuff for the test. Her powerpoints have little information on them and the tests are much harder than she makes it seem. Her class is too specific and challenging for a 100 level class. She does weight the tests and homework the same though.
Don't let this 100 level course fool you! Lecture power points are VERY confusing. Test questions are very tricky and confusing. Dr. Nochera had to leave half way through the semester, and Professor house took over. TAKE PROFESSOR HOUSE! Her exams were so much easier, tests were straightfoward, her class is an easy A.
I do not recommend Professor Nochera. At first she really seemed to care about her students, but as the year went on she progressively stopped showing up to class. Her tests are hard and I don't think they are fair. It's almost impossible to get an A in this class.
Dr. Nochera is a sweet lady and has good intentions. However, her course material isn't clear at all. I took basic nutrition thinking I would love it and I dreaded going to lecture. Exams are difficult. She takes attendance everyday and gives you participation points so take advantage of that. Also, the final is a paper so it's easier than exams!
She makes the class very interesting, but she moves very fast and scatterbrained so it makes it confusing and not much notes. The exams are lucky to have half the stuff she teaches so you better be good at guessing .
I was pleased with this professor. Her class was not hard, but it was definitely not a blow-off class. If you understand nutrition fairly well coming into this course, you will do fine. Beware, she can be a little scatterbrained in lecture, and she moves through the information fairly quickly. She cares about student's success; I recommend her.
So you obviously came to ratemyprofessor looking for advice as to which professor to take nutrition with. NOCHERA IS NOT YOUR ANSWER! I had a horrible relationship with Nochera simply because her expectations were through the roof though she did not deliver the content that she tested on. There is definitely a reason A students receive Cs with her.
She's a very nice lady, just don't take her class.
For basic nutrition it was difficult. She has a genuine interest in seeing the students do well but the the test were near impossible to pass. Very difficult even if you studied for 3 days straight. her accent is fun and you can save your grade with particitpation points but the test could kill you...
Exams were extremely random. Final was a paper. Her handwriting was illegible...she seems like a nice, funny lady that I would love to be my friend. As a professor, I left class not sure what I needed to know..gives a TON of participation which pads your grade.
NOT RECOMMENDED. Attendance is taken every day. Her exams are absolutely brutal, especially for a 105 level BASIC Nutrition class. Only thing that will save your grade is attendance and participation work. Her accent, as well as her garbage handwriting, make understanding her difficult.
I feel like the best word to describe Nochera with is "spicy". She's got an accent with a sassy tone and can be really funny. She genuinely wants you to do well, gives hundreds of participation points, but the tests are rough and I havent figured out the key to success yet.
I wasn't a fan of the way she teaches. Her tests are impossible to get an A on... she tells you the only material that will be on is information covered in lectures, but that's not true. Plus the way she words her exams are ridiculous. You get 300 points participation which helps a lot. Really nice lady and cares about students, not greatest prof.
I had Nochera for basic nutrition and found the class to be incredibly easy. I never studied and just listened to what she went over, her exams were pretty much exactly what she taught in class. If you ask her questions though she gets impatient. The biggest downfall is that attendance is mandatory.
Tests aren't bad, but shes a total B....
She is a wierd lady bordering on the psycho side. if more than 2min late to class, youre graded as absent. Tests arent too bad but she will try to trick you a lot. Even though i really didnt like her, she is better than the other nutrition prof.
Exams aren't extremely difficult, but she will trick you on a lot of questions. She started out fine, but she spazzes!!!! Treats class like you are in high school once again and makes you feel like you must sit in the same seat the whole semester, if you don't she will call you out.
Nutrition- thought it would be easy and a fun class. She's a nice prof, but after the first month or so she gets very moody and hormonal. If you can opt for another prof- do so but if not you'll do just fine.
she says shes a can be ****y and its true! goes through material in 5 mins then test you over it as if you actually learned something. one good thing is that you get out of class early
She was very rude to students, the exams got worse and worse as the semester went on. Stopped teaching after second exam. expects you to learn everything on your own.
She is crazy. Yeah she's funny but at the same time is very rude. She acts like what she is saying is so easy & makes people feel stupid when they ask a question. I am glad to have her over the other guy who teaches 305, but yikes!!
HArd to understand at times, speaks quickly because she gets very excited about what she does. Tests aren't all that hard, but wording is often unclear. She takes attendance everyday so you have to attend lecture.
immature and rude
love to get professors that hate thier students
Likes to give exams over material NEVER covered in lecture. She sucks!
she is a fruit loop, be to class on time or you'll get it
There seems to always be more than one answer for her test questions.
tests not consistent with lecture, knows material well but I did not learn anyth
Shes a nice person but her lectures are very boring and kind of hard to follow along. Her examples she gives and whats on tests and quizzes dont match up. If you dont already have a good basic understanding of chem and the math thats used, then take someone else.
She is a nice person, but always seems so confused by the material. It got to the point where other students in the class were correcting her multiple times per class.
Not a very good professor. She grades like all her students are already teachers or grad students. Rushed the end of the semester because she did not plan the class well. She is really tough, and not very nice. I would advise to take this class with another prof!
This was the worst professor I have ever had at Grand Valley!!! One of the average test scores was 69% (with no curve!!) It seemed like she really didn't care how her students did. She follows the rules way to much. She goes way to fast and there are too many notes to write. I would not recommend her!!!
She is a horrible teacher. If you want to fail, by all means take her. Needs to learn how to teach. When she explains things, you come out knowing less than when you went it. Tests are easy for the mulitple choice, but the free response at the end (which is worth 40%) is indecipherable. STAY AWAY
Horrible prof., DO NOT TAKE HER!! The problems on the test are totally different than what is on the homework and problems she covers in class. She wastes alot of class time saying stuff that doesnt need to be said. Tests are the worse part of this class, impossible to pass!
probably one of the worst profs i've had thus far at gvsu. the online homework and exams have questions on them that were never covered in lecture. if you ask her a question, don't expect a helpful response...she basically restates the question as a statement. nice person, bad professor
Very hard teacher
Not easy to talk to. Very difficult to follow her lectures. jokes are not funny.
She is very good about making it to class, but needs to work on her teaching.
she is so confusing, get matchett if you can
She's not specific about moost topics, and just pretty weird and simple
his notes have terrible pictures and don't always explain properly, look everything up online and understand it that way, combine with cribs and you will ace this class easily.
Subject matter is monotonous with his teaching, could learn from notes, has strict attendence policy, doesn't stick to subject matter very well and ineffectively tries to tie material to interdisciplinary applications.
THIS CLASS SUCKS. ITS SO BORING AND SO HARD TO STAY AWAKE! I LEARNED FROM DOING THE LABS ONLY! GET CRIBS, TAKE NOTES! TO DO GOOD
Take good notes. Boring but useful.
Quizzes can be hard
Awful. Everyday it felt as if "Doc Mac" hated the class. Occasionally he had his moments of comedy, which were forced and distracting. Tests never felt fair, as the material taught to us in class was not what we would find in the tests. Textbook is mandatory to actually succeed in class as that as where the tests come from. Go for an older edition.
He is a very rude professor and expects you to already know the material instead of teaching it properly. His exams are hard and you need to do a lot of independent book studying to pass. If you can avoid taking him then do so!
One of the few educators I have encountered that I sincerely and passionately dislike. 'Doc Mac' made CHEM-135 a miserable, if not intolerable, experience. He is somewhat disrespectful to students; he arrives late to every class and answers questions unwillingly. He lacks enthusiasm and seems disinterested in the subject manner as well.
Difficult material and he wasn't much help. Lab was really rough- no one ever knew what was going on. He's too vague about what he wants. He's looking for something specific, but he won't tell you what it is. Don't take him if you don't like essay tests.
A very tough prof in lecture. Get on his good side!
I had this prof for chem 135 and chem 136. I know more material than the Bell kids, but I have a worse grade. The material is hard. I took AP chem in high school and I ended up with about an 80 in the class. If you're willing to spend countless hours studying... then this prof is for you.
Hardest Class of my life, studied literally for days to get a passing score. Class averages on tests were around 56%, no curve, power tripping department head. WATCH OUT!!!
Tests hard. Pop quizzes. Could pass for an 8-ball.
Very tough, grades on total points, no curve. Take Bell, Wang, or Aronson.
So boring to listen to. Has no personality. Repeats crap all the time. Not negotiable about grades. Marks people off for dumb stuff. Homework is easy and class is easy... but he's just an idiot
Not Great, but curves... Better then some others.
He is extremely difficult. He doesn't seem interested in helping his students do well. He is extremely smart and gives you a lot of information. It would be a great course if he was a little more personal.
This guy doesn't belong in a school. He belongs in a prison as a guard. He's a complete jerk and will never get the respect that I give other teachers.
This is one guy who is mad at the world or somthing. He plays a lot of favorites
He is very arrogant and will let you know it. He doesn't like to give A's!
There's a 5 point quiz every Friday. Tests and labs are hard and there's a lot of homework.
She really has a lot to work on, starting with the way she teaches its not only demeaning but also annoying. I got out of there and in the future if you don't have to take her don't!!
Decent lectures, relevant material. Kind of weird about helping with homework. Makes you to struggle through the material sometimes, which gets old. Fair grader though.
Talks about her family too much, extremely unhelpful in labs. You might as well do it yourself or take this class online. Class discussions very boring and you have too many labs to do in a little time. Nice lady but I would get a different Professor.
Hard teacher..and confusing to learn from.
Too much everything and quite snappy at times. Okay person, just too into her subject and assigns too much homework for an introductory class.
She is an arrogant, insulting, jaded, pedant. Her class was, by far, the worst I've had at GVSU.
Do your labs before class otherwise there is no way you can get them done in time. Prof is very picky on grading. She makes you feel stupid when asking her a question.
some of the items we are to do are unclear, quizzes before class are out of control(very particular points from the readings, labs if not done before class ARE NOT going to be completed during class...no the best teacher ever
Hated her teaching style and the class.
had floppy failure, turned paper before end of class..still docked 15% on paper.
I learned one thing in this class, I suck at programming and she confirmed it.
Do not take the Prof. her work load is rediculous and unclear very very hard
Just run the other way
hard to relate to. not very friendly. tests are VERY hard
her lectures did not really relate to what was on the tests. veryimpatient
DON"T Take!!! Gets mad if you ask questions. Unreasonable in correcting.
Teaches like all students are CS majors. Unreasonably demanding.
Lectures notes are very messy, he's indirect when answering questions, exams are too long, he solves problems on the board extremely fast, goes over unnecessarily complex problems that will never be on exams which takes time away from solidifying/ the understanding of course topics, should I go on? I hope you like weekend hw due dates :)
Prof Johnson makes engineering boring! He covers VERY basic info we learned in middle school. He does have guest speakers come in which I did really like. If you're looking for an enthusiastic, great teacher he is not your guy. Class was easy though but it was just EGR 100.
This Professor is not my favorite. The reason why is because his teachings are extremely boring and have no enthusiasm what-so-ever. He brags on his background being very egotistic a lot of the times. It's very annoying because he is arrogant for no reason, and we're trying to get there. He knows his material, but have some gaps in teaching it.
If you cheat you might pass, pathetic
Johnson has difficulty bringing the material down to students' level.
Boring, Easy, Teaches nothing. Avoid him if your taking harder comp. egr.classes
Teaches way too fast.
Comunicates better with a computer than he does with the students.
I hated this class. Prof was great at lecturing 10 minutes past the class period was over. He totally knew his stuff, but also how to put you to sleep with it. He grades super super hard on papers, and there are only three for your whole grade. Take this prof if you like to sleep in class and get bad grades.
pretty hard grader on papers, ALWAYS goes 10 minutes over class!!
I don't look forward to this class for the following reasons: 1. He is a very tough grader, especially when doing assignments on staff paper. Every little thing counts! 2. I feel that this class does not fit the description. 3. With the amount of experience I had in music this class was not helpful. Do not take if you don't have to.... PLEASE
used up every single second of class time and gave a lot of homework, the class also just was not interesting
I took MUS 100 for my art credit thinking it wouldn't be too difficult as I had lots of music experience--I was wrong. He lectures very quickly from the minute class starts until the very end and doesn't stop for questions. Tests are okay but you need to know lots of material, which he barely teaches. Wouldn't recommend him
I did not like Professor Martin at all. He says you do not need musical experience, but you most definitely do. If you miss any classes or aren't paying attention 100% of the time, you will fall behind in the class really quickly. When we moved online, he was terrible. The videos were barely legible. He also only calls you to answer questions.
He seems nice but takes music too seriously. Acts like all his students should be trained professionals. Doesnt slow down and isnt very clear. If you play an instrument you should be fine but if you dont know anything about music, stay away.
Professor Martin was helpful at times, but this was a very hard class for an entry level. I had been in band for 7 years and thought this would be a breeze. I was SO wrong. We had to write down the patterns he played on the piano and that was hard, we had to memorize major and minor scales (all), etc. One of the hardest classes Ive ever had.
Not a very personable guy. He's tolerable, for me, but he's not one of my favorite people. Don't expect him to be your friend. Also, he's very negative in his teaching style, to say the least. Good luck, and don't let Prof. Martin sway you from doing marching band! We still have Prof. York, yeah!
When it comes down to it, Martin is a jerk. I would do anything to avoid being in either of his bands. He likes to yell at you while you're trying to play and never appreciates the effort that you DO put in, especially if you aren't a music major.
Mr. Martin is not a nice person- he does not try to understand others, and absolutely everything is his way or no way. He needs to have complete control over everything or he throws a fit. He is not a personable person- everything is business, and he gives off a very negative, angry energy. As a conductor, there is no music coming out of this man.
I must say...kudos to Martin. Granted he is still an ass...he has improved sooooooooo much compared to last year. He's a nice person...when it doesn't come to band stuff. But if he wants something, he will blackmail you to get it. I'm just glad I'm not a music major....whew
I think he is an awesome music teacher. He knows what he wants the band to sound like and he does not settle for just O.K. He wants to make the students better and the only real way to do that is to sometimes be mean. He gets the job done so I can respect that.
His walking pace is to the tempo Stars and Stripes . Strict, rarely smiles!
Very old school, but his way is the best way.....right?
not a blow off, no sympathy for a tardy or for being absent...a mean man forreal
Busted my arse 3 years for this guy- NOT ONE "nice job." Loves Brown-Nosers.
He knows what he's doing, but he plays favorites. It's also hard to impress him
This class has a syllabus three times thicker than any amount of work you have to do. Attendance is necessary but for what? To sit through a lecture about...what? Reading, for what? He should have stayed doing social work in the field, and not
doesn't help much
Says what he wants even when he isn't right, and knows it. Funny guy w/sarcasm yet is unclear on what the course content entails.
very unclear, don't know what i'm supposed to know, don't like him very much
Was an alright teacher, hard to follow at times, but not too bad. Got 2 papers back from him covered in protein shake, which was kinda unprofessional, not bad overall.
"Your garunteed to walk out of this class with at least a B" These are some of his first words to you when you come to class. He is rather entertaining, not a bad guy outside of class, but not really a great teacher. the class is wotrh a shot, and really not as bad as other have made it out to be
Extremely tough class...you learn more about him than about the subject, he doesnt go over the reading, the quizzes are almost impossible (pass/fail), and the final will kill you. i would definitely not reccommend taking this course!
Worst prof ever, worst class ever, waste of my time.
hard to follow, talks only bout his sociology of food class,
lectures very unorganized; exams hard! Quizzes fairly easy;attendance important
he was kinda looney, but if you do the homework you will pass, not too hard
He jumps around on subjects too much, is very unorganized and is full of himself
This guy does not teach at all because he is to busy talking about himself
wish he wasn't so proud of that BMW motorcycle.At least he could conform & get a
I have only been in this class a couple of weeks and I regret not dropping it.
Tests, quizzes, and discussion are complete unrelated! Don't take this prof.
Tries to put his values on you.Topics are unrelated to sociology.DON'T take him.
Talks all hour about irrelevant topics, then tests on material never discussed.
We spend 15 mins. per day on content.Quizes & tests come from reading not class.
His quizzes are COMPLETELY irrelevent to sociology, and weigh too heavy on grade
Prof Rogness is a nice guy but be careful taking this class. It is purely on YOU to do well and teach yourself everything. Zero lectures are given and everything is done as a group (except exams) so if you are the type that needs a clear lecture, take a different prof. Exams are pretty difficult.
So this is his first semester teaching STA 215 and its not good. He's a nice guy, but he's teaching through team based learning meaning he doesn't teach. If you are good at reading and understanding math you'll do fine. If not, seriously pick another prof. How it goes: Read>take individual quiz>take group quiz>do group activities>HW>test
Quizzes easy- tests hard- treated students unfairly-unfair grading final project
exams were challenging and did not grade fairly on the final project
His teaching style is really bad. He somehow manages to ramble for 2 hours about material that should only take a half hour to teach. He is a very hard grader on the homework but the exams are pretty easy. If you talk to him at his office hours he will usually let you redo your homework for points back which is great. I wouldn't recommend him.
This man is the messiah of divergent thinking. He's a good man with a good heart, but he is a little unclear about things. Just keep asking him to explain things and he will edventually. Don't have it at 8 am cuz its impossible to motivate yourself to go to. Be wary, he uses "etc" a lot and he is quite the "futurist"
Don't ask him a question cuz he can't answer it! Make friends w/ assistant fast
incredibly boring lectures, went over the time limit a lot.
lectures are boring.. material is hard to catch onto.. he goes too fast
He is very passionate about his teaching, but the grades are not in line with what you learn. Poor TAs that lack communication skills. He is a great guy with interesting lectures, but the graded system is all subjective and is not objective.
EASY B HARD A
Poor communication skills. Should have been let go last year.
We met twice a semester. We didn't have any assignments, it was just 4 tests. I'm bad at econ, so I struggled, but I know other people did not. The tests were all timed and online with a huge question bank. If you take this class, take the tests in groups, you'll do better. He offered some extra credit but it was going to his events during the day.
I have taken probably 60-70% of my classes on-line between the colleges I've gone to and this is in my top 3 of terrible online classes. A professor friend of mine looked at the first exam and apologized for how ridiculously difficult the test was. Apparently this professor expects us all to have a PHD in economics already. Terrible class.
He doesn't teach, just preaches off the powerpoint, when on the test powerpoint isn't enough
This was the worst instructor I've ever had! His lectures were incoherent and he rarely even looked at the class while he mumbled through powerpoint slides. Tests were super easy though.
Never understaood what it was all about. Hard grader.
Sisay has a heavy accent; he makes a tough course even tougher
Professor Schneider was not my favorite. She was unclear with what she wanted. She would get off topic all the time with material that wasn't relevant to the class. If you asked for help, you wouldn't get a straight answer/explanation. She's a nice lady, but an average professor.
She isn't the best prof by any means,but I have had much worse. Can be very rude and will tell crazy long stories that don't even matter. Doesn't explain assignments clearly but if you put hard work into them, you will be fine. You won't know how you are doing till the end of the semester-she NEVER posts grades. Try to take another prof if you can.
She's crazy. She talks all the time, and it didn't typically concern the topic at hand. She always has a story to tell and will take an hour to tell one. I didn't learn anything in her class, but she was a nice lady. I would not recommend her at all. Pop quizzes on text were specific and the class was a waste of my time and money spent.
Run. Please don't take this lightly. She is rude; she interrupts constantly. I can honestly say I learned NOTHING in her class. Save your money, your time, and your sanity.
Schneider is very nice, but talks about herself too much. Didn't learn anything new, so take somebody else.
Professor Schneider is nice, but I did not learn anything new from taking her course. She does talk about herself quite often, which cuts into class time. The class was easy, but I felt like I wasted a lot of money. I would recommend taking another professor, simply bc I didn't gain anything from her.
Very funny and interesting lady. She has a great reading list for International children's lit. She talks quite a bit about her personal life which can be annoying when class starts 1/2 late everyday. Might as well show up late..
Dr. Schneider admittedly plays favorites, and if you're a favorite the class isn't bad. She chooses excellent texts, but I didn't learn much other than how to write a children's book.
Every class period we talked about tutoring for at least an hour, took a 20 minute break, and watched a movie. We talked about the same thing everyweek. Assignments aren't clear..the ones on the syllabus are not the ones she gives in class. The lesson plans for tutoring are so repetitive that it gets old after the first one that you write.
HORRIBLE. Repeats the same thing over and over again. SO boring. You will want to hurt yourself if you take her. Does not make her expectations clear. Such a pathetic teacher. Doesn't know how to communicate. Don't take her.
I was looking forward to this class but now that I have taken it, I wish I hadn't! She makes it very clear from the beginning who her favorites are so if you have brown on your nose, you're in luck! Very boring and is an incredibly hard grader. RUN RUN RUN!
She is very repetitive and sidetracks a lot. The sidetracks have very little to do with the class, if any. You actually learn about increasing comprehension and such rather than actually teaching reading. I loved the tutoring though.
Class was pointless, I learned nothing from her. Really the best part was going into the schools to read with the students. Other than that, there is really no point to this class
she rambles on about nothing, childrens book good to keep for your own class
VERY INCONSISTANT! Class is important, but there was never any STRUCTURE!
Worst teacher I have ever had. Never returns work, very disorganized.
Friendly on certain days of the week, lot of work but fun to make your own book.
Class was "Adolescent Lit" and we did picture books. Easy but wierd. Learned 0
Professor Haidar does not care about teaching you what you need to know about this class. He cares about how good you are at regurgitating exactly what he says and does and nothing else is accepted as correct.
Lectures where hard to follow. Would rather tell stories then teach. Classroom environment was awkward from day one. Doesn't use webworks, tough grader on handouts. Good luck getting grade updates. Tests are tough; grades on a curve. Gives out bonus points in class for participating (don't really affect final grade). Don't recommend for MTH 122.
very hard, i took calc in high school and decided to take 201 to refresh my memory, and ended up with a C. Teaches only in his way, tests and quizzes are very hard, does not like partial credit. He was a somewhat funny, but I recommend not taking this prof. also doesnt do many examples in class
Currently sitting in his class. I cant explain how worthless this prof is.
Told funny jokes, but did not really relate the material to the tests. The tests had little to do with what was taught. I felt that I didn't even have the tools to begin the problems and I put a ton of time into this class.
Take this class if you want to be closest to the center of the universe, because it revolves around him. (Or so he believes). Ineffective teaching methods. Would much rather "impress" you all day with his knowledge of math, which isn't very helpful. Makes up for not teaching well by doing massive curves.
Very difficult for me. I had not taken math recently, but class avg on most exams in D range. Tests always included material from chapters later in book. Prof willing to help, rude in doing so, but he takes effort into account. Spends most of class w/jokes, goes over very few examples and only HW ?s ASKED in class. Must learn on own from book.
Dr. Haidar was the worst professor I have ever had. He didn't teach the subject matter, only answered questions from assignments adn you were expected to learn it on your own. Most questions on exams were things we had never learned. EXTREMELY unhelpful and never thinks he is wrong. He was absolutely horrible! If you want to pass don't take him!!!!
wow guys dont do it if you can avoid any prof this is the one this is the hardest class i have ever taken and i really did well in math before be warned stay away
Very personable guy. Class time is enjoyable and fun, but he's not the greatest teacher. Sometimes hard to follow and doesn't explain things well when questions are asked. Tests are very difficult, even though he curves well. Course grade is based (almost) completely on exam and quiz grades.
Funny, funny guy. Cracks me up. However, I would never recommend him. He is sometimes hard to follow, and if you think you've done well on a test/quiz think again; you've probably failed. I had a hard time learning anything, and so now I have to take the class over again. Oh boy.
This class is a drag. He talks and its hard to listen. The stuff is easy, but he puts it in ways to be difficult. If you know how to do a problem, you better make sure its his way or its wrong. Other than that, he jokes and doesnt get anything done.
He wrote the rating underneath this one. TRUST ME!!! Only he thinks hes funny. Yes he is late every day. The only people that get an A are the people that dont need to take the class in the first place TYLER!!! And im not your F'ing friend, my friend.
First class at GVSU. I had a 4.0 from more prestigious college. Absolutely, hands down, no doubt about it, the worst Prof ever. Why do they keep this man around??
Made math the nightmare I always knew it was. Tests seemed to be written in code. I spent hours and hours studying, but there was no point. When test time rolled around, I thought I'd stumbled into the wrong class.
We learned a lot in class, not too much assignments but his exams are the hardest freaking ever, even math majors avoid this guy!!!
Could these tests be any harder.....highly unlikely
You're better off with someone else! Non-passible tests! You'll see!
tests are impossible to pass
his tests are hard, DONT write you work on a seperate page he will get very mad!
his tests are really hard
Entertaining, but grades hard. Tests VERY hard. Avoid if possible. : /
this professor was the hardest to learn math from. 10 passes out of 30.
Good class til test time, He makes sure you know he is smarter.
Final is impossible
likes to give impossible finals and projects, likes to fail
I'm math major, had very hard time. Tests/quizzes very unfair-not over h.w.
Don't get behind, or ask questions that he has answered already,final is impossi
Worst professor ever. Condescending. Belittles his students. Late everyday.
5 Min late everyday, get on good his good side key to better grade. Exams hard!
Had calc in H.S, he made a very simple subject really hard!
Wells tries really hard to create a good learning environment with no testing or anything, but you are only graded on a final portfolio at the end... this was not too bad as he told us exactly what we needed in it. Classes are so all over the place it's crazy, ALWAYS on tangents nothing makes sense--stopped listening but was fine
This class was very difficult, and the professor was not the best at teaching the material in an understandable way. Be prepared to teach yourself everything. We had few actual lectures, just activities we had to work through ourselves to learn the ideas. The course was "ungraded" so your grade only depends on a final portfolio due at the end.
He means well and really wants you to learn but he cant properly teach the material, you have to learn outside of class, but he expects too much background knowledge and presumes all his students are math majors with knowledge and skill in software and concepts that he takes for granted. Non-math majors would NOT pass this class. Withdrew
Professor Wells is average. The classes are all lectures and the grades come from the work done outside of class. Homework is about 5-10 hours a week. He mixes up his vocabulary sometimes which may confuse you. Each portfolio meeting determines your grade but the final meeting grade on that is all that matters. Focus on the portfolio.
Super nice guy and wants you to do well. However, his class structure is awful. You will be graded over one paper for the entire year. He gives no homework so you never understand the algebra involved and forget what he taught in lecture. Do not take this class if you plan on taking higher math courses!
The entire class is based on proof's so you can imagine it's not very fun. You are graded entirely on your portfolio that you build throughout the year and that he helps you correct along the way. If you read the book a little and put in work early in the semester it's not that bad. He is better than the other 210 Prof's though. Take him for 210!
I'm really good at math but he makes it so hard to understand. If you ask him a question that should take 10 mins to answer he will ramble for an hour about it and then end up not answering it. I would avoid him at all costs.
Didn't really explain anything. Graded fair, but seemed to treat all students poorly.
OMG this guy is sooooooo confusing he doesn't answer questions. he answers them with another question. and he's very hard to follow. i would definitely not suggest this guy to anyone.
This class could have been easier but he is not clear in explanations. He made the third test easier because he saw how bad everyones grades were. The final was hard too.
Wells is one of the worst professors I've ever had. He answers all of his questions with questions and makes it very difficult to understand anything. He uses stupid analogies that only make things more confusing. If you have to take MTH 110, DO NOT take it with him!
This was a very difficult class. He knew what he was talking about, but didn't know how to express that to us. Only take this if you have to. Make sure to take CS 162 before you take this because he expects you to know and understand programing, so know how to program if you want to pass his class. Proofs are huge, so know them too, or you'll fail.
OMG!! PLEASE DON'T TAKE THIS MAN FOR MATH 110!!! He was horrible n made the class very boring. The tests never covered what we learned the previous weeks ahead!! PLEASE TAKE OUR WORD!!! BEWARE OF CLARK WELLS: HE CONTRADICTS EVERYTHING U EVER LEARNED ABOUT MATH!!
very hard to pay attention in this class. he's never straightforward in helping.
Worst prof ever. DO NOT TAKE HIM!! i worked way too many hours outside of class, and still didn't do well. Avoid.
Not easy, makes things harder than they really should be, ask a question=confusion
Weird teaching style. Just keeps asking questions, doesn't really lecture. Pretty ineffective for a lot of people.
Good Luck
Nice guy but very frustrating; assigns hard homework and doesn't collect it.
Hard to follow, portfolios very challenging, very difficult class
I have never been so frustrated with a prof. in my whole life
Wants you to figure things out yourself. Lots of outside work to make you think
Confuses you more if you ask q's. Not helpful. I did better in harder Algebra
likes to answer questions with questions and doesn't do examples
Doesn't answer questions, confusing, get out if you don't need it!
Does not answer ?'s directly & gives confusing lectures.
Lots of self learning, he's not a lot of help when you ask him a question
Hull is not a good prof. This class is only for individuals who are thinking about majoring in anthropology.Three exams which were horrible+ a 20 minute presentation made for a miserable semester. Avoid
She is a good teach but stutters
no free thinking-similar to lower level core classes,but requirered for ant maj
Wasn't one of my favorite professors, wouldn't recommend her at all...take someone else if possible. Assigns very difficult journal articles to read. Exams aren't the easiest.
Her class is not impossible, but definitely be prepared to but in a lot of time and effort. She will give you assignments every week and 3 exams worth 3/4 of your grade so you need to do well on ALL of them. Not too bad, but I really had to work for my B+.
Papers are somewhat challenging and we had homework every week; not interesting to listen to but if you work very hard you may still get an A.
.
she kept comparing everything to japan :(
easier than the other CS350 sections. Not the best prof, but not the worst.
Won't repeat anything and makes his students feel inferior.
Material really wasn't that hard and you get a notecard for the exams but she wasn't a great teacher. Did not learn much from her; had to learn it all on my own. She's bareable.
Exams were way too hard; she gives you no resources or tips to study for them. Didn't seem to put much effort into the class. Didn't even tell us when the final was for our class until finals week. If you can, try taking this class with another prof.
Exams were impossible and her communication of exam dates and content was poor. Assignments are easy and the material seems easy until you take the exams.
This was Dori's first semester teaching 310, and we had lots of issues with our exams. Exams alone make up 60% of your grade. You really have to put in effort and time if you want to pass this class. She was confusing most of the time, and I felt I could've done better in this class with a different prof. She's nice, but this class is difficult.
Dori is not the best professor. She rushes through the material so fast and the study guides are nothing like the exams.
Professor Danko seems to be a good person, but is not a good professor. She doesn't encourage questions at all. She teaches very fast, this may be due to the class only being 50 mins long. IF you're not good at accounting naturally this will be a very difficult course.
I personally think Professor Danko is a great person, but feel as if she dropped the ball a bit teaching this class. I found her exams to be extremely tough. She does give her own notes which are usually helpful guides, but her in class lectures barely cover anything. I felt as if she wasn't prepared to teach half the time she was lecturing.
Homework is not on a routine, it spread across the calendar, if your the type to do homework on certain days every week this won't be the class you want. The team activities are good for testing your knowledge as well as getting help from the group.
Expects a lot of outside studying. Gives very vague feedback and exam reviews. While she does care about teaching, she doesn't seem to grasp that not everyone is at the same level of learning.
Have weekly homework on Cengage and some you cannot figure out on your own. I had to get help from a friends dad who was an accountant to get 100% on the homework. Pre-Quizes for each chapter are confusing, I used google. Tests have multiple choice questions that were impossible. She's a nice lady but took off way to many points for little mistakes
I found class with Dori to be extremely difficult. She rarely goes over problems in class and I spent hours working through examples from the textbook on my own to learn the material. I struggled the entire semester to pass this course. For all the work I put into this class, I feel like I still don't have a good understanding of accounting.
She doesn't explain stuff. Plan on getting a tutor. Never use the book in class. Kiss up to her and you'll do better.
Horible. Snappy to talk to. From an experience I had with her, I asked to turn in my homework because the syllabus didn't say it had to be turned in, and she became rampant and stormed off. Seems nice, but one on one can be extreamly hurtful and mean.
She is great for acct majors, but she makes it extremely hard and takes it way too seriously for a beg. acct class-especially since most people in the class are business majors and are required to take accounting. The tests are ridiculous and her lectures make no sense unless you already understand acct. Do NOT take her if you are not an acct major
This prof is amazing for accounting majors, however, she makes it extremely difficult and takes it way too seriously for a beginning level accounting class...especially since most people in the class are business majors and are required to take accounting. The tests are ridiculous and her lectures make no sense unless you already understand acct.
This is a horrible class if you aren't a business major. Dori is a good professor, but I find myself still confused a lot. Study a ton outside of class, & get a tutor. It was still extremely hard for me though.
This class is really really hard! I don't think she makes it any better....
Average prof. Does not follow the book, or explain anything. Makes you think for yourself. Goes of on tangents alot!
Get ready to feel like you are back in 3rd grade. Mandatory reading and chapter questions due for each of the 14 chapters. Hope you like spending $120 on a worthless book. And by the way, the questions you think up for each chapter become your exams.
"Since I am now dept. Chair...", egotistical, bashes MS and is a Mac Lover
Where GVSU gets such bad professors I'll never know.
he comes late everyday and just reads the book to you and not very good at that
I would never take her class again. Lowkey being mean towards me because I'm able to speak multiple languages and she says something about I should see writing consultant because of my background?! I'm not sure what exactly is she trying to say but it wasn't nice.
Prof. White was super sweet and gave great feedback; but she treats you like a child, gives no time to work in lab, and assigns pointless ready that takes up unnecessary time.
Very slow lectures that give you no idea how you're doing in the class until it's too late to change your grade.
I enjoyed this professor throughout the course. That is until two days our portfolios were due she said mine was not a passing portfolio. I ended up with a B.... Case Closed.
Prof. W is a very hard grader. She doesn't explain papers well at all and if you can get a different 098 teacher do it, I still don't feel prepared for 150. If you are stuck in her class she basically gives everyone a B or lower so good luck.
What a nag. You do the same thing every day, and then she nags you about it.
she is a very happy person, even when she is saying that oyur paper is bad or yellinga tthe class she is smilling, it gets very annoying, she is very willing to help but she says the asmae thing over and over and is very onclear aobut what she says
I did not enjoy her at all. She says the same thing 5 differant ways. When she critic my papers she was very inconsistent. I would not recommend her for WRT 150.
She's confusing, but easy to talk to through e-mail (not in person)...she's okay
doesn't explain well; grades easy; go to wrt lab for extra help;
she needs to explain things. i still don't know what a personal essay is!!!!!
not nice or leanant
I disagree with everyone, if you are not good history he is not a very good prof. If you understand history this class will be a breeze.
An art class but do not expect to get any of your projects even close to done in class. The class is confusing to understand. I did not even understand the main concept of the course until the last week of class and so didn't my classmates. I would never take this class if you are not an art major. Terrible choice for a gen ed art class .
Paul is a really fun guy, and he's great to get along with, but the class has a lot of work to stay on top of. He talks a lot and it's usually not very interesting, I zoned out a lot. He gives you a lot of assignments and little to no directions on what to be doing.
Paul is HILARIOUS! but his teaching could do some work... He is an amazing person but isn't very clear when describing the projects and giving you help..
class has no structure, and there is no clear expectation, it is all a shot in the dark. "Do whatever" until whatever gives you a bad grade. Ctrits are useless, a huge waste of time, you walk away not knowing how to improve. Untimely feedback, and doesn't listen to you, but hears what he wants. Hard to get along with, wouldn't recommend
i got a decent grade in his class (b+) and still ahve no idea what it was all about. paul would leave the class for a half hour or so, coming back to do his own work and turning away students asking for help. don't expect to understand anything in his class, it's very dissorganized.
ADD! Today he brought in a football and was throwing it at us while we worked!
Overall a good prof. Very intelligent. A bit vague. Kinda weird. Nice guy.
Very cool prof. great ideas, really knows how to be in touch with students
Very vauge, but a fun professor to be around. Very knowledgeable of all Art.
played favorites. not open to others' views. class boring and he asks dumb ?s.
I've taken taken a few biology class, this class was the worst biology course I have ever taken. Jodee is a sweet lady but she's disorganized. She uses no outline or PowerPoint everything is on the board which is super confusing when she switches topics every two seconds without telling u if she's still on one concept or not. Her tests are hard!!!!
Professor Hunt was one of the worst professors I've had at Grand Valley. She is very nice, but her lectures are confusing, information given is not what was on the test. I was very frustrated and she didn't help me very much when I asked for clarification. She acted like she didn't care. I would be her friend, but hated being her student.
global sustainable agriculture. She covers basic ecological concepts that everyone already knows,yet expects considerably more effort and research out of you than she shows herself. Exams are take home essays and the heftiest exams I've ever taken. I wish I'd never decided to take her class. Never failed on a paper until I took this class. Avoid!
Exams are excruciating and note-taking is like no other course I've taken. Exams are essays consisting of 3 questions; each including many diffent related topics from assigned readings and notes. You write as fast as you can and there isn't enough time or room on the pages to include all that she wants, let alone think about what she wants...
Disappointing. She sped through each lecture like it was a race to the finish. Would have been amazingly interesting if there had been more discussion(I enjoyed the assigned readings a lot). She says she encourages disc. and questions, but she just doesn't stop to breathe. I think she loves to hear herself speak. My grade was good, prof. wasn't.
Think you learn a lot in class? Tests seem to show otherwise. She is the only one allowed to be funny. Not very accomadating to stdnts with learning problems or in need alt. testing. Get on her good side, it may benefit you. Schizo? Maybe. Still,
Burns is a great guy but a horrible prof. His lectures were a waste of time for me personally. I learned more from simply reading the textbook. He does show videos in class that he asks a few questions about on the exams, so skip at your own risk. Interesting material, he just read off the slides.
Professor Burns is very passionate about what he is teaching, and you can tell he knows what he's talking about. However, his lectures can be hard to follow at times, and I never knew exactly what to study for his exams. The exams were tough because some material was taken directly out of the book and was very specific.
Nice professor as long as you understand what he's saying. The more questions you ask the more irritated he becomes. I felt like I learned a ton in this class but my grade didn't reflect that bc his tests are crazy insane. He expects you to know all 3 chapters in great detail for each test. He is not specific on what you should study for.
lectures were scattered, tests too. Journals interesting but took a lot of outside work, the more I made them up the better my grade. Class attendance virtually pointless, just read the book and you'll do fine
I also was encouraged to come by his office for help. Everytime he tries to push you out quickly as possible. The class was good, encourages questions. Just dont expect help outside of the class
Good guy, good sence of humor. First essay is unclear, he doesn't give good direction for it. Not the hardest class I've had, but not the easiest. Study and don't procrastinate.
Awful, i hated it, lectures were pointless, the tests impossible, class avg C
A lot of work! Quizzes, projects, and tests. Only learned from the book.
Willing to help students but a little iffy
I could tell he didn't like me
He is not friendly to all of his students!!!!!!
Class is incredibly difficult, if you don't have a solid background in Chemistry you're in for a ton of studying. He isn't a bad person, but will come across as mean if you don't understand his humor. Overall, he's knowledgable, but unless you are a genius at Chemistry, you're pretty much out of luck
He is really hard, I would not recommend taking him unless you have lots of spare time. He is really funny and a great teacher, but if you do not understand the material in class, you are out of luck. The class is very fast-paced and he assigns tons of homework. Do not take him if you have a learning disability because he does not understand them.
Horrid, run for your life! He loves the smart kids, but thinks those who aren't good at chemistry are destined to be stupid. Insulting in class if you ask a less than brilliant question. Very hard to talk to outside of class. Seriously, he's an ass. Take someone else.
If you are smart, you are his best friend. If you have trouble or need help, you are screwed with him.
Avoid this class like you would avoid the plague!! This man is absolutely ridiculus. There is no way other than lucky guessing to get an A in this class. You could study all you want and still get a C. That's just the way he works.
Class is tolerable but he's IMPOSSIBLE. Buy the test bank. Class has nothing to do with the test. I'm convinced that there is no way to do well in his class. Absolutley convinced.
this class is terrible. the professor reminds me of the ringleader in a circus. very loud, obnoxious, bangs the desk. it's a bit much to be dealing with at 930 am.
makes you buy his expensive text that you can't return, has napolean complex
Lectures are nonsense, absolutely no basis for the grades he assigns. Avoid
he wrote the text book himself and argues any one elses opinions
DROP THIS CLASS, tests contain random questions, lectures he just rambles
Just awful. Class was boring, expensive book not available at bookstore, written
Repeats himself often, meanders from syllabus, bashes other faculty.
I don't like him.
makes you buy the textbook he wrote
Want to pass this class? Three words. GET. A. TUTOR. I came into theory with virtually no knowledge in the subject. However, the fact that I'd played piano for years saved me. Despite being a hard worker, I struggled VERY much in Copenhaver's class. He is a brilliant man and musician, but his teaching style is abstract and unorganized.
Quirky personality and very interested in what he teaches. Discourages students with hurtful comments and is very unorganized- often misplaces students work (but blames the student).
Dr. C is one of the most useless teachers I've ever had. He's unorganized, scattered brained his tests are TERRIBLE. Just pay attention and read the book, and you'll do OKAY. Good guy- horrific teacher.
He's a cool guy and a brilliant musician, but I do not like how he taught this class. He jumps way ahead to things you don't need to know yet which makes it confusing and challenging, and then doesn't spend enough time on what you should be learning. He is very disorganized in his teaching. The homework was often impossible and not helpful.
This professor doesn't understand that there are people out there that aren't music majors. He trys to teach to people as if they were in his theory class, someone needs to tell him that this class is a gen.ed. Plus he is a jerk to anyyone who doesn't catch on to what he is saying. Don't take this class with him!
Dr C makes a much better department chair than professor. He should still teach all the freshman Aural classes though. If we had to live through that THEY should have to live through it!
You either like him or hate him. Knows his stuff. Can be a real jerk when he's in the mood. Penalty if you're not a good singer. Not worth the bother. Don't take him if you're unsure about a major in music, he'll turn you off the idea instantly.
i failed the class and i know more than my friend who is in 4th semester sight singing at another college. It's tough, and it weeds you out if you can't cut it, but twice around isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Gives huge assignments without considering the lack of lab space and our time.
forgot that he is teaching theory 1, not 4 -not easy to approach w/ problems
I cant hear modes for Jack, and he doesnt make me feel like I can ask for help
when u have one teacher for theory and him for sight singing, he's VERY dificult
He is very biased, giving good grades to students he likes, and failing others.
This professor failed me because my music was too difficult.
terrible grader. takes lowest of two grades for final grade. Terrible class!
If you aren't majoring in Stats, and it comes easily to you, or even if you like teaching yourself, Prof. Jinn is fine. He's (sorta not really) funny, and there isn't much work. If you need to use Stats anytime after 215 however, I would NOT take this professor
Prof. Jinn is hilarious! Honestly just loved class because of his personality. He can be condescending but that's his sense of humor. Overall, if you just listen, you'll get an A. The programming at first is kinda difficult, but once you get the hang of it, the class is a piece of cake. If you're a stats majorminor, highly recommend.
Hard to understand, condescending, makes you feel stupid if you don't understand the material. He is funny, but that wasn't worth the class experience. If you can get someone else, do it.
Hard and confusing class and Prof. He's semi nice and tells entertaining stories, but that was his only redeeming quality. I've heard Frobish's class is much easier.
great prof. sometimes hard to understand but just ask him to repeat if you get lost. VERY FUNNY! he hates to see students not trying
Very hard to understand, and very rude when you as a question!
As a math major I thought that it would be easy. Boy was I wrong. He made it quite a challenge. Now, I enjoy a challenge, but the professor needs to teach for me to learn. Jinn does not teach. I got an A, but only because I read the book a lot. Take him, but be ready to work for your grade.
i started out in this class then dropped it after the first 2, I knew this guy would be no good...TAKE PROFESSOR REGAN INSTEAD, *THE* best prof I've ever had!! don't believe me? Check out his ratings
If you don't understand the homework assignment go to the math lab because he will not help you. He wants you to learn stats on your own. If you want to be taught don't take him, but if you are able to teach yourself you should do fine.
Craziest professor in the world
Makes you feel stupid if you don't understand the topic. The best thing about the class is that you can use notes on the exams.
Funny, picky grader, calls on random students, if you don't know don't go
Makes fun of students who fail tests. Avoid him if unassertive.
just write the book in your notes and take it to the test its all open notes
it is very hard to understand him unless you listen very carefully.
horrible. makes fun of students, rude, and class is way too fast paced
Should NOT be allowed to teach! Unfair, unclear, and very rude
Class average on the first exam was in the 40% range. He is VERY knowledgeable
Professor Tripp expects you to participate in class but yet when you are talking he interrupts you so much. He is a hard grader and is not very good when it comes to answering questions.
Prof Tripp has very high expectations for work-sometimes excessively high, but can be funny. He expects different writing from different students and enjoys some student's styles more than others. Be prepared to write a lot of papers, and be prepared to rewrite them. He is accessible outside of class, but prepare to have your work torn apart.
Prof. Tripp expects a different type of paper from each student but makes it near impossible to get it there. Being able to rewrite the papers are nice except that when you go into office hours he basically trashes your entire paper and all your ideas and decides what you should write about which makes it even harder to formulate your own ideas.
Not a fan of professor Tripp. Very tough grader. I would look elsewhere for this credit if possible. Not on my list of desirable professors at Grand Valley.
Steve makes you earn it! Incredibly difficult grader and the assignments made me completely hate writing altogether. Would not recommend. REPEAT! Would NOT recommend.
He's a terrible professor, he assigns enough reading for all 5 classes combined. When the entire class does not do well on an assignment, he blames the entire class and does not think that could be his fault. He is a decent guy, but he is not a fair professor.
Same as the comment below. The class is based on his opinions and the papers are hard when you dont know what he is really looking for. Class can get boring at times, but you dont have to memorize any dates or facts and you get a whole sheet of notes to use on exams which helps a lot!
He is the worse prof I have had since I got here 3 years ago. He loves to here himself talk and when he critiques your paper is use of words make you uncomfortable to go and talk to him. STAY AWAY FROM THIS ****!
Didn't want him for Capstone, but he was the only one teaching it at the time...the guy's a blowhard...tough grader but makes you work...if you don't agree with his opinion on something (even if you back your point up) YOU'RE SCREWED!!!
Rewrite what he says and still get bad grade - then leave scratching your head
If he doesn't like you will grade you that way. Bring EVERYTHING to class.
He is very hard and expects you to knoe everthing.Don't like his class.
Chester isn't as terrible as everyone makes him out to be. He has a good sense of humor, but his handwriting is terrible and he is fairly bad at explaining concepts, and sometimes (often) gets lost or makes a mistake while doing problems in class. The textbook is quite good and considering the class really doesn't cover much material, it's not hard
Does not know how to teach undergrad students. Just reads off slides and cannot simplify the info. If you can take the class with another prof., do it! He does not even do the homeworks before he hands them out.
Teach yourself. His hand writing looks like doo-doo-poo
Class is very boring. Chester wears the same red polo and black pants to class every day!
Boaring, but a really nice guy... enjoyed class when i was able to stay awake.
There does not exist a more boring professor.
Horribly boring. Hard to avoid taking for CISC280 though
Lecture so boring. I can read the book myself.
LISP? Can we say Sanscrit?
Terrible teacher!! Took her for 117 and was overwhelmed. She flies through lessons at laser speed. Her gradings are harsh and unforgiving.
not as great as everyone says, can't manage time, can't explain, goes WAY FAST!
I hated this class. It was long and hard to listen to her for 2 hours. However, she got me to learn the material. She didn't give back graded work in a timely fashion and was not really approachable at all. But if you need to take this class she isn't the worst prof you could take.
Easy tests. Lots of busy work
she was unwilling to help. very picky
There are many Bio120 teachers, and I would take anyone of them before I took her class again. The biggest problem were her in-class questions; they are near impossible. They brought my semester grade down 6% the last day of the semester. Tests are all online. Not too much homework. Lecture Heavy. If you HAVE TO take Deb, get a tutor day 1.
Theres these in class questions every time the class meets, which for me was three days out of the week. Theyre impossibly difficult and no matter how hard I studied for them I still managed to get a good handful wrong. For lecture she reads straight from the book and doesnt explain any of the material. She was kind, and all exams were online.
She flies through lecture notes with minimal explanation- I think she simply just reads out of the textbook. I never have enough time to write down everything she writes and says. If you want to pay for someone to read a textbook to you take this class with her.
Gives very confusing lectures for a fully online class and her tests were very difficult and solely based on her lectures, a lot of information and if you aren't naturally great at bio I recommend a different professor if you can.. maybe she's better in person.
She switched from completely in-person to fully online two days before the course started. She is not very tech-savvy and barely responded to emails. I had to get a tutor because I was so confused. You honestly don't need the textbook because in order to get a passing grade you have to memorize her lectures. Avoid if possible
I did not enjoy her class at all. This class really stressed me out, and was pretty difficult. You really have to work for it, which can be hard when you're also managing lots of other classes. Her exams are very challenging so put in a lot of time if you want to do well. I do not recommend taking her class!
I knew I was in for a hard class when she started giving a lecture immediately after she finished reading the syllabus. She writes notes on a whiteboard as she's talking and going through the presentation, but she moves quickly and I often couldn't really listen to what she was saying because I was too busy trying to take the notes.
She is a really nice lady. But, once we really started diving into the material, it was hard to keep up and required a lot self-teaching to really understand the concepts. She writes notes to copy but they can be hard to understand. She offers lots of extra credit throughout the class, which can come in handy on the 3 exams and final.
She just feeds you bullet point notes and doesn't really do a good job of explaining. Sometimes you just feel like you have no idea what's going on. Final exam was ridiculously hard and had stuff that we weren't prepared for. Don't recommend.
Wonderful and kind person, but the material was not... favorable. The important info for tests and quizzes is written on a tiny white board and often erased before you can finish transcribing everything. The info also seems a bit dated, you don't get to keep tests for study material, and occasionally I caught wrong info. Great person, poor lecture.
Simon teaches like we are in the 80's. She never uses the real whiteboard on the wall, she just uses this little whiteboard on her desk with the camera, she writes the whole time, and gives you less then 20 seconds when shes done writing to finish your writing. She expects that you are all experts in the field for a 100 level entry course. DISLIKE!
Better be good at teaching yourself
Gave dull, dry lectures that consisted of her drawing on a white board and you having to teach yourself the content. Also forced the entire class to buy a service called 'top hat' that was used to quiz us instead of actual quizzes, screamed LAZY to me
Deb was okay. The entire class really just consists of her writing down notes on a whiteboard for us to copy. I ended up having a textbook size amount of notes in the end, which is rather difficult to study from, so beware if you're planning on being in her class. The tests weren't too bad, but overall, the class was just kind of boring.
The good news is the exams are only worth 40 points, the bad news is they are quite difficult because there are a ton of notes to study for and she basically crams all the information onto the relatively short exams. I'm scared for the finals because it's only 50 points and we had a ton of notes over the semester.
Not very good at explaining things. She expects you to already know most of the information. Recommend writing notes although she goes pretty fast. Must study a ton to pass the class.
Class is overall very lengthy, lots of information to be learned. She teaches kind of quickly but not terribly hard.
This class itself is very hard to pass. This class was designed to push you to the limit. Her lectures feel like they're longer than they are. She speeds through most the information so I'd recommend a voice recorder to get everything. She makes you take a workshop, which is helpful because it's a chance to ask questions and go slow over material.
She is very unclear, even when you ask for help one on one. The tests are very tough, so study hard. I would not reccomend her.
Absolutely horrible professor. I had her for lab and she was the toughest grader I've ever come across. You actually have to beg her to help you and clarify things. DO NOT take her!!
She is the devil, 666 Dont take her unless you're into self harm.
Professor Simon had a monotone voice. Her lectures were long and she made everything way more confusing than it needed to be. I like Biology, but this class was extremely hard and painful.
Avoid her at all costs. I had over 100% in lecture and a 4.0 GPA yet my lab grade with her was a C. All group work and she grades ridiculously hard. Talks down to the class and is very condescending. Take this comment seriously, switch lab instructors.
She flies through all of her notes way too fast and there is just an overload of info. Her tests are difficult and try to trick you with way too many options. I would not recommend her if you want to understand the material and get a good grade. Get out while you can.
Prof Simon was my hardest prof at GV. She has good office hours and is willing to help if you go to her, but she will leave you feeling just as confused when you leave. Her tests are really tricky. She constantly tries to throw you off. you have to know every little detail to pass. The amount of material you have to study for tests is not worth it.
Prof. Simon is a very nice lady but an impossible grader. There is a bunch of course work to do as it is but be prepared to do way more work in lab compared to other BIO lab professors. I would NOT recommend for Biology 120.
she was a horrible professor! Seriously get out of her class while you can. Her exams were horrid and confusing and almost impossible to get a good grade on them. Amount of study time was not shown in exam outcome. She also lectures from start to finish of class and doesn't give a lost of time for questions and she talks really fast. She was bad.
This teacher is absolutely awful. She gives a million choices on her tests and nothing is like you talked about in class. She is just so rude. If you can avoid it at any cost, DO! Don't take her if you don't have to!!!!
The papers were easy enough, but tests were strange. I took meticulous notes, studied hard (usually I get A's) but still did poorly on exams. Several times we found that answers in lecture notes were diff than 'correct' answers on exam. I know of NO ONE who got an A in this class, no matter how much they studied.
This teacher is not bad but she was not very friendly when I asked questions. When I attended office hours not much help was given. Tests are EXTREMELY DIFFICULT i studied all the time, I would know the notes by heart but that didn't matter come test time.
Very very hard teacher. She lectures through the whole class and you write down everything she says. Class is long and boring and the exams are super hard. Every question has the obtions, a. b. c. d. e. a & b. a & c. b & c & e or all the above. ITS HORRIBLE.
Not relatable and confusing. Not concise with the directions she gave for lab papers, and when approached becomes defensive about this. She changes her mind and marks you down for things you had correct according to her first set of directions. I heard rumors she would try to prevent you from getting a good grade, and these were confirmed.
Class average for first exam 64. Class average for second exam was worse. Way too much info is given and not very clear. All you do during class is write every word she says the whole class everyday. By the end of class my hand is permanently cramped. Avoid at all costs! Tests are impossible to ace! Avoid at all costs!
Avoid her if at all possible! Her lectures are word for word from the book; she doesn't explain anything at all. If you ask a question she has to look through the notes to find the answer but the majority of the time she doesn't even know the answer at all. If you get stuck with her, get a tutor. They explain it MUCH better.
Very hard class, the lectures are really boring and she doesn't seem to know what she's talking about all the time. She makes seem like you have to write down everything she says, which is way too much for you to soak in and actually learn.
long lectures, hard tests
Her lectures go on forever. She talks forever on her powerpoints making it so everything she says, you have to write down. She gets somewhat frustrated when you ask her to repeat things. Her quizzes can be aced, not so much her exams. Good luck with this one!
I don't recommend this professor. It seems like she is always yelling and irritated at the class. She likes to grade like it is a level 600 graduate course. When the other lab courses average grade was a 75% on the lab report, hers was a 60%. She does not work with the students if they make mistakes. Overall, I think that this lab was a waist o
EVIL!
Very intimidating and hard grader. You never knew what exactly she wanted and at one point the highest grade in the class was a C. Not impossible, but seemed to enjoy making your life miserable.
HORRIBLE! do NOT take!! she is rude and mean and just completely unpleasant! she grades ridiculously and makes it so its very hard to do well!!
She is EVIL!! Likes to make freshman squirm. Very intimidating presence. Makes things much more difficult and complicated than should be. She likes to confuse you just so you can ask her a question then when she tells you you will think she is so amazing!!!! She is on a power trip and takes bio lab
didnt seem like she wanted to be there what so ever. very hard on grading, and made the over all lab much harder than it should ahve been. very bland and not interesting at all
She was very snide and treated you like you were an idiot. I didn't get anything from her class because I always felt unprepared even if I had read the assignment beforehand. I would definately try not to get her or her sister.
if you are taking bio107 take eric snyder. he would be so wonderful. VERY picky always answer why if possibly can. even if there isn't room on the paper. Grades tough nice enough is there if you have questions not terrible not the best
If you are a male in her class...GOOD LUCK!!! She is difficult and seemes to hinder rather than help you. Tries to be intimidating, but don't let that fool you.
Um...all these people who gave her a smiley face are crazy...she is by far the worst lab teacher EVER! She takes a rediculous amount of points off for the smallest errors. HORRIBLE I tell you! Stay away!
She really understands the material but it feels like she's always yelling at you. She helps you to learn, she doesn't just tell you the answer, but it feels like you're on the spot all the time. She's a challenging lab prof.
Hard, has little commpassion, lots of quizes, take Janet Vigna
she grades EXTREMELY hard and unfairly. was helpful with ?s, but that's about it
Nice guy that really does want his students to succeed. Favorite response to questions - "eeeeeh" - to show how much research is currently going on in this field of science. Exams are fair & textbook usage is minimal (do not need to buy). Overall, a fair prof.
Professor Morgan gave a good first impression, but he turned out to be terrible. He never admits he's wrong, even when he is. I am getting a better grade in chem 241 than in here, that's pretty sad!
The lab is horrible. Nice guy, but does not help you half as much as you think.
seemed condescending towards students, assignments were not made clear enough, unorganized, negative attitude, not a natural teacher
He is OK
BLAH
Although Prof Smith is quite smart, I find myself lulled to sleep almost everyday in his class- and I love English! But this class was not only bland in the reading material, but extremely hard in the tests and essays! I felt bored most of the time and frustrated other times.
Very softspoken!!! Rarely writes notes on the board even though he tests you on them. Exams and papers are on the easy side, but lecture is hard to sit through. Does not know how to communicate effectively and hates being interrupted by students.
Dr. Smith was easily the worst literature professor I have ever had. He prattles on endlessly, and is often wrong. He's offended when challenged. Discussion of texts is actually discouraged. His tests and papers are painful. Your own interpretation doesn't matter. Agree with him or fail.
A very ineffective speaker. This is important since his exams derive almost exclusively from his lectures. Not very helpful, and classes rarely hold opportunities for student reflection and interpretation of texts. Smith also unnecessarily relocated class to different buildings throughout campus.
Monotone and softspoken. The subject was interesting and there were so many ways to make the class interesting as well but they weren't taken. It was full of lectures on what I had just read, word for word, instead of analysis and in depth discussion.
Immigration class: My interest in the subject was the only thing that kept me in his class. He's very inteligent, but if anybody shuffles a page or looks through their bag, you can't hear him. Sit in the front row... that's the only way.
nice teacher, but very boring, and your going to need a hearing aid to hear him!
Lecture not clear. Plays favorites. Arrogent
Her classes were very entertaining, but I feel like I did not learn much at all. If you want something more challenging, don't take her. She's funny and her lectures are interesting, but I feel like they are more suitable for high school students than college students.
Rude, mean, very self-absorbed,obviously doesn't want to be teaching and let's the class know it.
She tells really good stories. She's nice and teaches the material well. No need to read the text. She goes over it every class period. She gives reviews for every test.
she was a lazy teacher. Did not communicate well with students as far as grades go. Did not use black board to keep you updated. Was very funny and taught well when she actually taught. The group activities were not worth my time-felt like I was in Elementary again.
Plays favorites.Her nonverbal skills will make you feel crappy if you are not one of her favs. If you want bad dating advise come here. She shouts her lectures,actually painful at times. You never get homework though and no book.
Not sure what I learned in class - Prof trys too hard to be one of the "kids" - spends half of the class telling stories about her life
very cool does have her favs lects bias but worth the class
Probably the worst teacher I ever had. Not much was learned in the class, she w
I don't think she cared I was alive.
I am so glad this class is over with because I regret taking it with this professor. She is condescending, her instructions can be vague and unclear, and it seems like she is more than willing to hand out 0's . When you ask questions, be prepared for a condescending overtone in response. Although I did well, I noticed too many others didn't.
The class was ridiculous. Her exams were very opinionated and when grading the essays we had to write, on a topic we could not choose, she focused way too much on grammar. I thought I was taking geography. Don't take this class.
worst teacher ever. has no understanding for her students and seems to pick attitudes if things are done her way. her lectures are NOTHING like her exams. she automatically assumes you have history/geog. backgrounds. and her projects = useless. AWFUL. PLEASE AVOID!!!!
worst prof i've ever had, strict grader, all essay exams
The course material was GREAT, but her grading was horribly unjustified.
Has a bad temper. Favors certain students. Not good.
STAY AWAY!! Horrible Horrible! Worst teacher ever!
Need teaching and people's skills. The Geography Dept. needs to look into this.
ave. exam scores for my class was never over 58....enough said
very articulate and consise, don't miss a lecture
lectures cover too much too quickly and tests cover absolutely everything
ok
nice guy, knows a lot about french
For a liberal studies professor she has a very conservative view of education and leadership. Doesn't understand the world students will be working in, only the one she has. Dropped after four and a half weeks.
HARD!!!! great thinker, but very hard if you dont understand philosophy
This course demands a tremendous amount of reading. You'll have read several novels at its end. It is clear that Whipps assigns too much material, as many students only have a tenuous grasp. Overall, the course is frustrating but it does have its moments of interest.
Unfriendly. Very opinionated. Not a nice person. Teaches Liberal Arts.
For me at least, this class was extremely hard for a 103 class. He graded exams and after everytime he handed back, he says " the quiz scores were not to good" so he must be doing something wrong. I have heard he is an honors prof.. Very difficult to me. not recomended for hard learners like me
Avoid unless you do logic for fun in your spare time! He expects way too much for a 100-level class and his quizes and test are really hard.I am a straight A student and barley passed his class. Seems nice at first-and is funny but his expectations for a gen-ed class ruin is potential. Take only if you are phi/logic major!
If he were half as critical on himself as he is grading assignments I think he would become a more sound professor.
I went an entire semester in Ivo's World Mythology course, and never learned a single thing about mythology. He stands in front of the class and talks about whatever pops into his head. Nice and charismatic guy, but it became hard to make myself show up, as I knew it would be just another day of random tangents.
Overall Ivo is a great guy, but I didn't learn anything in the class. Easy A, but he goes off in his own little world half the time so I spent my time in the class drawing. He assigns papers that may seem daunting, but just spark note the readings and you'll get the info and A's on your papers.
Professor Soljan is kinda boring. He takes a long time to discuss one piece of literature and wanders from the topic a lot. For an SWS class, it was low on writing; there are only 3 papers and the last one counts as the final. He is understanding but very opinionated. Show up to class and you will pass.
We had 3 papers as our only grades for the semester. If you're a semi-decent writer, it's an easy A. He might present strong opinions, and even if you don't agree it's best to say you do while writing papers to get a better grade. Lectures are pretty boring, attendance not always necessary. Overall: Easy but Boring
The class wasn't too difficult, but I don't feel like I learned very much. He often talked in circles, and got off subject from what we were supposed to be learning. He wasn't that great of a teacher, but he has a nice personality.
JOKE JOKE JOKE!!! I did NOT like this class!! By the middle of the semester I had to start bringing in homework for other classes in order to stay awake. He seems like a cool guy... just not so much as a prof...
I could not stand this class. I love Shakespeare and was so excited going in and I was completely disappointed. We barely talked about the plays and just watched the movies most of the time. He went on tangents about nothing related to the topic. Only had 3 papers which was nice but took FOREVER to return them.
I really like this guy, but we watch way too many dry and boring-to-tears movies that sometimes have little to do with the material. Also, I emailed him constantly about my paper about whether it was what he was looking for and he kept saying yes, yet when the paper was returned, I got a B- with a comment saying that I was completely off-topic
Prof. Soljan is an incredibly nice guy. He's terrible with returning papers on time though.. so any paper due after the first is turned in will have the deadline pushed back repeatedly. You may think that sounds nice, but really it's a pain because you don't know how you're doing in the class. I managed an A but wouldn't recommend the class.
Nicest prof youll ever have. So kind, makes a lot of jokes. BUT... if you want to learn about Shakespeare, take someone else. He should really teach philosophy. Thats all he talks about. He's one of those professors that is too smart to teach the material. I know nothing more about Shakespeare than I did when I started, which is disappointing.
He is a very nice man but his lectures were always off topic and are grades were only based on three papers. As long as you go to class and take a lot of notes getting a good grade isnt to hard.
very nice guy. however, the class was horrible. all we did was watch movies that were irrelevant to the class and he never told us what exactly to write for papers. DONT take him.
He is so RANDOM! I could never follow what he was talking about because it never had a point. The reading was a joke because we never discussed it.The discussions were a joke because he would shoot down everything you say. Class was a joke because you could sleep through it and still know just as much as those who didn't. Easy, but pointless class
very boring gets off topic and rushes students through books.
Complete joke. This man is a joke. Very uneducational, jokey.
Boring videos every day. Graded primarily on papers.
He's a smart guy...but videos every day gets old. Its not high school, but it'll feel like it is. Hardly even goes over the assigned readings. Preachy sometimes. Easy A but its boring.
Didnt learn much, nice guy though, always late and you have to fight to get papers back, he grades in your favor though, easy class, I didnt even buy the book and I got a B, just take notes in class.
More discussion about assigned material would have been nice; vague lectures.
You'd better know it his way. Came away more confused than when i came in!!!
Horrible. This was like being at church. All we talked about was religion
Professor Cole is a very nice man, however his lectures in class do not related to the exams AT ALL! You are required to do much research outside of class to find answers for his exam questions (owls) and you never know if they are right. He is very smart but you will not learn much from the class.
he's a really nice/funny guy, but be warned, if you don't like history don't take him. if you like history im sure it'll be great. i have not taken history since early high school and he jumped into it to quickly for me. and everyday is a boring lecture. if you dont like history you probably will have a hard time staying focused/interested.
Don't bother with this prof. Lack of organization and unclear communication are MAJOR issues with this prof. Take something else.
Did not enjoy this class. Prof Cole knows history & teaches material from memory (impressive) & has stories for it all. BUT he's very scattered & disorganized. Grade=1 paper, combo of random quizzes, & final. I was close to failing b/c of quizzes but somehow the Final saved me and I ended with a B. Overall EASY but I didn't learn anything.
Very nice person, just not the best professor. Exams are based on memorization of 200 multiple choice questions (choose the BEST answer, more than one can be correct). Did not learn very much about Russian History. A bit disappointed. He's not too difficult, but OWLS are pointless.
Really hard to take notes for the average joe... especially if you know nothing about Russia. We didn't get our work back till the end so you never really know how your doing. But I didn't try very hard and still got a B+, he does know his stuff though and can be entertaining.
Very interesting man...no linear lectures here!
typical history teacher. boring and dry. goes off on tangents...hard to follow
VERY unclear about the testing material, kinda rambles, is picky about papers
No direction, says one thing and wants another. 14 people dropped this class.
Nice guy for the most part, confusing in grading and pointless lectures
Boring, ineffective critiques, difficult, knowledgable, good hummor
This class was unnecessarily hard. By the sound of it at the beginning of the semester it sounds like an easy A class, but your grade only consists of 4 things making you have no room to mess up. To make it worse she grades unnecessarily hard!!! Would not take her ever again.
This prof. made me feel humiliated with everything I wrote. Before this class I could pull a paper off and get an A no matter what, writing was my strength. While the prof. was happy to make time outside of class to help me, her expectations were rediculous. I'm a CRAZY hard worker and take school seriously, but my quiz grades were unacceptable....
Absolutely does not care about her students actually learning or succeeding. The literature is great and definitely facilitates good discussion. If you take this class, take it with a different professor.
Can be rude and narrow-minded. Likes to point out how you are wrong, and how she is right. But according to her, you need to think the same and have the same writing style as her. The reason I called her hard is b/c in order to get a good grade, you need to be able to read her mind.
if you're a woman she's probaly a better prof. She doesn't like men nor does she like people with less than liberal views. She lacks a sense of humor as well. A hard ass with all of that, but i thought the classes were really easy.
Moody, no real grading standards, stuck on the 2nd wave. RUN!
One day she likes you, next day she doesn't. Also very sarcastic when grading.
Class is terribly hard, grading is harsh, save your sanity don't take this class
Don't take her if you don't have to
Tyson's extreme left wing ideology casts doubt on her literary lessons which emphasize liberal social issues rather than the study of literature.
Cain is a lecture heavy professor and your grade is based on 4 exams. He assigned random homework assignments and never graded them, he just went over them in class and they were never on the exams. Go to lecture and take detailed notes. Go to review sessions and write everything he says. If you can get old exams this helps immensely.
Your grade in BISC306 with Dr. Cain is based entirely off of 4 exams. That's it. You're graded based off of your answers to 29 questions per exam. I bombed exam 2 and never really recovered. Semi-interesting material but he's hard to listen to sometimes. Go to class and the review sessions and don't let it all get away from you and you'll be fine.
The lectures aren't available online, and there is no course capture, so even though attendance is not mandatory it would be best to go. He goes through the lectures kind of quickly and he is sort of jumps around sometimes. He holds reviews before the exams - GO. The exams are tough, so be sure to know your stuff. Overall, not too bad.
Powerpoints do little to guide studying and don't follow the sequence of information in the book. Doesn't respond to emails or hold office hours. The syllabus says nothing about grading or how to contact him, just lists lecture topics. Doesn't post grades. Tests are only about 35 questions so missing a couple equates to many points lost.
he teaches from the book but goes out of order and his power points aren't very useful because they're mostly pictures. you basically have to learn most of this stuff from the book because his lectures are generally pretty boring.
Nice guy who tries to help but does not know how to teach.Lectures were useless. Does not give notes just shows pictures from the textbook and explains them horribly. Slides are posted online but class had no idea what and how to study for the test . Tests are multiple choice and not horrible but a struggle to do well with this teacher.
He seemed like a really nice guy, but lectures were extremely confusing and almost pointless. Most is in the book and the tests are pretty hard. Hard to get above a C.
all he did was show pictures from the book, class is boring and not helpful, tests are extremely hard to get more then a C on. if GPA is a concern don't take this class because his grading scale pretty much garentees you a C. be prepared for lots of reading and memorization
nice guy. bad teacher, only shows slides and talks monotone, no one can pay attention. everyone gets a C (60-80%) i guess
if you are assigned this professor get out immediately...
Very hard class, doesn't really teach much, just shows pictures from the book. Just read the book and don't even go to class. Better yet, try Skopik
Do Not Take Him!! But if you do, study what he tells you NOT to study!
Nice
very difficult to understand...take Skopik!!!!! hes much easier
lectures are worthless, straight from book
Never went to class, Always read the book!! Just understand the book, thats it!
approachable person, tests do not reflect lectures, nor do they make sense
Never had the need to go to lecture because the tests never reflected his notes.
He moves very fast through complex material that my brain needs a second to comprehend. He also goes off on tangents, which makes you get lost in all the information he's throwing at you. His exams are VERY challenging, all fill in the blank & open ended, no mc. The first few weeks he makes the class seem easy and fun then after that its a b*tch.
This was the hardest class Ive taken so far by far. Carlson was very lecture heavy, but thats expected. His tests were NOT multiple choice. He wrote them himself and were SO HARD! Weekly homework is sometimes hard but you get 5 attempts. Quizzes during lecture are group quizzes. Hes a hard grader. Not very nice either. Doable but very hard work.
Prof. Carlson does not use any powerpoints or technology during lecture so it's difficult to keep up with his writing on the board. Every exam is short answer (no MC) & they are pretty difficult. He has issues connecting with his students and going to office hours isn't very helpful. I wouldn't recommend him.
Awful prof!!!!!!!! I am used to getting A's in classes and with Carlson, I am going to have to retake this class. I have studied for every test WELL in advance, have a tutor and ask questions often. Unfortunately there was no way I could get out of his class. If you have the opportunity to, SWITCH RIGHT AWAY. His exams are nearly impossible.
He is just very bad at explaining what he thinks is the major topics... he goes off on tangents leaving you wondering if that was important or not. I only struggled because I was so unsure on what notes to take and what notes to study. They is a pet peeve characteristic of a professor. He is frustrating to say the least
If you are looking to succeed in CHM 230, do NOT take this professor. His notes are very confusing and the tests are near impossible. I have succeeded in every chemistry course I have taken except this one because the structure of the class and the way the material is presented is extremely poor.
Professor Carlson is passionate about teaching and he makes really dumb jokes. Everything you need to know is in lecture. Never once opened my textbook. He lets you work in groups on quizzes but the tests are really tough. They are out of like 50 points so its really easy to get knocked down on something stupid. I would take him again
There are no notes provided for you. you have to just copy down what he writes on the board. He knows his stuff, but does not teach well. It is a difficult class and Carlson does not make it any better.
Professor Carlson is a very nice professor and he's willing to help as long as you know what you're struggling with. He is very confusing during his lectures and the textbook is no help at all because none of his material comes from it. Take a different professor if chemistry isn't your thing.
Todd Carlson is the old manchild of Dwight Schrute and Sheldon from the big bang theory. He knows the topic of study very very well, but should not be a professor because he can not teach it to his students very well. He is also very socially awkward. On the bright side, one-on-on does a better job of explaining and is willing to help
This is a VERY difficult class. I like prof. Carlson, but his tests are Really hard and he does not curve grades, the averages for his exams were usually a D+ I managed a C because of discussion and lab. He is very smart, but I wouldn't recommend him because i think he forgets that we aren't all biochem geniuses.
His tests are awful- if you do not want to retake, then do not take his class. He likes to do terrible things to us in discussion.
tests were nearly impossible no matter how many hours you put in studying. Very tricky questions. Dont skip a class and def keep up on the material. He WILL put questions he hasnt talked about in class on exams to get you to "apply" what you learned. The weekly exams are a grade booster though.
Very hard class!!! Professor is very smart but has a tough time explaining concepts in lecture. When you ask him for help, he just confuses you more. Exams are very tricky. I'm a good student, but had big trouble with this class. He's a nice guy, just doesn't teach material in a way students can grasp it.
A very intelligent guy that can talk over your head at times. He has a hard time explaining things at a level you can understand. Hard class but with work you can do it.
Tests are hard and class is too. Lecture helps but, definitely need to study
Very boring, very hard teacher if its your first chemistry class! Often confuses himself more than he makes things clear for the students.
knows his material but not a good teacher. tries to be comedic but he shouldn't give up day job, although some students would like him to.
Carlson wasnt as bad as everyone says he is. He is a pretty nice guy, and he seemed to care. If you dont understand what he is saying, just keep trying and it will come to you. His laugh is really funny. Sit up front and enjoy the class.
i had him for lab, he wastes a lot of time giving boring talks. often not prepared, doesn't have labs graded, probably does sleep in his office.
TERRIBLE TEACHER HE SUX he is very nice but does NOT know how to explain things and he is soooooooo boring
Very boring class! I had a hard time staying awake in class. Exams are hard. Not a fun time!
Monotonous lectures, very difficult tests, the guy really knows his stuff though. Perhaps should stick to research though and leave the teaching to someone who knows how to communicate with students on a similar level. We suspect he sleeps in his office.
He definately knows everything about chemistry, but can't teach it...With out his second chance exams everyone would fail! He blabs about unecessary stuff. Tests are impossible.
Nice guy, he's a good teacher but hard tests!
Blabs incessantly, test material is really hard, boring, but gives group quizes
Hard tests, boring lectures, 20 days to post grades, makes easy stuff hard
BORING, exams are HARD
spends too much time on easy material and goes too fast over hard material
tests were way too hard, lecture hard to follow sometimes, never used book
Very hard, tests seemed impossible, lots and lots of studying to pass
It's too bad he is the only one teaching this course!
Makes me fall asleep in class
It's only been the first day, but he's every boring and you cant understand him
His tests are quite difficult and most of it is info that must be applied.
Sitting through that class was torture, exams were hard, monotone, BORING!!!
wouldn't let me miss an exam for my grandfathers funeral. monotone. hard class
Makes frequent mistakes; approachable but can't answer simple questions
I wouldn't recommend him. Very dull!!!
Lectures are boring and often aimless, and his ego is hard to bear.
She's the ENGL department's internship coordinator. Dislikes non professional writing concentrators. Doesn't tell you the internship requirements at all, you need to view her website to find out on your own. If you don't know where you want to intern, she won't help you at all. Hates indecisiveness and confusion.
OH GOD THE EYES. DO NOT STARE DIRECTLY INTO HER EYES, NO MATTER HOW MUCH SHE STARES AT YOU. Also, she definitely favors some students over others. Get on her good side early, and stay on it. Agree with the stupid things she says. That said, the books are awesome the ePortfolio will be useful to you. So get out of the class what you can!
Narrowminded, doesnt give back revised papers, boring..stop smoking, u smell
doesn't give revised papers back; a very boring class--take only if u need it!
Professor De Cunzo is very passionate about what she teaches and is very accessible outside of class. However, the coursework is a lot, with readings every week, in addition to the essays and projects every other week. For an elective, it is not an easy A whatsoever. Assignments are usually confusing and you have to put in a lot of work to pass.
Class had 4 projects and 2 essay exams. The essays were time consuming but not bad. The projects were terribly explained, harshly graded, confusing, and barely based on material learned during the lectures. We had to teach ourselves how to do them and then received bad grades when this self-teaching didn't work out. Overall, a disaster of a class.
Tests are extremely writing intensive. Your hand will fall off. Harsh grader throughout the whole semester but somehow I still ended up with an A-.... Participation is not just attendance you actually have to raise your hand and talk or expect a poor grade.
DO. NOT. TAKE. THIS. CLASS. PLEASE. for your SANITY. This class is so much more work than it's supposed to be. It's so totally unnecessary and I have been driven up a wall with the amount of work I have to do. She's always vague about what she wants, and it's impossible to predict if you've achieved what she wants or not! Just don't take this class
I felt like a highschool kid in this class because of how I was treated by the professor. Notes are extremely vague and not useful. Professor is a hard grader and expects too much from you and asks extremely hard essay questions on the tests (two essay questions on the tests and thats it)
Took archaeology with her freshman year. Class was ridiculously hard. The tests are extremely difficult and require a lot of critical thinking. The majority of her lectures are dull. The class is also expected to respond and participate during lectures.
Took this class as a Junior, got my 1st B. It'd sting less if I thought I didn't understand the material, but I did. Her standards are too high, and this is graduate level work. I spent a lot of time in her office trying to figure out what I was doing wrong, and it didn't help. She seemed to love my ideas, but she is a BRUTAL grader.
THE HARDEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN! Do not take this class as a group requirenment, your GPA will severly suffer. It is a tremendous amount of work that does not pay off because she is such a tough grader if you do not give her exactly what she wants. The work load is that of a 400-level class. Seriously, do not take this class.
AVOID! I read all the negative comments and figured I would take it anyways.I regret it. The material was not difficult but her tests and grading are reflective of a 400 level course. She offers extra credit which is good but you'll need it. You could not pay me to take another course with her.
I'd like to start that I'm an ANTH major and LOVE the department, but this class was ridiculous. Her tests were extremely difficult for a 100-level class. I dislike her teaching style immensely. Be prepared to know minute details of the text and lectures. If you ask her what to know for a test, she will tell you "all of it" and she means it.
hard class. she knows what she's talking about and the class lectures are really interesting, but the topic is so useless and obscure. the tests are all essays and were hard for me because i really didn't care about the subject matter tested.
I should have paid heed to other ppls comments about her on this website and not taken her last spring. Im an idiot
WORST CLASS EVERRR!! Not only is it the most boring class in the entire univ. but be prepared to go on field trips to the most boring places ever! and dont try too hard on the object lessons. because even if you do, your work will not pay off bc shes an impossible grader. avoid at all costs
Bad class, bad teacher, not interesting at all
Very tough grader. BUT TA was very nice and very helpful. DeCunzo sux. I woudln't take her class. She's got NO POINT!!!
BORING, terrible grading rubric, unfair, teaches as a graduate course (8-four page research papers, 3 essay format exams, hundreds of pages of readings, etc.) Took this as a breadth requirement... BAD CHOICE Do NOT take this class.
lectures unrelated to exams, too much work for a group requirement
ZZZZZZZZZZ. Unclear. Assignments unclear. Kills anything interesting!
amazing how the textbook she assigned mentions her
what a coincidence the textbook she assigned us mentions her
worthless class, tons of pointless homework, punishes you for not asking questns
Not an interesting class, De Cunzo was full of herself and had pointless hw's
Does not return work, but talks endlessly about how it will be returned. Has 4th year students grade your things. Vindictive, takes class time to decry "persecution" by administration. Attendance not mandatory, cheating encouraged. Also has students patrol this site and have negative comments removed. Russian is cool, but not worth the hassle.
if Christine likes you then you are home free, she will go over and beyond in her efforts to help you, and that is excellent, however what none metions is if she doesnt like you. If she dislikes you or disagrees with you then you are persona non grata and she ignores you constantly and even will talk about you behind your back, she is dangerous.
doesn't really review for test, READ assignments, tutoring project graded harsh
didn't enjoy the idea of only 3 exams being the only grades for the semester. topics are difficult to comprehend. exams are confusing. lots of reading. nice guy and enjoyable to listen to stories he has in class. wish there were power points to go along with material.
The class only meets once a week. Each class consists of MANY court cases and before each class, you are supposed to have read and taken notes on them. During class, you go over the cases and nothing else. He spends most of class going over the first few and then rushes through the rest. He actually doesn't teach; the students read what they wrote.
Dr. Blacker is a nice guy, but he loves to ramble on and on. It's hard to follow the lectures as he mumbles and speaks pretty fast. There's no PowerPoints to go off of either. There's 3 exams and 1 presentation and those are your only grades. I only took this class to fulfill a breadth requirement.
Very "my way or the highway". If you're an English major or anyone who has already developed a writing style, she will not respect it and will most likely condescend you, telling you you don't know what you're doing. Basically, to pass, do exactly what she says, no more, no less. Take 0 risks. Kill your voice and creativity. Live the textbook.
If you come into the Shakespeare class expecting a literature class (heaven forbid), you'll be in for quite a surprise. Dr. Poole teaches Shakespeare like it's history and won't accept any interpretation of the text if it's not based on her own, often poor, interpretations.
worst class ive ever taken. 2 huge assignments that took up more time than my 300 level classes. she is condescending and demands a lot. attendance is mandatory even though class is pointless. every day i wished that i dropped... do not take this class unless you want no life and want to live and breathe the most boring shakespeare plays
Means well and is nice & funny but assignments were mucho confusing! lots of E.C
she is a nice person but it is hard to do well in the class if you're not already very good at french. the tests are very hard and it is A LOT of information to know. she also takes participation very seriously and won't give you a good grade if you don't answer questions every class. also-don't use your phone in class or you'll lose points
She is very smart, but super unclear in class, Lots of reading. Must go see in office hours to get an A
Run away.
Probably the most boring class I've taken at Rhodes. He speaks in monotone and is makes history boring.
Flies through the info. Talks about random stuff and makes weird comparisons. Definitely knows his stuff, super smart. If you enjoy chemistry and have a knack for it, then Krumpe will probably be a great teacher for you. I have a hard time with Chem and felt that he moved very quickly, you will spend a lot of time outside of class working.
Nice guy, really tries to help. But he teaches so far above most student's level of understanding, his "help" is usually in the form of curving test scores. I did learn a lot from his class but it was mostly from outside help sessions and independent study.
Hard but funny
Talks to each of his students as if we're Chem majors. Impossible to keep up with, curbs his tests, is much better in lab than in lecture. HORRIBLE in lecture.
He has awful handwriting, so taking notes is just about impossible. He is very hard to understand in class. Everything I learned, I learned from the textbook, not from him.
Obviously no one has had him for WRT 350... I think this was his first semester teaching it. If possible, avoid him for this class. Everything you do is so vague... he gives out assignments but never teaches you anything, and then he will mark you off for not doing things how he wanted. He brings oreos to class every day though.
As the other person has said, he grades you on his opinion of you as a person. And he speaks in a very monotonous boaring voice. The course is good, but he is not so good.
Tried to scare us into thinking our papers were horrible, but I ended up getting a B. Not very helpful prof but OK enough. Just revise your papers and unless they really stink you'll be fine-it's not as easy to get a D as they make it seem.
Class seems like a total waste of time. I figured out how to sleep with my eyes open!
If you're not confident with English grammar stay clear. He won't teach it.
Needs to actually teach the class and leave his off-color remarks outside.
Bases 50% of grade on negotiation, very unfair. You do not know what you are negotiating on and if the other student acts unethically (which happens A LOT) you will receive an F.
Worst teacher I've had at Grand Valley. Really hurt my GPA and it's not because I didn't try, I usually get good grades. Wouldn't tell me what I did wrong on my paper or how to improve it. Test out of MKT 350 instead.
horible tests ...keeps his favorites
Enthusiastic
Sadly Newton was the only option for NRS 2012. She is a very tough grader. It's as if she doesn't want anyone to succeed in the class. Very finicky and strict. I feel like deep down she is a nice person but she should not be an educator unless she changes her standards for an intro level class. Grades based on 3 group assignments and 2 exams.
Class is 2 exams, 1 assignment, ATI test, a group EBP paper& group presentation. No pop quizzes. First half of class is just lectures and not bad. Group ppt not bad, EBP graded very harshly. Email her often and ask questions+follow sample! Dr. Newton is a great lecturer, however as others have stated, follow directions on exactly what she wants.
I really didnt enjoy this class. Her grading criteria was terrible. She had an EBP paper and gave many people I know below 70s! And this was worth 20% of our grade! The papers couldnt have been that bad! She is sassy but has a somewhat likeable personality at times. U need to read the book to pass! She like to pick lil details! Beware of pop Qs!
Dr. Newton is very knowledgeable in the nursing discipline; however, she does not help students when they have questions regarding assignments. There are 2 exams that are pretty straightforward except the true and false (read carefully), 2 group projects (paper & presentation), and 1 individual assignment. She critiques assignments in detail.
Newton has good & interesting lectures & her 2 exams are straightforward. But her assignments... ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. People aren't passing the class, our class had as low as a 15%. She tries to cut down the cohort # by stressing them out to the point where they drop out.
Avoid this professor! She is unclear about everything and thinks she knows everything because she has a PhD. She grades hard and won't answer your questions because she thinks we should already know the answers. AVOID HER!
Dr. Newton is not as bad as everyone seems to think. The first day, I was terrified of her but she lightens up as the semester continues. The grades are very unclear and she is tough. My grade was lower than I wanted it to be BUT the bottom line is now that i'm done with the class I know my stuff. Midterm and final are super easy, the rest is not.
Awful. Almost no true instruction. No audio lectures. Just publisher PPT and "read to yourself." OU online classes are just horrid. Dr. Newton seemed genuinely surprised that her PPT on the paper was insufficient. Needs to TEACH writing by example, rather than just destroying the sincere effort without any teaching.
Had her for NRS 482. No other professor to take, so don't bother looking. She was rude, disgustingly belligerent, and plain lazy as an instructor. this was my second research class and by far the worst job of teaching ever. No guidance or instruction and if we bothered to ask a question, it was met with cynicism and scoffed at. Avoid this one!
This instructor does not recognize the term teacher and her purpose is to assist students.Thinks you should already know it all. Gives students a zero if assignment is not dead on time, there is no way to compromise with this professor. Gives very little assistance if your are not smart enough to know what is expected for any assignment. RUDE!
Newton used to do transplants, I forget which vital organ it was. She must be a MENSA member because she is really smart and she thinks you should have a 150 IQ. She can be totally rude when you go to her office for an appointment. I wish she would go back to research or transplant work. Don't take!!!
She acts like she cares about the students, but then she try to be little you with her negative comments. I wish someone else would have taught this class.
SOOO dry. This is the worst class I had ever in nursing. She pretends like she will help, but then screws you while grading. All her grading outside of scantron tests are totally whatever mood she is in while she is grading. It was an awful experience to work so hard for a bull grade. All that aside, she is a great dresser ;)
Ughh..her tests are not too bad they are straight from the notes...group project is either easy or hard depending on what topic you get....she is very very boring in lecture...make sure you make an appt. with her for the paper because she is very strict on apa and likes it her way..
Talks very fast.Tests are very easy. Assignments, not so much.Unclear on exactly what she expects, and her advice differs drastically between people, and depending on the day.
The class is so easy, you might not be able to handle it. It's a little frustrating that he uses the class to just tell you his opinions and stories and you'll feel like you wasted your time with this class, but he's an easy grader and interesting sometimes, so it will work out. Not many grades at all.
He is a very nice guy but possible the most unorganized teacher I have ever had. He didn't have a syllabus prepared until the third week of class (and it was only half a syllabus) and never had any directions clearly stated. I would never take another class with him
This class, for most, is a breadth requirement. An easy A, I'd hoped. What I didn't know is that we were assigned a lot of readings for each 20 question EXAM (each worth 1/3 of my grade). The questions were tricky and loosely based on the readings and random things. I pulled off a C+ after the lowest grade got dropped. I studied. He plays favorites
Tricky teacher--makes you think your his friend, then gives you a horrible grade. Don't bother writing down those books that he lists on the board; useless information.
Wow, a redefinition of Monotone. I can safely say this man is the most boring individual alive. He thinks his theories are 100% full proof. His tests are jokes, his paper is ridiculous but if you go to a meeting with him, he'll basically write it for you. Act like you care about what he says, and act like you agree with him on his points, A.
nice guy, he means well...tests are mad easy...the final paper, though, is BS...its more like you submit what he wrote for you. just give his opinions and let him do the work...only recommended for group or major requirements.
Very boring teacher, pretty easy class. Seems to like what he teaches, however shows no enthusiasm for it. Very Hard to not fall asleep in his class. If you intend on actually learning, i would not recommend.
felt like an idiot when i left his class... cake if u hand in things
easy class! no lecture, no hw, no test. 3 one pg papers! very boring!
unless you really know&like hist, dont take him
Cue the Twilight Zone music...but he is an easy grader
dont need to go to class he rambles about nothing though it is kinda funny
Long useless lectures... hope you like to write papers
hes out there... a little weird but sometimes interesting- lots of videos
When I didn't fall alseep from being bored his lectures were okay
The course is easy if you write well, 3 papers. The lectures are so boring.
fell asleep every lecture - u better like to write and be good at it
He's boring, lectures pointless, doesn't offer help until after fail first paper
no tests, 3 papers... easy A if you write well
Class is a waste, TAs Suck and grade is based on 3 papers
Many videos, talks in cirlces-VERY difficult to understand-lecture r pointless
Professor Kotman is a humble guy. He's very nice, but not a good teacher. If you need a professor who will answer your questions and help you out he is not the one. His answers will usually not answer your questions and he likes to ramble. He also brings C# example code to a Java class. Facepalm. You will be on your own for the most part.
This class is one of the easiest classes I have ever taken, but also, I didn't learn a thing. The class was very disorganized and hard to follow and most of the time, his lectures didn't make sense. Overall, he's not a bad guy. He's really nice and caring, but do not take this class if you actually want to learn visual basic.
Very nice guy. He means well, but not a good teacher. He goes through the same material over and over. His class is an easy A, even if you didn't learn anything. Thankfully, I went into his class knowing a lot of coding because if I didn't, I would not have learned anything.
This prof will either be your guy, or your worst nightmare. If you know programming already like I did, I'd say take him because the class will be literally show up and pass. However if you don't know coding, stay far away. Just rambles all lecture and learning will be very difficult. You will not be prepared for later classes.
VERY confusing. I got lost so many times in lectures. Just avoid if possible, yeah you'll pass with an easy A or B if you complete the homework. Tests were very easy. Basically if you want to do better in 451 take someone else. They may be more difficult but at least you'll be more educated. I learned almost nothing.
Easy professor. Gives very basic, simple homework (when he gives it). Kind of wish there was more homework and a higher complexity to the class, feels like I might not be ready for the next class, but I don't know yet. Sit on the left side of the class because he stands in front of the board on the right and doesn't move. He's a nice guy and OK.
Don't take Kotman for a difficult class; he is a really nice guy but a poor professor. I learned more reading the book for an hour than I did in lecture the first month and a half of his class.
CIS 150 has a bunch of tedious work. He is definitely one of the easiest professors I've had, but that's not because he's a good teacher, he's actually kind of a strange fella. This class is strictly homework based and self taught, no need to even show up to lecture. Also lets you use the textbook for all exams.
He grades lackadaisically, gets plain awkward during lectures and doesn't teach very well. For a guy that works with java for a living, he doesn't seem to know a lot about computers in general. Interesting guy, but confusing and just gives participation points. You're probably better off with the book if you wanna learn something. Not recommended.
Quite the character, but besides being fun to watch not good for learning. What he taught in class had nothing to do with the exams- had to teach self for exams because we never read the book nor did he cover anything on it until the day before the exam! Easy grader htough because he had no idea what was going on. AVOID.
Larry is a character. He doesn't really have much common sense, but he tries. You don't learn much in his class and it can be difficult (learning binary code conversions). I took it as a 6-9 and sat on Facebook the entire time.
Ah, bumbling yet jolly Kotman. Probably the only CS professor who has yet to master simple tasks like double clicking. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll get an A and then wonder what the point of the class was. He's way too freakishly senile to be teaching, but it's an easy A and you have to take it, so I wouldn't complain.
Not very interesting often fall asleep during class. But nevertheless easy. Very little office hours.
Worst prof I've ever had. His teaching is totally unclear and a bunch of people ended up buying "Java for Dummies" books because there was no way we were going to learn anything from him.
This class was terrible- boring material, worthless textbook. He is a nice guy, but learning was tough with his brief and cursory teaching style and lack of a textbook. Online lecture notes from the equivalent class at another school saved me.
Assembely still sucks, but he made it at least somewhat bearable.
Snored every day. Learned absolutely nothing.
Professor Donovan was a nice guy but his instructions were not very clear. Many of the students didn't understand what to write until after they saw a writing consultant. If you don't feel you are a strong writer take a different professor.
This guy has no clue what he wants in his class! I mean it is a very easy class, dont get me wrong, but if you actually want to learn somthing, dont take his class. If you are looking for an easy A go for it!! It wont help you in wrt150 thats for sure!!
Bad professor! Did not like him at all. Not clear on assignments and when you ask for help he doesnt really help you because he is confusing. The class was easy, but he is kind of a difficult grader. He post pones assignments sometimes and their is no exam. Easy class.
The class wasn't that hard and as long as you came and did your best, you were ok, but he is quite moody. If you piss him off or catch him on a bad day, watch out. His class seemed easy to me, but I did not like him as a person at all.
Class was relatively easy. His directions were unclear for the most part but if you ask him he'll clarify, he's also pretty lenient on deadlines and will work with you on turning stuff in.
No structure, very little feedback. Not only is this a terrible class that GVSU makes you take, but with Donovan as your instructure it's worthless too. Didn't learn a damn thing.
very unorganized and i don't like that. rolling due dates, but that is not always a good thing. his communication skills are poor.
He is an alright teacher , but this class is suppose to prepare you for wrt150 and it does not at all. He is a very unorganized person, and he does not ezplain alot.
Prof. Donovan is easy, but Wrt 098 is suppose to prepare us for 150 - IT DOESN'T! I knew just as much when I walked in on the first day. Easy going, very unclear. I don't understand his grading system AT ALL! Sometimes seems like busy work.
very mean person. please never register for her course. the lecture is very easy but the assignments are not. her teaching is clear but that's because she only teaches the easiest stuff..
harder than expected...tests are very tricky...discussion sections help but overall hard class (that is for a first time ling class) too much information to memorize
Hard FINAL!! Worst class and so much stuff to learn. TA's are ridiculous b/c they don't speak English! A lot of homework and group homework. Don't take it!
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. HARD AND POINTLESS! TA'S DO NOT EVEN SPEAK ENGLISH.
hard class, bad teacher lot of HW bad TA's
Worst class ever! And how can the TAs teach a ling class if they cant speak eng!
The TA barely speak English. The class was like learning another language
her test was absol. ridiculous today
Rather catty at times. Do not piss her off. Tests are right from the notes.
No study guide for tests, lecture can be extremely frustrating if you don't read the book later, and breezes past certain topics. Honestly too hard for a gen ed course! Don't take if you're not a Geology major basically!
Class was incredibly difficult for a gen-ed entry level geography course. Tests were the hardest I've ever taken, and questions were based on very small details barely mentioned in lecture. Unless you have a solid background in geography, I would avoid this prof.
This is the hardest professor I've ever had. She packs WAY too much info into one class and her tests are nearly impossible. She doesn't give study sheets and you can't keep previous exams to study for the CUMULATIVE final. If you don't have to, don't take this professor
class was sometimes fun but she never helps and makes you feel dumb and cuts you down when you ask something. study more than 3 hours for her tests because they are insanely hard
Hardest class and tests of my college career. She is funny, but do not take her night class. She never lets out early. She does have extra credit, which I definitely needed. I'm sure if you are a science person you could do fine. I have heard she is the hardest prof in the department.
I have never liked science, especially geology. It was really hard, but I did like her sense of humor. What sometimes made me laugh was when she would say, "M'kay" like the teacher on South Park! Overall, the class was good, but the subject (for me) was just hard.
WORST CLASS AT GVSU. 3 HOUR BLOCK FEELS LIKE A WEEK AND LABS MAKE YOU WANT TO PUNCH YOURSELF IN THE FACE. IF YOU EVER LISTEN TO ONE OF THESE, LISTEN TO THIS, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!
If you take a 3 hour lecture make sure bring a pillow and a heave bag. It sucks
not an easy class for a Gen Ed, having a test on 100 rocks/minerals is wrong
more like va-det-stick. she's an alright lab teacher
I signed up for this because I needed a fine arts INST. I read the reviews on him and was looking forward to a pleasant and easy experience. While the class was an easy A with reading the textbook, he was grumpy and constantly insulted the class. Maybe it would have been different not at 8 AM...
very boring, literally fell asleep through all his lectures. If you don't want to spend money to see the two play required for this class forget about taking this course. find another class that isn't so boring.
I would have to agree with the "Bob Newhart in disguise" comment. He stutters frequently. But a nice guy none the less. You read a ton of plays in the class so be prepared for that.
I like the guy. I think he is Bob Newhart in disguise.
bring a pillow, a friend, a cup o' joe, anything to graze the monotony
Okay professor. Very boring lectures. Get someones old tests...same
Not sure where the tests come from.Difficult if you don't have old ones. boring
zzzzzz... Awful! He lectures on the book and then tests out of his ass.
very unclear. horrible tests. do extra credit. read book, but doesn't help
Boring!!!! Just read the book and you will do okay and do extra credit
i dunno maybe it's just me but i found him to be VERY boring and i love the topic just didnt love how he put it out there for me to learn it.. or maybe it was the POLO aftershave that killed the topic for me... be warn'd he must use half a bottle daily!
I had this guy two years ago. He favors girls and he doesn't like Computer Majors. Do not suggest you take him if you are male.
Shes a nice woman and its a fun class but there was a little too much sharing opinions and stories not enough quality learning for me.
Easy class but extremely tough grader! A really sweet and kind person but old fashion and that hurts at times. Tests are 80% of your grade so forgetting the smallest thing can deduct a solid 2% of your grade. Don't take this class lightly and you should be fine.
I had her during the pandemic and she didn't even teach us. She posted recorded lectures from 2016 and more recently edited slides so they didn't even match up. We did not have a single meeting face to face. The only grades were 4 Tests. I did like the material that was taught just not the way it was taught. Take the class in person not online!!
Super annoying. Lectures are unorganized and slides make no sense. Her tests are biased towards her opinion and she expects everyone to have her views. Only reason I pass the tests are because of the TA reviews. She requires textbook for insane amount of readings every night. Way too much work for a 100 course/elective. 5 grades & no extra credit
Does little to nothing to make lectures engaging in anyway. Goes on several tangents unrelated to the course. I took this class because I thought philosophy would be interesting, and maybe it is, but with Rogers I would have no idea. The tests are opinionated to her own views on philosophers, and terribly worded. Thanks for ruining a subject for me
Rogers is a nice person but not a great professor. Her exams seem to be based off of her opinions (other classes contradict a lot of the things she teaches) and she does not give extra credit. She does clicker quizzes which are supposed to be a grade booster but most kids I know have not had this experience.
Her tests are very hard because they aren't on hard solid facts. Most seems like her personal opinion but she is very nice and really does care about student's success. Offers review sessions before each exam. Must go to class in order to take clicker quizzes. Get 5 wrong and it still counts for a 100 on an exam. Need clicker grades to pass.
Class is pointless. Classes were empty but then packed during test dates. Class makes subject more confusing. Just read the textbook once before the test and you will be aces
Incredibly broad lectures, with extremely specfic exams. No powerpoints, just her talking and ranting. I do not recommend unless you can grasp very abstract concepts
Such a terrible teacher, I do not recommend her. Tests are really confusing.
Nice person but at times difficult to follow her train of thought. Don't read the textbook just go to class and take good notes - tests are pretty easy.
one of the worst classes i have taken at UD, it was very boring, and she favored people sitting in the front, by the end of the semester no one went to class, don't bother buying the book
Tough course material made this class make me want to stab my eyes out with a pen.
Class is so boring, its hard to sit through. she is really into teaching the stuff, but it's not too clear, and overall not interesting. don't take unless you need to
This lady is a nut....the class is not too hard, but she's horrible
Prof. Shipman is a great guy but a horrible professor. He goes off on tangents about things that have nothing to do with the topic. Textbooks are pointless. The bright side is that tests are easy and don't require a lot of studying.
I actually changed my major because of him AVOID him if you value your GPA
if he wants the make the class as dumb as he does, it should not be mandatory. this way, if you do not like to be brought down to a 3 year old level, and already know the 1st grade level material you do not have to attend the class
He was definately the most entertaining professor I've had so far in college. He is one of the sweetest men I have ever met and is always willing to help his students if they take the time to ask. It's easy to get him to go off on tangents, and if you ask, he'll show you his ice-skating videos. He's great....easy B, at least.
this class was awful, since it was a prereq for another class, I ended up having to take it again after failing the second class. if you have the choice DO NOT TAKE
Harry Shipman is rediculous and should not be teaching here. He fell asleep during his collegues presentations on more then one occasion, he also fell asleep during students presentations! Unprofessional much?! He acts like an idiot and treats you like children. Harry Shipman is a horrible teacher, you'll learn 2nd grade stuff from him.
wow. this class was the hugest waste of my time that i could possibly have found in the entire school. labs, thankfully, were supposed to be 2 hours long but generally average 35 minutes. the material in class was what i learned in 3rd grade and nothing more. he is very very disorganized and that led to my disliking his class. he's nice, tho.
this is the easiest class you will EVER take in college. group work is a pain and pointless, material is unclear. no material for tests because we learn nothing. but take this class, cause if you go then you get an A. Harrys really amusing
I hated this class and dreaded going to it. Harry is unbelievably annoying and seems to love science but doesn't even take himself seriously, ever! He's more interested in his ice-skating hobby than in coming up with something for the class to do other than talk/sleep for most of the class. Class is common knowledge.
all group work classes, hes a psycho!! but is a easy a!!
teaches to you on a kindergarten level, format of class sucks
This class and social psych are pretty much the same. I took both at the same time and struggled in this class because of the confusing lectures and the way her class is organized. She's an easy grader but the multiple choice parts of the test are very hard due to the confusing question wording. I studied for a week straight and had trouble.
Friendly + a good lecturer; her examples are easy to understand. Having only 350 points (3 exams @ 100 + 1 paper @ 50) for the semester is bogus. The exams and paper aren't hard but her study guides are useless. Book is good; read it to have success in this class. Paper grading was shady - all positive comments but a low A overall was disappointing
Nice lady, but like the other person said, grading was kind of wacked...my group thought we did great, got good feedback during it, but ended up with a D on our presentation with no explanation.
I may be the odd apple, but Christine Smith did not impress me. Her sweetness in class is a "put on" and Dr. Jekyl/Mr. Hyde come to mind. I waited outside her office for help for over 2 hours one day and the way she took her stress out on her
Hewitt is passionate to a fault. She loves her topic and I respect her for that, but it's difficult to have an opinion in her class. The main issue I had is that she's definitely scattered.
We read four books at a time in her class. She does on long rants about nothing and then right when you stop paying attention she'll mention one thing that is critical. She also brings up her religion often. Oh and if you have a different point of view than her she will continuously slam you in front of the whole class.
Avis is a very sweet person, and it is clear that she means to do well by her students. However, her discussions often don't have a distinct point and her class as a whole is very disorganized. She is a very slow grader and consistently makes religious comments that make students uncomfortable. I don't feel like I've learned anything in her class.
Class was pretty disorganized, due dates constantly changed as did the readings. Grade based on a total of 4 assignments, the first one which we didn't get back until after drop date so we had no idea what our grade was. She calls out students constantly, if you look bored or sleepy. Interrupts discussion for random thoughts that are unrelated.
She's a nice prof, but I got nothing out of the class. Discussions are very confusing and she tends to go off topic...a lot. We only had to do 2 papers though, so that wasn't bad. The final was quote identification and was really hard.
Hewitt is a funny prof. She makes the class a lot of fun with her corny jokes! The papers are a little difficult to write bc we chose whatever story and whatever we want to write on (no direction). The final is a quote final .. not easy!
There are a lot of readings and even though she knows her material well, she is all over the place and it's sooo hard to take notes and figure out what her point is. She grades hard on papers and her final is the worst one i've ever taken...all quotes!
has lots to say - struggles with staying on topic to get points across. bad.
CRAZY, way off topic sometimes, but can be entertaining to watch.
good but expects a lot - tons of daily reading
As long as you do the readings, you will be slightly aware of what's going on
hyper-active, fun, HARD, a lot of work
DO EVERY SINGLE PRACTICE PROBLEM. It is the only way you will pass this class. She is very fast in the lecture and is very timid. Not very many examples in class. Prepare to teach yourself the content.
Quizzes every week. Only teacher teaching the STA220 classes this year (F22). Randomly gives out extra credit on certain practice problems. Goes fast during lectures and is sometimes hard to keep up. Kinda irks me when she just stares at you. Her syllabus does not have a schedule on it so you don't know when your exams are until she tells you.
Extremely boring. Looks at you like you're stupid if you ask a question. Tests are really hard: studying doesn't help. Textbook is impossible to understand, created by GV professors and terrible quality. This class is dry as the Sahara. Homework is annoying and worth too few points. Seems like everyone failed this class........
Treats you like a child. She isn't willing to help you with the simplest things. I absolutely hated this class. If you study you'll do fine, it's just a pain to sit through the lectures and quizzes every week. Take anyone else if possible.
I can't believe this woman is allowed to teach. Makes it feel like she's out to get students with her tricky questions and VERY long exams. Doesn't budge on asjusting exams if you didn't finish it. Want a good prof.? Siehling, Gabrosek and Hong are the only ways to go.
Probably one of the least effective profs that I have had at GVSU. She flew through the material way to fast and breezed over terminology as well. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HER!
Pretty easy class, but she wasn't very helpful or understanding when I had to miss 2 days of class under doctor's orders, and wouldn't tell me what I missed. Other than that she was helpful, nice, and fairly easy.
She is the most annoying prof I have ever had. She repeats as she is writing in the same mono tone pitch she told you before she wrote it. The exam problems are 20 times harder than the actual class. The worst prof I have had here.
Nice lady, hard grader, take an esier STATs prof. Lots of quizzes, but difficult. Tests hard, not enough eextra credit.
thanks for nothing!
She's the devil... Extremely hard.........
Very Fast!
Class was very boring. He covered stuff that we would never need to know. Talks an entire class period about nothing. Pretty much a waste of time. Goes over music too, but it isn't needed since you have to listen on your own anyways to learn the music. My advice, don't take this professor, I didn't learn very much from him.
Painfully boring class. He knows his stuff, but it seems like he expects that we already have a background in music. Listening list isn't too bad, probably the easiest part of the tests. Just one of those gen eds to et out of the way (why do I need to learn about music to teach deaf kids?)
Very easy class. Tests are easy. Barely any homework... all you have to do is show up and listen to music.
Not a very hard class, but he isn't the nicest person I've ever met. Cancels class quite a bit. The listening portion of the tests suck, make sure you start listening a few weeks in advance. Isn't that interesting of a teacher, he's just kind of....there.
very very easy class. he misses class a lot. you can pass the tests if you attend class right after the last test and the day before the next test. i never spoke a word to him the entire semester and i will still get an A.
Never gives back assignments, misses class alot -
can we say WEIRD?!
Career education class: it was SO easy, and very helpful if you are unclear about what to do. have to do an easy research paper and a quick presentation of the profession you chose. super easy.
He's an okay dude, I'm taking his 6-9 Cultural Anthropology class and it's hell on earth. He is very passionate about what he teaches and it is kind of extreme, he's picky on what he wants in his assignments. He overly explains EVERYTHING. This class is interesting but not on a Monday night.
He is very nice. The class itself was very boring, and his teaching was very disorganized. If you want to actually learn about anthropology, dont take him. If you want an easy A, take him.
I would take this class again but only because it fulfills two gen ed requirements. He is a nice guy but expectations were often unclear and he was extremely unorganized. My blackboard was always overflowing with irrelevant material that we never got to in class . Long lectures and he often runs out of time. Lots of group work but its an easy A.
Constantly had to text kids in the class to try and figure out whether or not a particular assignment would be graded for points. He's also incredibly anal with his grading.. got a 3 out of 5 on an extra credit submission. Also likes to keep you until the very last minute or sometimes past the class time. Don't believe me? Find out for yourself.
Rhoads is a super nice guy, but also super unorganized. I did not find it difficult to do well in his class, but I found it annoying how often assignments were added to the syllabus, or that the syllabus was incorrect, or that he elaborated on assignments adding more to them after the fact. Going to class was worthless, I didn't learn anything.
Really nice guy and means well. he was unclear what was due when and due dates were always changing. going to class wasnt much help at all either.
yuck yuck yuck... worst class I've taken.. didn't learn a thing
There are no clear guidelines in the class. I didn't have a grade in blackboard until AFTER finals week, so if you enjoy knowing where you stand in a class, don't take him.
So disorganized. You never have any idea what is happening in the class. It also seems like he is blackboard illiterate, his class page is always a scavenger hunt for what you are looking for. Useless syllabus. You won't have any idea what your grade is until you get it at the end. If you have anxiety, stay away from this prof!!
I had many great professors here at GVSU, but he is not one. He is unclear in his expectations, does not have a set schedule, and is not able to explain financial concepts well. The class is ridiculously unstructured, and he is one of those profs that thinks that his is the only class you're taking. He's a great guy, but bad prof.
He goes over the exam before he give it out, but the exam is not like what he discussed; although the essays are the exact the questions are very different. Hard to understand doesn't speak clear English. He gets mad if you ask a question he thinks you should know. Not helpful in office. Did bad in this class when others had dif. prof. who did well
Very Smart teacher, but poorly presents material in class. Better suited for more gifted student who have a lot of time. Writes gibberish on the whiteboard that is very important for knowing on the tests. AVOID if possible. This is not from a slacker or poor student.
Not a good professor. He acts impatient if students need clarification or ask questions, and embarrassed several students who did not know answers during lectures. The class can be challenging and he is not helpful. He is also not good at returning emails or working around planned absences.
He tries to scare students away, but halfway through class you realize you aren't going to fail as horribly as you think. Quizzes are hard and book is different then what he teaches. He teaches based on theories and way above an intro level class. DON'T BUY Wall Street Journal, use online. Waste of money. Try to find someone different.
is very confusing with formulas. not same as book
A pretty good guy however his tests are ridiculous. Tests consist of essays and problems and are very in depth and specific. Study very hard for the exams and do the end of chapter problems.
Speaking with strong Indian assent; when students do the powerpoint presentation, he is reading newspaper sometimes; not having enough social and helpful skills & personality with students as other professors.
a good teacher... ask questions and take homework assignments seriously. Essay tests that take a long time, make sure you don't get behind. I actually learned something in this class though.
There is not too many assignments but they are long and tough. The class really prepares you, I feel like I actually know something about Finance. Tells you exactly what is on test and does not grade hard. The class seems scary at first but it is really not that bad.
Has too many cases and says will give time in class but gives absolutely none. A lot of presentations. Be prepared to work very hard. Makes you feel like you are wasting his time if go to office hours for help.
He moves through the problems extremely fast!! He is very smart. Doesnt realize this is our first expirience with finance and his 3rd decade of finance. Not helpful at all in his office.
Worst prof at GV. Do not take him, not helpful and everything i learned in his class i learned on my own. Very smart but not fit to teach.
Unfair expectations for an undergraduate course
Tom is a great guy! Very fun! However, the tests are somewhat difficult and you dont really learn any textbook material during the class periods. The class is more about memorizing definitions and ideas than it is about actually learning. If you do an extra credit then you still will get a good grade.
Very easy. Talk about how much money he has and Ed Prins alot. I definitely recommend him. Easy A
tests seem more about opinion than fact-his is the right one-nice though
I chose prof. simons because he had good reviews on here, sadly I was mistaken. I crashed and burned in his course. He only grades on the three exams and a few quizzes, no homework so points are limited. I am retaking the course with a new prof now and we are learning completely different things so really idk what I was even learning with simons
DO NOT TAKE AS A SUMMER CLASS! my best advice to you. be prepared to take your own notes, and have NOOOOO outlines or printed notes for the tests. you will have NO homework, your entire grade is based on exams. class was ok..i wouldn't take him again though.
Boring. I did not learn anything. Tests were easy, and the paper at the end of the semester sucked. Take someone else.
If you can avoid it don't take him. He is absolutely borring. Class coudn't be easier. You learn nothing tho. I would have learned more reading the book. I am abgry for spending my money on such a rediculous prof, that tought me nothing.
I have no idea what the hell these people are saying he bad
He rambles..... a lot..... not even related to the material. Read the book carefully because he draws questions from things that are mentioned once in the text. You don't really need to study his slides or show up really if you read the book carefully.
I don't usually leave these things but I feel like I have to with him. For me, and I'm assuming others as well, I cannot do well on a test that is over 120 pages, with no specifics on what to study for. He asked such specific questions and it was difficult to pay attention in class as he went off on tangents all the time.
Fitzgerald is slightly awkward but humorous sometimes. To be successful in this class it Is a MUST that you come to every lecture, take detailed notes, and READ THE BOOK I repeat you really need to read the book lol if you do that you should be fine. Fitzgerald isn't a lot of help but there is much help available from TA's and tutoring!
Super boring professor, lectures are long and he goes off topic all the time. Almost never knows how to work anything to do with technology and never replies to emails. Makes mistakes on tests a lot
By far the WORST psych prof Ive ever had. I took the online version of his class. I must've sent out at least 20 e-mails throughout the semester with questions I think he responded to 2. Hes a horrible grader as well when it comes to the essays on the 3 exmas. I was .2% away from the grade I wanted and he wouldn't give it to me. AVOID THIS PROF!
I took an online version of the class and it was pretty good. Prof Fitzgerald is a nice guy, but he's not very helpful or good at returning e-mails. Also, his slides are sometimes very confusing and unclear. He's a pretty easy grader, though.
Don't take his class if you're reading this. He is a terrible teacher, and his lectures cover absolutely nothing on the exams. I am a all A-B student and I had to drop his class because there was absolutely no way to study for his exams. There is no curve, and virtually no help. You've been warned if you are planning on taking his class.
His lectures are useless. u dont need to show up. Just read the book. He gives a lot of extra credit. Also u can easily earn all lab points. If u just read the book and do well in the lab u should get an A.
He was very condascending to the whole class. He does give ample extra credit though. No curves. Uses his diagram slides on all tests so you should show up. He is, thoughh, a complete jerk, so dont come in late or ask a question because he WILL make fun of you without hesitation. HIGHLY RECCOMEND LOOKING FOR OTHER PROFESSORS INSTEAD OF HIM!!!
He's not difficult, but his lectures are really boring and not very helpful. He goes over a three sentence slide in about 15 minutes, and the information he talks about within that time frame won't be on the exam. I recommend taking him, reading the book, and bringing something with you to lecture to entertain yourself. Easy labs save u anyway.
Not good. The lectures, while only 1.5 hours, feel like forever and are slides directly from the book. He gets through very little in class, and it is hard to decipher what is important and what is not when he speaks. The concepts are not explained in class to the extent it is asked on tests. The essays are ridiculous and usually vague.
He's a really bad professor. His lectures are pointless and boring. He tests on things you barely talked about.
His class was extremley boring. His so called sense of Humor is terrible (not funny). And the lab was the easiest part and did not really help me understand the things that were presented in class.
I liked him as a person but his grading was unbelievably hard. I agree with the other comments about him not letting people have other opinions. For papers I would do everything his comments and corrections said but still wouldnt get the grade I was expecting.
He doesnt talk about anything you need to know. Very boring professor. Would not recommend taking him.
Nice guy. A little too all over the place. The class is really hard. He wants to help, but he is so high-strung and spacey and not very good at explaining things. He was SO understanding, though, when I was having trouble and needed extra help several times a week! Always willing to meet you outside of class if you need help which is a plus!
Dr. Browning is extremely intelligent and knows a lot about his topic. The problem is, at 80 years old he really needs to retire. He knows so much that he often over complicates explanations and goes way off topic. He is also fairly opinionated. Environmental Eoncomics has been a struggle to get through and I don't recommend it.
he has the ability to make the class outstanding, and interesting. but he kills all discusion as soon as he opens his mouth. he is borring, and slow and i felt like my time was wasted.
Why didn't someone tell me how utterly boring this prof would be?Honestly, it's not overstating it saying that by attending class for that 1hr & 20+ mins,I lose my will to live.Life loses all color and becomes a tangle of graph lines and more graph lines.It's midway thru the semester and he's still setting up for the main topic. Very few grades!
Very frustrating prof; not receptive to student ideas, very defensive; does not have set schedule for class readings making it very difficult to plan ahead; gets off topic; class moves very slowly
no comment
She was a good. The class was very easy.
Homework due every class, not difficult just frustrating.
Everything we learn in this class is his opinion so it makes taking tests memorizing what he says rather than learning anything. He assigns readings and a 2 page paper for every class but if you fill 2 pages your good. Easy class but just awful lectures.
Seidman is a decent economist but a pretty bummy teacher. Class drolls on and you don't actually learn anything about economics. If test questions aren't answered the way his theory anticipates they'd be answered then your answer is wrong.
Definitely take him. Study last year's test and the homeworks and you'll be fine. He's a nice guy and his tests are fair. You have to sign in every class because attendance counts, but class is pretty much pointless. The good thing is he won't call on someone who doesn't raise their hand and you can do the homeworks during class.
Seidman loves two things; his opinions and hearing people say his name. Infact, he himself will even talk in the third person just to hear his name said. Classes are useless but mandatory. Exams are the practice tests. Memorize them. Not a hard class but you wont get anything out of it.
Irritating homework. very little substance in lectures, instead hands out practice tests about a week before, which have to be memorized. lots of current event bs. he talks about himself in the third person A LOT
he's boring but its an easy B. Ridiculous curve. never went 2 class
hard class for 100 level, tests are unfair, he is a nice guy, very conservative
Made me buy two of the worst books that I have ever laid hands on.
Fill in the blank tests...memorize HIS book to answer the blanks...
I had no clue what was going on in this class. The material was tough, and she didn't do a very good job of getting me up to par. I had to take it in order to get up to speed with calc for engineering. This class is what made me drop engineering and go to arts and sciences. She is nuts too...some random ass stuff she says!
Prange's class always kept me awake, although it was not always the most interesting class, i did learn a lot, and shes willing to help you. She gives a lot of opportunity to get extra points from attending class, and doing homework. Shes a little crazy, talks about "breaking your kneecaps" but overall I thought she was a good and I recommend her
Prange is weird. She has a thick accent and likes to threaten to "break your knee caps". Her class is good but the work she assigns on course compass is tedious and just ridiculous. That program is hell and it should be scraped. It's impossible to do a math problem on a computer without making a mistake !!!!
shes so spastic and crazy its quite amusing. i attended class just to see what funny things are going to happen. however she is not a good professor. i took precalc in high school and got an A. i got a D+ in prange's precalc class. she doesnt explain the math, shes just like "ok this the question and this is the answer" i relied on coursecompass
She is pretty nice and understanding, but definitely crazy. She doesnt explain things in the best way possible but do the course compass homework and it will help you understand it a lot better
She is so silly! I only attended class to see what crazy things she would do that day (oh and because she counts attendance). The concepts are easy enough but she gets very confused and flustered a lot.
Terrible at explaining stuff, you ask a dumb question and she will either give you the middle finger, break your knee caps or play you out in front of the class, makes the material ridiculously more complicated than it actually is and or needs to be
She's nice, but a very weird lady. She randomly brought in her black belt and her num-chucks (sp sorry!)one day. Dont ever ask a question about something she just went over. She gets mad, but then again who wouldnt? She's a good teacher tho and the class was not hard for me and I suck at math. She uses webct too.
I took precalc in HS and did pretty badly, but did well in this class-- however- it was not because of Prange. She explains things in ways that are hard to understand. Also, she's just kind of annoying and crazy. But the class is fair and if you do the work its ok.
shes actually insane. youll die laughing in class. kinda makes you want to look at her psychological history. not a hard class. she is a b*tch about attendence. drops lowest quiz grade though.
I f***ing hate this class!! I never fail exams, ever, yet somehow I got a 58 on one of them (actually a D-). She simply cant' teach! Her threats of breaking our kneecaps are pretty funny, though.
CRAZY woman; listen carefully or you WILL miss something; useless class though
very strange
CRAZY. i hate math but shes hilarious.talks with an ODD accent and likes bowling
WEIRD LADY!!...confusing!!! Do the homework
you learn to love prange - she makes no sense though, must teach yourself
quizzes every week, tests easy if study and keep up, gets frusrated easy
Attendance bonus was good, exams were bad. Not the nicest person either.
very firm
all i can say is STRANGE!!!....annoying voice and no clear
She copies straight from the book to the board. She takes off for skipping class
Mmmmmkay! Nutty, wacky, funny dressing confused lady. TA did better than her!
She is SO wierd!
Theres room for creativity but if its not what he's thinking, you and the whole class will hear him tear it up. Also not much space for your opinion on topics discussed. Hes a little perky but not the worst, just makes it harder to tell him he can be wrong sometimes too. I wouldnt take this course again.
in class she seemed nice and caring but when I talked to her by myself several she was rude, distant and cold.
Seriously there's way to much homework. Homework consist of 1 reading guide 3pgs, 1 journal 3pgs, 4 activity pages 1-3pgs long front & back, and a term project normally 2pgs long for 1 week alone. Just way to much busy work, Helen is there to help! But get ready for a long weekend of Homework. Binder checks make you do the all the work or no points
She is the worst teacher EVER!!!!!!! She is mean and rude and bias!!!! She picks on certain students and makes them feel stupid in front of the class!! If you want an easy A take this class but be prepared to be insulted and made fun of!
Took her persuasion class. Would have been nice to learn more about it. Her tactic seems to be: let the students figure it out and then add personal anecdote. Was not impressed by the lack of organization and her general attitude/unhelpfulness. She wasnt an unpleasant person, but this was the worst comm class I've taken, as a comm major.
Although she doesn't try to force her beliefs on you, she sure does let you know what they are! If you are easily offended, do not take her. She likes to tell you what you are doing wrong more that what you are doing good on. If you did a good job on something, she wouldn't tell you.
She's always sarcastic. she tries to put your self-esteem down. and she favors certain students in the class.
Easy going professor that really enjoys teaching and will work with you.
do not take this class it is so hard the speeches are hard and she give u crap about every thing u do nothing is good eough for her
she is very discrimiative towards different groups, if you're a jock don't take she will not like you and will make your life hell. She shows favortisom
If you are not a science major you might want to choose another professor. Tests are hard!
If you are gifted in knowledge of Biology, it doesn't matter what teacher you have. I am not very good at science. If you don't have a car, don't take this class, there are 3 required field trips. If you don't have all the time in the world to devote to studying, don't take this class... No study guides. Tons of assignments...buy a lot of paper!
I did not like her teaching style and did not learn much from her lectures. Most of what I leaned from the class was what I learned from Professor Hurd because she was teaching our lab. Take Hurd before Garrison, definitely.
Don't cheat! Don't get information from the 'net. She can be really mean when she wants to be. If you do all the work (including extra credit) and get bad test grades you can still get a B in the class.
simple class yet she still gets confused
You have to take all the exams and do well. Study hard, it is a very hard class.
Took online. HARD AS HECK....you have to be willing to put every spare second you have into the class. There are a TON of powerpoint lectures and a TON of online exercises which the tests come from..... STUDY extra hard for tests. I would NOT recommend this class online.....extremely difficult...too much information for a 10 week class
Took his online Linguistics class 3-4 years ago. Yes, it was interesting. He is, however, one of the most condescending individuals I have ever met. I would never take him again, and advise anyone to take someone else instead. There are other professors who teach with gusto and don't leave a bad taste in your mouth for the subject. Lose the TUD
Not a person to make angry.
terrible at leading class discussions and misleading with grades, but a nice guy
Shes not a tough grader really. Criteria is pretty clear. Took her because she was the only option but I wouldve rather not. Ive never appreciated professors that require attendance for class especially mid pandemic not me tho yall stay safe
One of the tougher classes Ive taken. She is very disorganized and unclear about assignments. She spends the whole class correcting homework and rushes through lecture. A lot of learning is on your own. Lots of textbook and online homework given, at least 8 hours every week. Although she is nice and funny, it is hard to get an A in her class.
She's ok. But i dont recommend her. I dont think she really reaches to the upmost of her abilities as an instructor. She just lays information in front of you and expects you to know it. If you want an sincere teacher with high enthusiasm and a cute accent (lol) take Victor Figueroa.
She is a nice woman, teaches lots of grammer (which was wonderful), but she was not helpful. If you wanted extra help, you didn't get it. Sometimes she did not have realistic expectations on tests, but nice teach and good teaching style, not helpful
He is a nice man and trys his best, but comes off as rude often. When none of the males showed up to class he asked ther girls, "where is the future of this country?" This is just one of the examples that stood out. His accent is hard to understand sometimes and I strugle to engage in his long lectures.
Prof Malaret is a really nice guy, but an awful teacher. He doesn't like being emailed or being seen in office hours. He gets upset when students don't come to class but the lectures are useless, hard to follow, and have little relation to the content of the exams. Promised extra credit never made it to the gradebook.
This class is super easy to pass as long as you pay attention to the guidelines he gives you. His lectures are not helpful since he tends to rant a lot. If you're looking for an easy A, this is the class for you. The grade is based on 2 exams + a paper. Show up, take notes, do the reading, submit stuff on time = A.
A pretty nice guy, but a terrible professor. Would not recommend him at all.
Nothing he talks about in lecture is on the exam and attendance is mandatory. You have to read the textbooks in order to do well on the exams. He has a heavy accent and is sometimes hard to understand. The group project and paper guidelines are very unclear on what is expected.
Funny guy but hard to understand with his accent. For the exams, pay attention to his lectures but also be ready to read every single word in the chapters that are assigned. Two exams and one group project, his group projects are poorly instructed so make sure you know your people. Final exam is optional.
While Dennis is a great person and truly cares about his students, the class is confusing and somewhat difficult. However, he is a prof that really cares about his students. I just wish he put more effort into the powerpoints and lectures.
Malaret is not my kind of professor. He would try to get people involved in the class discussion but would always give the floor after long rants that didn't have anything to do with anything, and expect us to pick up where he left off. If you read you should be fine for the exams but don't expect help or clear discussions or directions from him.
This man is a nightmare. He is rude, and condescending, and impossible to understand. He doesn't even try to compose emails that one can comprehend. He has ZERO regard for students. I had a scheduled meeting with him that he canceled upon my arrival because he was hungry and wanted to go out to lunch.
Dennis is an alright professor. In order to do good on the tests in this class you actually have to read the book. He is very opinionated in what he teaches.
Worst professor I have ever had! Test questions are over random stats that he expects you to memorize, as well as a broad range of issues that he never really explains. He expects students to automatically know answers. Very rude with group projects; criticized every group because it wasn't perfect. Avoid him at all costs or drop the class!!!
I'm having a hard time keeping focus in his class because he talks so off topic and even when i studied for the exam i bombed it. the questions were so out there. I would drop it if i could.
Talks ALOT. hard grader. take someone else if you can. ok guy, just not the best soc teacher.
Nice guy. He is hard to understand but you get use to it. Tests are kind of hard. You have to go to class he grades on that. Pretty interesting class.
If you have to take this class, as I did, SIT IN FRONT! Otherwise you won't be able to understand him and will probably fall asleep (esp. in summer 3 hour lectures). Incredibly confusing class and test questions weren't in the book or in notes (and with his accent, who knows if they were in lecture)
Can be difficult to understand. Extremely liberal and baised views. If you don't agree with him, watch out. Nice guy though, and tests weren't really that hard.
Very difficult to understand, and lectures are confusing. Would not take him again.
What a waste.
tests have nothing to do with lectures, picks favorites
tests have nothing to do with lecture
HARD TO UNDERSTAND, STUDY !!!!
Lectures have nothing to do with exams. If you want to do good read the book!!!
nice man, hard to understand, don't know where he pulls the test questions from.
Not recommended. No connection b/w lecture and tests.
Fast paced and confusing. I would not recommend.
Class moves too quickly and she assumes that everyone has a very strong bkgrd.
I took both of her classes honors, and she had trouble helping students
Professor Wu knows what he is talking about, but he doesn't make it easy for students to understand. I enjoyed the contents of this class, but I just wish he was better at explaining things and giving us more example materials. Do not take professor Wu if you can't learn on your own, or don't have time to look up things outside of class.
Every assignment in Wu's class was done in a group, including his final exam. Attendance is mandatory and he hands out worksheets in class, and full credit is received as long as you try. Wu assigns a group report about every chapter, but it is only 1 page double spaced. I somehow finished the class with an A!
He is a very intelligent professor, but I do not recommend taking him. He has a fairly thick accent and doesn't phrase things correctly, making the material hard to comprehend. I found myself very confused often and going to his office hours only helped slightly. He's not horrible, but as a sophomore, he's my least favorite professor so far.
Wu is not a very helpful teacher. You learn everything out of the textbook. He gives some funny lectures, though, and knows his stuff. I don't recommend him, but his class is okay.
Linguistics is one of those classes you have to take. Wu wasn't particularly fun, but considering you have to have someone, he's not that bad, either.
In the beginning I was very excited to learn about linguistics. Then Wu told his that he is known for ruining GPAs. He repeatedly insulted our intelligence and just falling short of calling us stupid. He sucked the motivation to learn right out of me. Wu, stop insulting students and work harder at actually conveying the true meaning of the subject.
Nice guy but you can never figure out what he's talking about or how it relates to the subject. It's a difficult subject, and he doesn't make it any easier. Sweet man but find another prof.
I found this class to be boring and essentially pointless. Prof. Wu was not clear with his requirements for the class. He is difficult to hear and understand unless you are sitting two feet away from him
Repeats self.
There was so much to study it was hard to know exactly what the tests were going to be about. He didn't give specifc answers to questions. Anything discussed in class was game for the test as well.
Really smart guy with little to no ability to understand the rest of the human race. And by the way- when class should end at 9:20, he loves to give out a little "project"- due at the next class, at around 9:45.
Arrogant and always right or theinks he is, English is hard to follow at times
He needs to learn english first before he can teach an English class.
huge comunication barriers! Grades tough, negative feedback
Unclear assignments, critiques work negatively, not very thorough.
Her class is SO SO SO easy. However, she does not stick to her syllabus at all, so that was a bit challenging. Theres no textbook, but a lot of little books to buy. I rarely read but she covered the material in class. Gave a lot of extra credit. Only thing I didn't like was that she doesn't listen to other's opinions, she was ALWAYS right.
Tucker is an...openminded teacher. She teaches a hard class to teach, attendance is required. The books are mostly fiction and worthless. Only two books are factual. She fails to keep the schedule and often times we were trying to figure out what we had due each day.
At first this professor overwhelmed me. I got my first paper back and got a C- on it and was stunned because prior to this I was a straight A student. However, I stuck it through the end and kept working hard, especially at participating in class. She gave extra credit, and despite doing poorly on all the papers I still got an A. Worth it to try he
Expectations for papers are totally unclear, and she's a very tough grader (totally unfair when expectations aren't clear). Her idea of lesson planning/discussion is to have students read their papers aloud, then tear them apart in front of everyone. Didn't stick to the syllabus, and added a paper at the end.Very nice as a person, terrible prof
Good teacher. Teaches on many subjects you would not learn any where else. Must read all material! Exams ask aboutspecific quotes from books.
This class was very boring. Beware.
All we do is listen to her read aloud or lecture on barely related topics. Occasional analysis of literature is limited to the most elementary observations. It's impossible to get a decent grade on a paper if she disagrees with your opinion.
Incredibly boring. I wanted poke my eyes out during each class period. She definitely grades based on whether she agrees with your opinions. The week before finals she recanted on an earlier promise to drop our lowest paper grade -very unprofessional.
Very tough on papers, This is suppose to be an english class, but its more like a history class. Boring, monotone....
very boring.She didn't teach very well and her assignments weren't clear.didnt follow syllabus VERY unorganized. Her opinion or none at all. dissappointed with the class, very very easy but dont expect much from it
expects you to read the novels and write papers on them BEFORE discussing them, her opinion is the only correct one, if you're not black i wouldn't take this class
she made the class VERY boring
If you don't mind being bored, take his class. It does educate though.
Madame is so sweet! However, I sat in class and did not understand most of what she said because she speaks entirely in french, and my french was not as strong as I thought. All in all, this is an interesting and easy elective because I somehow got an A.
I took computer vision class. - Had to study from text books, online videos to understand the concepts - Prof is very helpful, accessible outside class. Just drop at his office! - Get ready for doing lots of programming. Pretty cool stuff. - Review his slides, you will be good in exams. Not a tough grader at all.
Chandra doesn't appear to know how to use a computer, much less how to teach a computer science course. Only take it if you mostly know how to program already and don't get frustrated easily.
showed little interest in teaching the class, and missed several lectures. Tests were too hard, and projects too long. Take another professor if you can, or break up with your girlfriend because you won't have time for her anymore...
Walker is very passionate about poetry (especially her own poetry), but she does a poor job of explaining the class expectations and is very unaccommodating when it comes to explaining things in ways so that everyone can understand them. she only has one way she's ever taught and she thinks so highly that she doesn't change, but it's confusing.
She's very nice, but we didn't agree on many things and I don't think she liked me too much. I enjoyed challenging her viewpoints in workshop, and I think I'm a better writer because of it. By disagreeing with her and "rebelling" in some ways, I've developed my own unique style and voice.
she's ok, but very scatterbrained. her organization sucks & i get the idea that she doesn't like to work very hard. i went to london with her & it was fairly easy, but arbitrarily difficult when she felt like it.
Very knowledgable professor but not always the best with translating ideas to his students.
Overly sarcastic hippy wannabe. The 60s are over pal.
I love prof H-King as a person, not so much as a professor. If executed correctly this could have been a super interesting class, instead I feel like I've barely learned anything. Unfortunately he is the only prof who teaches this class- if you NEED to take this class its not unbearable, but if you don't need it, I would find another one.
Nice person, terrible professor. I have never been more confused in my LIFE. I honestly think that if I had gotten a better professor I'd probably be doing a lot better in his class right now. He does give good feedback, but only sometimes. Other times it might just confuse you even more to ask for help. I'm sorry if you end up with him tbh...
Very unclear what this guy wants from you in practically every area of this class, especially assignments. No where is it written in words what he wants/expects from you on assignments. Tough.
he is a super nice guy, but the class was overall kind of confusing. the setup of the class was also confusing. he is very much willing to help you or answer questions, but this was my most confusing/hardest class this sem.
He will grade you VERY toughly and you will never receive in written words anywhere of what he expects in each project. You will not receive feedback on anything even if marked down. Does not teach what you are expected to learn from this class. AVOID at all costs. The one positive is that he will respond to all emails promptly and is accessible.
He was extremely confusing about what he expected from you and your group; said 1 thing one minute and another thing the next. Took a significant amount of points for the smallest things. You'll work many hours for this class and not receive the grade you deserve because he's too egotistical to give it to you. Take another professor for this course
He is a good guy but a horrendous prof. The amount of reading he assigns is unrealistic. (There was one 10 question quiz that required over 300 pages of reading!)He is extremely unclear about what he wants for papers and take home exams. If you plan on missing a class, expect to be totally in the dark.
At the start he seems extremely hard, but he's really not. He doesn't give reviews, and is sometimes unclear in his directions but if you study you will do well. Overall I learned a lot from the class, and would take this professor again. He's pretty funny, and the class is pretty interesting for a lecture based class.
He was a great person, but what he lectured on and had us read versus what was on the exam was confusing. He asked you to make crazy connections and little things he mentioned once and insisted didn't need to be written down. The average for the first exam was 67%. That's a D people.
This is a horrible professor. He is offensive, dismissive, and unclear in his teaching. Do not take him especially if you do not understand statistics very well. He is awful at explaining it. He just writes formulas down on the board without explaining how he got the numbers. He is funny though. It is difficult to set up appointments with him.
Do yourself a favor, don't take this class. Professor is unrealistic. TONS of reading, most of which is never used, but gives no guidelines or expectations. Lectures are mostly a waste of time, he goes through 5 powerpoint slides max, and you are never tested on this information. Unapproachable and unhelpful.
He is one of the toughest graders I have ever had!!! The class seemed easy until I took the test! He changes his mind ALOT too about assingments and can be hard to meet with.
He's a nice person, but a terrible professor. He doesn't answer emails very often, and if he does, it's too late, so don't depend on him getting back to you by email. In fact, just don't take him at all if you can avoid it. The class average near the end of the semester was a D+ and the class averaged a 58% on one exam if that's any indication.
I feel bad saying this because he's a really nice guy, but the class was terrible. He's really unclear on expectations, and likes to talk about stuff not related at all to psychology in class, but then still expect you to know everything for the exams. I would take another prof if you can.
Nice guy, very unclear about expectations. The paper = nightmare and both in-class exams became take-home projects. He assumed that everyone had a thorough up-to-date knowledge of PSY 300 and of publishing in general. If you can't write a publisher-ready thesis before you take this class, you certainly won't be able to after taking it.
I do not recommend him.
He was horrible. I failed his first test and I came to class every day and studied! Avoid him if possible.
Yuck! If you like structure in a class dont take this prof. You really have to work hard and teach yourself the material. Very unclear on what he is looking for as far as the paper and every time you go ot talk to him all he says is "keep working on it" and "Dont worry". Very understanding though.
HORRIBLE!..DO NOT TAKE...that is all I have to say. Likes giving out F's and has no problem doing so. I got a C- out of the class, but I was really unclear on his grading...Worst class ever!
The class was not hard, but he made it unbearable. His lectures did not make it worth the time to go to class, but if you memorize the entire book you will be fine. AND ASK FOR HELP WITH THE PAPER
I didn't not like this man! It was very unorganized. Half the time he didn't even know what he was talking about. I don't like Professors that push their Radical Liberal ideas on me! Don't take classes with him! I barely passed with what I needed!
Don't even think of taking for PSY 300, you'd be better off eating S (and would probably feel like you accomplished more).
I would say that he is the worst prof at GV. I am an A student and got a C- and I don't know how I managed that. RUN! He is awful! And he is VERY opinionated!
Don't bother. This guy is totally egotistical. Tests very hard. Loves the attention from the students who try to learn something from him.
He's very difficult. Unclear about his expectations on exams. lots of group work
take rogers for 300/failed hendersonking, ridiculously hard
impossible! the tests are ridiculously hard! stay for away from this class!
If you are in this class-GET OUT! Tests are impossible for an A.
His lectures can be interesting, but his exams are insanely difficult.
outside of one a 94 and 90, the next higest score was a 74!!!!!!! half failed!!
Very unorganized, very difficult tests
He doesn't know what he is talking about - can't even answer questions in class
The material is easy, but the test questions are so vague that no one gets A's
nice man, bad teacher
AHHH
So mediocre. Don't understand how people like her.
Great teacher!
Beware! Keeps students off balance changing requirements.
An intro to data analysis class should be helpful for all students to learn how to use excel, but this professor is so old fashioned that the assignments are totally impractical and I didn't learn anything usable. Despite working hard on all assignments, attending class, and studying hard in a group for exams, I didn't do as well as I should have.
Not recomended at all. Way too much work for this kind of class. Not clear at all.
makes economics a teeny bit interesting, way too many rediculus assignments, watch out for the stock market assignment-super long and super boring
Guy was aweful, went to class everyday, very boring, thought class was a joke and didn't learn anything, but passed with great marks!
You're a moron if you don't get an A in his class.
this class can be pretty exhausting because ever week is a new chapter with a quiz or short essay or discussion post. He does post reminders about stuff due. its super heavy reading! I wished we had more time on the quizzes instead of 5 min for 5 questions. lowkey feel like you should already be an expert on the subject to take this class
Professor Doonan for me wasn't very clear on what sources to use when defining meanings. So be sure to know what he wants when you do your essays. We were told to go by the book then told to go by his definitions. I know he worked in the field besides teaching, but this class for me was confusing.
I found the slides somewhat rambling and not geared toward the types of exams that were given. This class had potential, but did not delivier. Approached Doonan during office hours and felt brushed off. I can see why his humor appeals to people, however needs new material.
Professor Schaffer was a very difficult teacher. He lacked in the teaching part and was unclear when assigning homework, DB, and case studies. Even though he was caring, I feel like he didn't have a balance in his teaching. I agree that this is college and studying is part of what you need to do, but he was excessive.
So I took Campbell, but he couldn't teach cuz he got ill so Schaffer took over. I was scared. But oddly, the exams are actually really easy--if you study. what bothered me was he's almost no help. He never gives a review so exams are hit and miss & he basically expects you to teach yourself from the book. Stay strong if you take him & study!!!
Ridiculous. Our tests are only 30 questions and over 150 pages of text. He will not tell you what to study and will not let you look at your test (to see what you missed) unless you make an appointment to meet him in his office. Very frustrating teacher. I have only made 2 grades lower than a B in my life, both from him. Coincidence? I think not.
nightmare. avoid at all costs for any class. extremely frustrating.
You will have no clue what is on his tests. He says go over notes and read the book, but I still have no clue where he gets his tests questions. Plus he tells horrible jokes that arent funny, but everyone in the class laughs to suck up to him. Anyway he is a smart teacher but he cant teach !!!!
Dr. D is a pretty nice guy, and pretty funny... BUT he is VERY confusing and unclear... Jumps all over the chalkboard and doesn't explain what he is doing.
Weird teaching style. You feel like you are learning math the way people did in the old country. Very nice & humorous. Tests are easy as long as you approach correctly. Lots of school spirit, which is refreshing, as most of the profs exhibit open contempt for institution and students. (You know, world has failed to recognize their genius. HA!)
It is amazing that he teaches future teachers and that he still has a job. My advisor and other teachers cringed when they heard I had him. Means basically told us not to study for tests because he curves them so much, so you will pass without a doubt, you just have to put up with extremely boring lectures about pointless information.
I took him for Human Relations. Make sure you respect him and do what he asks and you will be fine. His tests are dumb but it's okay he scales them. Praise God!
Be ready to fail the tests, but he grades on a curve.
Means is a good teacher, but he expects you to come to class, read the book, and want to be a teacher. I learned a lot from him and got an A but I worked my butt off! You will have to write a lot of papers and be prepared to fail almost every test...he scales the grades.
Coming out of high school already taken AP Calc AB I thought this class would be a breeze and an easy A. I was quite wrong. The average for the first test was a 60% and he did not bother to curve it. The only reason I got a B+ in this class was because of the great T.A. who spoon fed us answers to the quizzes. Avoid!
TONS of work but not hard-dont waste your time reading-nothing learned is useful
She is a nice woman and has good intentions, she really cares about her students. But she does go on a lot of tangents too often and it can be confusing. Just read the book and the slides and you will do fine! There is only one midterm, 2 papers, and no final. Participation & attendance is necessary & she keeps a record.
Crazy professor. Can't stand her at a teacher. Nice person, understanding, and funny- but not tolerant of other opinions and annoying- very inappropriate too!
I hate her!! I heard that the class was really entertaining and fun, but that was with other professors. Thinks she is better than all her students, talks down to you, not understanding about absesces, even if it is for a funeral!!!
this woman's kind of a nut and completely obsessive-compulsive. take with sherif-trask if she's teaching it! Wilgen's nice enough, but really quirky. HARD exams, weird grader, and won't really listen to you if you need her help...she's weird like that
Be nice to your TAs
always showed up to 5-15 minutes late even for a 55 minute class. never answered emails, even when I had a family emergency. had to repeatedly ask for him to post slides he said he would and he never did, even though multiple people asked. I have the final for this class in two days and he has not posted grades from september.
Doesnt grade anything until end of semester so I have no idea what I have in class. Saved all of the assignments until finals week, and we still have a final to study for. Took a midterm months ago, now its finals week and I still dont know my grade. Hes funny, but we never do anything in class and then are tested on extensive material. Boring clas
Professor Rise is a nice guy, but there was not one class where he showed up on time. He was anywhere from 5-15 minutes late every day and the class was only 55 minutes. We fell behind. You have to type everything he says in lectures because he barely uses slides The exams are hard even with a cheat sheet available to you. I would not recommend.
Very nice man, just soo monotone. It's very hard to sit through a lecture without dosing off or getting distracted. He is a tough grader, especially on open-ended exam questions or papers. Exam questions vary from straightforward to specific so definitely study. Bonus- He let us use a cheat sheet.
boring class, not interesting, and tests don't really reflect what the class goes over in my opinion
Really easy class but his lectures are boring and there often aren't slide shows so you have to pay attention. Get the textbook it really helps with the study guide. He uses UD capture and there is never any homework. He isn't a hard grader but its hard to pay attention in class.
Easily the most boring professor at UD.
Disorganized doesn't even begin to describe it. If you're a person who likes due dates, profs being on time for class, or profs who are competent, this guy is not for you. This class drove me insane. We never knew when things were due, never got assignments handed back, and the class itself wasn't even that interesting. Wouldn't take him again~~
dry & unstructured - impossible tests
This guy is a ****.
She called me presumptuous for really no reason and I called her out on it and ended up having to drop the course in order not to receive an F. Not really nice unless you suck up. Our personalities clashed and it wasn't a good experience. Don't take this prof if you hate boring lectures and hate being a kiss-ass.
I had S. Mary in 2003-04 and did not like my symposium at all. Class was boring and our research paper was dumb. I already knew how to write a research paper from high school and found symposium to be completely worthless and a waste of my time.
Too insistent on participation, boring class, but not very hard
Awesome professor, but very difficult class. I put my all into this class and I still barely understood anything. First pop quiz completely screwed me over. I'm just glad I got this over with.
Dont take him! even if you are new to VB, you must know how demanding this class is! everything is weighted and you better do well on the projects as well as the exams to pass. Take advantage of his TA s! they are actually helpful. book is not so helpful though. D grade worthy. yikes!
sometimes I don't agree with what students write about professors. Dr. Addo is not an easy teacher nor he speaks very clearly(I hope you uonderstand what I mean), his exams are not easy too, does that tell you he is a good/bad teacher?
Agreed, Addo is not as great as everyone says he is. I think his lectures are ok, but he stutters a lot. His tests are very difficult and the projects are not that bad. Pop quizes are worth 18% of grade, what a joke
There's a required textbook, but you don't need it. Quizzes are due at the end of the semester. They weren't easy, but as long as you watch the videos and take notes of EVERYTHING he says, you will pass. Papers were doable, you just need to follow the rubric closely. I definitely did not enjoy this class though. Choose another professor if you can.
Worst online class ever. His lectures are long and boring and the quizzes are so specific. I have met him in person and he is a very interesting person no doubt but his online class is not it, he mainly focuses in his own work instead teaching concepts. Also the papers are graded mainly on grammar. If you want an easy online class, do not take him
TA's grade papers, not the professor. His lectures are pre-recorded, so you would figure he has time to grade papers instead of his TA's.
He is a liberal arts professor who expects more emphasis in your papers about culture and society rather than science.
8 modules, quizzes at the end of each one. A couple extra assignments, but he grades pretty easy. The lectures are long and boring but you need to watch them to get good grades on the quizzes.
awesome class, he covers A LOT during lectures, got a C in class, the exams are HARD, gives a study guide for each test but not enough time to study it and only gives 30 min for each exam
Interesting class, learn a lot of good concepts, is very interested in his field
Lectures contain zero examples and typically involve him diving too deep into theory. Exams were online and were relatively easy using his website and the textbook as tools. The final, however was much more difficult and done in-person. Students that cheated or collaborated on the exams typically did poorly on the final, so make sure you study up.
Online set up is full of pitfalls. Lectures are helpful, but several years old. Professor designed website is confusing and important information is disparate. No partial credit for typos or small errors, though misleading typos are common in his text and website. Quizzes feature morally dubious trap questions to catch cheating. Overall painful
The professor has the potential to be an excellent lecturer however, he can be extremely rude when asked questions. Also, he turns the class into an ad for his online software which is very outdated, and is always having problems. The final is very easy and the quizzes are not very hard either. As long as you put in effort, you will pass.
Requires use of his own software which is confusing and has bugs. Many peers in class had issues that professor does not fully address. Condescending when responding to questions. I was given a 0 for a glitch in his software even though I sent the physical work but I forgot to take screenshots. No real partial credit for legitimate work.
Graded on quizzes, homework and final. No partial credit on anything. His lectures are helpful,if you watch those you don't really need the book but the book is still useful. The TA responds to the discussion boards more than he does. He claimed he was helping students out with a curve at the end, but most students ended up doing worse b/c of it.
Quite frankly one of the worst professors I've ever had. Degrades when asked a question. Hard to understand. If you had him for 150, extra hw because of repeated Q's. Book is expensive and pay extra for HW website. Teaches a lot for his online calculator, which is dumb because we can't use it for the final. Just don't take him.
Dr. Samraj was very vague on what to expect on her tests and she doesnt help much with what to review. She is also very anal on attendance and a nazi on grading papers. Don't expect any positive comments because you won't get any. I really would have preferred taking this class with another prof but she was the only one teaching this course. :-(
class was hard. She covers a lot during class so try not to miss class, though you'll save yourself a headache. She talked way too fast and only the exams counts. She'll help if you go to her office hours, but if you ask her a question or tell her you dont understand, she'll just say that you should be going to the tutor and learn the materia
I got the best grades on all of the tests out of everybody sitting around me in this class, thought I would definitely get an A-, but she gave me a B+ without explanation. I worked my ass off to get an A in this class! Take someone else!!
If you study hard you'll do well. But don't expect it to be easy. Don't miss lectures, they are more important than the book. If you just read the book, you'll see that the material in the book won't help you much.
Nice lady, and a very good teacher. Expects too much from her students and likes answers exactly the way she says them. Grade is based on three papers and an analysis. Tests are short answer questions. Take good notes and you will pass.
The information is interesting but she expexts way too much for people whol are not professional linguists and laughs at those who have questions. We are learning here.... don't expect us to come into the class knowing the information... that's your job!
Talks way too fast! Interesting subject matter though
Also thought this class would be awesome (no tests). Not at all, she pretty much invents her own grading scale which seems to change daily. in the end I think she picks grades out of a hat. Also, I never took a history course that didn't teach WWI or WWII? wtf
Thought this class would be easy with no exams and just assignments. WRONG... the grading scale is whack. Grades assignments hard as well. Historical simulations are the most boring things, and if your not into it, you pretty much get a poor grade.
Ok, there are a bunch of books you buy but you dont have to do the readings. You have to go to class but you dont have to take notes, or even pay attention. Each week you post online or act out a historical character in discussion. There are only 2 quizes and theyre online. Boring, but an easy A.
dumbest class ever--you learn nothing about history, only stuff about the internet. unless you participate a lot, you won't do well. Discussion is the only thing that matters
This class sucks.She has no idea that her class has little importance.Mucho work
Wow. students with less than 3 years experience won't be able to understand this woman in conversation. Not too difficult grading on assignments, though. I would not advise against, though there may be better options.
Doesn't go by her syllabus, and makes assignments very unclear.
expected way to much of intro students. never explained things clearly. snapped at students if they did not know the answer. spacy at times. she does know her stuff and is funny when she is spacey though
She is completely scattered brained and you cant understand a word she says. Incredibly nice lady and class was never boring at least.
His lectures are so LONG. Unless you are really interested in what the specific lecture is on, you'll be bored out of your mind. Do NOT take as a night class because you barely even get a break! Tests are mostly book material, but a sheet is based off lectures. Everyone will be required to lead a discussion as well. It's not hard, but it isn't fun.
i COME TO CLASS EVERYDAY AND TRY TO LISTEN BUT HE DOES GET OFF TANGENT.MY FIRST COURSE IN SOCIO AND I FELT LIKE HE DIDNT TEACH ME ANYTHING WHILE THE BOOK DID.hE IS OLD SO HE DATES BACK TO THE 70'S. I ASKED HOM FOR HELP BUT DIDNT REALLY RECIEVE ANY HELP EXCEPT READ THE BOOK. HE IS NICE BUT NOT AS HELPFUL IF YOUR NOT A SOCIO MAJOR OR MINOR
the most pointless class; makepeace easily gets off topic, rarely discusses anything related to sociology, and almost always lectures for the full 70 mins. his tests are directly from the chapter reviews however, he gives a separate sheet of "lecture" questions that are very difficult. i would say if you can avoid a class taught by him, do so!!
Makepeace has the most monotone voice I have ever heard. Good luck staying awake in there!
Extremely boring and monotone. Often, before a test, he would skip review sessions because he said we knew what to review. Terrible teacher.
Mulders is a very nice guy and extremely personable, however he shouldn't be teaching this subject. He takes no responsibility for F averages on exams, doesn't curve, and doesn't care if you do not succeed. Very condescending when it comes to the subject matter. Would recommend avoiding this prof if possible.
Missed two questions on the Final, drop half a grade! This man is sooo lazy that everything is multiple choice, but that makes things horrible because there is NO partial credit. If you're not a Mech E and required to take this class AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE
The class is relatively (hah--pun) easy. The professor is funny, and he's not really a bad guy, but his explanations are neither thorough nor clear, and he is hard to get in touch with outside of class.
This guy doesn't know what he is talking about. Don't take his course. He will hate you in any way.
Barry is hindered by the fact that the math dept at DE sucks
yawn, but other than that ok. not a very interesting person.
Don't believe his curve. Claims 75=A but my 80=B+
Has no clue how to convey info. If not for his TA, almost all would have failed.
nice guy, can't teach for ****
She makes this class harder than it needs to be. The first few weeks of class you're in a classroom and not on computers. This is the hardest part of the course because she gives a written test everyone does badly on and her quizzes are hard to get a handle on at first. Takes the rest of the semester to recover your grade from that.
Really just an awful class. Classes were not used to prepare for exams, that was on your own. Classtime was spent "learning" complex sales order processing software. Let alone, she is really just not a nice professor at all, and she teaches more about logistics than the actual computer programs. DON'T TAKE
Honestly, she's rude and doesn't actually teach you anything. You show up to class and she expects you to know how to do everything. If something goes wrong with your computer she will simply say "I can't help you" and walk away. You won't be screwed if you have to take her, but I would try and avoid her as much as possible. The work takes hours.
Lectures not interesting, and teacher is conceded.
SHE IS SUCH A BLAND ****!
Easy Grade! exams are hard but a lot of other work to get a good grade. NOT the best teacher, very high on herself, but easy a or b
THE WORST, learn nothing, be bored, can't teach, monotone voice
Bueller Bueller...seriously this guy isworse than listen to ben stein. AVOID
monotone voice, id rather die than attend that class ever again
Nice man, bad teacher. His exams hardly matched his slides or lectures.
Try to be helpful but can always brought in the same note from his previous semesters.
Hes not as bad as everyone says he is. His tests are pretty easy but I found the group projects to be difficult. Hes a very nice guy but I didnt find him to be too helpful. Dont be scared away though, its a pretty easy class.
Not a very good teacher who LOVES to hear the sound of his own voice. But you can get an A in his class if you study the notes and homework problems posted online. Lectures are incredibly boring and unnecessary to attend. You do not need to go to class to do well. I think I went 3 times and I got an A by teaching it to myself.
BORING, terrible advisor, acts like he cares but really gives no advice. Class is even worse, makes terrible (and sometimes ****) jokes, just reads straight from slides.
He is a hard professor but you do learn a lot. He picks favorite students and if you are one of them you are in for an easy ride if not you're screwed.
terrible teacher. all you do is go through the book's powerpoint notes. he doesnt teach anything and his tests are impossible
Had him for 311 also, not a bad professor, but not so great either. Gotta learn on your own, case studies not that bad, always delays it.
helpful for all but actual class info, he is a great advisor but doesn't teach
man dances around student questions, doesnt give you the time of day for help
Bigot. If you are white you ain't right. Dismissive of points of view that do not agree with the standard militant african-American pap.
Don't take this class if you have a tough schedule for the semester. It's a lot of work mostly it goes into the business fair project. Study for your tests, a lot of memorizing. She did give extra credit and a few breaks. It's not that bad, but its not the fun class persay...Goodluck
the only class I took at UT where I can say I learned nothing at all. Tests were challenging. The group Business project is fun and worthwhile, but can suck if you have slackers in your group.
Cleveland's class leaves much to be desired. Her course material is basically a bland amalgam of MAN 320 and MKT 320 with the words "software, z-score, and human knowledge" periodically mixed in. Pompous bore who loves the sound of her own voice
you better be a football player.... or have one in your group
He WILL help IF you ask. He will give you more examples IF you take the time. I HAVE learned from him when it comes to fallacies. He is not the best professor, & his exams are hard, but that's reality. I respect him even if he talks about himself a lot. Being a 3.8 GPA student means nothing in this class. You either get it or you don't.
He's so rude, honestly I hate him as a person. His class is pretty easy to pass, there are NO TESTS, only essays. There is a homework assignment due almost every day if you are not a test taker this is an easy class if you are good at writing. His class is pretty darn easy to pass especially if you do all the assignments.
Vician is a funny man, but very opinionated. He tends to argue with people on things. Be aware that you must paraphrase the readings due every week which are about 3-4 pages of writing. He goes off topic A LOT so it is hard to take notes and truly understand. The class is definitely not easy, but not hard at the same time. Only take if needed.
Dr. Vician was a great teacher, even though he talked all class long nad was very boring. The material is difficult though. If you aren't used to writing 4 to 5 page long essays don't take his class because weekly you are assigned one.
He's an old cat w/ hella skill; PHD. His class is difficult because it's based only on test. You have to really memorize what he points out in the book in order to pass this class. This make's it hard. He rambles about himself, so it makes it hard to learn the material in class. You have to ask specific textual questions.
well, I have to say that I hate his class. The way that he teach is so weird! The class was fun, but I didn't really learn anything since he tell stories too much.
"He might as well write the word dumba** on the board and point to it whenever anybody raises their hand." This is a quote I overheard about Vician.. people I've talked to seem to agree. I think is a smart man with good intentions, but he has taught me nothing, and his class is unpleasant to be in. His attacks on studenst make it hard to learn.
I have mixed feelings about Vician. While I think the workload in his class is a bit extreme, I also think it is valuable. I would often get angry with Vician's constant pompous remarks & verbal attacks on students. Although, I noticed he was very kind 1 on 1. He is fair & knowledgable. Take his class if you like a challenge;academically & socially
He doesn't like SUV's. I wrote a nice 10 page essay on Truth and it followed the first era in philosophy but I got a C in it because I didn't "utilize" the new phenomenon era of philosophy. He got mad at the class the next day. Apoligized the day after. Homework is paraphrasing other essays. Ugh
his class wasn't boring, but very hard..his test are super hard. Do NOT take this class if you need to meet your critical thinking section and it's a last minute thing... trust me, take a speech class instead
HE IS NOT EASY. But he is a genius and if you listen to him he knows a lot. A Ph.d in Phil is on of the hardest. his voice is boring and puts you to sleep but if you can get past it it's an awesome class. MUST TAKE ADJUNCT!!!!
Very arrogant, spends most of the class telling stories about how he got the better of/out-argued someone. Follows the book and is very boring. Read the book and you should be fine, but he's very irritating to listen to. Waste of time, IMHO.
Confusing..tests are hard. he talks about his own personal life more than what he is teaching. and when he is teaching, he goes thru the book hella fast. Its a cool class and he's very funny, but i believe the tests are hard.
hes funny, but you have to summerize all those things. so i dropped it the first day.
Anyone who takes this guy will start to get irritated with him right off the bat. He makes fun of everyone in the class!
I didnt even complete this class, AND IM GLAD I DROPPPED IT! he made his students write like summeries that were longer than the actual text! He is a very smart man but bc he is so smart he doesnt really think his student's opinons matter.
The guy is ok, he's funny or whatever but the class sucks. He rambles on and on and veers off the subject. The subject matter is confusing because of how he teaches it and he doesn't seem very helpfull towards his students.
Mean teacher!
This class was created by Dr. Martin but the TA was the actual teacher. This class is first and foremost a statistics and economics class that has very little to do with sports. It's just the same math problems we hate put into the context of sports. If you love stats and econ, go for it. If you like sports, you might wanna steer clear.
Prof. Martin is clearly a very smart and nice guy, but just doesn't seem very interested in teaching. Lectures are often hard to follow and he tends to tell irrelevant (but funny/interesting) stories. However, he gave a large curve at the end of the semester and his practice exams are almost exactly the exam. Doable, but there are better professors
Lectures are pointless because he says the same stuff in his notes online. I basically taught myself the class because the way he explains stuff is horrible. He's a nice guy but a bad teacher.
Poorly organized class
She cares more about community service than hospitality. It gets really annoying and you may want to kill yourself. Easy class though. Just read her notes on WebCT.
Absolutely the worst class this semester. Shes nice but an absolute air head. She doesnt know the first thing about computers yet all of her assignments and quizzes are posted on webct. My biggest mistake was not checking webct on a regular basis.. Just do the work. Dont really hafta attend class
This woman makes me NUTS! Blue Skies, everyone! Never want to take her again.
-very harsh grader and even admits that it's hard to get an A in his class -have to do a lot of reading but he picks interesting books to read -he's a nice guy but just a really boring class -if you need a ged ed credit, just take a different course
If you don't like talking in class, do not take him. You're expected to participate in every class, and if you don't he will start calling on you. Also, grades are extremely unclear. He just put letter grades in blackboard at the end of the semester with no explanation.
Alvarez is a good guy who genuinely wants students to like him. But, his grading techniques were horrible. He is very unclear as to what he wants, and he feels impossible to please. He will only give an A if he feels like he himself would have written it. Lots of papers, lots of reading, with a lot of non-constructive criticism. Wouldn't take again
NEED to go to class - he grades on attendance. Several papers to write throughout semester. Need to read books he assigns - everyone has to lead a class discussion on assigned reading and nobody knows when they will be picked. Lectures a lot about history topics even though it's an English class. Very slow on grading.
The papers are hardest thing. He tears apart any paper you take to him & you end up struggling to finish at the end because you've rewritten it three times. Any other prof would have graded my papers higher. Felt like he wanted master's thesis for last 3 papers, and @ end of the semester, not possible. Way too hard for a 200 level class.
Lectures don't make any sense. He likes to throw out names or words in other languages to try and sound smarter but it is completely irrelevant to the books.
Alvarez is very knowledgable in his field. However, I often felt lost in his assigned readings. The class seems to jump around a lot and I had to consult the class description to understand the underlying connections between the texts he assigned. He's a nice guy, but he's forgetful and unsympathetic.
Pretty interesting class and the stuff we read was pretty good. He can just be really hard to follow sometimes because he has a heavy accent and speaks pretty quietly. Made for a long couple of hours when I was always struggling to understand what he was saying
I was disappointed with this class. I felt that much of the literature was not representative of the time period or of England. I did not feel comfortable speaking in class because the prof would make me feel like my opinion was wrong. Class discusses the obvious and does not encourage constructive debates. I recommend another prof for ENG 221.
Hard to understand sometimes with his accent. not clear on direction and expectations. boring...all we do is read and discuss the readings that half the class didn't even read.
As previously mentioned, his grading system is precarious at best! When a syllabus indicates from day 1 that "an A by definition is hard to get", you should run! You never receive a grade until the very end. You never know where you stand! I enjoyed the class lectures and readings but grading doesn't make sense!
This professor is very kind in class, but he had an agenda. Make sure you are not against his mode of thinking or you will be punished.
Teaches what he wants to, not what the course description is. Biased lectures, the class discussions, free writes, and online submissions will make you want to drop. Stay away at all costs!
Notes are not very helpful, sometimes hard to understand, overall good prof
For a communications professional, she cannot clearly communicate to her students. Anytime an opinion or question was raised that she disagreed with or didn't understand, the student was ridiculed and she was extremely defensive, creating tension in the classroom. NOT RECOMMENDED!
Skims over interesting stuff. Underestimates her students I think.
Old Testament Survey should not be a hard class at all. I took it in high school and got a 99... He never stays on track and he teaches so many classes that he forgets what stuff he taught to which class so stuff ends up on the test that we never talked about in class. Do not take his class!!!
I don't know how his class compares to the other Old Testament Survey classes, but this one was very boring. If I were one to sleep in classes, this would have been one I would have slept in. Dry sense of humor....very dry. I should have gotten an A in the class, but I didn't try enough.
His class is boring...I fell asleep in there almost every time. He's a very sweet man though.
The old tests DO NOT HELP. His exams are way different. I hope to God I don't have this man for any subject ever again. I studied mad hard and I still barely passed. The extra credits will save your life.
I have gotten an A in every chem until biochem. This guy is ridiculous, he just sits on his chair and blabbers and wont answer questions well. His tests are ridiculous and unfair and pretty stupid. He has potential but as of now he has no game. Stay away, for for Ochs, becuase stephani is arrogant and doesnt realize it. Ochs = #1
buy his old tests!!!
I took professor stephani over the summer for bio chem and his class wasnt that bad...no need to buy a text cause his test is from his notes... hes entertainining and u wont get bored...ALSO get the old tests cause he repeats the old test questions and study hard and u will do fine!
picks on you during class..exams straight from his notes..try to get his old exams!!! write down everything he says..study structures
his class is hard....you have to get the old exams!!! dont buy the book, its all from his notes; do all the extra credits and have to go to class to understand the notes.
are you kidding me.. stephani is the man.. dont sit in the front or he will pick on you. if he sees you talking, he will kick you out. i sat in the front one day and i couldnt keep my eyes off of his glasses.
Very difficult course anyway, prof just makes it more worse. Has own notes, doesn't follow text, no pt buying text. Get old exams to pass.Do all ec,those points just might save you from a failing grade. Don't miss any classes. Will pick on u no matter what. Don't try to avoid eyes, will still call u
he looks retarded and he expects u to know everything. don't understand a single word he says. he's confusin.
hes only good if u have his previous exmas..otherwise dont even bother with him...he calls on ppl ALOT in class
very hard class. he expects you to know EVERYTHING even before you learn it. boring guy.
this guy is hard, memorize notes
He was kind enough to make the class easier when his son went through it. I know for a fact.
Prof. Doane likes her job. She loves it when students comment and actually talk about the books/selections, and will give you many chances to do well. Be prepared to read works by Willa Cather whenever she can fit one into a class. Also, she often has to cut readings from classes, due to time management. Tons of extra credit, not a hard class.
She lost my journals, never mentioned that Willa Cather was probably a **** and had no clue as to how to read ethnic literature. The class was more like Oprah's book club of the month. We didn't even discuss theory and all we did was talk. Yawn.
Bends over backwards if she likes you. Otherwise, forget it.
Had a very old school teaching style that I didn't personally enjoy. I did not find the material to be engaging at all and his tests were IMPOSSIBLE. But they were graded on a generous curve so I did okay. Unfortunately, I don't feel as though I learned/absorbed any of the material because the tests were so bizarre.
He is a terrible professor, who believes he should have questions on the exam that we've never seen before. His lectures are very boring, the quizzes are easy, but the exams are hard. No real need for the book!
You must read the book as well as go to lectures, accent is not bad at all, test are hard, drops lowest test grade, and has a huge curve, overall a good teacher who knows his stuff!
Tries very hard but gets frustrated
This professor is plain rude and all around terrible. I was so excited to take this course until I had to take it with her. She grades extremely hard and I did pretty poorly despite being on the deans list and working very hard for the class. Professors with her attitude problem should teach else where. Don't take her, you have been warned.
She is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not a good prof at all. Lectures are powerpoint, but most slides have long paragraphs on them so you have to decide what you want to write, all while trying to listen to her. She doesn't put the powerpoints on blackboard and if you miss class, even for a medical reason, she won't give you the notes for the day you missed. Do not take her class.
Very feminist, focuses on useless information, very anal about small details. class comprised of 2 tests and a project. If you do not know an answer, she will not tell you the answer. Attendance is not mandatory but if you miss, you are screwed. Horrible professor for CJ 312.
Very interesting class. Not an easy grader, not the class to take if you want an easy A. She is defiantly a **** hater!
Class almost makes no sense sometimes. If she taught all the CJ classes at GVSU I would find another college.
Professor Vogl is a very nice lady, however she is not very approachable. He tests are VERY hard but if you do study, you will do alright...Im a CJ Major and hated this class...get a new professor if you can!!
I really did enjoy what I learned in this class. It is very important for the history of policing. She is not a very interesting or fun professor, but you will learn alot about policing. Do recommend the class, but not with this professor.
By far the most unhelpful prof. at GVSU! She is a mean lady, if you answer a question wrong you are screwed for the semester. If only someone else taught this class, she would have no one in hers!!!!
she knows everything.she made the cj system.nothing else matters
definitely not the easiest, very difficult to follow, talks above one's head
ugh. lets see, i went to every lecture, the guy knew my name, gave my friend a B instead of a C+ cuz he went to some final office hours at 10 pm the night of the exam, and I get stuck with a C+.
OMG this guy looks like a mad scientist. There's a GIGANTIC curve on tests. I wish I could explain this in english. and If you think my english is bad, wait till you see my hand writing were the only things I understood the whole semester. YIKES!
Everybody agree?
This professor is very nice and professional. He goes over many homework problems which is great but sometimes skips some of the work or doesn't explain what he did so students ask many questions and sometimes leaving us confused. The material is hard as it is already but he does offer help outside of class. He also curves the grade that helps alot
He takes off so many points for little things. Asks the most difficult types of problems on tests and quizzes, while going over only easy ones in class. Stands in front of the problem and does not explain each step. He does not curve, but drops the lowest quiz grade. Make sure you label everything (x-axis, y-axis, points, etc.)
this professor sucks. if you want to fail take him. he takes points off for every little thing. you cant have the whole answer right but still get so many points off the problem bc you didnt do the work the way he showed us! dont take himmmmmm
This guy is a true Professional Mathematician! He knows math and knows how to teach it. Come to class study hard for the quizzes and tests and do all the homework. If you have a problem ask he will help you out!
He is a really nice guy but only an OK instructor. Pretty unorganized: he rushed two tests in the last two weeks of class on top of the final exam. Entire classes were spent just doing one or two homework problems because he was sometimes unsure of how to solve them. May be great to take for Calc I and II but would not recommend for Advanced Calc.
STAY AWAY! STAY AWAY! STAY AWAY! STAY AWAY! STAY AWAY! Terrible teacher. Explains things MUCH BETTER AFTER you take his tests/quizes. Exams are much more in depth than problems explained in class. Everything has to be perfect on the exams or he takes off soooooo many points for minor mistakes. AND he sounds like old man herbert from family guy.
The guy knows what he teaches, but cant teach you. and he's kind of an **** sometimes, and hes boring too. BUT his policy kicks ass, so it definitely works in your favor. good luck with this dude.
If you know nothing about calculus either find someone in the class who knows and become their friend or take this class with an easier professor.
If you have not had any previous knowledge of Calculus STAY AWAY! The class is not clear as to what he wants from you, you have to participate for a grade but yet he makes it impossible to do so, tests are difficult and he is not very clear. It takes a lot of work if you havent already seen the material. Curves but it doesnt help much.
I found this class very boring, but I'd already AP Calc. Tough grader but not impossible. Sometimes he makes a lot of mistakes which can be confusing if you don't know what you're doing.
Had to teach myself. If you don't read the book you are screwed. He is a nice guy but a very harsh grader. If you take him, memorize the definitions out of the book WORD FOR WORD!
Nice professor who usually gets mad if you ask many questions. Teaches like his teaching himself.Has a some sense of humor but difficult quizes.
Dr. Bill is intelligent, and knows what he is teaching, although his methods don't work for everybody. The subject matter is DIFFICULT, and he doesn't really help all that much. He lays it out his own way and is usually not willing to change or adapt.
Generally an unhappy man, however he does know what he is talking about. The class is super difficult, and he doesn't do much to help you succeed.
He knows his stuff to be sure. He isn't the most helpful or patient teacher
Very opinionated and close-minded. AVOID at ALL costs!
Class was a waste of time. If it didn't fulfill a requirement, I would have never taken it. It was easy as sin, but utterly pointless. I can honestly say I learned very little in this class other than how to connect Star Wars to multiple cultures.
Oh, he isn't so bad. I mean, you won't take the class unless you like Latin. He goes off on tangents once in a while, and stutters, but he is like 75 years old and it doesn't hurt anything. I learned a lot. You just read out of the textbook every class, which is useful for this language, I think. He should go over grammar more.
very odd man. easy tests. never once stayed longer than an hour although he stutters an awful lot and half the time you have NO IDEA what he's talking about.
oh my god, this man makes absolutly no sense... he lets you out early though
WHAT'S THIS GUY TALKING ABOUT??? unclear, but easy to do well (w/o reading!!!!)
though i took his course years ago - I never knew what the heck he was talking about. glad to see he's no longer with UD as he was full of himself and never made up for it with any teaching ability. UD is better without him.
The class isnt too bad in terms of passing with a good grade, however the classes are brutal. He speaks softly in a monotone voice and without enthusiasm. Dont take this class early in the morning or you will have trouble staying awake.
I am annoyed that this instructor is capable of turning an inherently intriguing subject matter (lit theory/criticism) into an unbearably dull and unpleasant academic experience, but Clark does just this. Could he possibly be any more lackluster in his lectures or disposition? Hardly.
This picture is hilarious. He's really nasally and his lectures are boring and dry like his personality. I think he's approach to grading is out of whack.
Okay, what was with the maps? Half of his lectures were dedicated to unnecessary historical and geographical background. He was an okay lecturer, but not really interesting. At all.
The reading list for the course was interesting and texts were compelling, though he did not inspire, and discussions were often dry when they could have been engaging. A bit too ivory-towerish.
Ughh, he's got to be THE MOST boring lecturer in the whole humanities series. I couldn't stand the way he kept repeating his thesis (like a million times) Hello! enough is enough! We get the message!
Hard to understand, and tests are difficult... However, go to class, because he gives out the answers for the quizes, and there is a curve at the end
Talked too fast and was hard to understand. The only reason I got a decent grade was because of the way he does quizzes. Would be a lot easier to do Acct 285 if I understood what he said. He is very passionate about accounting and really knows what he is talking about.
Teacher isn't hard; copies from Clem all the time; flies through material; barely read the book; gives out easy quiz, homework, project points.
This class was very dissapointing as I want to be an accounting major. Mazzitelli just talks and talks and puts the entire classroom to sleep. All you have to do is go to class on Thursdays because thats when he gives out quizzes that he gives you all the answers to. I would not reccommend buying the book because it is $150 new and I never read it.
This class is harder if you take it from Mazz instead of Clem. He admits it a bad way to teach class as he rushes through notes and tests are downright impossible. Tests are curved and there are a lot of easy points so if you have to take it with Mazz, don't fret too much.
He has a great deal of interest in accounting, and thinks his students feel the same way. He lectures as if his students already know basic accounting principles. He only means well. Good guy, smart guy, funny guy, hard class.
He zooms through stuff so fast and gets somewhat eccentric. I'll admit that I mostly slept in his class because I went to SI to learn the stuff. If you are having trouble, get help early.
Mullen knows what he's talking about, but his lectures are not worth attending. Going to discussions is a bit more helpful, but the key to passing is reading the chapters thoroughly and spending as much time in the plants center as you can. passing the weekly quizzes is crucial. Tests are really difficult, but a lot of extra credit is given.
Agree with everyone else that the TAs in the Plant Center do most of the teaching. Very helpful to read the chapter as well as take notes. I didn't attend the recitations due to confusion and lost 30 participation points. Also exams are very tough. Took fall of 14 and no big curve like anticipated. Don't bank on a final curve...
Exams have nothing to do with what you learn. It just seems to come out of his head. Class averages for the test were less than 60 . Weekly quizzes were a pain.
I'm not sure if I can speak for everyone else, but Terry made econ MUCH, much more difficult than it needed to be. If you need help, get it, because he expects you to know everything inside out ten times through.
Do not do it. Just dont. He means well but makes the class one billion times harder than it needs to be. Tests are all handwritten where other Econ professors do multiple choice. I worked my life away just to get a B.
Homework is completely useless. Nothing like the tests or what he teaches in class. The tests are extremely hard, and does an awful job in lecture doing problems like them to prepare students.
I know a lot of people who dropped the class because he treated it like it was a 300 level class. I made it through but it was tough.
Terry is a very good teacher, but if you're not an econ major......... It will be very difficult to understand. I'm a student who likes to go back over my notes when the teacher uploads them to blackboard. It's hard to read his handwriting. A textbook would've helped me learn it a different way, but we didn't have one for the class.
In general a tough class if you are not interested in Econ at all. There are tough concepts to understand. There are not many tests, but they are tough. Not many points available. Make sure you go to class, or you'll miss random quizzes and will have a hard time understanding.
He is a good teacher but his handwriting is very bad. Also, he lectures without using notes or anything (impressive) but also hard to follow. Going to class is super important and the tests are difficult. The textbook isn't needed.
Ok instructor that encourages thought, but does not understand that many student are seeing these pieces of information for the first time even though this is intermediate. Principles is NOTHING like intermediate. For this class with this instructor, my marginal cost exceeded my marginal benefit.
Bottom line: don't take it econ with him. He intentionally doesn't make any part of his tests MC so if you don't understand something you're screwed. He goes over material way to fast and his handwriting is god awful. He draws a bunch of stupid graphs up on the board and doesn't explain them, just expects you to know. If you get him, SWITCH NOW.
I dropped this class after the first month. He just writes notes on an overhead, doesn't follow a book, and his tests are essay tests.
Hes terrible. Socialistic and unclear. After the first exam i went into his office for help and he replied by saying i just needed to study more. Notes took forever and he moved way to fast. Thinks hes funny, but hes just an ****. Openly made fun of kids that couldnt speak clear english. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS
He was good at first but then started moving WAY too fast.
his tests were horrible. and the notes were forever long! and so hard to stay awake but the notes were life and death.
Boo-urns. This class sucked ass compared to the other professors. All essay and drawing diagrams tests. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS
His microeconomics class is very difficult. He's much more concerned with your ability to draw graphs than he is with your ability to grasp economic concepts...and he's terribly arrogant and boring!
The online course is terribly hard!!!
This is the only class I fall asleep in!! He is SO dull! Not to mention he makes you feel like an idiot every time he calls on you- (and he will...)
This class sucks, don't take it. It is so boring, and his teaching methods leave something to be desired. And he's a scary little man.
His lectures suck because he writes on the chalk board and its hard to read from far away. You can't miss any class because his notes aren't online or anything. Tests are hard some info isn't even in the book. The book helped me more than his notes though
Worst class I ever took. Very intense lectures that are hard to miss because you have pages of notes to make up. I went in one time for some help and he just made me feel stupid.
Extremly diffucult class, attending class, did homework, and read, still HARD... and he is a grumpy lil man that wears weird hats
If you are a gifted student and want to take a challenging class, take Gaffney! He will give you a lot of interesting works to do. However, if you are an average student who just want to pass the course, avoid him for sure!
I have had a very frustrating semester with Professor Gaffney. He seems to cater his class to gifted students, not the majority, leaving us average students left in the dust. It seems that his tests are focused on how quickly you can complete them. A slow test-taker, I never finished one of his exams no matter how hard I studied.
if you want to take this class,you will fail...you can try
too much hw
Hard to follow, lectures are useless. Dont go to office hours hes a total sketch ball
I took Bethea for multiple classes (unfortunately, I had no choice). Many see his teaching style as gritty or innovative, but when I found he never bothered to read the paper he assigned, it just becomes clear his yelling and referring to old punk bands is a cover for not being prepared.
If your a progressive liberal, you will love him. If your parents ever saw his teaching style they would sue the school. He has a political agenda, and tries to instill learning of his political beliefs through fear and intimidation. Don't fall victim.
Seriously? This guy is a tool. He yells all the time and thinks he knows everything. Not a fan and I would never take another one of his classes.
I love Barb, but to tell you the truth, she is extremely scatterbrained, while her lectures are informative and the material is there, if she didn't distract herself or go on a little tangent, she would be gold. She is really really nice and easy to talk to as well.
Class was really useless, he made us read the chapter and had a quiz at the beginning of class. Then he decides to teach us the material after we had taken the quiz! With no midterm or final class is utterly useless, just read, take the quiz, and leave. He also assigns projects useless projects that he grades pretty harshly on.
Prof. clinton is an extremely intelligent and experienced man. I did not agree with his style of taking his opinions and shoving them in the class's face, but when a professor is given tenure, they are given the earned right to announce their opinions.
Attend class - you can't afford to miss anything that he says in lecture. Expect to take pages of notes every lecture, and to not understand anything. Exams are not easy and you should spend at least a week studying for them. 3 five page papers are due throughout the term based off of the readings. Doing well on them can definitely boost your grade
Arrogant. No matter how well you answer a question on an exam or write a paper --- demonstrating that you know and understand the material --- he will find something picky to use to grade it down
Boring, Difficult Professor. Its a one hundred level class taught way too hard. Skip this one!
Unclear expectations, unreasonable workload, lectures laced w/ academic rhetoric
Aghhhhhh. He's just SOOO BORING. I physically could not pay attention in class. I actually ended up bringing markers and paper to class. Why didn't i just skip you ask? Because he gives these random graded assignments in class. Do not recommend.
really boring. doesn't cover half of the syllabus but somehow it has all ended up on the final.... what? midterm and final consist of 3-4 questions, all open ended and worth 10 points each towards your final grade so not a lot of room to mess up. don't take it?
BORING AND DIFFICULT.
Hard class and professor gets off topic easily. In class assignments are given so go to class. Homework is done online but helpful for exam. Must study to get a good grade
Boring lectures. Read the powerpoints and do the homework. Homework is long but easy if you follow the book. Overall average. Super sweet guy though
Boring lectures. Attendance not mandatory, but important to understanding the lectures. For exams review the power points and study guides he gives you and you should do okay. also there are random in class quizzes worth 10 points so you should definitely go to class.
Honestly, his lectures are long and sometimes off topic. He is really nice, but his teaching skills are annoying. Take him only if you are really good at listening for 80 min straight and if you understand economics easily. Other than that, you MUST work HARD! Also, being in a lecture hall didn't help.
he's a nice professor, but really bad at teaching the material. you will not do well if you don't spend at least a week studying for his exams. also the aplias are also kind of hard... take this class if you are a genius or if you have good guessing/test taking skills. if you aren't you are going to have to work your butt off. bad curve.
Okay, with this professor you have to put so much time for his class. I have no interest in economics business or ANY of this stuff... I just needed it for a requirement... he expects you know the stuff and gives hard exams. DO APLIA, COME TO CLASS, STUDY! Get ready for a great roller coaster. TA is no help either.
He teaches the intro class as if we are all Economics majors. It's way too hard of a class for those of us just doing our reqs. homework 1-2x a week, online. Lectures are boring and very confusing. Doesn't answer questions too well. Lots of pointless emails. Exams are too hard, but lots of ways to get extra points. Class stressed me out !
Make sure to do all of your Aplia and get 100s on them because I got an F, D, and F on my midterms and finals and passed with a C because of the Aplia assignments. DO GO TO class because he occasionally gives out easy quizzes if your paying attention. I know a kid who never attended class and read the book and passed so its doable
really boring but smart professor. i taught myself everything by reading the chapters before class. gives random in class quizzes that count, uses aplia and sends pointless emails all day. do the aplia study guide before exams!!! i got a B in the class with a lot of studying so i wouldnt say hes an easy A. if you want an easy A, take perry.
Avoid him! Attending class is pointless -you could teach yourself all the material by reading the book yourself. you'd think a professor could enlighten you somehow, but no not him! He spends more time sending articles constantly instead of teaching all chapters and is rude. He's also harder than other micro teachers happily lowering our GPAs.
Avoid this teacher! To start with going to class is absolutely pointless, because you can easily teach yourself all the material by reading the book yourself- youd think a college proffessor would enlighten you somehow - but no- not him! He spends more time sending us articles every ha
He's really boring. But if you listen to him, you can learn the material easily. However, I just skipped/slept in class, read the book instead, and got an A. Textbook required, annoying written assignments, no clicker, no attendance needed. Study hard for the first test, as that will set you apart in the curve and get you the A.
this professor is insane!! he gives so much work. i spent nearly every day reading his stupid textbook. he gave the same assignments to both his regular micro and his honors micro. though he does know a lot about the topic. hes always in the chatroom and sending out articles
Very boring but not too hard if you read the book and do the study guide.
**Eye roll**
Pro. Rubin is not really helpful at all. Attendance is mandatory becuz you use iclickers in class that count as 'in class' quizzes. The textbook is a MUST! But the TAs for this class are extremely helpful. DO NOT take this class if you don't need to, or at least not with Rubin. =0)
Lecture's are sooo boring and you have to go cause of the i-clicker. No extra credit, but his tests aren't that hard. There's a good amount of hw each week which sucks. Take a diff prof. if you can.
one of the most boring teachers i've even had. a couldn't make it through one lecture without falling asleep in scott hall. the only reason i went to class was for the clicker questions. it is really hard to learn when a teacher is as boring as he is.
He is the hardest micro teacher at rutgers. Everyones who's trying to take intro to micro next year is lucky as hell since hes not teaching it anymore. His tests are hard and hes way to got damn boring. There wasnt one class where i didnt fall asleep. He just draws ugly a-s graphs and expects us to understand what hes talking about. DONTPICHIM
Very dificult tests. About a 10 point curve to your overall grade but something like 1/3 of class still gots D's + F's. You're better off reading the book and not coming to class, just hand in hw and leave. Do HW to help your grade!
This class took a rough start, but the homework that you do helps boost your grade. The curve is pretty big. You don't really have to attend the lectures, you can read from the book and workbook. The book is really good, the workbook is sometimes tricky. The book is also online, so if you want, you don't have to buy a physical copy of it.
despite your interest in the subject, prof. rubin will drain in out of you and throw random questions in your direction not clearly related to the homework assignments. he is simply not organized.
I actually enjoy Econ but I found Prof. Rubin to be very hard and very boring. He is far too technical. You leave the class with very little knowledge. Tests are VERY dificult. Avoid taking his class.
One word: BORING!!!!!!!!! His class made me not want to get out of bed in the morning!!! It was torture!!!!
I am big on econ+business and I find his class very boring. He is not very approachable and his tests are VERY hard. Weekly homeworks aren't too bad but tests are INSANE.
Rubin was my professor for the honors section of micro. He's extremely boring, just as basically everyone else has said. I busted my ass just to get a B; his tests are mad hard. I would avoid taking him, I feel like I didn't learn anything from his lectures. He is very unapproachable as well.
He's a nice guy, but lectures do NOT help. Make sure you read the book and understand the graphs in it..its all graphs but not too hard.
Boring, resents having to teach an intro class. The study guide teaches, but is flawed... typos everywhere; the book teaches nothing. Homework has nothing to do with exams. Trust me, you will learn more application and less theory in another econ class.
Very Jerky Man
Not a hard class at all. He was boring and never explains his assignments very well. Still, it was a very easy class and he is a fairly nice person. I didn't enjoy the class or the teacher but it's deffinately an easy A for a pointless UI-100 class.
Going to class is absolutely pointless. His lectures consist of explaining things in the book that he thinks are hard to understand. But he does give a study guide for the test, so if you know the study guide, you can do well on the tests.
he is so mean. take his course if you wanna get low grade
This class was really different. It seemed like going to class wasn't vital because his notes were really weird. It's not a hard class, so I would recommend it, but I don't really like his style of teaching a whole lot. His tests are very long, but not impossible!
Talks at you for 50 minutes straight, which is not how anybody learns. The homework takes hours, look at the textbook for clarification, and do every practice exam he gives. This is the most memorization heavy class I have ever taken. Insists that he doesn't curve but curved my grade at least half a letter up from the scale he had in the syllabus.
I made this class my life this semester. Exams were incredibly difficult and I felt very discouraged after seeing no progress for over half the semester. I found lectures unhelpful and made it through by utilizing TA office hours and tutoring. Offers extra credit + takes feedback on improving the course, didn't know my grade until the end.
Prepare for this class to be your whole life. Grabowski is tough but you also have to show him that you're putting effort in.
Where do I even begin...I worked my butt off and surprisingly I received a B in the course but seriously be warned. I cried so many nights and lost so much sleep that my roommates thought I was attempting the Russian Sleep Experiment. This is a really tough course and, for me to even get a B, I had to make this class my #1 priority.
Not the worst option, but definitely not a good option. Tests are hard and he uses the ACS final instead of writing his own. If youre stuck with him, know the reactions well and use the old exams to study.
Dr. Grabowski is a decent lecturer, but if you go to him with any questions, especially if they are grade related, he will rip you apart. One of the rudest professors Ive ever met. Claims not to curve but has to with averages in the low 40s. Had no idea what my grade would be until the class was over. Wouldnt recommend.
Grabowski could be a better professor, but his quizzes which are too challenging to be put into a 15 min time frame can mess up the majority of the class average during the exams. Tophat questions are given every lecture as well as pre-made notes that he does not post later. Try to find another professor if you can help it.
While Dr. Grabowski is a nice guy, having him for OChem 2 is awful. His notes are incomplete so you lectures are mandatory. He sets up assessments that are comprised of two quizzes (17 points each) and the exam (66 points). The quizzes are always meant to trip you up. Averages are in the single digits. Exams are in the 40s-50s. I would avoid.
Very intelligent, but not good at teaching. His notes are posted before class to fill in, but they are nearly useless for studying. There are 6 quizzes, 3 exams and a final, and online HW. He is not good at explaining the concepts and doesn't give much partial credit
Take someone else, anybody else if possible
So here is the drill with grabowski. GO TO CLASS AND MAKE SURE YOU GET MOST OF THE CLICKER QUESTIONS. DO YOUR SAPLING AND MAKE SURE YOU HAVE 100% AND EVERYONE OF THEM. EVEN IF YOU HAVE TO USE CHEGG USE IT. The sapling is just for extra practice it looks nothing like what is on the exam. Take advantage of the human beings who teach recitation
For goodness sake STAY AWAY!!!! I have your best interest at heart. The other people didn't make it clear enough. Do not! I mean do not take him! Even as a last resort, avoid. He gives extra credit through clickers but that's not enough to give you the cushion you need from the overly complicated exams he gives. AVOID AT ALL COST #allgpasmatter
I took AP and OChem in high school and still struggled in this class. His lectures are pretty clear but the exams are very tricky and the questions are not straightforward.
Very difficult professor. Class averages are around 50% for all tests. Does not explain concepts well in class and typically covers a chapter a lecture which is 1 hour 15 minutes. 50 homework questions assigned a week and even the tutors do not know how to do some of them. All in all would not recommend.
Very difficult tests and barely time to study because the online homework problems are assigned every week and take about 8-15 hours each problem set.
He is a lazy guy who reads off the power points. The tests are tough and the average is usually around 60. Don't worry about grade though; as long as you are above average, you will get at least a B. My average was 80 and I got an A. You get credits for clicker questions so make sure you go to class.
Don't take him if you are looking for an easy A. There are 50 mandatory homework questions due every week, not to mention countless optional practice problems. Lectures are very well organized and jam packed with important information, so don't skip. Tests are quite difficult, however he curves the class. Hard prof, but I learned a lot from him
Grabowski is a misunderstood professor. His lectures and tests are extremely difficult, but its not because he doesn't know how to teach, it is just because he is way too overqualified to teach a gen chem class. He's one of the head OChem professors at Pitt! If you take is class, make sure you DO read the book and do online homework.
Impossible tests even after the 50 hw questionsweek. I actually liked lectures because they were organized and moved quickly, but he'd often move too quickly and not give enough time to write everything down. A good number of test questions weren't even covered in the notes. IMPORTANT: I did MUCH better in Chem2 than people with easier professors.
Avoid him if you have the opportunity. Way too much homework, hard weekly quizzes, difficult tests, and lectures are him flying through powerpoint slides. Reading the text was the only way I passed.
Gen Chem I was awful! Lectures come straight from textbook with no detail. Flies through examples and then online homework is ten times harder. Only way to do well on the tests is to teach yourself the chapters. Would have done terrible in class had I not had a great AP Chem teacher in high school. Don't take this class with him if possible!!
Professor Grabowski's tests were extremely difficult for me even though I did numerous practice problems, practice tests, and just the homework which was due each week (way too many problems). Lab and extra credit will pull up your grade. I had 2 test grades in the 40s and 50s and still passed because of the extra credit and lab.
He expects students to have a better understanding of gen chem than most do. Doesn't give enough time for tests, and the tests are hard. Weekly homework assignments take hours. If you already have a good understanding of chem, go for it, otherwise choose another prof.
he expects you to have a lot of "prior knowledge" but most of his students did not have any. the tests are both multiple choice and short answer, and he gives about 30 points in extra credit if you go to class. the final can count for double if you do better on the final than on any other test. the curve is pretty big too
Dr. Grabowski is a very difficult general chemistry teacher, because he has a higher intelligence level and expects you to know more in-depth concepts of chemistry than gen chem normally would. Extra credit is only offered in lecture, and reading the book is a must to pass
I honestly hate this man. This man has absolutely ruined my interest in chemistry and my freshman fall term as a whole. He should never be allowed to teach in America. AVOID THIS MAN LIKE EBOLA.
Avoid this class at all costs. If you plan on taking his course you better be a quick writer because he rushes through all of his powerpoint slides and don't bother asking questions because he will literally laugh in your face. On top of that, the 50 questions a week will take you 2+ hours. Love chemistry, hate this class.
I hate OWlv2. 50 problems a week? ARE YOU SERIOUS!?!?
DO NOT TAKE GEN CHEM 1 WITH HIM!! He failed to go in depth on the general concepts and focused mainly on organic chem concepts. Extra credit was offered as a bribe to sit through his excruciatingly boring class. He was not willing to help students during class/office hours, and laughed at simple questions that were asked.
TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE. Goes way too in depth. Teaches from the book in lecture but expects students to know way more in depth for exams. When questions are asked or incorrect answers are given he seems cocky and somewhat laughs at students. Does not seem like he wants to help his students understand.
He really demanded a lot of work through the homework problems to understand the material. Really you have to set aside time to do the homework to understand. His tests were pretty hard, but you get to drop one. He's actually really smart and you learn through the mistakes you make.
Essential to the process of learning organic chemistry is the drawing of mechanisms and seeing them drawn in class; this process was eliminated in this version of Organic 1 by utilization of lecture slides and lecture handout slides which included figures of the molecules.
worked my butt off in this class and ended up with a C. doesn't like questions during lecture, has no TA, and can be rude during office hours. i spent most of the semester in the fishbowl for help. i would study and do well on the take-home exams but poorly on the hourly exams. avoid. i hear to take bandik or even nelson.
He's a nice guy aside from the teaching o-chem part. He assigns optional A, B and C level problems to practice, and his exams rival the tough C ones. In short, his class is excruciatingly hard, but if you go to class and get your extra credit points from the clickers you'll get at least a B.
Okay, So I am not going to lie, this class is very interesting. But HARD. I had A's in every subject but this. His notes are ridiculous and Its like you study your life away and get to the test and FAIL!! This class seriously stressed me out. Take another professor.
Anthony Baltakis? More like Anthony Balsackis!!! This guy is far too political as it can be very distracting in class. However, this class is not difficult.
Study guides for test are nothing like the test
i dont know
His exams are so much more conceptual based than what he would go over in his lectures. Reading the textbooks do help but I am still struggling.
He's a nice guy and he offers help and all but his tests are way more detailed than what he goes over in class. His lectures consist of him reading off the powerpoint. His test aren't consistent with what he goes over in class. Attendance isn't mandatory but theres a random pop quiz that counts as your curve but that pop quiz is tough as well.
He's an "OK" teacher. His lectures aren't that interesting either. But he is fair with his grading policy. His tests are very detailed but if you take it seriously and study a lot from the beginning you'll be ok.
If you argue with her your points WILL go down. Otherwise- great teacher.
I like Professor Ellis as an individual, but not as a professor. She was very unorganized in thought, and couldn't ever complete a sentence without going off on some random subject matter. I got "A's" in all of her classes...but you have to show up to get most of your grades. Be patient with her.
I've had him as a professor twice, and I just don't understand him. I can't read his handwriting and he has a heavy accent. I didn't learn anything in class and the lectures are useless for me. I also failed a lot of the written homework, but I have no idea what I did wrong and he didn't give any feedback.
Although He is a good professor... he sometimes is hard to understand. The class is tough....A LOT of hw is given and the tests are literally like 5 questions...but parts a,b,c,d and if you make a mistake on one part of the problem, then you pretty much miss the whole question. I wouldn't recommend taking this class.
Very helpful, but didn't seem to understand some questions. His accent can get in the way of class.
Real mean
She demanded respect but was not respectful to her students. She had once rolled her eyes toward a student. Very harsh and cynical. Other than that, the assignments were very easy. I took her for First year seminar in Fall 2018. I would recommend another professor for this class. FYS is too be an easy laid back class for freshmen to get acclimated.
Professor Dewester taught my freshman seminar. The class was nearly two hours long and she would talk to take up most of the time. It was bearable, but the class itself wasn't enjoyable. However, the assignments she gives are fairly easy and she's a great grader. Your grades will be back in no time.
She is so nit-picky. I've had higher level classes that I've never had a problem in. Especially with writing papers. Her forum due dates are confusing. Forums are just busy work and not interesting. If you aren't seriously passionate about theater, don't take this class. Way more work than it's worth.
Didn't like her attitude and the assignments were completely asinine. Avoid.
Class is very hard. Tests are a bit rediculous and treats students like they are 12. But in his defense statistics is one of the most useless and boring subjects you can take.
SET UP A GROUP CHAT DAY ONE!!!! It will save you some headaches because he doesn't know how to use BlackBoard. Your peers will be infinitely more helpful than he will. Told me to drop out when I tried explaining a family member had just been diagnosed with cancer and I needed help getting/affording the texts. Avoid if you can.
Took TSEM 102, War in Literature. Lots of lectures, said there would be more discussion after midterm but it never happened, it was still mainly lectures with maybe one or two days of some discussion. Exams aren't too difficult, but for the 15-20 page term-paper he will not hesitate to point out every little minor mistake and count it against you.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HAHN. He makes it extremely difficult, I struggled throughout this entire semester. If you don't write the way he wants, you fail. His lectures are boring and have no relevance to the papers he assigns. overall, this semester sucked and I should have dropped when I had the chance. beware.
He's not a bad guy but his class is awful. His syllabus is more about professionalism than the actual course work. He's a strange grader. His attendance policy is the strictest I've seen, so don't get sick. If you decide to take his class, you'll use both books every day and take an abundance of notes. God's speed, my friends.
Dr. Hahn's class is ridiculous. Your grade is based on two papers (completed to his specifications), attendance, and two exams. He expects a lot from his students, which is normal, but at the same time his ego makes it hard to be motivated. It's as if he's on TV and his students are invisible until it's time for grading.
To put it in the simplest terms, Hahn's class is the harder section of English 300. He's very intelligent, but has a tendency to condescend. He can sometimes fit into the category of a grumpy old man. My suggestion, find someone else. Even if you are a good student, find someone else. If you can't find someone else, then take it at another time.
Hahn is knowledgeable and talented, but not the greatest professor. The final had nothing to do with what discussed in class--so it was a waste of time. He could be condescending and VERY rude to students, making it awkward for everyone. This class just wasn't worth the stress, time, and effort required. Take someone else for 300.
I dropped the class. He just talks TO the class and engaging the class is very limited. He would start class before it was time, so i would always miss something. Never has any assignments written down, he just gives it to you orally and doesn't give you any guidelines, just expects you to know. But he DOES know what he's talking about. good luck.
In 1971 he accused me of having a paper similar to another student on The Great Gatsby; I was a shy girl that didn't even know this other person and as an English major, had written many papers on this topic. I just stood there and listened to him falsely accuse me. It haunts me to this day.
Prof. Hahn is the worst teacher I've had at Towson thus far. He believes he is better than everyone else and thinks very highly of himself which results in an incredibly painful grading system in which he is very picky. He requires you to come to class though all he does is read from the book of poems and lecture...VERY BORING
Hahn is an angry little man. He's an intellectual bully. I had to take his class, but if you can avoid it you should.
Brilliant man but also very challenging. You will have a midterm (or midterm paper), a 10 page paper due at the end of the semester and a final. You'll learn a lot in this class and hear some interesting stories, but I don't recommend it if you're looking for something easy.
Funny and knowledgeable but also very challenging. He's utterly obsessed with himself. You will have to write a 20 page paper and sit through a lot of boring lectures. The exam was one of the most difficult tests I have taken in my college career.
Sitting through this class I honestly wanted to jump out of the window. I hated the material and the assignments. You will have to write a 20 page paper, which sucks. I did not like this class at all; thank god I will not have to repeat it!
Too on edge.You can be nice and still get your point across.
Writes extremely hard tests. Not very friendly to you or your GPA.
While professor Ellis is clearly knowledgeable and passionate about his work, he is an extremely strict grader. Like others said, do not expect to get an A in this class. He will pick out each individual flaw, there is no leniency in grading.
Bob has a lot of good things to teach about acting but he has pet students. If he does not like you, you will know! Be prepared to challenge yourself in scenes. He can be very abrasive. But that's the nature of the business. If you can't handle Bob's "constructive" criticism, then you won't be able to handle a theater career! Write your analyses!
Bob has a lot of good things to teach about acting but he has pet students. If he does not like you, you will know! Be prepared to challenge yourself in scenes. He can be very abrasive. But that's the nature of the business. If you can't handle Bob's "constructive" criticism, then you won't be able to handle a theater career! Write your analyses!
Your grade depends on other people. The class was great untill the outside group work. If you get stuck with pot heads your grade suffers even if you do all the work.
She's really smart and knows her stuff but she is very dry. Make sure you bring your clicker or you can't take the pop quiz you have EVERY CLASS. She gives online work to do on Fridays but get ready to spend 2-4 hours on it and I didn't think all of them were super related to the course.
Had her many years ago. Sounds like not a lot has changed with her. She is sarcastic, snooty, & borderline disrespectful to students. Any question is a dumb question. Always expect to be there 5-10 late. In my humble opinion the worst professor in the psychology department. She lost my midterm assignment and tried to tell me I never turned it in.
This class is easy as long as you show up. You really dont have to do the reading for the quizzes, but study the notes for the test. Im not a fan of Delgado, shes extremely condescending and if you even remotely disagree with her you are wrong. She no patience and is really snappy towards students
I would avoid her at all cost. I always dreaded going to this class. She makes people feel dumb when they ask questions. She also gave me a 0 on a quiz since I missed class for a funeral that I told her about a day in advanced and I wasn't allowed to make it up. Take anyone else if you have the chance!!
Mrs Delgado has very interesting lectures and in-class activities, though she almost always goes right up to the end of class. She had a LOT of group presentations. Says things she later goes back on about assignments and won't budge. Does not like to be contradicted. Issued an out of class assignment the day before the panel we had to write about.
She gives a quiz over every chapter that she assigns you to read. Her test questions can be very confusing. She does take your best 50 out of 55 questions on the test and drops your lowest test grade.
I did not like her style of teaching. She was a little too strict. She never explained anything in detail either. and those clickers were very annoying.
I have to say I agree with almost everything said about her, aside from the extremes. She knows her stuff, but she acts like everyone else should know it as well, and she is very unapproachable. I never studied for any of her exams, and I was able to pull off a B with little to no effort And I was able to learn a lot from her too.
Before I was excited to study psychology, in fact it was going to be my minor, but after her class, and knowing I might have in future classes, NOT! Would not recommend, she is unapproachable and her smile reminds you of nails on a chalk board! Anyways, her teaching style, could not follow anything she was telling us.If you get a chance, just no!
She is not easy, her tests are really hard, and covers more then 3 chapters. you have to read the text book for tests. but she gives extra credit point. So you take your time, you can get good grade in this class
The most BORING CLASS EVER!!! She is so grouchy all the time....and has mood swings ALL THE TIME!! You never know when she is going to snap!! Take someone else if you can!!
I can't freakin stand this lady!! If you don't agree with her, then you're obviously wrong--which is why the overall grade in the class for her quizzes is about 60%. Don't take her. She yells and thinks her poo doesn't stank!
Assigned lost of projects tar were all due at the same time. Expected students to know about all of them!!! If you dont mind hard working she is a good teacher.
She was nice at first, but then the **** came out. She loads you with busy work crap. I Don't recommend her.
DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS. I DO belong in college. This class is easy. Thats the ridiculous thing. She knows it so she gives you TONS of busy work. I havent missed a class. I love psychology and got an A in it in H.S. I got 100% on the test weve taken. Shes an idiot really. She doesn't care about u
BOO
Not the worst professor I've had, but I definitely would not recommend him for this course. Lectures are very confusing and the important stuff is taught through videos online. Lots of extra credit available if you can make SI sessions.
To be honest he knows what he is talking about however, he is very intimidating. He says things how they are and will not sugar code it. If you are sensitive, or not a good writer and seem to struggle with writing papers I would not pick him. If you do what you are told and communicate with him he will like you more.
Rodgers was not a good professor . He was constantly off subject during class, then rushed new information in the last minutes of class. Tests and homework were nothing like material learned in class. Rodgers was inconsistent with assigning labs & grading any assignments throughout the semester, making it hard to know your grade until after finals.
Rodgers overall was not a good professor. He constantly was off subject during class then rushed new material at the end of class. He was very inconsistent with assigning labs and grading throughout the course, making it hard to know your grade until the course is over (frustrating). Exams were hard, covering almost nothing we learned during class.
Dr. Rodgers is a great person, but his class is hard. Our tests ended up being nothing like we expected because they contained material we had never discussed. It seemed as though we were expected to magically know all this material. Tests are very long. He offers some bonus, but not nearly enough to make up for the points missed. Tough class.
Very difficult class. Mr. Rodgers is a nice guy, but doesn't know how to teach at all. We never use our books and it is hard to take good notes. There are only 4 tests total but they are definitely not easy. You should study for at least 6 hours before a test. Also, you can never miss class or you will miss important information!
Rodgers is a great guy. He is also extremely intelligent. THe bad thing is he has so much knowledge that he tried cramming it all into a 50 minute session. He also tried using to many examples and they made you even more confused. He made the labs harder than they seemed and no matter how hard you try it is almost impossible to get a 100% on labs.
This course was designed for students with no previous chem experience but rodgers did not teach it that way. He moved way too fast and took forever to grade things. He got off topic ALL the time which was confusing. He also gave off a creepy vibe if you asked him questions and moved closer and closer to you in the proccess of explaining things.
He does not teach....he rambles in class and puts some notes on the web and expects you to teach yourself. Then he tells you that since you are paying for this class you may as well stay the whole time regardless of the fact that you learn nothing! His tests suck. If you are good at chem and teaching yourself you will be fine otherwise stay away.
This class messed up my whole GPA and never want to think about Chemistry ever again. This class and Anatomy and Physiology are the reasons that I am no longer a Nursing student. I am now a Journalism student. I hated this class and Rodgers never stayed on topic and talked too much. I failed. :(
The coolest 50 year old with braces.
She is clueless as to what is going on. If you can get her to shut up to ask her a question you might get the answer. There is alot oh boring busy work. It's really easy though.
Easy A's but worst class i have ever taken.
Do not take him if you do not have to!
Class is easy... but EXTREMLY BORING. Very unorganized and uninteresting. I would never take him again.
Read every chapter in the book twice, go to class occasionally for review and you will be fine. Clearly the poorer ratings are from those who didn't make the major. He is tough, but these prelim classes are intended to be difficult. Lecture is a bit confusing, but the book makes it cake.
Yes he is boring and rude at times, but you don't have to be a nerd to get decent grades. Go to class and do the readings.
Have to agree with others. He's the worst prof at UD. Classes are boring, research studies are ok, tests are impossible unless youre a nerd and study is all you do. Just do the best you can and be happy to get a grade in B range.
class isn't too hard, but only if you study ON YOUR OWN. when people ask questions, he gives very unhelpful answers, and this guy may definitely be the most boring professor i have had, and will ever have at UD.
he's a butface, and i hated this class. very random and makes no sense. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
Boring.. makes things overly difficult... not very clear
Makes the easy statistics seem impossible. Extremely hard to follow and boring
is not a very good teacher
if you miss class you miss a lot of content. He doesn't provide his powepoints, you need to take notes of the class. His tests are really hard. It is really hard to get a good grade, you only have 3 midterms, 3 quizzes and 1 final. You can only say things that he said in the class on the exam, can't say something that you found on the internet.
Multiple choice quizzes over books that are only vaguely related to the class and aren't really tied in to the lectures. Tests are all short answer and essay: Be prepared to lose points for not taking answers in the direction he wants.
So much reading. Rely on the syllabus because not every assignment is mentioned in class. Learned that the hard way
Proffesor is very left wing biased so you have to come into this class with slight skeptism. That being said Dr. Willett is super sweet and delivers her lectures in an entertaining manner.
Teacher was very annoying. And the TA graded our papers which was ridiculous considering everyone always complained how crazy tough a grader she was. Definitely would NOT take again. Seemed like her lectures were pretty much based on sex, drugs, and her cursing.
She tends to give a large amount of notes (4-8pg. daily)
This professor's assignments are ridiculously hard for a gen ed history class. He requires you to read long material and asks very specific questions on details of these readings for his quizzes. The amount of work you have to put in this class just to get a C or B is over the top. Do not take it unless you love history or are a history major.
If you are not an auditory learner please do not take this class. Professor only talks, and provides no written help. He is a fast talker so you must be an excellent note taker or you will fail. Preparing for the final is super hard as you must rely solely on your notes, so they better be good. Class is essay based. But professor is very enthusiast
His lectures are him talking while there are pictures on the board and it can be hard to follow. While he is very knowledgeable about the topics, he expects you to be too although he does not always give clear details. Grade is based on a few papers and that's it, and he is a tough grader so it is hard to earn a good grade.
He is relatively interesting, but can get really boring as he repeats himself a lot. He requires a lot of reading, and is a pretty tough grader. If you don't like writing or aren't good at him, by all means don't take him. That is all you get graded off of.
VERY BORING CLASS. Then again I hate history. He only grades on midterm and final, and they are looong essays. no multiple choice, or matching.
'
This professor is so hard! Do not expect to be graded well or fairly. I had to buy one cheap book for this class but she made us print about 350+ pages for articles. Hardest class I've had so far, and not worth my time.
Incredibly boring. Your grade will probably suck no matter what
I enrolled in this course thinking this was an introductory math class. The book is Intermediate Algebra. Professor Brusard managed to scare me off in two days. He assumed that I understood the material and taught 111 on a 114 level. If your taking Brusard for MAT111 get out of there, quickly!
BORING!!! bring a magazine to read in class, but easy A
He's a very nice guy but is a very hard grader. Make sure you really read and take good notes in this class cause most of the testing materials are on the upcoming tests you take.
I only took global studies for a gen ed requirement and I regret it. Literally all we talked about was climate change. Hickey is a good guy but a very tough grader and was never satisfied with my level of work. However, if you go see him in office hours, he will boost your grade. I think that was the only reason why I passed his class.
exams are ridiculously tough. the class average does not do justice. opinionated and arrogant. don't take any classes from this man.
EGO.
NIce lady but extremely boring!!!
Tough grader... tells you what she expects and then grades completely differently!
very disorganized. tests are not fair.
Easy class, can't explain things clearly, she's a talkative one. comes up with a lot of stories on why she couldn't hand things back o time. four essays with small other writings. doesn't teach you how to write, though, or really help at all. could easily snooze in her class
This class is the most unproductive one I have ever taken. I have learned nothing, but it's easy to pull a solid grade.
I am writing this while in his US History class. He doesn't believe in tests/quizzes. There is a "group project" but its a big joke, you just research a war and tell the class about it, very informal. Homework for every class just taking notes. If you do an ok job at HW he will call on you. Once he learns ur name he'll call on u EVERY DAY.
There is one blackboard post a night and there are no exams. Only one group project and a final project. This class is a joke. You don't need to show up and if you do just sit on your laptop. No note taking needed.
no tests, don't even have to pay attention in class. blackboard assignment due every night before class. So easy. class is just lecture, but everyone just goes on their computer and he doesn't care. two papers, have no idea what i got on them still because he is the slowest grader. final is a paper and only one other project on a movie. so easy.
ben franklin. sex. pretty much sums up the class. Everything is online and he just calls on people to read their responses...the same exact people every day. So if your not one of the "lucky few" he calls on, you could easily fall asleep in class. The class is so incredibly boring, but he is a harmless, nice man who actually knows a lot.
He definitely thinks he's "all that." Don't bother asking questions, he'll just talk at you until you're begging for mercy. Rather cold personality for a professor.
boring. tests are unfair, no hope to get a good grade. curves unfairly.
No study guides, no announcements in class about homework (you are expected to read the syllabus), doesn't return the quizzes/tests, penalizes you if you are late on homework. My overall impression is that he expects from you much more than you can expect from him.
I thought this class was much harder than it should have been. If you LOVE music then this class may be much easier for you. But it is A LOT of memorization. Class is fun, but exam days really stink! About 2-4 pages of notes per class and you have to know EVERYTHING in his notes. I mean every single detail or else you could really get screwed on th
I took from Rock to Bach-he is starting to teach it a little bit harder. The class is so fun to go to, but his tests are really hard! So good luck if you decide to take this. Easy to pass but extremely difficult to make an A. STUDY REALLY HARD FOR HIS EXAMS!!! I would try to find an easier class.
the class is interesting but not as easy as you would think. 4 pages of notes each class and detailed tests, but semi interesting
I didn't like from Rock to Bach. I thought it was a hard class and really boring. This was the first semester he taught the class harder and used a different book. I studied and still didn't do well on the test. Make sure you know your notes super well for tests. Do the 20 points extra credit for sure!
This class might be easy if you're in a sorority with the old tests...but he changed them this year. I don't find his tests very easy. I have no musical background and don't listen to the type of music that he plays, so i have a hard time.
Easiest class ever. Get his old tests, he doesnt change them.
Boring guy.
Literature made boring. Long, long, long classes: it is like high school in hell. It feels like he doesnt know the students are even there.
Take this course if you want to be REALLY bored, if you want to over analyze every minute detail, and if you'd like all of your ideas and suggestions shot down. Decent fellow, but not a very effective teacher and picky, pompous grader.
Overanalyzed everything... he's a really nice guy... but not a particularly good teacher... if you don't mind being bored out of your mind... go for it.
Not a fun class, he likes to hear himself talk. Have never had below an A in any English class (I'm a junior) and I got a C from him.
doesn't bother to learn students' first names. frequently puts down geneseo as a college. extremely hard grader and not overly helpful.
This class is interesting. However, he is very hard to understand-he has quite an accent. He is an extremely hard grader!!! I would not recommend this class if you are looking for a good grade (anything above a b/b-)- although it is interesting.
Friendly and enthusiastic but can be difficult to understand. Puts too much emphasis on students involvement and not enough on lecturing. Lectures seem repetitive without a whole lot of varied information being spoken about. Readings are not well chosen - instead of choosing clear concise readings, he chooses cryptic, convoluted authors sometimes.
Everyone is saying easy grader and that you don't have to do the reading. I however found his class impossible to understand and by the time the 1st test came I knew nothing. I had to just withdraw. I also think comparing the Japanese Occupation of China to the American Occupation in Iraq is a bit much. Real nice guy though.
Incredibly boring lectures but if you don't go you won't know what to expect on tests. Doesn't show up most of the time (has the TA's show movies and proctor tests). Reading material isn't ridiculous. Gives you an automatic 95 on the final essay if you follow his prompts. Easy A.
the actual class content is really interesting, but he is so boring. he teaches from the top of his head, no powerpoints or anything, his TA's basically do everything for him. his tests aren't hard though if you go to class and read the book, so my advice is to make friends in the class, so that you can always skip and not miss anything.
Lectures are just him talking, no powerpoints. Has you read a bunch of books for the cultural elements but then tests you on plot. Judkins is not a very involved prof. TA's run review and answer questions. I would try to take the class with other a different prof
Take this class, but don't go to it. Borrow a friend's notes who passed and study the heck out of them and you'll do fine. Go take a nap instead of going to this class. It's especially terrible when it's warmer than 60 degrees outside.
His voice is so monotone you could fall asleep in every class
this class can be easy but you MUST go to class and pay attention. it's based off 4 tests and one paper at the end of the semester. the tests aren't hard (as long as you go to class). he will repeat and spell out terms you need to know for the test. the only thing that sucked was the books we had to read for the tests, not long, just boring.
Lazy professor. There are no powerpoints, just lectures, and his lectures aren't even planned. He even admitted in class that he was going off the top of his head. This causes note taking to be frustrating since his lectures barely have a coherent structure. His tests are straightforward though if you ask for help from the TA's on what to study.
Only read three books, took four exams, wrote one 5-page paper before the final. Very easy if you go to class, but impossible if you don't. Condescending to anyone not an anthro major and told us before the first exam "don't cheat, because ifyour neighbor was a genius they wouldn't be in this class." Extremely boring in class, mumbled a lot
Do not recommend...there is no text book so studying is hard. He relies on his TAs, he wants you to go to them with questions before going to him. Watch a few interesting movies and the books aren't too bad, but there are very specific questions about them on the tests. On the other hand, takes care of two gen eds and only one essay all semester
If you want to do well in this class, you absolutely NEED to attend. No textbook, so the only study materials are notes. Avoid if you can.
Dr. Judkins teaching style is not the best but I did learn a lot. I guess that's just how the class is supposed to be taught. There's no textbook which makes it a little difficult to find out whats important. You just have to listen to him and figure it out so attendance is an absolute must. If that's not your thing, take someone else.
sucks but hot. eats pygmies for breakfast nom nom.
Definitely take him for intro classes. Ignore everyone else that says to run away or that hes extremely tough-- they were lazy. He is boring, but cultural anthro takes care of 2 core credits, and if you take specific notes, read the books (which are actually interesting), and study all your notes, you will get an A. Bring a laptop& type everything!
Horrible Teacher, Goes off on random tangents and spends the entire class boring us to death. The Tests are impossible so plan on studying ALOT. Almost everything is done by the TAs , he doesnt care much about students.Horrible Decision taking this class, i regret it every day i attend. there are much better anthropology teachers,take those classes
Ive taken 3 courses with Professor Judkins He plays favorites more than any other professor Ive seen. I started out as a favorite for the first 2 courses and got As for the 3rd he decided i didnt go to class enough because of this he gave me an A on all papers but a B+ in the course. Ive seen people do terrible work but if he likes them they get As
I didn't like his class at all. He taught in circles thinking of things then going back to them later. On the test he asked obscure questions from the books that no one knew and hten because most of the people were failing decided to give out enough extra credit to make every one get at least a B. Dont take Anth 100 with judkins
She expects you to know the bulk of the material before she even teaches it to you. She required a minimum competency exam that you must learn the information yourself and receive a 90 or above to get anything above a D in the class. You have to teach a lot of the information to yourself if you aren't good at learning lecture style.
I had to retake this class with a different professor, and I am very glad I did. I was very frustrated in her class and had to go to her office hours many times. It did not really help. She does not answer questions well in class either. She avoids answering the actual question. Avoid classes with her unless absolutely necessary!
McKenna is very tricky. I did very well on her first test, but after I let that get to my head, I failed the second. She is a tough grader and if you want to do well in her class you definitely need to put in a lot of work outside of her class.
She's a nice women, but her teaching style is average. I got 90s on all of the test by watching YouTube more than the textbook. The textbook is necessary but not overall helpful. It's very vague. She sometimes doesn't fully answer questions. The final is hard, but she does give extra credit. Don't expect to pass if you don't put in work.
Because of her I had to retake calc but I couldnt stand her I decided to do actual calc instead of applied and it was alot easier... DO NOT take her, she is the most unorganized and awful professor. Better off taking regular calc instead of applied I promise you.
This class was considerably easier for me than it was for the rest of my peers, as I have a greater inclination towards math than they did. I did a lot of work on my own and spent hours studying to get that A. Even though she makes mistakes sometimes, she is extremely affable and very helpful. If you put the work in, you'll do well in her class.
Makes things more difficult than they need to be. A lot of learning straight definitions from the textbook. Contradicts herself a lot in class which makes it hard to learn.
Class is a repeat of precalc class/calc class from high school. She knows her stuff but has a hard time conveying it. Definitely take if you don't mind learning 2-3 concepts on your own. Easy A-/B+
Beware...she will cancel class multiple times throughout the semester. Makes too many mistakes during lecture.
Easily one of the worst professors at Geneseo. Just plain horrible! Do whatever you can to take this course with another prof. She is very hard to follow in class and always makes mistakes when doing problems on the board. Additionally, she frequently cancels class and will do it 2 and 3 classes in a row. She def plays favorites and makes it obviou
Oh, my god. Wanted to put a bullet in my head every day of this class. She puts stuff on the test that she's never mentioned in class. The only good thing about her is that she loves math, and will help you if you need it.
her obsession with cheating takes over the entire class.
Terrible professor. Doesn't actually "teach" anything. He makes you feel stupid if you ask for help. Tests are super hard. Most boring person alive. I will not take a class with Esham ever again. I would highly recommend avoidng him if possible.
He is outrageously unapproachable and he always talks down to people. I almost cried one day after office hours. Homeworks take forever and he's a harsh grader, but all the tests ended up being take home which wasn't too bad. I don't think he likes his job very much
I was looking forward to this class coming in but by the end was thrilled that it was over. 1-2 hws per week that take awhile to do and you have to basically figure out how to do them from the book. I've established that I can't sit through Esham's classes anymore as they are extremely dry.2 Take home tests that were alright. You magically get a B
I absolutely hate this guy. Mad picky on hw and grades the tests like no one else. Got a 91 on one of the test, if other professors graded it, it would have been at least like 96. Unnecessarily picky, extremely boring, and not good teacher at all. I would avoid this guy. Take friedland. He will make your life easy.
A little boring, groups projects were a little confusing at times, and he isn't the greatest explainer ... hw was not too bad, and the tests were based on homework questions, so if you make any effort you should be able to manage a B
He is a very dull man, i didnt get much help when i asked him questions. If you didnt show up, you can just read the book, because when he does notes, its very robotic and structured and he doesnt really pay much attention to the class.
likes mickey mouse
Prof. Edgar is sweet, and very knowledgeable, but is unable to pass that information on to her students. She litterally reads from the text and gives no extra insight that you cant find on Wikipedia. We have tried to get her to interact with the class but she waves it off. People have slept in class and she says nothing.
She's very nice, but starting to lose it a little. The material shouldn't be difficult, but she doesn't explain it well. Her textbook also hasn't been updated since the Cold War, evident in problems about "The Commies". Tests count for a lot, but she drops the lowest homework grade. The TAs are more helpful than her for learning material.
This was the hardest class I've ever taken, I took it for my math credit. Thankfully Professor Edgar really does want you to pass so if you go out of your way to reach out for help, she'll put you in contact with a tutor (who you'll have to pay). You have to go to TA hours to pass the homework, but you don't have to attend class. I barely passed.
Mrs. Edgar can be confusing in her lectures. However, she tells you exactly what is going to be on the exams and the TA's give you the answers to all the homework problems. If you work on a lot of practice problems before the tests, then you will do well in her class.
Mrs. Edgar is a sweet woman, she stays up all night just to have our homework and tests graded for the next class. This class would be a lot easier if it was not a lecture, the material is hard and confusing and in a smaller setting, students could actually ask questions. Learning logic was like learning chinese but she gives lots of resources
Really nice lady, but the class was extremely difficult unless you thoroughly read all the books. Her tests were ridiculously hard, lots of obscure quotes that you had to identify and a ton of difficult short answer questions. She grades the 2 papers really easily so that helped bring grades up, but overall it's a really tough HUMN I class.
such a sweet teacher1 it takes a while to understand logic but once you do the course isnt bad just go to calss study do hw n youll do very well sit up front bc she talks low overall love her
One of the worst classes I ever took at Geneseo. She is dull, the tests are very hard and very long ( at least two hours) and she grades papers harshly. All of her paper topics require a significant amount of outside reading and research. Her lectures consist of her standing up and speaking in a monotone for two hours, no discussion.
Extremely nice person and an easy paper grader, but her tests cover tons of information and are very hard. I would recommend her for Humanities, but mostly if you know people that have taken her class before, as her tests seem to be similar from past years(she passed around an example test for test 1).I'm assuming thats how ppl got As on the tests.
obviously knows her stuff, but she sorta just goes on through it...really hard to keep up with, especially if you skip a class. pay attention and practice and you'll be fine...not to mention she is one hot piece of ass
BE WARNED: LOGIC IS HARD! She's a great lady and a very funny professor, but she often moves too fast for everyone. It's obvious she knows what she's talking about, but keeping up with her is another story. GO TO TA OFFICE HOURS! They practically give you all the homework answers, and they're really helpful in explaining material before a big test.
Offered TA sessions, but never helped herself. Moved very quickly in class and that made it hard to grasp the concepts because they were just thrown at us quickly in a short class.
Liked her for Logic, probably because I liked that topic. Disliked her for Hum I. I couldn't grasp it from a Philosophy teacher's prospective. If I could take it again with someone else, I would.
This class can be extremely confusing at first. I basically had to teach myself everything, and if I couldnt figure it out myself I went to office hours and got help. Prof Johnston can be really confusing in class, but eventually he makes things clear. Attendance boosts your grade, he gives sample exams, and usually allows retests.
I've had musical experience for 15 years including theory experience and half of this stuff he teaches is useless or made up because I've never heard of it. Smart, yes. Horrible at explaining stuff and he likes to single out students. If at all possible avoid taking him.
If you don't have any music background or are not a music major, don't take this class. You have to read music and play the piano. He likes to randomly call you up in front of the class to play the piano as well. I'd steer clear unless you have a passion for music.
Very strange man, towards the beginning of class is a very hard grader gets slightly easier as the semester goes on. Very unclear with writing assignments.
Teaching style could use improvement. Music theory aspects of class (meaning everything except the piano fingering part) was confusing as hell, though apparently all music theory is anyway. He didn't really help clear it up any, though.
Take it with Militello. Although Haynie is better than Lovett (he has powerpoints which can actually be useful), he still sometimes spends more time talking about the scientists involved and what they were eating for lunch that day instead of the material you will be tested on.
An extremely lazy professor. He hasn't updated his slides in years, and they still have mistakes on them from when he first made them. He does not prepare for class and arrives literally 10 minutes before it starts. Half the slides he can't even explain because he hasn't looked at them since last semester. His tests are brutal and ambiguous too.
He needs to seriously change the way he does things, like stop breezing through the powerpoint notes.
He was always getting into his own discussions with himself and never really clarifying anything. The only things that were clear were the documents he posted on vspace. Tough grader on papers.
Do not take a three hour class from him. I don't think very easy is a good thing. This guy is too easy.
What a boring teacher! YUCK!!!!
Very nice person but the assignments are kind of unclear and she expects a lot from you so be prepared to work!
She's sooo nice! She reminds me of my grandma. She's super lenient with due dates and the only complaint that I could think of is that her assignments tend to be kinda boring. I'd definitely recommend her.
I would never take her again. She was not clear on her assignments and even after u met with her and made her corrections/suggestions u would still be getting a B+. When we got our papers back she said that "I think a C is a good grade." she is nice and all and it was enjoyable class, but the grading and assignments were awful. Thanks hott janice:(
She is a very hard grader, and you NEVER know where you stand in the class in terms of grades. She is super nice, and helpful to an extent. She will not look over your papers before you turn them in, and sometimes it is difficult to get help from her. She is a very cool person, but watch out for her and gender. She knows a lot about gender!!!
takes forever to get papaers back. if you are an athlete take her.
Class is 100% dependent on lecture notes. You have to record almost every single word he says or you wont have all of the info for the tests. The exams go over very particular ideas that he talks about once. I created a Quizlet for this exact class if you search up the class name that roughly cover the subjects. Would not recommend, A student.
Before taking his class I liked Astronomy, but after taking his class i realized it is not my strongest area. He was VERY passionate about his work, the only down fall was he expected you to know as much as him. Which is absurd because he has been here since 1987. (Heck I was ONLY 6 years old.) Anyways, expect to take lots of notes and STUDY.
Not interesting to listen to. LONG notes that aren't always relevant to the tests. DOESN'T use the book so dont try to follow along. Tests are hard even as multiple choice. You really have to work to get a good grade and still he doesnt give many A's.
The guy shows up late to class every morning and leaves the labs an hour early. I dont reccomend him for this class. I think he should retire and be a little more happy in life, because he doesnt seem happy in class. The tests are not easy. I hope he finds out what will actually make him happy.
I TOOK NOTES ON EVERYTHING HE SAID, STUDIED HARD, AND STILL DID NOT DO GOOD IN THE CLASS. HE NEVER SMILES AND IS A BIG GRUMP. DON'T RECCOMMEND HIM
I thought he was very difficult. I took notes on pretty much every word that came out of his mouth and studied my butt off and still failed all but one of his tests, and i tried every night to stay awake.
He is the worst teacher I ever had. He doesnt make you understand and he makes you feel dumb if you ask a question. He moves way too fast and doesnt explain himself. It is almost IMPOSSIBLE to pass this class if you arent a genius. He is for advanced students only. He is not helpful at all and he sucks as a person. The meanest guy ever.
Joe Smith maybe one of the worst professors ever. If your teaching a math class shouldn't you teach and ask your class if they have questions instead of rushing. He doesn't teach you he shows you and it doesn't help. To help you when you are stuck he will tell you to take a lower class or a get a tutor. Their paying you to teach, so teach.
He is impossible to get along with. His tests are hard along with the quizes and homework he assigns every day. I would recomend not taking him.
HIS TESTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE, but the quiz grades should help u bring up your grade.
I have a learning disibility but I maintain above a 3.5 gpa. The 1st day in his class he gave timed test which I knew I couldn't do. I informed him and he literally let me know that was too bad. This is the 1st and only time an instructor hasn't been more sensative towards my disiblity. RETIRE
Ill admit that going into this class i didnt like math, but now i HATE it! He goes too fast, and acts if he thinks you should already know the stuff.
Slobodnik is difficult, impatient, and opinionated. Things he has gotten mad at me or others for include: Handing him a paper that fell on the floor Going to the bathroom Being on a phone Being 2 minutes late on the first day of classes Not getting an attendance sheet that was passed around. Holds class late but is mad if you are late DO NOT TAKE!
Things you will get chastised about by Slobodnik: - going to the bathroom - standing up to hand him a paper - coming to class 2 minutes late quietly - not having perfect formatting on rough drafts in class - standing up to throw out trash - unscrewing water bottle with any noise He also just loves to go on tangents that take away from class time.
I took MACS104 class looking for a stress-free gen ed. He would call late people in front of the whole class. One movie to watch per week + two/ three others to write essays on. Essays were also long. He let us revise papers if turned in early which was helpful. His edits on the paper were about grammar errors and not about the actual content.
Do your best. Must attend class and submit your weekly assignment in deadline. He is kind of old-fashioned type. Not checking email and using online system. His own guideline is very important, so if you follow his guideline correctly, guarantee A grade. Think he gives curved grade.
This class is easy if you're neurotic, but hard if you don't pay attention to fine detail. That being said, I made a few typing errors and was not penalized. This course was self-paced and it was hard to keep on schedule with no due dates. Some mistakes on compass that do not benefit the student. He usually does not fully answer questions via email
This class is a 100 level course but he acts like it's a 300 level. I'm taking it right now & I'm just extremely disappointed in it. I was excited to take this course & now I'm constantly stressed about doing the insane amounts of homework done instead of actually learning the material. You have to watch at least 6 hours of film a week. Don't take.
He gives obnoxious amounts of homework. Its a 100-level class and it's requiring much more work than any 300 or 400 classes. He's a difficult grader and takes a rude tone in comments.
In order to get an A in this class, do not let this teacher be short in his emails/ comments. Whether an online course or not, find a way to have him look over your drafts! Ask SPECIFIC questions, never assume. Spend at least 10+ hours on assignments in order to perform well and use terms from the textbook. Note that the final is worth 900+ pts.
Terrible! Has killed all film interest I ever had. Grade suffered because of miscommunication on Compass; he couldn't care less. Incredibly tough on assignments, short through emails requesting assistance, same in his office hours. He assumes his assignments are intuitive and forgets that this is a 100-level course.
Most comments people left here are actually true. I regret not coming here before signing up in his class. He tries everything possible to make the class hard by distributing low Bs and Cs. He found a way to make BTW250 which is by far the easiest course on campus very hard by trying to screw you in every way possible..
online class is WAY more writing then it is worth... grades the essays pretty toughly... can be kind of a jerk... do not recommend
Overall, it was an easy class. For an adv. comp. credit, it was less writing than I expected. A lot of the writing was group writing which was kind of annoying. He was a nice guy but I didn't learn a whole lot about writing. He also tended to take up a lot of class time telling irrelevant stories.
There are a lot of essays in this class so if you don't like writing DO NOT TAKE THIS! It is manageable though and if you go in to his office hours he is really helpful... overall I would say take it cause it's not bad at all.
very unfair and biased when grading papers. gives bad grades if does not agree with your opinion. tip: be republican and gay and you will get a good grade!
He is not internet savvy and blames Canvas "problems" for his lack of internet literacy Do not sit in the front row this man will start pounding his hands on the table if your class is not answering question His viewpoints are interesting to listen to but for a gen ed class, he takes it way too seriously and also harrases students for wrong answers
Interesting man with a bunch of great stories, however none of them have anything to do with class and take up time which then makes him speed through his lecture and go past the class end time almost every class. You MUST read or you will not pass and he grades like a hippie and your emotion is never enough for his projects and papers.
Professor Cruz cares about his students and their grades. It's essential to listen carefully and take notes, as it will be on the exam. Assignments and projects aren't challenging.
Anytime you are assigned a paper good luck. He is not clear at all on what to do for your paper is too vague about everything. He also only uses emails and the only way to know how you are doing in the class is by asking him directly. I have had him as a professor twice and this class is the worst of y experiences.
HARD exams...read the textbooks and know your country location and capitals. Easy quizzes, he helps you out.
He is a terrible professor. Expects everyone that is in the class to be majoring in it when it is a gen ed for most. He talks down to everyone and harasses people with what he says. Do not take him if possible, such a terrible semester with him. He is twisted and grades so poorly..
Pretty Hard class. I was very interested in it at first, but as the first weeks progressed, I started not really enjoying the class. Kind of boring. A lot of information to retain. Tests are pretty hard. He can be funny, but he can also be pretty insulting.
He's rude and unprofessional. He thinks insults count as motivation and that students are stupid because they are too shy or afraid to answer him. He constantly bashes the UW system as a corrupt institution bent on giving students useless diplomas due to grade inflation, easy coursework, etc., and he hates Americans. I was not impressed.
Marcelo was very rude to all. He finds his favorites to pick on, and I was one of them. Even after participating in class daily and going to meet with him, I got a D. Exams are hard & confusing. I did the whole study guide he gave and failed the final. Urban Studies 100 is very hard.
He's funny, but very rude toward students. Don't sit in the front row or he'll pick on you all through class. He doesn't seem to like Americans much.. You have to read the book and pay attention is class or you will do poorly.
Great Professor,adds humor to his lectures, making them interesting. His quizes are easy, but you have to read the book to do well on his exams
Marcelo is a great guy, really funny, but his tests are very difficult. The questions don't come from the lectures, they come from obscure facts in the book that you might not even pick up if you read it! Don't take this class if you expect it to be easy, but it is quite comical.
Marcelo is the funniest guy ever. When you see him stroll into class, you know you are in for a treat. He means business. I love the way he talks, however, his tests are damn near impossible. I just guessed on most of the questions and managed to get a B. Take his class for the comedy.
He tries to intimidate his students, his lectures feel more like a verbal scolding, and he is too serious too often. Marcelo, lighten up!!! For any students who have to take his courses, BEWARE!From someone who has taken many of his classes.
Sometimes difficult class...do your reading.
Loved the Dr. G but his class had alot of quizzes and exams. Luckily they were online. Theres also in class assignments every so often. There was ALOT of material to cover and he expected you to know all of it. Not the easiest class, but it could have been worse.
uses some methods for deriving formulas that are not discussed in the book. It could be a good thing if you know what you're doing and see what's going on, but other than that, the added formulas are confusing. Test are reflective of the examples inclas
Very Funny Though!!!!
The worst english teacher ever!!!!Beware
Gives a lot more work then any other teacher.
NOT VERY INTERESTED IN HELPING YOU OUT IF YOU RUN INTO A ROADBLOCK OR AREN'T A GREAT WRITER. PLAYS FAVS. IF YOU'RE A NATURALLY GOOD WRITER HE'LL LOVE YOU.
if you like stories that are unrelated to this topic he is great, his test are your exact notes, did i mention that you will have about 20 pages of notes for a test. Hope you are good at memorization.
VERY opinionated. STUDY his notes exactly as they are and it's possible to pass.
not much to say about this man... i got an A in the class, but i dont think i learned anything
Not sure why I never skipped the class - lectures don't help. Just study off of WebCT. Nice guy, but a bit of a...well, he's interesting. You can be the judge of that. If you can stay awake.
Nice guy and knows his stuff, but not so great at teaching at a 100 level. Class wasn't helpful.. neither was the book.. stick with WebCT notes
He just reads his notes that you can get off WebTC. He doesn't explain and you can't even take notes off what he says!
he's a cowboy! and he's so cute, but extremely hard to follow in lectures and lab doesn't count for enough in this class, but he drops the lowest test grade and exams are right out of the book. don't really have to go to class, just read
BORING!!..Learned nothing...Just read the book and get the notes off WEBCT..
Just read the text and your money. Good guy. Uses too many overheads. Rambles.
nice teacher, hard exams
awesome guy..dont go to class just read the textbook...easy a
thinks over half the class failing is good, rude, condescending, do not take.
thinks highly of herself, vague notes given to study, but detailed, specific questions given on tests. do not recommend let this teacher be last option
if you're not a psych major, the class tends to be quite tedious. I found myself constantly looking at the clock, counting the seconds until it was over. the prof wasn't bad to look at though. overall...hard tests, boring class discussion, would not take her class again. sorry allison.
don't let her super grandma adorableness deceive u. her class was too difficult for the course that it is. barely goes over stuff in class and the worst part is that she only holds lecture on monday and wednesday and not friday which eliminates an entire 50 mins full of valuable time and potential for practice problems, questions, etc. it sucked
Avoid!!!!!
She is neither clear nor helpful, belittles students for asking questions, and has convoluted grading criteria for exams, even the TA's agree. There is a quiz every lecture (basically for attendance) and homework before each lecture and in the beginning of the week in the morning, along with lab/classworks in discussion. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS
Her tests are very fair. They are extremely similar to her practice exams, so if you practice those, you're good. Horrible lecturer. She is very unclear, moves way too fast and doesn't explain her work. She is there to help you during office hours if you need and is approachable. You will have to put in extra work because of her poor lectures.
Frances is a very smart person, who knows math inside and out, but her ability to teach math is horrible. Do not take this professor at any costs.
She's a very nice lady, however, you have to learn the majority of the material on your own. Webassign is a nightmare, but if you can do it all you should pass the class.
Frances Gulick is a mixed bag. Her office hours are really, really helpful IF you can get the questions. If you can't think of questions, you can always go and listen to other people's questions and check your understanding. She will make you work to do well on your exams and if you don't read ahead, you will fall behind really fast in lecture.
She makes it hard and the TAs were of good help but relied mostly on other classmates for understanding
The worst teacher I've had at the university. Math has never been the least bit difficult and I ended up dropping the class so that I could take it again with a different professor. She's condescending and doesn't understand how you don't understand. Lab portion of the class could be helpful if it was actually what was tested on the tests.
Teacher grades soooo hard. I always learn so much in this class and come prepared for exams, but she takes off sooooo many points for little things when grading. Seems to be all or nothing on 10 and 15 point problems. Oh, used a negative sign instead of a positive??? F.
She complicates the class by using analogies that don't actually make sense, and grades unfairly at times. If you have to take a course with her, make sure not to have a class within 15 minutes afterward- she is convinced that her watch is set correctly and yells at students for leaving, although she runs over by 5 minutes every day.
Terrible teacher. She knows the material but what good does that do when she cannot teach it!
I took calc AB in hs, got a 5, straight A's, understood math well. I don't understand this class, the tests are ridiculously hard, and now I have to drop. she teaches a concept, sort of, and then on the test will give a problem that requires ridiculous steps just to get the function in a usable form... grades quite harshly too.
this class blows. she seems nice and stuff, but will lure you into a false sense of security with easy worksheets,webassign and homework, and then sucker-punches you with impossible-to-finish exams on the random**** never covered in class or discussion.
Wow her class sucked...that is all I have to say.
She talks about 50 minutes about absolutely nothing - you end up wasting so much time listen to her babble about nothing its best just to read the book. And her exams are the most ridiculously difficult PreCal exams that can possibly be given.
He's a very smart guy who flaunts his quick wit in class. Usually teaches either upper level macro or grad level courses, which makes it painful for him to try to explain more basic concepts to sophomores and juniors with less math background than he'd like. Seriously avoid him for 303, but I think he'd be fun to take for upper level econ.
This class was terrible. Stockman knows his stuff, unfortunately he can't convey it to others properly. If you have to curve your exams by 30% you're doing something wrong and that's what happens in his class. I love economics and have A's in all of my other classes but struggled to pass his class. Stockman is a nice person but a terrible teacher.
He is a tough teacher but you learn lots in end.Much better than Beck.He challenges you to work hard and not take shortcuts like you can with Beck.He is not friendly guy but you looking for a friend or someone that makes you learn? You rather have someone be sweet and get "easy a" or work hard and honestly and be proud that you EARNED your grade?
wierd and scary, passion for macro is sickening, mad hard final yo
he's out to get you! hard class! not a big help!
unclear/exams too long/must think its a grad course
At times insolent and has a bloated ego. Knowledgeable but unclear.
He is completely theoretical, no real world experience, and it shows in class
Does not provide students the tools to succeed. Does not give homework and the tests are impossible to study for. I have a 3.5 gpa and never had to drop a class until taking her. Save your money and avoid this teacher.
Her tests are ridiculously hard,she does not take attendance. Always in a grumpy mood. Don't take her if you don't have to.
Salmons is EASY, but a useless professor. I was able to make an A w/o going to class except for tests. The book is a much better teacher than her. I wouldn't take her 8am class, she will put you right to sleep with stories of her 100 cats. Fun fact, she is on facebook, but only invites "celebrities" to be her friends, she talks about it every day.
The class is not hard to take because she doesnt require you to do much but sit and watch her work all day. If your not extreamly self motivated in the course then its gonna be very tough because it requires a lot of out of class work if you want to be able to pass the test.
You WILL fall asleep in class, guaranteed. No work outside class, however being in class must make up for the work. Her tests are relatively easy however if you get a problem wrong you get the following five wrong. Not recommended.
This lady is horrible! Her tests are nothing like her examples and she rambles on about her personal life. She often makes class longer then an hour because she goes off on tangents and forgets about the problem. I would strongly recomend you take somebody else. I worked my ass off and only got a C. She does not help you at all.
She is the worst teacher I have ever had. She is very annoying and she doesn't explain her examples. I have an A in her class but its because I did everything myself. Shes just a little butterball that thinks shes cool. Her tests are impossible and grades unfairly. Take somebody else!!!!!!!!!!!
Has a dislike for pilot thinking, maybe you shouldnt teach pilot courses
Lectures were not helpful. Class periods were not useful. Assignments are credit/ no credit. You have to read the book. I don't like her at all.
She was hilarious! Lectures were basically a waste of time. Must read the book to pass the tests. She lets you out early every time.
She is extremly entertaining, however class is not at all as easy as these ratings appear. Tests are extremly difficult and if you don't read the book, you FAIL! Lectures are entertaining but worthless for tests. Good luck
Not a good professor at all. Tests were hard plus no half credit. He overcomplicated the material which it would be really confusing and hard to follow. Don't take.
Professor Park is a good STEM Professor but Business Calculus - not so much. No partial credit given on any problem and with only 10-12 problems on test, that made it very difficult. Im an a very high achieving student and he made this class way more difficult than it needed to be. DO NOT take unless you are a great math student on your own.
His handwriting is messy and small and he performs the math too quickly (he has more experience teaching STEM students). He graded partial credit on the first exam and without notice did not count it on the 2, 3, or final. This was detrimental to my grade. If partial credit was consistent, my grade wouldve been different by 2 letter grades.
She definitely taught Eng 116 at some point because I had her freshman year for it. In addition to the other negative things already said, she took suggestions I made to her privately about articles for class and claimed in class the next day to have come up with a list (which matched the one i gave her) herself. Late, slow, emotional,dishonest
Often late or didn't show up to class. I sent in a paper asking for help weeks early, got no feedback, and ended up getting a B on the paper. Took forever to grade despite claiming she'll get everything back within a week. Only returned one item (a quiz) within that time span. Did not help at all.
Never hands things back, assigns a lot of readings and sometimes hard pop quizzes. Don't know how she grades because it is week 10 and havent gotten anything back. Nice lady but wish the class was different.
If your a kinesthetic learner like me this class was very difficult because of how much reading is essential to your understanding. Odle gives great examples but her explanations were not always easy to remember. She is available to help, doesn't respond to emails quickly, and the quizzes you need the textbook. I wish I took this somewhere else.
He made this class way harder than it had to be. Take these ratings serious PLEASE!! You have 15 quizzes, 2 tests, and one final. His lectures are straight from the textbook- so pretty much useless. I just read the textbook to prepare. Do not take him. He did not drop any quiz grades and did not round up. SO many students dropped!!!
Yes its a hard class but you have to work for your grade. People are so used to getting handed everything, the readings arent even that bad. Plus people are forgetting to mention that he boosts everyones grade up by a full letter grade if the class average for the final is better than the past tests which it was for my class so he did.
Never take an online class with him. Almost impossible. You never know what random information will be on the quizzes/tests. I read all the chapters, took detailed notes, and studied for hours. Still failed most of the quizzes. I overparticipated in discussions and still got 80's on them. Papers were not difficult but he is a hard grader. AVOID!
Really nice guy..Doesn't allow a lot of time to complete lab assignments. If he gave us more time for our lab assisgnments, then the class is basically easy. Other then that, he seems like a cool guy.
not too helpful- a little gruff- but definateley knows his stuff- just stay on top of your work- your in college to learn- not just to hang out at a pie- remember?
I'm an English lit. major & she is my advisor. I asked her about changing to Eng.Ed. major because she teaches it. She told me that she did it only because she was asked to, not for her desire to do so. She was very unenthusiastic about talking about it.I guess she can put on a happy face when req'd
Her education degree is in counseling (not curriculum and instruction), has never taught beyond the SIXTH GRADE,thus has no experience teaching highschool, yet she teaches secondary ed. student teachers? College teaching is a diffent world (and she can't do this either).
i dont know why she got such good ratings, but this woman is horrible!
not bad, boring boring boring and lot of stuff she does in class doesn't help you or pertain to anything in the class. no textbook at all and only 3 speeches, so not too bad, just prepare for boring class.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. We are in a pandemic so online classes are difficult enough, and she just makes it even harder. Some of the lectures are interesting, but she talks the whole time with barely any notes, so you really gotta listen. She grades SO HARSH. We had multiple opinion questions and she took points off of those, even if you back it up.
I came out of an exam thinking I got a 100% on it. When we got it back, turns out i got an 80%. I definitely deserved a 100% but she is a really annoyingly hard grader. If you miss the word "the" she takes off 10 points. All tests are written, no multiple choice. Pay attention in class. Read chapter summaries!!!!!!
The professor never uploads her slides onto Sakai and doesn't even post your grades up online. Each quiz and exam is packed with too much material to memorize, and the lectures are long and boring.
Comes off as intimidating but isn't once you get to know her. Study study study!!! You will not do well if you slack off, and she will not let you slide. But as a person (and Chairperson) she is quite adept and helpful. She knows what she's talking about.
this teacher sucked. I just got around to writing this. took her in fall 04. very vague - tests nothing relating to what the heck she taught. Should go join Goodall working w/monkeys - not students.
Definitely on the boring side, the class is easy enough, but I don't recommend her, she's VERY unorganized.
Hard teacher at 300 level! Interesting but graded too harshly. Gave elusive paper topics then grades to her her taste and what she thought. Worked harder in class for lower grades all semester.
nice lady but expects u to memorize the material verbatim.. which is how i got my b-, u will get a D or an F on one of the tests unless she likes u, i did all the readings and went to all the classes and studied and flunked the second test along with half the class.. GO 2OFFICE HRS
Worst teacher ever had Unhelpful confusing and inconsistent grader. can get B
OK class, easy but boring
Teaches with hangover = a good laugh
I was very confused and did not do well on the first two tests, but once you get the big picture of the concepts of the course, it's a little easier to understand. Class is all lecture, and can be confusing
He definitely is a VERY interesting man. He's entertaining and pretty out there when it comes to a lot of things. His lectures are a bit unorganized but if you truely want to learn something about yourself or want to learn how to think in a completely different way TAKE HIM! He reminds me of an old punk rocker against all ways of society.
If you are thinking about taking this class for a group A, think again. The professor is OLD, unorganized, arrogant, unclear, repeats himself time and time again, and just likes to hear himself ramble. Exams are confusing and difficult. There has to be a group A that's less painful than this class, and I suggest you find it.
this class sucked. despite what everybody else says, he makes you feel stupid for having your own opinions. if the lectures didnt put you to sleep, the readings sure will. the only people who like this class are anthro and phil. majors. i no longer believe in a divine creator (not because of his views on evolution, but b/c such a person exists)
Compares Charles Manson to Jesus Christ really random professor - appears to be an unbeliever. Christians beware...claims he would have the mark of the beast if the second coming were to happen today. Undermines his own arguments by bashing other religions (native american, christian, muslim etc.).
this teacher is a smart man. he is not too interesting, but he does make some good points and is funny. i got a C on the 1rst exam, but after knew what i needed. you need everything on the board!!!! and all the readings!!!!
Very hard class, incredibly intelligent professor who might be a bit crazy. NO wait, he is crazy. Looking back it was a great class but I remember being very confused. If you pay attention and read you will learn a lot. LOVES bonobos.
BORING ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Crazy man.Lectures are painstaking and he doesnt really teach muh of anything.
WOW!! this guy talks in circles and is absolutely bonkers!!! avoid!!!
DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE!!!! WORST CLASS EVER AND ACKERMAN SUCKS!!!
monotone and extremely dry humor
this guy is a real piece of work, lectures are boring, it gets pretty ugly
interesting, but hard to take notes. go to review sessions and you'll be fine.
GO TO Review sessions with the TA or you will fail
Professor Dickinson was very passionate about teaching, though he was a very tough grader and you either pass or fail the quizzes. Quizzes every week. If you want to succeed in this class I would definitely recommend going to math lab and to his office hours. If you struggle with math, this class will probably be hard for you.
Professor gives homework every 2-3 days. There is a daily online preview assignment due before the next lecture. If you skip class, you are assigned to the lab, if assigned, on that day by yourself. He also walks around to give everyone a chance to do the problem on the board by themselves. So many homework, papers and not enough time to finish!!!
Will took a subject that I loved and ruined it. We were required to write several papers in a math class and he is a tough grader on everything. Asking questions didn't help much and going to his office hours didn't either. He made my first semester so stressful and now I even have to take the class over to bring up my GPA.
You learn a lot in his class purely because you have to study so much for his tests. He's a super hard grader on his papers. Most of what I learned came from high school and the tutoring center. However, he's always willing to help, but he doesn't always forgive mistakes
I've always been decent at math, I showed up everyday, I seriously tried, and now I wish I could've picked a different professor. 11/10 wish I would've used this site earlier to avoid this level of insanely hard grading.
He is a very nice guy but his way of teaching is very different. Everything you do is in groups so I feel like you dont learn as much. tests are hard and he makes you write sentences to make sure you understand the material. I didnt think I would have to do writing for my math class. I did not look forward to going to this class two days a week.
Will is a really nice guy and he is not a boring teacher. HOWEVER, he explains things once and then gives you examples and expects you to understand them. When you ask him a question he doesn't just show you how to do it he asks you more questions and expects that to help when it does not. Very picky grader aswell!
Hardest grader I have ever had at Grand Valley. Impossible to get a good grade.
This class was not at all what I expected. He expects you to know what you are doing right away, and he doesn't completely finish questions that are brought up in class. If you have never taken calculus before, I wouldn't recommend Will as a teacher.
I loved math before this class. I was planning on being a math major actually, and he ruined that. No matter how hard I studied I could not grasp any of it. I went to his office hours and all we managed to accomplish was...NOTHING! The tests were crazy, not to mention the crazy long final. And the projects? Horrible! Super hard grader too.
Wierd guy...knows a lot about Math and loves not telling you the answer. Grades EVERYTHING really hard and is crazy about plagarism...Nice guy, but difficult to learn from. If you already know a lot of Calculus you will be fine, but otherwise don't take this class from him.
will knows a lot about math, but is incompetent as a teacher. hardest grader of homework i've ever known. super paranoid about group work/helping classmates. doesn't answer questions. try to avoid this professor at all costs.
The first 4 letters of his last name say it all. He knows Calculus but can't convey the information to students. If you have a Calc. background you might be alright, but if this is your first taste of Calc. I would suggest changing Profs.
YEAH , I apologize to all the people that waste time in this guys class! he's a real nice guy, but he's a genious, and can't teach. Half the class dropped, another 8 failed! fortnight problems and exams will kill you!
Class was incredibly dumb and Will taught it pretty bad too
Dumbest class ive ever had
As an online teacher, he's not great. Lectures have been incredibly boring - I've been using the book and homework to teach myself. The tests were open-notes, but I didn't have enough time to finish. I feel like I understand the concepts well, but it doesn't translate to the exams.
DO NOT take calculus from Dou unless you plan on attending EVERY single class, you've already learned the material, and you enjoy sitting through the most confusing and boring hour and twenty minutes of your life. Twice a week. I got a D in the class, but I got an A+ in precal the previous semester and i've taken calculus in high school.take RITTBY
If you are not a math genius then do not take this class. His tests are absolutely ridiculous and even my friends who took AP calculus in high school (and made A's) are making C's or failing. He has horrible office hours so getting help is close to impossible. I don't know why people give him good reviews, this class was a horrible mistake.
Very boring and hard to understand, but a nice guy. Grades homework.
He's the man... just dont try to contact him in any method except in person and expect any kind of timely response
Jill is crazy! It's like she wants everyone to share her beliefs and ideas and if you don't, you are supposedly "closed minded". However, some of the tools taught in this class will open your eyes and help you in your future educational career.
This professor doesn't provide any constructive feedback or rationalization for grades. Course was: read text, answer questions at end of text, submit a paper based on another question. Tests are taken from obscure portions of text with no study guide available. Contact via email was not helpful as he provided no usable feedback. Unimpressed.
I took this as an online class. Tests are really difficult, but if you do your weekly articles and projects you should be fine. Hard grader.
Poor mannered and has the lack of motivation to boot. Not at all interested in the work of his students. Pretty much just putting his time in.
Don't care much for his attitude. It made the class worse.
relates many things to alcohol, overall he's an okay guy
He may be nice, but he does not know how to teach beginners.
VERY boring! One of the worst teachers I had at DBU. Take this class from someone else!
Dunn was one of the worst professors I've ever had. Beware and steer clear if possible!
boring as a a bag of hammers
The class is not hard but the teacher is very opinonated and not open to any other views. I love history and was disappointed with her teaching.
Your work has to be done his way or you fail. Even if you get the same answer, its wrong.
He doesn't check for understanding so if you have questions, you need to speak up. Doesn't return phone calls or emails. The material was pretty simple though. I guess what he's doing worked, since most of us got good grades in the class.
everyday you will have a quiz, he drops 4 of the lowest quizzes, not many home work to do. easy tests only bad thing is that he gives quizzes every day.
His tone his entire lecture is so gloomy. No enthusiam at all as if he never cares for the math subject and is only teaching by force. Attendance is mandatory though. The guy runs dry jokes all day :(
He's dry & strict about the no phone policy, so don't even try! He's knowledgeable, but skips some "obvious" steps during lectures. I usually had to go home & review everything on my own to figure them out & truly learn how to do everything. You're better off not asking him questions, but if you really need to, be prepared to feel stupid! LOL
He's not the nicest person, but I was able to follow along easily and averaged a 100. There are quizzes every class that are worth more than the test grades. At first this freaked me out, but it turned out for the best because the material was still fresh on my mind.
sometimes doesn't explain what hes doing.
Can have a difficult personality during class. Be prepared to act professional during class. TURN YOUR CELL PHONE OFF [or be prepared to leave -even if it's the final exam]. Great at teaching material. Take notes and see him during office hours if you have questions.
He is a good teacher but is rude and disrespectful. He looks like he's high every day
She can be somewhat confusing. It always helps to have other people who write notes so you're able to compare. She may confuse things on tests so watch out. Grading the critiques we do take forever! Make sure you re-read your notes and quiz yourself. I barely opened that textbook, she talks about the concept rather than just read from it.
just be nice to her, and she wont embarrass you. EASY class but every test we took had mistakes...check every answer to make sure the scantron counts it right!!! trust me, it happened on every test atleast once. (oh...save your extra points until the end so you dont add them to a test that will be dropped anyways for being the lowest grade.)
DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!!! She teaches you off the top of her head and not the book. She treats students like crap and grades very unfairly. This class was intresting but I wouldn't reccommend this teacher to anyone.
Her tests are easy..you do have to read the chapters and review her lectures..she does have homework assignments where you have to analyze alot..overall its an okay class
...here is the bottom line with this guy:he WILL NOT GRADE YOUR WORK IN A TIMELY FASHION!I'm not kidding people, he is COMPLETELY unorganized and you will have many,make that MANY,unanswered emails whereby you will need to BEG for your grades before drop date.I made an A in this class but it was by far the most frustrating class I ever had. Avoid!
Very nice lady but not a good teacher. She is old and senile. Doesn't put any grades on blackboard. My final grade is a surprise
She has quite a few screws loose and rambles.
she is a horrible teacher. she repeats everything way more than needed, and wastes the whole class away. She is very norganized and doesnt know what she is taking about most of the time. If you have this teacher i would suggest getting into a different class.
I don't really know what you all are talking about, I think that she is aweful! She is helpful but out of line in her grading and impossible to listen to.
yeah...she is pretty weird (that is an understatement)
she grades fairly but wow, she's a weird one!
I mean Boyer was a nice and funny guy but his online class was just annoying so many assignments per week and for a lot of them if you get below a 50% on them you automatically get a zero like I have never heard of that who does that. Don't take this class if u don't have to it is very time consuming. Seems like a chill guy though.
People love and hate him at the same time. He is funny and a nice guy, but as a teacher, I would give that a firm negative. As a teacher, he doesn't know how to separate "humor" from education. His quiz is very very tricky and not organized. I personally like teachers who are "here is the work, expectation, and grade" Period.
Professor Boyer thinks he's a lot funnier than he actually is, his lectures are extremely long and annoying. He knows very little about the subject matter that he is talking about so it was a little frustrating throughout the semester. If you're looking for an easy A than take the class but I wanted to learn something and was very disappointed!
YOU HAVE TO PARTICIPATE. Dr. Spaulding seems like a nice guy but he gets very upset if no one is participating. Requires textbook but rarely talks in detail about stories, just general concepts. Also impossible to reach outside of class and ignores the chat on Zoom. Assignments aren't too bad. Weekly reactions and discussion boards and 2 papers.
Nice lady, but can't teach voice to save her life, horrible at conducting choral
Please study and then go to his class! He is very intimidating and gets worse in class.
Hardest professor I have ever taken. He teaches well and he wants you to most importantly think. The content is pretty difficult and he will grill you if you are not prepared. You will learn a ton but will have to work extremely hard.
very partial... professor
Not very helpful. One of the most monotonous teachers i have ever had. Realitively hard grader.
He is a very dry teacher and does not assist in the learning process. Most of the class will have to be self taught. You also have little warning of what to expect on tests.
HORRIBLE! rude, boring, tests are extended response and have lots of unexpected questions. he grades based on spelling and grammar as well!!! do not take his class.
This class is not hard. If you go to class and take notes you can easily get an A or a B. Mr. Lyon knows his stuff but isn't very organized or helpful. He repeats the same stories over and over again, and strays away from the syllabus. But if you just need a B, it isn't hard to get.
He knows his stuff however he is very rude. I would not take him if I had the choice.
Terrible handwriting=hard to read the notes he puts on the board. Annoying with lexicon speeches. Don't yawn you will get called on. He loves PSEO students. Oh and he moves tests and quizzes around alot.
Well, in this particular instances if you approach this course from that particular perspective, then you'll have to fight the little battles of Professor Fanning.
Kurt is the most confusing professor I have ever had, however he literally lays your entire tests out for you. If you are comfortable with being given the exact ideas on tests including math problems and teaching yourself all of it then take him. It's an easy A only if you attend lecture and write down exactly what he tells you.
Could skip every class and had it not effect your learning or grade at all. Was actually really excited about this course initially...
He's a nice guy, and knows his stuff, but his lectures are often disjointed and fail to flow. The only way to do well in this class is to do and re-do the problems over and over until you can do them in your sleep, and memorize every concept he throws at you without searching for an explanation. Memorization without application = learned nothing.
If you're good at cramming complex terms into your brain with little to no explanation, then by all means you'll love his exams. If understanding logic and working through problems is your thing, then you will struggle. Friendly, funny, and knowledgeable guy... but his quality as an instructor is questionable.
He goes through the book and tell you just what you need to know for exam. Easy follow-a-long assignments to show you the programs. They make up a lot of the points. Nice guy, would recommend
tough materail unless youre a computer software wiz
He is SOO boring, reads directly from book and mumbles A LOT!
Moes is a Plato scholar but a poor, uninspiring teacher. He uses PHI101 to teach Christian interpretation of Plato. He lectures heavily & does not take questions or engage in thoughtful and relevant conversations. Takes attendance, gives no homework, only three exams & an essay. Need book, no clear syllabus, poor language. Take notes; easy A.
Would not recommend this professor to anyone serious about philosophy. His lectures are religious based, and he blatantly criticizes people that miss class. I saw him once erase an exam score on a student's exam because he had missed the class where he handed them out, and dropped it ten points.
I honestly could not stand this professor. He uses extremely inappropriate language during class. There is one paper, 2 written exams, and a written final. Do not expect a rubric or any guidelines for the paper and do not expect any feedback from exams.
Moes really knows a ton about Plato. If you take notes the class is a breeze even if you don't understand what he's talking about. He gives exam questions ahead of time and you choose your own paper topic and he's not too tough on grading it.
This class is super easy which is what I was looking for. However, the professor makes inappropriate comments in class and after an entire semester it was annoying! If you like arrogance then you'll love this professor. I would stay away if possible.
If you need to take an SWS class and don't like writing, we only wrote 1 4-6 page paper. Mostly just scribbled his thoughts about the text all over the whiteboard. We took three essay style exams which he gave us the questions for beforehand. You can't get lower than a B if you've read the stuff. Moes is a nice guy with a good insight on life.
Very easy class so long as you attend class. I read a good 7 pages of the book and gave up and still got a solid B. Gets off on tangents some times but he definitely gets you thinking. It was on of my better classes. Hand writing was impossible to read and he did "notes" all day which had no real organization. Thanks Mark.
Goes on meaningless tangents and doesn't allow class participation
Weird hippy guy that thinks he is God
Should not be a philosophy class, should be a sex ed. class
She goes through the slides a million miles an hour. Class is so boring dreaded going to it every time. Taught myself all of the material before the exams. Nice lady and does offer some extra credit. Take home assignments help grade and understanding the material.
pointless class. I only had her for the lectures which she never taught at. she just brought other professors in to tell us about majors. Verrry boring. All they talk about it Exelon Corp, which all our projects were based on. the discussion class wasn't bad, but i had a different teacher for that.
This class was painful. There are a ton of group projects and assignments, (the group you pick on the first day of class is your group for the whole semester), that are time-consuming and quite useless. She is a very hard marker. I basically ended up teaching myself the material. I don't know a single person who found this class helpful.
If you're a frosh undeclared business and can avoid her BUAD by doing finance or another major, DO IT! This class is a complete waste of time and she has no idea what she's doing. The class sounds easy but it is time consuming and not easy to get an A. It will NOT help choosing a major and is a pain to attend. Not 1 person I know found it helpful.
took it online...boring lectures...difficult and time consuming projects, but moderately easy exams.
doesnt prepare you enough to do the HWs. just hope you get an easy-grading TA.
Difficult and confusing explantions. Only 3 tests leave little room for error.
This class is pretty difficult, and he doesn't make it any better. He doesn't offer any study guides or details on tests or quizzes. It's hard to study for the tests because there is so much info. and he doesn't tell you what to study. He's pretty boring to listen to also.
VERY HARD. HARD TO PAY ATTENTION. ESSAY QUESTIONS ON TEST ARE IMPOSSIBLE TO ANSWER EVEN IF YOU STUDIED. EVERYTHING BASED ON INTERNET READING SO IF YOU HAVE A.D.D. OR DON'T HAVE A.D.D. DON'T EVEN BOTHER.
I don't even know where to start. He is the most boring teacher ever! I slept in his class everyday. Test aren't hard if you memorized the entire book, pretty much find another teacher if you can, you will make your life so much easier if you stay clear of him!
Boring!! Final was fairly easy though. The questions were somewhat "common knowledge".
Kartman's class is boring as heck, and even though he usually teaches to the tests, it's not an easy A. I had to work my butt off for my grade, and stayinga awake in class is the biggest challenge. I wouldn't reccommend him, but if you do take him, use his online practice tests to study.
For dry clear eyes try clear eyes....yea thats what he sounds like. SO BORING. you will count the minutes until the class is over. Subject matter is so dry and boring but what else can you expect from econ. Kartman SUCKS!!!! Extra credit is available which is nice.
Just don't do it.
Boring Lectures, But easy to get a good grade with extra credit and easy tests. Posts pasts exams online which are helpful to study with. Read the book and review notes before tests.
Lectures are very boring. You should go to class because test materical is all based on lectures and terms. Teacher not recommended
i don't know why but i study like a dog and got C. hard tests and he speak very quite and sound like a monotone...
very hard tests and quizzes. has a curve but it is very hard to get a good grade. has a monotone voice. AVOID HIM!!!! i didn't listen to others and i took him, learn from my mistake and help yourself. DON'T TAKE HIM!!!
I was kind of unsure of my major before this class. After this class I decided to change my major. This class is the most boring class I've ever taken. His voice is very monotone, his tests and quizes are super hard, and he's not very helpful. DONT TAKE!!
I spend more time on this class then my calculus class. I busted my arse off for a B. Quizes(6) are tough/Final easy. Do not take this class.
zzzzzzzzzzz! This class is the most boring class in the world! I want to shoot myself everyday I'm in there. Minutes seem like hours. I used to love econ until I had this class. He has good intentions but he makes it so hard!!!
So monotonous and boring, you have to be a freak to stay awake. His curve is Ok if it werent there no one would pass EVER. Otherwise its OK to take if you dont mind a C theres a test every other week almost. He is a hard grader. AVOID IT!!!
Half the class is asleep by the time he starts his lecture the most boring teacher ever
hard prof, don't leave early he will yell at you if you do
AVOID AT ALL COSTS, got all bs and as on tests yet somehow still got a c.
Boring, and very hard, your grade is based on tests only, no other graded work
He is a very hard grader. I have a 3.82, but he is the hardest prof, AVOID!!
Not a good teacher,do not take his class,he is much harder than other econ profs
Tough class, you must do the readings. He will help you though.
I wish i read his reviews before taking this class. His classes feel like they are being improvised. I learned nothing from this class. He's a sweet man, with his heart in the right place, but i learned nothing i didn't already know. Class is literally just sit in a circle, go around and talk about your feelings.
The class itself was super easy. The plunges were definitely eye opening, and people often shared touching stories. Other than that, the class isn't much and Jesus isn't the best teacher. You don't learn anything else besides stories that you hear. Jesus is also a bit strange and isn't all he's cracked up to be...
If you want an easy class then this is a class for you. If you are taking it for the teacher credential program then take the other teacher. The only thing I learned in this class were conspiracy theories, had nothing to do with teaching in a classroom with people of different backgrounds and cultures. Class is pointless but attendance mandatory
take this class online or at a community college
The class is hard, go to class and do the weekly quizzes and you will be ok. tough to ask questions thought because he will make you feel stupid.
To correct other students, the quizzes are required and are a part of your semester score. Do these and they will help when it comes to adding points to the midterm and brief which aren't graded lightly! He's not horrible but not great. He is knowledgeable but does get side tracked on what he is teaching.
Harrington is brilliant teaches like a law teacher its incredibly detailed oriented he demands students to think critically and calls on students often his syllabus isnt even a syllabus no due dates no grading policies does not use blackboard biggest struggle is knowing what the assignment is how many points and when is it due BUY AND READ THE BOOK
He's a funny guy. You may not like his class but thats because he's a university proffessor and not your babysitter. Try to listen and learn and you'll realize he's got a lot to say and his stories (which are funny because they seem totally random and he's got one for everything) are the meat of what you are learning.
Very difficult and time consuming class. Makes you turn in documents and is very unclear what their point value is. In the end you can not turn in anything and it wont effect you negatively. MIGHT be positive. 2 tests are open EVERYTHING (book, notes, past exams if you have them, haha). Put in A LOT of work and got a B+. Would take him again.
Ok I am an average student and every class I sat in the back, pretended to be invisible so he wouldn't call on me, and daydreamed. For each test I read over the chapters and I ended up with a B!!!!!!! THIS GUY IS REALLY NOT THAT BAD. I would actually suggest you take him. just 2 test and its open book. Oh and ya hes an A**
I went to class every time because I was too afraid not too. He's pretty intimidating, and really confusing.. I ended up with a B, but it was tough going. If you end up with this class, i suggest you read the chapters, they clarify his lectures pretty well, and before the tests (open note/book) copy or type up the end of chapter summaries
very unorganized, but valuable info.READ THE SYLLABUS & READ ITS FINE PRINT. i bombed the midterm, but if you do higher on the final, the final accounts for 100 percent of your grade. thats, the secret. it even cancels out your EC pts. i barely did any briefs or EC but READ THE BOOK & ATTEND CLASS, TAKE NOTES. i managed a B, interesting class.
The hardest teacher Ive ever taken! There's only a midterm & a final & 1 quiz worth 10 pts. Theyre open book open notes, but u dont have time to look up anything! + 60-80 pg cases for every class period. Ive never gotten less than a C in a class, I got a D in this one! Im takin it again right now. Definitely dont recommend him, avoid him if u can.
The class is actually easier than it seems. 2 open book tests of 50 pts each. 5 short answer questions on each test. 1 quiz and some extra credit. Know the info and have it well organized. I bombed the final b/c I was really sick, but I probably could have gotten a B+/A- if did the same on the final as the midterm.
This class seems hard but if you go to class everyday and take notes its not that bad. The class is curved which makes it so much easier. You take a test and a final. And you get to use your notes and book on the test. take him!
Professor Harrington and his class is NOT easy! Go to class every meeting expecting to take notes. There is 2 written exams where most of the points in the class is from. Exams are not easy even though it is open notes and book. It is essential to keep in good communication with Harrington, go to his office hours and discuss your exam and grade
This class is primarily based on the midterm and the final. Each is comprised on five cases that must be analyzed in 2 hours only. And as unforgiving as this guy might appear, he does notice who is trying. I didn't finish either of my exams in the 2 hour periods, but I went to class and asked for help and I still got a C and passed. Good guy.
he was really scary and unclear at first.. but you just need to listen and the testes are pretty easy. he grades very easily at the end. i thought i was not doing very well but then i got an A!
He gives two tests (both are written) and that is it, so if you're not a good test taker I do not recommend him at all. I went to class everyday, took notes, and I still got a D. He's a really knowledgable guy but he expects way to much from his students.
Very smart mman, everyone who said anything about him are right. He thinks everyone in the class is a lawyer and understands what hes talking about. not very much homework. two tests, grading scale is preatty easy, 60 out of 115 will get you a "c".
Very hard class. He will call people out in class even if they don't have the answer, unclear as to what your grade is until it comes out, tests are very hard, dont take this class.
A real disappointment! Had great hopes that this class would be interesting and lively. Turned out to be a rather scary, fruitless ride. Grade is based on 2 essay exams. Grades take forever to be returned so you're 3/4 into term before you know where you stand. A real shame and a regretful choice.
That's the ticket! He always says this, its a hard class but all fin 240 are hard so ur not so bad off with him.
Hard to follow because he doesn't finish his sentances, and then moves on to another idea before finishing the other. Not a bad teacher, tests are kinda hard, but read the book, and do the briefings
This guy is hard. Don't take him.
i felt lost the whole semester
Class is difficult and his lectures are long. I had to read the book several times in order to understand the material.
Boring lectures. Went from 80% B- before curve and ex cr being applied and got a B+ as my final grade so can't complain.
Don't sit in the back, I could barely hear him even when he adjusted the volume. Takes attendance, creates a seating chart for it. Lectures are same material as the book, the exams felt just like the LearnSmart homework for me. Lectures are long and boring. Average exam difficulty.
Although a nice guy he can be very confusing. I found his lectures and instructions hard to follow. Also pick a good group, it is your biggest grade in the class!
lecture notes are very hard to follow. the book is not worth getting and only one person in your group needs to get SPSS. this guy is not as bad as people say. he actually is funny.
Tests are impossible. 75 questions, multi-choice. Group project is very important, so pick a good group. However, this class is good if you want hands on experience with material. Learned alot, but it was very involved. Curves at the end.
this guy kills me. He is hard, unclear, and very unorganized. He makes a boring subject even worse with his horrible monotone voice. He tends to favor certain people. ive seen him completely ignore people in class. His tests are pretty hard if you dont take diligent notes and write everything he writes on the board
Nice man but very unorganized and tends to mumble. Scribbles undecipherable notes on the board and is extremely monotone. He is very forgetful - he could never remember what he told the class (or didn't tell class) and then would get mad at us for not remembering - so frustrating. Strict on attendance but comes to class late every day! Hypocrite!
Class was sooo boring! Semester long project which was sort of fun, but its a lot of work. He has an accent which makes it hard to understand him, plus he talks really quietly. Tests are pretty tough. He said the class grade average is a C.
Not an easy class but the class is not that hard either. Just study and go to class. The project is very time consuming but it's not that hard. He's a nice guy guy, he just talks funny.
Tests are hard! Get good group members for your project. I recommend taking Wood for lab and 470, she is much nicer and doesn't take things so personally.
He will pass you for sure, but don't plan on learning anything unless you speak spanish. I could not understand one single word he said because he spoke so fast and would use spanish phrases I never heard before. This was the WORST class i ever took. Prof. Jacobo is an awesome and understanding guy, but the class itself is awful.
This guy has good intentions but I couldn't stand the class. Lectures... all over the place. Test... hard. Extra credit for 10 points. Takes FOREVER to get back SCANTRON tests! Frustrating b/c he would start lecturing on one thing than go into personal stories and you don't know what to take notes on. Nice guy but I didn't really learn anything.
The lectures are supposed to be 2 hours and 40 minutes, but he really lectures for 30 minutes and you are good to go. He is a relax guy...great teacher because he doesn't show for class and if he does he would say "sunny day have your day off today" wonderful. I recommend Jacobo. Party hard.
Good teacher but he has a terrible accent. You have to pay close attention to what he is saying.
I never felt like I went to his class, he cancelled too many classes and even jokes "I will be sick next wed" we would be waiting and he would be no show, didn't seem interested in teaching, not very organize or clear. tests are Confusing and tr
Funny, slack off class. Tests come off as easy, but questions are tricky.
its ok
"This is so sexy - I love it!" direct quote
Ugh! Prof Ellis is just not very good. Very tough grader and has yet to get with the times; no PowerPoint or any other technology can be used in your speech. He'll say a speech is expected to be 3-5 minutes, but if your go 4 minutes, he'll say it should have been longer. Sometimes not careful with his word choice either. Take someone else.
This professor did not foster a safe learning environment for students new to public speaking. He gave very harsh, negative critiques of student's speeches in front of other students. This professor cut off students mid-thought and did not seem interested in critical thinking that varies from his own. This made participation difficult.
Don't take if you want an easy art credit. It's a gen ed course that he treats like it's a 300 level course. Don't take if you don't like Theatre or have no interest being involved with it. Take another professor who isn't boring and grades unfairly in all respects.
He says he grades easily on the first few speeches and he does not. Be careful!! The speeches only get harder and his grading becomes harder as well. You don't need to read the book if you look at his powerpoints though.
Roger Ellis is one of the most amazing professors you will ever come across. He is crazy...but in a good way. He is very much a morning person so if you are not, I would recommend taking his class after noon if you can. If you make an effort in class you will do fine. And if you want to be really impressed, find out how many languages he speaks
This class was NOT easy. I did 14 extra credit lab hours and went to extra plays and did papers for extra credit. He graded papers very harshly. He likes to mark you off for not going to the writing center. this class was a chore and annoying because it was just a 101
This class was such a chore. Average test grades were in the 70's (3 multiple choice, one short answer), had to attend two plays, and had to perform a 1 minute scene. He grades fairly hard, especially on the scene!
Dont take this class because it is not a blow off at all. This was my most difficult class, it sucked. If you arent into theatre, DO NOT TAKE IT, it was very hard.
The class itself was worthless. I felt like I was wasting my time. We never put what we covered to use in practice. Dr. Ellis is a good guy and is very energetic, but he just doesn't know how to teach the material too well. I am sure he would be great in a higher level theatre class, just not 101.
This teacher was terrible! He just likes to hear himself talk, and his syllabus does not match the actual requirements. It's a 101 class and he acts like it's the most important one ever. Make sure you go to class though, he'll mark you down for absences!
Lectures are long and boring. you have to attend this class to do well. test are ok if you know alot about theatre
If you miss class don't worry....you missed nothing! I wouldn't recommend him if you struggle with tests...they're tough.
Talks too much,; read the book;go see the movies he shows;tests are on that
I think he just likes to hear himself talk. I know i dont!
Lectures have nothing to do with tests, read the book.
Funny and talks about sex. Not an overall good teacher
very boring class....very difficult....goes off on tangents, do not take
Treats students like crap, talks about nothing, goes off on hilarious tangents
The Decaprio obsession is true, but despite his low rating, he truely isn't bad
prepare to sleep in this class
confused/useless lecture, funny man, need to get old tests and you'll get an A
very hard to understand what he wants
very boring but easy to pass if you pay attention
I absolutly hated this teacher, infuriated me with his ignorance
If you understand unrelated tangents and tireless banter, take the class...
Gets off track....kinda weird...doesn't follow syllabus
This man has NO idea how to teach!
wierd teacher, needs to keep his mind on theater
completly leaves syllabus and spends WAY to much time on oral reports
If you want a good grade you'll basically have to do 18 hours of extra credit
He is a boring teacher and tends talk a lot about sex.
Boring teacher but he is very passionate about the class. Doesn't remember students names. Don't buy the text book because we don't use it at all. Tests are difficult and basically all memorization. If you study a lot you will be okay.
Attend class to take notes. Expect him to give favoritism to certain students by spending more time with them during in-class work. He will also talk about his own students to other faculty members in hopes that it will affect treatment of certain students by faculty. Expect tension between students when taking his course bc of this. Avoid him!
His notes are not hard to follow. It would be nice if his feedback was more direct than indirect in grading assignments. When it comes time to take tests, it's more frustrating to put down answers than it is about doing exams because the questions don't seem to be clear about what he is asking.
If you do not pay attention you will not pass the class. He is an extremely tough grader, that being said you only get graded on 5 separate things. 2 midterms, 2 paper and a final. If you pay attention and do the reading you will be fine for the most part, but showing up to class is a must or you will fall too behind and not do well. good luck.
Holy cow this is a law class not an army english class. Get a life man. This man may be the biggest jerk on campus. He is also a big fat liar.
What a prick
no one else compares
I took him for a summer course, and found out that the man is indeed crazy. Will reach into kiln and grab pieces without gloves. Steve is like an encyclopedia though, he knows more than what he can say.
Loco! He tells crazy stories about mystical dogs that he keeps in the freezer, or something like that. His class was a unique experience, but I don't have a lot of great work to show for it. I still got an A because he liked my stuff.
I have Bemko for many classes to come and multiple before, if I had the option to take anyone else, I absolutely would.
I'm an easy student, homework and essays don't bother me. Most of his reviews state that his class is lecture based so if you pay attention you'll be fine. So I'm not really sure why he did not make a single lecture or even a PowerPoint for our online class due to Covid. Simply did not teach and was condescending with all feedback.
He is a nice person whenever you talk to him one on one. Tends to be very sarcastic with feedback to students. Expects you to know everything and can be rude when you try to ask questions. He is not a bad guy he just expects a lot.
Ok, I won't completely bash him because I will say that he makes that class really easy, if you decide to make it easy. However, he is extremely confusing in the large amount of options he gives you, READ THE SYLLABUS!! Your grade in the class will solely reflect how early you turn in assignments and how carefully you follow the syllabus.
This class nearly killed me, he gave next to no instruction on homework, and his tests seemed impossible. Read all biographies in the books, and read all picture captions (MEMORIZE THEM).
At the beginning of the semester I didnt really like him but if you work hard it pays off. By far the hardest class ive taken. Read all the books and study names, dates, and places for the tests. This class has prepared me for anything good class to take, but be prepared for lots of work.
Here's every class: he comes in with a Minute Maid Strawberry drink, talks about how Democrats are great and Republicans stink, tries to make people feel dumb for not knowing an answer he wants verbatim, and you just stare straight ahead waiting for it to end. Not hard if you read, just boring.
I used to like History. This man ruined it for me. Not easy to ask questions. Makes u feel worthless.He cant teach, and is rediculously boring.This class would be good for 3rd yr in history majors, not a good "core" class to take! STAY AWAY!!!!
Do not take Bemko if you can avoid him!...he assigns 4 different books to read then gives a reading quiz almost every single day on MINOR details..... the books are so boring you fall asleep...I am a social studies major and this has been the worst semester of my life with him as a professor!!
Lecturer..not a teacher! Asks is there are any questions, but either makes you look dumnb for asking or doesn't make discussion a part of his class so how can someone have a question?! Says we a lot, but there is no we..it's him talking and you writing..nothing else! Very bad teach..should probably retire to allow for some new blood. Funny though
STRICTLY AVERAGE PROFESSOR. HOWEVER...HE EXPECTS TOO MUCH FROM STUDENTS...THE CLASS ISNT SUPPOSED TO BE THIS INTENSIVE!!!
He knows his history but gives to much work for an undergraduate level course. His class work is not balanced. He wants too much from his students. He also, has an attitude problem. I wish that I never would have taken his class. My time and money?
knows his stuff and has a good sense of humor. Only tests on the readings though- his tests are really really hard. He can also be very offensive and grades hard. Only good thing is that he lets you rewrite papers (and he's funny to listen to in class)
i dunno, take at own risk. fun teacher but hard teacher. he can sometimes be extremely rude. i know i wouldnt take him again
I was so lsot in his class! He is so raciest and rude to everyone. If you are a girl and arent big then wear short shorts and skirts and low cut shirts and you will be ok other then that you are screwed if you take his class
I did not enjoy his class at all, save yourselfs if you can!
yeah this class is really enjoyable if your a FLAMING LIBERAL...shes nice and cool, but ohh if you disagree witht her watch out, plays favorties, and is way to judgemental when it comes to people she dosent agree with
Very nice, very informative, but fairly demanding and difficult to read.
If you want to take the easiest accounting class ever, get an easy A, and not put any work in take him. If you actually want to learn take it with someone else. Gives you a packet with 50 questions on it and the exam is 35 of those questions word for word. All you do is memorize answers from the packet. Overall a decent guy though
if u need acctg down the road dont take him.u will learn nothing...i got an A and didnt learn a thing...which sucks cuz i will be taking more acctg classes.gives u a packet that u just memorize and dont even know if ur answers are correct...terrible class
anyone knows his real name because i couldn't find him in the staff directory, or anyone can give me his email please thank you
everything was cool until the final...yes he gives out the review packets(which for all the prior test were the test)...but then for the final he totally switched it up. Because of him IM going to drop in my grade...
Lots of Papers, Tests, and skewed personal views. Just no.
Neff is not the worst prof, but if you don't answer the exact way she wants then you won't get proper credit. She isn't very helpful with her email responses. She's kind of rude. She goes on tangents and gets completely off topic. The class feels more like a history class than a lit class. I wouldn't take her class again, or any of her classes.
Very empowering professor you will learn a lot from this course she is great at what she do! At times she can make remarks that maybe degrading to one! Neff takes no mess so don't come late, talk, text or slack! She is very very BLUNT. . . 4 exams a fair amount of reading and extra credit there is no reason not to get an A long as you read ALL
She does not know how to help students that are having a hard time writing a paper. She thinks that everyone in her class knows how to write an A paper. WELL... not all of us know how to and she was no help to me. I DID NOT LIKE HER
Very easy class, but don't try to ask for any help if you need it unless your her color.Unfriendly to military, police, and white males.She's interesting to listen to and knows her stuff, but thinks she's changing your life by what she teaches and is better than you.
Honestly she is not a horrible teacher. But she isn't the greatest either. She lectures her own books which is absolutely ridiculous. She asks for your opinion and then shuts them down saying that it is wrong. Her lectures are "mandatory" and if you are late you might as well not show up. Very pompous and if she disagrees with you, drop.
This professor is a hypocrite! She told our entire class never to let anyone tell us what to do with our lives, and then proceeded to tell people what vocation they should choose.
ignorant. ****. rasict.
Absolute **** and ****. And I'm a black Woman
Shameless promotion of her book Accident of Birth, which turned out to be mediocre at best. I stopped going to the lecture, her hubris made me want to gag everytime I listened to her. Tests are easy for anyone that can read, so if you are looking for easiness minus substance take Neff.
Only used experiments to explain concepts, but never actually explains the concepts as a whole. Expects you to read the book while not teaching from the book at all. I love psychology, as it is my major, and I was very disappointed in this class.
does not do a whole lot of teaching. just reading off power points. expects us to know stuff she hasnt taught and isnt in the book or on slides.
This lady is a moron. She makes spelling mistakes more then I do, and I have a spelling disability! She treats her students like middle schoolers. Her lectures are more like beginner power point presentations. If you have the mentality of someone under the age of 16, take her. Otherwise you will be tortured. STAY AWAY!
Very very hard. Very boring class, and she has study guides on the internet. Do Not use them, they are absolutely no help at all, I studied for 10+ hours for the final and failed. This class is sucky!!
I was confused when I failed the 1st test & she said "oh its normal to fail the first test"-shoulda gotten out then. She's nice but this course is very hard..if the only grades werent the tests it would be easier. She does offer extra credit but its not worth very much when it comes to your GRADE.
Not a good teacher. Not very clear, expects you to know too much. Tests are a pain in the butt to say the least, and lecture is boring and horrible!
Tests can kick your butt, so study and study a lot.
she is hard to follow.unclearn on the topic.very hard if you are freshman
It was difficult to listen to her. I felt myself falling asleep at times especially when it came to that defining your personality thing---I still wonder how many people actually use that in their counseling. A waste of time.
He was not the best teacher I ever had.
Ohh Roos...She's a quirky lady but you love her anyway. Her assignments are fairly simple and she lets you skip 2. She's very flexible with scripts and gives great and prompt feedback. Always available to talk. Only thing is that she boring and class is tough to sit through. Overall, you learn how to write a script and that's what's important
absolutly no structure to the class. She doesn't explain anything, but gives lengthy lectures that involve nothing but her boring trips to egypt. she becomes flustered when you ask her to tell you what she's talking about. horrible class.
she is very unclear and hard to follow but very nice
she is sooooo boring, but nice.
She is a lot of fun if you are theatre student/ or are open to having a funny outgoing teacher. Be prepared to perform in class, and she WILL call you out to demonstrate if she knows you are a perfomance emphasis. There is one test and the other grades are for big end- of-semester projects.
Crazy. Cool. Super weird and dorky but cool. There are like 3 play reviews you gota do that are all easy. There are like 3 other projects but no homework at all. Easy grader. Easy A. Didnt care too much about attendance. Let us turn things in late all the time. The class was pretty much made up as we went along.
Is a hard grader and can be a d-bag sometimes. But the class itself is interesting and you learn a lot
all he talks about is himself and how great he is. except hes not that great.
I LOVE Dr. Maynard! She's funny, and her class is interesting. Her tests are all multiple choice and T/F, and they can be hard unless you study. Taking notes in her class can be a little difficult.
insanely hard. tests are impossible to pass and i studied for three days with no sleep. and i made a d. i attended as many classes as possible. as for after class help: she spends too much time as an advisor then to help you with outside work. bad bad bad. do not take. no no no.
trust me...if you go to study sessions, read your notes, think you do good on the test, more than likely it's a D. it's happened 2for2 for me now. i come out of class thinking i do good and err, i haven't. if you need a good grade for a humanities class, don't take her.
She is the WORST teacher ever!! Her test are over notes, but most of the time when she is giving the notes she gets off the subject and starts talking about her stupid cats!! Dont take her!!
i did not like this woman, almost every day she let the students run away with the class. i honestly felt it was a waste of time to be in that class. she thought she was funny, but most of the time was just stupid
Molecules of Life was supposed to be a life science class for non-science majors. She was way too detailed for non-science majors. She gets off topic and the material on the exams don't exactly correspond to what was talked about in class.
It doesn't seem like she cares at all about what she's teaching! In class she's very monotone and tends to go off on tangents, you don't learn the material in the classroom - you have to be willing to take the time to read the book if you want to actually learn anything/do well on the tests. Also, she's very vague when answering questions.
BORING but easy with memorization
B-O-R-I-N-G, unimaginative, dull, mumbles, should be reviewed and fired
She requires her students to watch her video lectures, which have very little real content and are barely audible. Her speech skills are underdeveloped and she does not define what you should expect from the class well enough. Otherwise, she's a perfectly fine professor.
She has a hard time speaking and spitting out the words-very boring lectures!
I did not mind the professor, but the class in general is not set-up well especially if you struggle with math. The students teach you 80% of the concepts and they do not even know them. The tests are hard because there is so many concepts on them. Asking for help, or extra credit isn't worth your time. You're just expected to get it.
Absolute worst math professor I have had at GV. She doesn't have a uniform style of grading and takes off points for silly things. She is not very clear and you never know what to expect on quizzes and tests. Do not take her, This class can be a GPA ruiner. She can be hard to approach and not very helpful.
I don't even know where to begin. I hated how she taught like we were in second grade [which I understand, because she teaches students how to teach elementary math], but still. Lessons dragged on forever. I got better grades in every higher math class, and I think they were all easier.
I thought this class would be easy...I mean, math for Elem. teachers! I got a better grade in statistics then this class. Find a different professor, this one is just flighty.
This professor is horrible! As a person she is nice, but be prepared to be talked down to like a child. Oh and if you like busy work like having a paper due the next class period, but getting 4 in class assignments and 2/3 more due the next class then take her. Really, save your money....
This prof. is a terrible one. I'm not very good in math but she didn't help me when I didn't understand something. After taking Math 222 and getting an A, I thought I would for sure get an A in 221 but I didn't. Do not take her or you will fail!
For starters I got an A in this class only because I went to the tutoring center and my room mate is a math major. This Prof is horrid On one test half the class was not finished when she called time. She showed the results and half the class got below a C. She is unorg. Will NEVER take again.
WOW! Where did they get her from? She is the most unhelpful prof here. Office hours are "five minutes after class outside the room" and she argued with me that a circle is a polygon. This lady treats you like you are a second grader. Avoid
This teacher gives way too much busy work.. and makes students feel like small children...
Treats you like little kids, wrote wrong answers on the board, not very smart for a math teacher
she would let us believe things werent possible, until proved wrong by us.
the problems take forever and treats the class like little kids. easy though.
Makes simple things seem a little too complex, class should be easy, but isn't
She is scatterbrained and this interferes with her teaching.
often slip into completely irrelevant stories and are distractable. humour is fine but not when it detracts from the actual teaching. goslingpennebaker combined intro to psych made me miserable, especially when they played the kitty genovese video. they constantly normalise depression instead of making it out to be the serious issue it is.
The professor is great, but if you want to read every week for the benchmarks, which are difficult, then take the class. This class is not an easy A and I do regret taking the class, no grade curves, no extra credit.
For tests, memorize the green sheets. For the final project make SURE that you follow what her instructions on the PAGE say... and not what she SAYS. For my project, I told her what it was about and she said okay...later she says it wasn't want the assaignment was, even though she specifically said it was good before. I then had to redo it. Yuck
Boring, bad, should teaches on a high school level at best.
you get an A no matter what but she treats you like little kids with that vioce. If you "seem" to have more confidence in the material than her then she will give you an A.
very hard to stay awake... Marks kind of hard and very exact about notes.
I did not find her to be intelectually stimulating.
Had her for an "On Course" class, and boy, does she like to talk. It gets old fast and made a relatively easy and fun class dull. She wasn't hard to please, though I wouldn't want her for a 'real' class like Psychology which she also teachers. She handed out extra credit like candy which was nice, but I do wish I didn't waste my time and money here
Holy Crap, SOOOOOOOOOOO boring, i cant stand to hear here talk.
Really not a great professor. She definitely will teach you how to learn on your own. Take only if you are willing to teach yourself. Tests are easy though, and most were open note. Gives extra credit opportunities.
This is being totally honest. Her lectures are hard to understand. Unless you read the book, you have no idea what she is lecturing on. I got an A because I taught myself in the class. I don't know her personally. If you can take her comments and not being offended by what she says and read the book throughouly, take her. If not, don't.
I really enjoyed her. She was very helpful. The tests were hard though.
Prof Dykstra has been very rude to the class I'm currently in. Wastes alot of time not teaching . Her lectures are worthless. Spent most of our last class degrading CC and saying that we are not as smart as her Grand Valley students. Doesn't show much respect for students. I complained to the school about how rude she has been.
She is not horrible.Go in with an open mind to learn and don't take everything so seriously.She is'nt telling stories, she is giving her class examples so that we may relate to the subject.The first few weeks I didn't think so highly of her ways, but it really got a lot better.READ THE BOOK!she gives extra credit, and droppedour lowest score!
Pretty bad. Don't wanna scare ya, but consider another teacher if possible. She is a nice person, but she sucks at teaching! Most of the time she talks about herself or her family. If you don't read the book, you don't have a snowballs chance in hell of passing! If you have to take her, READ!!!! Take all the extra credit oppurtunities you can!
Nice lady, but tends to talk a lot, and gets off subject. speaks about her own life alot, and I found myself wondering where she was going with things while lecturing. If you don't mind teaching yourself, and like to study hard, take this class.
Nice person but teaching could use some work. Lectures have nothing to do with whats on the tests. Study the chapters in the book and you will be OK.
If you want a prof who lectures about absolutely nothing that is on the exams, this is the one for you. Honestly, you could skip every lecture and only read the chapters on the exam and you'd be fine.
I thought I was taking child psy. I didn't realize it was parenting class. Boy is she opinionated and if you don't agree with her hold your comments, she won't listen. Run for your life and get out of the class!
What a you know what
She isn't to bad as long as you don't take notes, get the study guide for the book, and read the chapters. Her lectures have nothing to do with the test, but she tells you that day one, and like what everyone else said, it's refreshing to not have a liberal lecture for once.
Ok, so everything she talks about is not on the tests. Study the book and you can do good on the tests. Don't take any notes in class cause its a waste of time. VERY BORING especially early in the morning. Talks about her mentor all the time, and has nothing interesting to say.
If you have her you better be self motivated because you have to read and understand the book so you can pass the tests. Her lectures are not helping anyone for the most part. Nice person she just doesn't have an effective lecture. The class isnt to hard.
This woman is confused. She only told us about he family life. Who cares? That isn't what she tested us on, but that is what the majority of her lecture was about for most of the semester.
her right wing orientation doesnt line up with the insight sociology provides. probably why she doesnt get to the underlying concepts
tests from book, buy study guide will help you even though she says it will not
Not a very good prof, or a very fair grader.
She berates anyone who knows more than what she is teaching. Nightmare!
very hard. KEEP UP WITH HOMEWORK!
holy sh*t! never managed to get one question completely right on any test -- also never managed to get over a 35% on any of them. still pulled a C- cuz he's afraid of failing people; damn ELEG majors have the advantage in this one
he's an a$$, he goes too fast, he hates CPEGs, and he's a mean grader. lectures do not help at all. unfortunately, he's the only teacher for this class.
Everything he teaches is either "obvious" or "crap" -- his words. Condescending
Not very good at explaining stuff.
Cannot teach the basic concepts; condescending; assumes you know everything
Terrible teacher. Class average on tests are in the low 50's. And there you go
Impossible class. He is very smart but does not know how to teach it at a 100 level. If you feel you could obtain a Doctorate in this field, go ahead and take him, but it is not an easy A by any means.!
Horrible prof; discourages original thinking and questions from students; clearly not interested in inspiring interest from students; treats students like they are all imbeciles. I wanted to enjoy this class, and instead, I loathed it.
He tends to talk down on students and makes some things hard to understand. If you don't already know C++, i wouldn't recommend him for this class. The only students who seemed to do well were the ones who already had a knowledge of the language. Makes it way too difficult for beginners
The pace of this class was way to fast for beginning computer science students! The professor created an atmosphere of intimidation through the flaunting of his knowledge. Thus, everyone was scared to ask questions in class.
Confusing!
He tries to make you look stupid even though he knows he's wrong. Peers down at you with those focals...makes you want to strangle him. tests aren't hard if you remember every word that spews from his wrinkled mouth.
Don't bother going to his lectures. Likes to teach everything the long way. TA's run the course and are helpful. Simple class for a person with a music background.
Doesn't know a thing about what goes on in his classes. Make nice with the TA, you'll need them. Cake for music majors, harder than quantum physics for people with no background. Avoid this class.
Teaches beyond end of class. Teaches too fast to follow.
if you know how to read music, easiest class ever
His lectures poor. Use TA. Only easy if you're familiar with material.
Wow....what a hard class. Saylor is a really nice guy and I like him alot. I got a D on the 1st test. After that no matter how hard I studied or knew the material, I would not get above a C! The Lab section is awesome! HAve an A in that! Unless you are an ANSC major and this class is required I suggest keeping away!
this class is hard and so boring. TAKE HONORS SECTION and you dont take the final! avoid this class unless you need it!
tests are just like webct practice tests but still really hard dont get chuckars
God forbid that you ask that a practice exam have an answer key
He speaks in monotone and he looks like Steve Madden...it generally takes 10-20 minutes to get the friggin class started...what a waste of valuable time.
Exams are extremely hard, does not give a study guide. Expected to know all of the HW, In class work, and the conceptual book information we don't discuss in class. First exam was curved over 40%, still blamed us students. Take someone else if possible unless you enjoy studying without direction! Are allowed 3x5 card, which is half the size needed.
I wouldn't take her again. She is helpful enough during class time if you have questions, but she doesn't post grades or hand back homework so you have no idea how you're doing in the class. She also told me she would post project grades a few days before the final, then she said day of the final, then she said after the final. She never did.
Terrible Prof! Hard class, hard exams, hard quizes, pointless hw. I did all asgn. problems for each chapter and understood how to do them. Exams turned out to be totally different. Her reasoning states "Since one person out of the entire class got a 100% that proves this exam was do-able." Never mind the majority with F's and D's pre curve. AVOID!!
A lot of material is common sense, just using more educated wording. 15 page group paper, easy to do since there a 4-5 in a group. Group presentation of chapters in book. Group 1 presents second or third week of class. 60 question exams, with curve, strive to get 40 right or so. Mandatory attendance. Has accent, but understandable. Fair class.
Hard to understand but pretty easy class. Does DCI to help test score, but doesnt really teach that well.
Mishra is a funny guy but he is not the greatest professor. The only reason I like him is because he has a huge grading curve in his class which really benefits you. The group project sucks but he does not grade it hard at all. He tells you everything that will be on the exams.
I find his class boring due to the fact I can click through a powerpoint myself. However his grading is not hard, so it is easy to get a good grade if you come to the class before the test - he reviews. Overall not my favorite prof, but not bad either.
The easiest professor ever! He literally curved one of our exams 19%. I kid you not. There is absolutely no learning to be done in this class. Everyone needs an easy A class every semester. Take this class, you don't even need to come to class.
Mishra is a funny little man. He is hard to understand, so just bring the Lanthorn into his class and read it. Also do not buy the book. Just use the course pack and if you need to use someone elses for tests. We never used it and you lose about $80 between buy and sell back.
the most unorganized class i've had. no one can follow his syllabus. on week number two, my group was given a project that includes in part: 2 case studies, a video study, a five page paper,& 2 presentations. this doesnt sound bad until he told us it was due in one week because of the number of our group. other groups get way more time to do theirs
Class was incredibly easy...prof wasnt very easy to understand though. Lectures arent worth attending...dont learn much from them. An easy "A" class but dont expect to learn much.
Not a bad guy, just very unclear with his expectations. Even when I'm done with the class, I still don't know if he wanted us to focus on the text or his lectures. Participate, pay attention to lecture, and browse through the text and you'll be fine.
He is hard to understand and the lectures are not worth attending, but a pretty easy class and the curve helps a lot.
He is a funny guy and creates a laid back class, but his lectures are hard to understand and his exams are worded so poorly the average score ends up around 65%. He does have a curve which will save you. Take this class as a GPA booster, nothing else
Good guy, hard to understand, curve is great!!
very unclear & there's a big curve, not a good prof
He is a really nice guy, but is a horrible unorganized teacher
Boring class, unclear presentations, exams are very difficult, but curves heavy
Does not help you follow along at all. If he would give you an idea of where you were in the book, it would go a long way. He basically just comes in, writes proofs on the board, and then gives you quizzes on Friday. Not terrible, but not a very good teacher.
I took him because it was the only acailable 107 class thinking it would be easier then 110. I was wrong I have taken calc2 and i still had trouble with the math on the tests i dont no how anyone with just trig or college alg passed any test DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
i already took this class and still got a C! don't bother asking him questions regarding homework becuase he can't answer anything. pop quizes. class seems easy until u get to the test.
I dunno whats up with this guy, he's crazy and all over the place. Doesn't really lecture jsut does example problems on the board and doesn't even use units, how can you teach university physics 1 without using units????/
Unless you enjoy signing up for a class and having to drop/flunk it, TAKE SOMEONE ELSE for Astronomy 300. Math majors will probably find it easy work, but still will find it boring. This guy is ridiculous. Wait to see the syllabus.
- goes off on rants about other things that could be related to what you are learning - tried to go to office hours for help but just said its all on me and didn't give any advice or strategies on how to pass just said I don't understand the concepts - makes people feel bad about using the restroom or even missing class for something important
there was only test and exams , wished he cooperated more with his student provided courses to help us learn and maybe provide home work to help our grades. Emailed him once he was very rude. lectures was fun but too long to the point you get bored and give up. Im sure he means well but would not take his class again
Does not seem to want to help outside of class and is hard to find during his office hours. If you Need any accommodations do not take him at all. Would be better off with someone else as an instructor.
He was rude at some points in his grading. His tone in his feedback about assignments made me feel degraded and I did not appreciate that.
I struggle with science and math classes and there was not much help given. I was already struggling with the class when we were about to take our test which he graded VERY particularly. Didn't make me love the sciences any more than I already did...
He isn't very helpful when you struggle in his class. Kind of mean when it comes to stuff like that.
He can come across as arrogant or give you the impression you are dumb for asking a question and I really struggled with that. He is great at lectures and has a very fun way of being energizedexcited when he gets going on a topic. Tests are rough, but he gives a lot of practice quizzes and that material is on the tests and is very helpful.
Makes class interesting and is humorous. Is approachable and helpful during class. Thenegative- he never answers emails, voicemails, even the phone! Never available for questions during office hours. Will take off days to go to conferences, email you lecture notes, and expect you to know them for a test the next class.
I had him for lab. He is quite easy in this section. He doesn't spend much classroom time with students, he never responded to my emails, and he always talks about money.
Seems unapproachable and full of fluff.
he's a funny guy - lots of hilarious stories and interesting tidbits. as far as his teaching goes - horrible. it's the exact same format every single class. so boring. if that isn't the way you learn either, you're screwed. funny person, awful teacher.
I had him for a telecourse and not only was the class impossible, but when I went to his office to ask him for help and clear a few things up, he completely blew me off like I wasn't important and he was too busy to help me. Like I was wasting his precious time with just a couple questions
ridiculous, ask him any question that isn't in the outline and he's clueless
needs to stop advertising his other jobs in class.
BIG EGO!!!IF YOU CAN, GET DR. LONG
Please save yourself the trouble. Do NOt take this guy especially if you going into lawenforcement major. He does not like police and will fail you. That is just my opinion but It's your choice
Not an overly hard prof. but not always approachable and didn't actually "teach" us much in lab - pretty much on your own. Nice enough guy but it was like pulling teeth to get him to actually explain much.
VERY confusing, expects you to know what he's talking about when he is rambling
His teaching skills were not too great. His tests were very hard!!
His tests are very hard and consist of many essays. His grading is unfair.
this prof is TERRIBLE. doesn't give direction or clarity for any assignments and expects you to read her mind. Doesn't actually read discussion board posts, gives everyone a 100%, and then hits you with a 50% for your final. DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS
She is a TERRIBLE professor, but a decent person. she cares about her students, but she is very confusing. her paper assignments are never clear, and it never seemed like i could do *quite* enough for her. i never got above a D on a single paper i wrote for her, but as a straight A student in high school who USED TO love to write...
gets upset if class doesnt work and imposes punishments like in high school
good class, but not organized
Awful teacher. If you are looking for a BS class that you can skip and still get credit, take this class. If you actually want to dance, DO NOT take this class. She doesn't correct you, doesn't learn names, doesn't take attendance, and cancels class half of the time. Waste of time and money. Meant for people who are not true dancers. AVOID!!!
I was the one who gave him a 4 on December 5th, 2022, and honestly looking back, He deserves a 2 Idk what kinda drug I was on. I really learned everything from Geeks-For-Geeks, not his class. He grades everything in the last 2 hours of the grading window for the semester. The stuff in class isn't like the exams at all. Overall he is a D-tier prof.
Lots of work, but a deffinate A. Doesn't know C++ or english for that matter.
Curves nicely, usually understandable & straightforward, projects are alright
Began with optimism for my first semester with online classes, took 2 in fact. Dropped this one after the first week. Professor's instructions were all over the map and I could not figure out what she wanted. She was good about getting back to those with questions but answers did little to clarify. Think she would be great in a classroom setting.
Not a good teacher. Most of our assignments were online discussions and listening logs, a total waste of time, it felt like a lot of busy work. PLEASE DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS, you're graded on participation and attendance, you also have to attend the GR syphony, there's a lot of outside work to do.
Only 4 more days of this class....yahhhh
I was optimistic about taking this class, until I met the teacher. She is way too excited about music, its almost scary. Also, for an introductory class she assumes you know everything about music. Her grading system is laughable; its possible to get
Teaching style seemed very unfocused mostly spent time answering questions redoing main problem from chapter and showing solution manual tends to be very vague. Pop quizzes and projects that have unclear due dates and instructions that are often changed drastically in class despite using same material every semester. Vague tests
Boring, hard, he dosent teach anything in class
Philosophy is supposed to be branched out with other peoples ideas, this class was taken within an objective point of view. It also all came down to a lot of arbitrary grading. Forewarned you do better when you don't try in this class, which doesn't make any sense. Plus you have a prof that has unclear expectations for you as an individual student.
He is a wonderful philosophy prof and really knows his stuff. He really puts the subject into simple terms. I did run into a few problems with him though. He is not understanding at all if you have some sort of medical emergency family or personal issues that cause you to miss class. He lowers your grade for missing class no matter the circumstance
Okay. Most people think he's the bee's knees. Likes in- class 'controversy' - half the time its artificially manufactured - and delights in proofs. Did I say he likes proofs? He LOVES proofs. 40% of your notes will be composed entirely of proofs. Ultimately a good prof, though.
This class is graded by 10 quizzes which are based on a 30-40 minute lecture, that's it (& the discussion class component). So in order to do good in the class you have to have a clear understanding of the material.
Legit assigned us the wrong textbook for the first few weeks. Her quizzes will have questions based off one specific sentence from a lecture.
She is super nice and willing to help when needed. However, all of her exams are impossible. She does the questions as story problems she makes up so no matter how hard you study there's no way to study for those questions. Classes are so confusing and there's so much information. For a 201 class, it's way harder than it should be.
Professor Rikkers is a great person but probably one of the worst professors I've had at GV. Her lectures are all over the place, she gets caught on one subject and will ramble about it the whole class period and because of this she's almost always behind and trying to catch up. Her tests are ridiculously hard as well and sometimes make no sense
She was the worst prof I have ever had at GV. Her absent minded liberal slander and complete disrespect for any other person in the room made me drop her class. She needs to learn to think before she speaks. If you aren't offended you aren't paying attention and have ceased to think rationally.
Straight A student gets D's on tests? that should tell you something...Take this class with another prof!I put more time into this classthan all my other classes combined and still did horrible!Oh, if you get her dont forget to take her m/ctestlikeess
AVOID this teacher, unless you want practice for the bar exam!!!! because every test she gives reflects what she had to go through to become a lawyer.....knows material so well she doesn't know how to teach it!@
Find someome else to take, shes a joke, the first test of the semester the class average was a *64*, thats a D folks and she doesnt curve!!!!
She didn't even teach, just lectured and had speakers come in. mgt355 sucks!
I took AP Biology last year and even though the material was the same, Duggins made this class super hard. Even when I obviously knew the material, if you don't repeat it on the tests exactly like he said it in class, you will get points taken off. Although Duggins knows what he is talking about, he lacks the ability to grade fairly. DO NOT TAKE.
Worst professor I've ever had! His tests are fill in the blank, short answer, drawing diagrams, etc. If you don't write the answer in the words he uses to explain it, he'll most likely take off. The only grades are the four exams.
very confusing notes and lecture. hard grader. tests are NOT multiple choice.
WARNING WARNING WARNING BE BE READY TO RECORD, TAKE NOTES AND CROSS CHECK WITH OTHER STUDENTS BEFORE YOU TAKE HIM. He only regards what he says in class and the textbook do not matter for him. He is a know it all I give him that because he knows biology but to teach?. Am not sure. save your GPA and take another teacher or give it your all.
Dr. Duggins is a good teacher, but his teaching style just didn't suit me. He is sort of all over the place with his lectures, in the way that he gives a lot of information that isn't on his tests, making it hard to decipher what to focus on when studying. I really enjoyed his lectures though.
IF you aren't in love with bio, DON'T take him. He's HARD! so if you don't like a challenge, don't take him. He is very detailed oriented, extremely peculiar, but grades fairly. Attendance isn't mandatory but his tests are straight off the notes. Ohh and it's essay test with a few fill in the blanks!
If are lazy, like me, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. You sit through an hour of lecture, half of the notes don't even show up on the exam, the exam is short answer, fill in blank, and an essay. Extrememly hard. He knows what he is doing, but his class it just hard.
He's a really nice man but this class is ridiculously hard. Tests are fill in the blank and you must draw diagrams compared to other classes with multiple choice tests. More than half of the class failed the first test. Avoid this professor if you can! Many people change majors after a run in with Duggins but if you pass you'll feel accomplished.
He is very tough. Do not expect to walk in his class and make and A. He's very thorough so study probably a week an advance. Not exaggerating. He's great if you want a challenge!
Exams are very difficult; short answer sections essentially want you to list anything he;s ever said about a subject. However, his lectures come almost directly from the book. Lectures move fast, you have to be very dedicated to do well.
Moves quickly with notes. Tests are very difficult. DO NOT wait until the last minute to study. Avoid Duggins if at all possible.
The simple fact of the matter is that Duggins expects a lot from his students. It is a ton of hard work and studying but he doesn't pull any trick questions. He gives you a list of possible essay questions and 95% of the material on the exam come from that list. This is not a class to cram at the last minute for. You'll learn a lot but have to work
This class was pretty difficult. The tests were much harder than any other bio 101 class. He is very straight forward with his information though. You have to write down pretty much every word he says throughout the semester. I'm glad I took him, but I would't take him again. Be prepared to work hard.
Extremely difficult. Would not recommend. He is a nice guy, and is very knowledgable. Tests are much more difficult than other biology 101 classes. Teaches as if students alreayd know material.
Extremely difficult class with an intense amount of studying. No homework, no quizze... just three exams.
avoid if possible. there are only 3 exams and a final and they are all worth the same. his exams are hard. he wants you to know exactly what he says for the exam. basically you listen and write down the answers verbatum or you dont get full points.
This guy was boring and impossible.
Memorize what he says, not just what the book tells you. Likes to test on details and essays include drawings and explanations. Not the best teacher, especially when he confuses himself. Get a better professor if you want a better grade.
His tests were ridiculously hard! Studied more for his tests than I ever have and can't make a decent grade. He wants you to write what he says in class verbatim, so bring a recorder. The book is useless, so save your money. Find someone else if you can.
Extremely hard and you must go to class everyday. If you are not a biology major get out asap cause he lectures like everyone is majoring in biology. I studied for over 16 hours for test and failed and i never missed a class. Get out now!!! These people who say he is easy are nerds and study 10 hours a day.
He means well, but be cautious if you have a shaky background in bio. There is a lot of content and you will not have time to fill in any "gaps" in your prior knowledge, plus you will not absorb anything from lecture if you do not have some background in HS biology. (I have a GED.) If you are NOT a bio major, take someone else.
sighh..yea he is really hard. If you are a hard worker then he is your type of prof. He will make you work for your grade. Didn't enjoy his class at all and its really difficult.
DO NOT TAKE DUGGINS! THIS CLASS IS IMPOSSIBLE. YOU MUST GO TO CLASS AND WRITE EVERY WORD HE SAYS. SI SESSIONS ARE A MUST! GRADE IS 3 TESTS AND FINAL. RIDICULOUSLY HARD. YOU CANNOT MISS ONE CLASS AND EXTREMELY EASY TO GET LOST IN!
his class is ridiculous! if you are an average student he will mess your gpa up! you have to study every little detail and I mean EVERY detail in order to get a decent grade. Tests are 30 fill in the blank w/o a key, five random definitions you will have to define, and probably some diagrams you will have to draw in short answer. AVOID HIM!!!!!!!!!
Horrible! I studied at least twelve hours for each test just so I could make a C on them. He rambles in his lectures and expects you to know every minute detail for his three page essay tests. Don't take him if you have the choice. Be prepared to bury your nose in the books for this class. He's the reason i changed my major...
He is monotone...his tests are not hard if you take EXTREMELY good notes and you MEMORIZE every single word out of it! you earn the grade you get!
DO NOT TAKE HIM. he is hard for no reason almost 50% of his classes fail each semester. His test are hard and his essay questions and study things for the test are never on the test you are expected to basically know six chapters of notes and be able to spit all of it on gthe test. He grades very hard and takes off for everything.
Makes things more difficult than they should be.exams are difficult.grades really hard. watch out!
His tests are EXTREMELY hard - short answers and essays. If you misspell a word, 1/2 of the points are taken off. I've always been a really good student, especially in Biology, but this course gave me the most trouble!
Duggins gives lots of notes. Just memorize everything and you should be fine. Not a bad teacher, but most people don't want to memorize all the notes he gives you. Just suck it up and study everything and you should have an "a" or "B" in the end.
Helmuth's tests are WAY easier than his. He makes you write every single thing. No multiple choice or true/false. If you can avoid DO SO!
While some say that all you have to do is take notes and study like crazy. Memorizing is not learning. If possible, try another professor that actually engages his/her students and attempts to make sure students understand the material. Try Helmuth, even though his tests are also kinda tricky, he presents the material better.
Dont take this class! It will ruin your life! You have to memorise EVERY word that comes out of his ugly face. It was the hardest class I have ever taken. It ruined my GPA and made me change my major. I got a 17% on the final and I studied for weeks! Dont put yourself through the stress and agony! Duggins finds glory in watching his students fail!
he is so harsh, his tests especially are a ****!!!
I had duggins for 101 and 102, He knows the material very well but isn't clear when teachin it, then his tests are very random because u learn so much material for an exam that is often less than 25 questions, if u decided to take him ace the first and third tests because those are the easiest.
duggins is the devil...he will tell you every lecture to study one thing cause it will be the essay question on the test, and then the test comes and it isn't on the test...the tests are impossible even if you think you know everything you don't..
HARD. so much notes for such a not very long test. not a lot of multiple choice. he likes fill in the blank and essay questions. take good notes and study everyday.
He moves very fast you can study for the test for days and still fail!!! The test are stickly from the notes so don't miss class.
Hard class, must take notes and keep up with him in lecture. Cannot BS your way through this one...have to study NOTES and be willing to learn A WHOLE LOT of new material. Tests can be a pain...give as much info as you can so as not to leave room for point deduction.What to expect in college Prof.
He is the worst professor I have ever had and I highly advise not taking this man. He is a danger to your college career. This man is the devil himself only with a feminine disposition.
Such a hard professor. Don't take unless he is the only one. Study your butt off and memorize EVERYTHING!!
Dr. Duggins is not someone you want to take unless you know everything about biology. One thing is clear, you will not get an A unless, well nevermind it is impossible.
He doesnt appear very approachable. His tests are fairly difficult and require MUCH preparation. The questions are fairly random and it's someone hard to prepare for because the volume of material presented is very high. They require very specific answers
he's like Jack from will and grace!
He is very unhelpful and impersonal. Lectures - very informative, but quite boring. Tests - real tough. You must know every word that comes out of his mouth - it is all fair game for the exams. First "C" I ever got. Wouldn't recommend to an
He may know his stuff, he may not be overly difficult if your willing to put the time into memorization, but he is very impersonal. He does not inspire a desire to pursue any further biological study.
All I can say is that you will definitely know if you are going to continue will your science major after taking this man. For anyone that just needs a bio credit, I strongly advise you to take someone else.
He might know the material but he expects you to know it all too. Tests are long and require tons of studying and memorizing all of your notes because you never know what's on the test. Be ready to go to class everyday & take detailed notes on everything.
He's soooo picky on his tests. YOu have to know the tiniest details or else you won't do well. He does not test on main concepts at all... You should memorize your notes if you want to do well. I would not recommend.
all essay tests, impossible!
avoid at all cost
Very hard teacher! Studying every night might help! Tests are hard and specific. Take good notes and make many friends in the class. He talks really fast.
Lectures very quickly, your hand will hurt when you leave the class. boring unless you are a nerd and love boring people. tests are very thorough. very meticulate. knows his stuff, but hard.
I had a hard time following his lectures at times but the assignments are very simple. There are two tests - one midterm and a take home final. He does take attendance so don't skip!
This was his first time teaching this class, and you could tell. He was very unorganized, rambled a lot, and hard to take notes from. Struggle to stay awake, even at 2:30! He is a nice guy, but awful for this class. It's not very comforting when he tells the class he's learning along with you.
TOUGH Grader. If your paper is not perfect then you won't receive an A. B+ is an A in her mind, so congrats if you get a B+. Her lectures are very easy. If you need a lecture where you can zone out and respond now and then, then this is the class for you! She is a tough grader but the sweetest lady ever.
doesn't know how to use a computer... AVOID
She is such a sweet woman, but her grading scale is ridiculously hard. The papers that were assigned had nothing to do with what was covered in class, which made the classes seem useless to attend. If you're looking for an easy A, do not take this class. I had done very well in English during HS, but she sure showed me that college is different.
She is a nice person, but grades way too hard, and does not give good notes at all.
She forces her students to write on subjects they do not know anything about and do not care about in the least. Then, she nitpicks their writing style and criticizes opinions that do not match her own.
She is an unreasonable grader and assigns useless work for her already busy students. She had the audacity to tell me I should never pursue a career that involved any sort of writing. Who does that?
i dont get the previous comments, she is hard and nit picky, she loves to give busy work that doesn't apply and the tests did not really correlate with class- i felt like she is out to get us, our final was filled with essays and questions when most other Engl- 101's just had the dept. test, she def. means well- but get another prof for Eng. 101!
He is a great guy, has a lot of office hours, but the content is very difficult and he tends to move very quickly in class. There is very little graded homework, but there is A LOT of "optional" homework. Tests were very difficult and does not curve anything regardless of the class grades. Tests are worth 70%, final (cumulative) 25%, HW 5%.
He takes off points for the littlest things especially interpretations when the wording is not exactly how he wants it but the answer is correct. He also would take off points on my homework that I did with him which makes no sense because he approves it during office hours but then takes off points when he grades it.
Another review said he is arrogant, and I would agree with that. He tends to over explain, or not explain enough. He also speaks with a condescending tone a lot of the time. He is a nice man though, and if you reach out to him it is more than likely that he is willing to help you. He also offers extra credit at the end of the semester which helps.
dr kepner is such a tough grader. he is a nice man, but he thinks a C is ok. he just doesn't understand. he takes off for grammar or if it is not exactly what he is looking for. not only does he think a quiz average of 70 is ok, he compares it to other years who did significantly worse. take any other bio professor if you want an A.
STAY AWAY! admits he makes tests hard so they have an avg grade of 70. Ramdonly lectures class time away and confuses himself with his own examples. Keeps you till the end of every class yet never gets thru the stuff hes says he expects to cover.
This is suppose to be an INTRO class. I had this class at the same time as one of my friends did. I had Ann and he had her husband. COMPLETELY OPPOSITE in teaching. She covered EVERYTHING. Did not specify material for tests well at all. continued...
Assigns too much useless reading, test are not that difficult, didn't enjoy the class tough, probably more for the subject matter than the teacher although she didn't help
I was making an A in her class, she even told me that, but my gradecard said F!
I did not enjoy this class at all. Lectures were lengthy and disinteresting. Half of her lectures are just personal stories and attendance is required/worth points. She does give review sessions before exams which are helpful. Overall, I would not take this class again or recommend it to another student.
Once she explained something, she will never go over it again ( when a student asks to repeat something ) she says; I'm not going to repeat again you have to listen carefully.
She takes roll everyday. Attendance matters. Seems to have a bad attitude toward those going into nursing, she rolls her eyes when you tell her you are a nursing major. She is very egoistic. Has many degrees and loves to mention them always. It is hard to get past her personality. She does offer lots of extra credit though.
Her stories are interesting because she a lot of experience in the field. She is strict on attendance, 4 exams, 8 outline which are super annoying . She will give you the terms you need to learn for the exam. I actually had to work in this class cause she can be a bit difficult at times. You need the extra credit she gives, don't skip it!
No. Just no. Stolba will put pressure on you to join her charity as an intern, which you should absolutely do if your parents have way too much money or you DEEPLY enjoy vacuuming, dusting, and weeding gardens. Because that is ALL you will do unless you have $3k+ burning a hole in your pocket. And she won't bother learn your name. Take C-D instead.
Stolba tends to go off on tangents a lot during her lectures. Barely used the textbook, lectures are interesting when they stay on topic. Tests are all multiple choice, and she does give you "Buzz" words to study for prior to the test. Easy class, and a lot of extra credit chances.
Avoid this professor like the plague. Yes, her stories are interesting, but interesting stories do not help one pass the class or her tests. The outlines are mandatory, but most of the people in the class cheat on them, so if you're an honest student like myself, be prepared. Horrible Professor.
he can be extremely rude and inconsiderate. Gets irritated easily at students who are not taking the class seriously, for that reason, makes it difficult for the rest of us. No homework though except outlines for exams. There are 4 exams including the final. For exams study buzz words, read the chapters from the book and also attend class
She can be extremely rude and inconsiderate. Gets irritated easily at students who are not taking the class seriously, for that reason, makes it difficult for the rest of us. No homework though except outlines for exams. There are 4 exams including the final. For exams study buzz words, read the chapters from the book and also attend class
Stolba is a bright, worldly lady. She can come off as very rude (because she usually is) and sometimes can be downright mean. She expects everyone to do his or her best. Prior to each test she gave a study guide with time to review in class, and the test was based on that study guide. No reason not to get at least a B. Overall not bad.
Stolba means well. she may come off as rude, but she simply expects all of her students to do their best. her lectures are sometimes off, but for the most part she understands what she's talking about. her experience outweighs her teaching skills however, and you're going to need to rely more on your own readings to help you past the class.
Great story teller, but does not explain test material well at all. Hardly gives you a study guide, and uses a book she wrote which is wierd... But I like going to class just to hear her stories. I make an effort to not have any contact with her cause she is a rag. Very rude to students. But can be very funny. I just go to class and listen.
stolba's class is interesting and it was fun to hear the stories. I got into a bad accident about a month before finals and got an Incomplete. She was HORRIBLE to deal with. She wanted me to retake the last month of classes and I finally had to go to the dean to make her let me take the final, which was the only thing I missed. I ended up with a B.
This was one of my favorite classes everrr!!!! Her lectures are very interesting and she is a nice person too.. I totally enjoyed this class!! If you don't have to study too hard but you can't take this class as easy either..Do the outlines.. i dnt think she reads them word by word.. lol..overall, very enjoyable class!! :)
She is an awesome teacher! Even though her classes were at 7:30am I could never fall asleep there. Her lectures are very very interesting and educational, I learned SO MUCH about other cultures! The tests are not very easy but she gives buz words for each of them and if you study them you'll get a B for sure, plus she gives extra credit 2 make an A
extremely boring and into herself dont think I really learned anything... all she does is talk about herself and Yemen over and over again.... ZzZZZZZzz
Easy class. This teacher constantly put down my class, saying we were the most boring. Other than that, go to class, and be sure to be there the day before the test as she gives you all the questions on the exam. She grades the outlines on length, not the quality, which is absurd. Extra credit available.
She could be rude at times.
Take this class if you want to learn only learn about Middle East/Egypt, be belitteled, called stupid and held accountable for her mistakes. You have to buy her extremely out of date book and do outlines on the articles what she wrote. Over all it is an easy class but she is the most ETHNOCENTRIC and rude teacher I have ever been exposed to.
Hard class, teacher openly insults students for wrong answers. Was not enjoyable.
The sh*t that comes out of her mouth is funny only because you would never think an educated anthropologist would say it. But she is one of the easiest teachers I have had.
I did not like her at all. She puts down other cultures. She is not a very good teacher. For our class she was very rude to us and called us all stupid and said that we were all gonna fail. Don't take her unless you want to be stuck reading her stupid articles about Egypt and writting outlines on them.
I had her class a while back. Can't complain about the things I learned from the expensive textbooks, but she would always go off topic. If you want to pass her class, stick to the textbooks and not her lectures.
I honestly didn't enjoy this class. One thing I have really liked about AR is that the teachers reach out and really learn about the student population. For this professor, it seems as though she was very detached. She was there to lecture and that's it. At the end of the semester she would still be asking people their names, even if they had contributed to the discussions every day. Perhaps just not my kind of professor.
tells you what is on test but don't like her personality at all, kind of rude and very condesending
Is full of herself. Likes to be called PROFESSOR Stolba.
All I can say is that I will never take another class with him again. Doesn't even grade the assignments, just assigns a random grade. If you want to do well, you better be reading the textbook religiously. Long and difficult to read. The material is interesting, but the professor blows. The lecture has very little to do w/ the test. Avoid him.
This is a very challenging class with this professor. The readings are very difficult and it seems more like a philosophy class. He allows you to make up bad quiz grades with short papers but he expects complete mastery of very spacey and ambiguous theories.
plays favorites, seemed like he confused himself sometimes!
pretty good teacher, but he gets in bad moods very often & takes it out on class
Switch out . He's unclear and always off topic. Tough assingnments
not reasonable with grading. Don't take his class!
Good guy, however, he was unclear of his ideas to the class
Smart Guy. Expects a little too much from students
Grades unfairly
He makes class engaging with his fun stories and lectures are pretty straight-forward. He is not clear on assignments though. Quizzes and tests were hard. He expects you to basically memorize the book word for word.
His lectures were monotonous, but it's a boring subject anyway. Go to lecture and recitation, it really helps with the worksheets. The final is so hard that even if you have a 99 in the class, you'll still probably get a B
The class isn't too bad if you take good notes and study. Be advised though, the final is HORRIBLE.
He is trying to impress you with his knowledge.
Did great in everything but tests. The tests are extremely hard.
I had him for lab. He is lacking in the social skills department. He walks up and down the aisles, staring straight ahead. If you do get his attention (by throwing yourself in his path) he seems very uncomfortable. His pre-lab instructons were clear; just hope you get a good lab assistant.
lab is hard, but he simplifies it. too much. very boring and dorky
very easy class, I knew more than he did about Word and Excel. If u want an A, take him.
Very difficult in everything.
She is not very good at getting her point across on the material. The first couple of months are easy (so take advantage of the points). The PHP and SQL parts are the hardest for most of the people I knew. Her tests are very particular and there are no obvious answers. Many of them come down to the detail rather they're correct or not.
I loved econ--until I took this class...spent most of the time during lectures going "huh?" Just hard for me to understand. It got better, but I found it to be a LOT of work just to keep up. The paper did save my grade though, not hard to get a good grade if you follow his directions precisely. Good luck!
Chicken Scratch doesn't even describe his handwriting? I don't know why he has a fascination with graphs, but he sure does. Class is boring and his voice doesn't help it. Okay class if study
Loves to draw graphs. Study old tests, but also go over notes, and read to do well on tests.
I hope you can read chicken scratch! Other than his handwriting, decent teacher
Keeps test in library. Like to give busy work once and awhile. BORING!!!
Dr. Collier took over this class for another professor who passed away. He is intelligent but is not personable. Grading is very hard but seems fair when feedback is given, however this is rare. For instance, on my final writing assignment I received only 2 comments on the entire paper. He stuck to the syllabus and course schedule. Do not recommend
Dr. Collier took over this class for another professor who passed away. He is intelligent but is not personable. Grading is very hard but seems fair when feedback is given, however this is rare. For instance, on my final writing assignment I received only comments on the entire paper. He stuck to the syllabus and course schedule. Do not recommend.
I didn't enjoy this class. He was very arrogant and required that we read chapters 3 or 4 times to understand material. But he didn't teach out of on e specific chapter at a time. I wouldn't recommend him.
I highly suggest not taking Dr. Collier. I don't know what these people are talking about with getting 94% in his class but this is probably one of the hardest most boring class I have ever taken. He is way too smart for his own good. I'm glad I don't have to take anymore econ classes because I would never take him ever again...don't take him
By far, the HARDEST class at Northwest. Tests are MC, but freakin' harder than any other test you will ever take! Nice guy, good teacher, horrible tests!
Includes test questions with several semi colons, several comas and five to six ands in a single sentence. Takes simple subject matter and makes it difficult. (85% is an A for a reason) Confusing at best, try to avoid. The old tests do help a lot just watch out for different convoluted wording. I recieved a B doing absolutely nothing pre-final.
I went every day to the 8:00am class. I retyped all of my notes (55 pages). I Studied all night for all 4 exams. I got a C. He was very unreceptive to my questions - and that's on a automatic class curve: 85% = A. Avoid at all costs.
OK he knows his stuff too well and expects you to know it as easily as he does. He likes graphs way too much. His tests are hard, past exams do help somewhat but for the final you have to memorize every single worksheet from top to bottom. If you can't avoid him pray, only god can help you now.
Hard Class, and he makes harder making the tests impossible. he is an ok teacher, but makes it sound alot easier than it really is....Do Not Take Him!
Collier is one of those guys who is smart, knows it, and thinks all else are inferior to him. If you get stuck taking him, ALWAYS go to class, read, do worksheets, and practice tests. Do all you can. Tests are EXTREMELY HARD. Doesn't help you at all. Ask questions if you don't get it!!Study!!!!!
he is tough...if you dont think you really understood Econ 1, you should NOT be in his class
Ok, but same examples from 1st class. New info please!
The class was good, but he was incredibly tough. Becareful
i did fine in econ 2 with him, but international econ is a killer
He's smart, but sometimes talks over your head.
Ok to listen to but test are way to hard. Has three ID essay questions that are 30% of the test and he rarely gives higher than 7/10 on them. Grades the class paper like he is an English teacher but clearly knows nothing about writing. Don't take if your wanting an A, barely got a B.
If you go to lecture and can stand to listen to him ramble on, then you might do okay. He is very into politics, so you learn more about that than history. His tests are random...wouldn't reccomend him.
I study every week for a month for his tests and a bunch the weekend before his test and I still could get more than a D. If you go to his office and talk to him he doesn't help that much. He tells everyone the same thing. He is interesting to listen to, but even if you go to every single class and the SI you won't do good. Don't Take!
HARD teacher, you have to read a 400 page book & write a paper on it, only graded on 3 tests and paper. Must go to class, the tests are based on the notes. You can aim at getting a C at best
Tough but usually fair. Gives out alot of information, you will learn alot if you pay attention. Can get a little boring at times but can be funny as well. Do your work and pay attention and you'll be ok. Take good notes, tests are mostly over lectures, not the book.
Expects too much from test essays and papers but everything thing else is fine if you study. Just dont fall sleep evryday or you might wake up and find you missed 60 years of history.. trust me it sucks.
The hardest class I had. Hes a good teacher but at times only offers an opinion rather then the actual facts. Watch out for the essays on the tests.Not much for brownie points as I was 1 point from the next grade level and didnt get it. go to the SI's.
Lecture, Lecture, Lecture...Hard on Essays.You better study. He is tough on essays!
Very judgmental and he will let you know what he doesn't like about you
He is very hard to folllow, and isn't usually on time
Very boring, and hard
Extremely hard class whole grade based off a couple tests and papers (class was prof ethics). Lectures are tedious and he is a very hard grader.
Not many study materials are provided, so you really have to do the reading and know your stuff. The tests are 15 multiple choice, 10 T/F and 2 essay. He gives you four essay questions a week in advance and he'll pick two that are on the test. Lectures are boring but important to attend! Only things in the grade book are the four unit exams.
So boring. I couldn't even try and pay attention because he just tells us random stories about random ethicists who I obviously don't know. Half the words he says sound made up...also he wears sweaters that are WAY too large!
Okay so I honestly thought Field's class was going to be decent after taking his first exam but however everything goes down hill from there as it just doesnt get progressively harder, it's like a whole different class. He grades pretty hard on essays and says many confusing things thinking everyone should just understand. Hard class,but required!
DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN...oh and especially not during the summer.
He definitly is a philosophy teacher! the class can be confusing...its philosophy tho so it would be anyway. the tests arent too bad as long as you come to class and take notes notes notes!!! seriously. i didnt do any of the readings but if u go to class and take notes and study the essay questions he gives you, you should be fine on tests.
I agree with both sides. I know nothing about ethics and didnt really listen to him ramble in class and still got an A. Just study what he puts up on the overhead and read a maga zine the rest of the time. The readings help clarify the notes b/c he talks like he is too smart to be a professor.
Get ready to take a nap.
Very boring teacher. Does not make the lesson interesting and I fall asleep in the front row. Now that's a sign about something. Test's are very difficult and has such a wide variety of notes to test on.
Hard to understand at times, but if you study for the tests, you'll be ok. He also offers extra credit.
Take tons of notes. Spend 20 hours studying.
very boring and way over my head
BEWARE!!!
Sometimes hard to understand. Seems to play favorites in the class and with the grades. This class is super boring and he isn't very clear on what is needed from this presentation you have to do or the tests.
He is very nice and funny. Lectures are long and boring. He only lectures so no power points. You have to take notes to pass. I would buy the book so you can read. He would give a review sheet (not long, just basic overview) of what would be on the test. Only 3 tests and a paper so TAKE NOTES.
Lectures were boring and had no structure what soever, it was impossible to take notes. The writing assignments were pointless and exams were hard. I probably could have done better in the class if prof boleas lectures weren't so hard to follow.
Never returned any of my emails, syllabus was messed up, constantly breaking promises and took forever to grade tests. If you do take his class, get a recorder. The book is almost useless, just study your notes like crazy. Tests are hard, he is a hard grader. I felt like I was fighting against a brick wall the entire semester.
It would help if we used a book, because he goes off topic a lot. Which makes him end class late sometimes. If you miss class, you're screwed because he doesn't post anything on blackboard. He's nice and pretty funny though. He also helps bad test takers by having us turn in papers to boost our grades.
Boring class. You suppose to buy a textbook but don't use it. You have to come to class to be able to do well on the class. He lectures and you try to keep up with what he says.
No book, which seems like it would be good but makes tests HARD. No clue what to take notes on, thought I did great on the first test and ended up with a 42%. Unorganized. Did help us out w/ the final in giving us an option to get an automatic 80%, which saved my grade sort of. Overall I would not recommend. Nice guy..just hard.
"He's hot"??? He's a married man in his mid 30's w/ two kids-& very much looks the part of "Dad", NOT hot! His lectures were very interesting, but VERY unorganized. I never knew what to take notes on b/c he constantly jumped around topics. I compared notes w/ others, & we never had the same info! If you're a careful listener, go for it-if not, run!
test questions are tricky, theres usually more than one answer that would work. essays are hard b/c he expects you to explain in great detail but he never covered the topic in great detail. not enough points in class, he dosen't care about the grades.
He is not clear at all on what papers are about. he did not start teaching until the end of class when we had half of the original students it sucked. The class would have been easy if he had just been clear on assignments and test.
Pointless class! I learned no more than common sense dictates. Closed minded.
Tests inconsistent, don't know what to study. Couldn't speak clearly.
Very interesting topic. However, if your IQ doesn't match his, GOOD LUCK on the exams. They're painful, to say the least. Tests you on things that were never discussed. Uses a vocabulary that only theology scholars/Latin-speakers will understand.
He was confusing to understand during most of his lectures. Which made his essay tests hard. He was a difficult grader. Nice guy, funny, but but a bit boring.
He is a very hard teacher. His material is very hard to understand unless you have previous knowledge. He lectures the whole time and has a very weird sense of humor. Hard to get a good grade in this class.
awful grader
He lost my first paper and I don't believe he ever found it. He told me I would get no lower than a B on either of the two papers because of his mistake. I had an A- on the midterm and still somehow came out of the class with a B-. When I went to talk to him about something he pretty much told me I was stupid and to go to SAS because I needed help.
WORST PROF AT CALVIN!!! avoid him if you can
He's the hardest grader ever. I also thought I aced the first exam (consisted of one essay question) but also ended up with a C. He talks about himself a lot in lectures. He's the hardest professor ever to please.
Worst advisor ever.
Very hard prof. He seems to make things up about religion. Told us we're all guity of sin because our nation went to war and we need to repent. Talks about his dog more than sound theology.
Wow, like worst grader ever. I thought i aced the first test but ended up getting a C. Oh yeah, don't fall asleep in his class, he gets pissed.
Very arrogant. Repeats himself a lot! Says he can tell if a paper is the first draft (I wrote my first paper the night before and got a B). Wears suit coats with jeans, :(.
Very intelligent, but very difficult. Tests and quizes are extremely difficult and he is a very hard grader. Lectures are very long, uninteresting, and dry. Class attendance is a MUST.
Tough prof, but good ideas, really engaging, is pretty full of himself, but good at heart, alWays has essay tests
Was a very difficult prof. He tries to test you on what you don't know rather then what you do know. His tests are killer and I was happy to get a C.
His class is the longest hour of my day - it doesn't help that repeats everything he says a dozen times.
he doesn't try to trick you on tests. He says the same thing many different ways
Class was hard and boring, he graded hard.
I took him for Bio 160 (Fall 2015). He's a really nice guy, but his tests are super hard when they don't need to be. He never really tells us what we need to know. The outlines he gives out helps,but still is very vague in what we need to know, that it is actually frustrating.I don't really recommend him. If you want a nice, but hard prof, get him
I really don't understand why everybody likes this guy so much as a professor. He is a great guy with interesting stories, but his fascination with plants is almost frightening at times. His tests are ridiculous and seem to cover whatever he's thinking about at the time. He gives a review sheet, but only half of what is covered on the test is on it
Where to start. Boring, unclear, vague, gets offtrack very easily. If you are getting nervous, you should be. But to be fair, he is one of the nicest teachers I have had, but good grief, I don't understand why everyone else seems to love him so.
This was the most difficult class I've taken. Professor Tiemstra is very smart, but he doesn't realize that some people just aren't as intrigued by economics as he is and thus the class becomes very difficult.
take a different professor. He is brutal. Is not willing help at all
This class was a combination of hilarious and ridiculous. Each class is very boring and repetitive. Most people fall asleep in 10 minutes. He is rather humorous though- not that he tries to be funny, he just is.
Totally does not care about students, totally unwilling to spend the smallest amount of time to help.
seriously i hope you like coffee cuz you will need a lot to stay awake for his class, the quizzes are impossible and the tests suck, but are on a huge curve, the comments about the awkard silence are true and very annoying
BORING!!!!! He likes to amuse himself, but no one else thinks he's funny. No use coming to class! I could teach this class to myself and it would be more interesting!
he can be really frustrating. The tests are really easy, but the quizzes are hard. He is all about application!
Smart guy. Akward moments of silence. Doesn't know how to teach though
okay grader but very tough otherwise. Takes absolutely no crap
He is a nice person and genuinely wanted to know his students and he would create flashcards of us so he could learn all our names. However, he doesn't really teach the material. Especially when we went online, it was just a lot of read the book and do the online homework and he was just chillin' there.
His jokes are hard to understand if you are not American. Always bring the objective learn to class and ask if you do not understand. study that and you will get A.
Terrible Prof. Exams are Impossible..........always confuses himself........doesn't care about anyting but sailing..........and galapagos.......do not take him he sucks.........he does have a badass earring
Abbreviates way too much of his notes, tests cover too much
She did not actually teach any of the course but was responsible for putting together the quizzes and final exam.? This made absolutely no sense to me. In each of the quizzes she would look for key words and then determine how much of the material you knew. I thought that learning was not just simply memorization of material but explanation.
Ughh...I hated this class...The actual class time was pointless yet attendance factored into your grade. So much unnecessary group work and assignments that were not at all helpful. Plus none of the papers you write in there are graded to help your english or writing abilities. She just pushes at nitpicky details.
She's nice, but not always clear on what she wants in assignments. The papers are NOT a test of literary skill, if you don't think you can write, don't worry about it, it wont make a difference. Lectures were boring, group work numerous, and chocolate excellent
Don't take this class! It's so boring and requires a lot of "middle-school" work. She sucks all life out of the material.
NOT a good class, too much work on worthless topics, boring
A ton of unnecessary work so I don't recommend her.
Having this be a gen ed math requirement is okay, especially for those of us who are math challenged, but, if I were on the early el path this class did not provide info on how to handle small children mostly was geared towards upper el and even middle school. Prof. Wells is informative and well prepared. Take it for your preparednes for teaching.
If you like a lot of pointless busy work then she is your teacher other wise find someone else.
Not too helpful when you are obviously struggling. VERY tough.
She thinks she has to be so tough and comes off as rude and couldn't care less about students. Very turned off from my major b/c of her. She refuses to round even if you are above the .5 of a percent when rounding should happen. She doesn't care if you go to every class it doesn't get considered.
She is horrible, she is the worst thing to ever happen to the business school.
Why does this class even exist and why is she still teaching? Students derive zero benefit from it.
Literally the most pointless class I have ever taken in my life. Figured it'd be an easy A.. so why the hell was that so difficult? Terrible teacher, exams are worded so that you overthink everything you just learned, and overall pointless, outdated information. What a waste.
teacher is pretty awful. but this class is really helpful, you learn a lot about excel/word and it will really help you with future jobs.
Hard
Her lectures were pretty worthless. She only goes over half of what's in the chapter but you are still responsible for teaching yourself the rest. She always appeared irritated when I came to her for help. Unfortunately, she tends to be the only teacher for the course, but if you get a chance to avoid her, please do!
Boring as hell. Monotone voiced teacher in a huge lecture hall spells for a terrible class. Just show up to class to get extra credit and make sure you do the online quizzes. Basically all of her questions come from there.
I ended up with a B in the class after attending a grand total of 7 classes all semester. The first test was really easy(i got a 92), but the rest were kind of tough. My advice would be to get all the extra credit points you can(20), and then just make sure you turn in the assignments and read the texts before the test.
death would be a mercy while taking this class. by far the most boring and drawn out class i have ever taken. good luck and may God have mercy on your souls
She wouldnt even let me get an extention on a project for my mother's wedding. She told me if I went then I could expect a 0. No exceptions.
isane - do not take anything she says for granted she will decieve you on the exam. this is by far one of the most inconsistent teachers at VT. yuck.
Hottest women EVER!!! thats all i got to say ;-)
This class sucks, so does the homework/tests/projects. It's not hard, but its a**** load of boring reading. Don't cheat or you'll get a new **** ripped by her.
the class makes me sleep
Most boring class in the world. Too early. Annoying drone. Homeowrk is weird. People despise her...I wouldn't go that far, it is just a boring class.
Whatever, she tricks you on the exam. I went to freaking class, did the homework, took notes...D on the first exam. Ridiculous.
I can't hold much against this woman. She is the worst professor on campus, but she really knows her stuff. Thus I can't really go against her for that. When it comes to fairness, she goes by every letter of the law. However, she is not flexible AT ALL. Don't even try to give an excuse. But if you go to all the classes, you should be fine.
As others have said, Lacoste is boring. She doesn't make any real attempt to make the subject interesting at all. The assignments are easy, tests are doable. If you know Microsoft Office, then that helps a great deal. I managed to get a B+ and I slept every class period because I had her at 8 AM.
maybe if she cut her hair she would be a better teacher. real arrogant with her lectures: 'when i used to do this i knew everything'
Lacoste's class was definitely VERY boring, but it was also very easy to get a decent grade in. The three projects, while sometimes time-consuming, are pretty easy, and they count enough that you don't have to do well on the exams. And she gives extra credit for attendance.
Worst. Teacher. Ever.
boring
She made this easy class hard. Her tests were ridiculous, and I just think she isnt that great of a teacher. She seems like she is a nice person, but not a good teacher. i would try to take someone else for your acis classes
unfortunately all business majors must take this class...and she is the only teacher who offers this course.she makes things much harder than they need to be.her test questions are often worded in a way that is difficult to understand. i would not recommend her.
SHE IS ONE OF THOSE TEACHERS WHO MAKES AN EASY CLASS RIDICULOUSLY HARD.... AVOID HER
I love poetry, but this class killed it. Professor reads 1-2 poems a day, rants for an hour, and has said some things that could DEFINITELY be reported. Tries so hard to seem "progressive" but somehow it always backfires and comes off as insensitive. Her poem selection is good, but it's her way or the highway. Attendance is mandatory, no textbook.
Not a great professor. She was a nice person, however inconsistently especially when it came to grading. SHE HAD NO RUBRICS, takes points off for no reason. I took this class for an easy A, but it wasn't the case especially with unclear how she grades. Graded only on papers and open note quizzes. Read 109 poems total most of them short and quick.
You revise your work for weeks and are lucky if you get a B- from this feminist.
Instructor Barreto is super cool, he has a lot of experience and a lot of interesting stories to learn from. However, I had a hard time in his class academically. It's pretty much all tests. He's a great guy and I enjoyed his lectures, however it was difficult for me to succeed. Brought my GPA down really bad.
I have had good grades throughout my life until Barreto. The material in the book does not match the material on the test. Even if you study you'll still likely fail a test or two. I emailed him about the material and he never responded.
I took 206 and 201 with Al and I've never felt so lost during a class. I took the Ferris equivalencies of these classes and learned more in one class period than I did in an entire semester with Al. His tests don't line up with the test materials because his book is older than the one he assigns for the class, so you're set up to fail.
The good part: Work at your own pace, take the tests whenever you want, all at once even. The bad part: Juvenile distance learning class was basically all done by the publisher. The tests were all timed and written oddly & tricky. You could tell the instructor put zero input into the test and almost as little into communicating with his students.
Means well but a very poor lecturer.
Though interesting material, has been teaching too long, so sounds like a talking book. Tests are ambiguous and few, so good luck with your grade in this class.
If you are not good with economics and have never taken it, you will struggle. If you're gifted and find economic type things easy, you'll be fine.
Elzinga is a legend at UVA. He is clearly experienced in economics, and his jokes in lectures always land. HOWEVER, I would not recommend this class to anyone who is not required to take it. The lectures are useless and the tests are written in riddles. He preaches principles only and then makes super-specific test questions. Not worth it at all.
Elzinga was a dry speaker, but a very caring man; You could tell he loved teaching, but staying awake was very hard. The material he teaches is very difficult and you better have a good TA to re-explain the material for you because you will definitely need it. Each textbook chapter took me at least 2 hours or more to read, they were so long.
Worst professor at UVA. Last semester, I contracted COVID-19 as an immunocompromised individual and lost my taste and smell for months, and was knocked in bed for weeks. I had to take an exam during my illness given that Elzinga gives no opportunities to make up exams. Elzinga should follow what he preaches because he did not show any sympathy.
I studied and studied for this course, but could never seem to hit the nail on exams of exactly what he wanted to see.
The lectures are amazing, but that's all I can say about his teaching. The lectures go over all the easy stuff, with little to no math involved, and the tests are really hard. I don't know how you can teach this way. If you take the test based on how he presents lectures, you will FAIL badly. Cool guy, bad teacher.
I did not do well in this class, but I am not going to blame Elzinga for that. I think that for a 500 person lecture, he commands attention pretty well. The one thing I will say is that his tests are very hard. Make sure you know every detail and know how to clearly explain all terms and ideas.
His lectures are fun and informative, you will enjoy the class until you reach the midterms. They are not easy at all. The final is just something else, even if you think you did well because it's multiple choice, you probably didn't. If you are a pre-comm student, I advise you to take micro from a TA so that you can prevent your gpa from falling.
People RAVE about this professor.. BUT: his lectures are pointless, he takes 35 minutes to get to the point, you need to teach yourself, the curve it terrible, and he really is not as kind as everyone says. I sent him multiple emails never to have a reply. Do yourself a favor and stay out of his class.
Elzinga really isn't a great lecturer. It seems that he is able to keep teaching based on his reputation as a professor rather than on his actual skill. His lectures sometimes have nothing to do with what you are learning, and his tests are unreasonably difficult. You have to read the book on your own, because he doesn't go over it at all.
very nice, but sincerely too many tangents... too little class... BORING
very tough classes... too many students... get noticed through office hours and study like a banchee...
Highly overrated. Having struggled through what should have been an introductory course, I know now to warn others before they make the same mistake. His lecturer can be interesting, but know that his class doesn't really prepare you for upper level Econ, despite what you hear.
The class is not that hard, but you get lost with all the other 500 students. The key is getting a good TA because Elzinga isn't that accessible. He tries the best he can, is very enthusiastic.
Definitely a nice guy, but I don't understand what all the hype is about.
This is by far the hardest class I have ever taken. He doesn't use any power points so the class bore me to death. The readings are difficult if you have not taken any bio classes before. Plus, the exams are very hard even if you have studied a lot. I would not recommend this class to anyone.
Y'know how a lot of teachers use power points and they'll upload the slides online so you can review what you missed? He doesn't do that. All info is spoken and the term might be written on the board so if you mishear or can't write something down before it's erased then you're screwed. Exams also use super niche lines from the text for questions.
funny guy, but i didnt think the lectures were always clear. hard to do well in the class. DO THE PRACTICE TESTS!! they are extremely helpful! i wish i had done them more from the beginning.
Although this was my most interesting class this semester it was also one of my hardest. The material in the class is very interesting. His tests are rediculously hard. He asks questions about very minute details that he mentioned in class or that was a sentence in the book. If you care about your grade, I would suggest taking it 2nd semester.
He seems like a perfectly decent professor when he lectures. And then he gives you a test based on minute details and retarded examples he spent maybe 30 seconds on. They are pretty much impossible unless you want to sit around and literally memorize the book. If you dont have to take this class, i wouldnt.
After having her for 2 classes I have seen how she is extremely unfair. If you suck up to her early you will get a high grade no matter how poorly you do. She tells you she never uses a curve but what she really means is she only curves grades of people she likes and leaves the others really low.
The examples given in class are very easy, understandable, and do not prepare you for the tests at all. Her office hours are so crowded that you will be lucky to even see her when you go. I regret taking her class.
Her examples in class are easy as pie, then proceeds to put impossible questions on the test. The average on the third test was a 50%. When she is teaching a lesson it often seems as if she does not know where she is going with things. I would try to not get her.
This class is graded only on exams. Even though the worst score is removed, the exams are difficult and Willingham does not tell you the curve until after the final, making the class much more stressful because you don't know your grade until its over. You need to spend a large amount of time memorizing the book/lectures to do well in this class
This class was by far the most difficult one to do well in. There is 3 midterms and a final, and that was all you had for your grade. He did not help in the lectures for the exams and he did not provide any form of study guides to help with the exams. I devoted so much time in his attending his lecture and reading HIS textbook and I still failed.
This class has the harsest tests i have ever taken. This man literally specializes in human learning yet I felt like his lectures gave me nothing lol. He will talk about everything BUT the definition of a concept. Really nice guy, just a very hard class in my opinion. I also took it to fill a requirement which was not wise.
amazing professor!
He is one of the smartest, most genuine professorsteachers I've had, though his lectures and assignments can be baffling they do push you to learn about yourself and your environment in new ways.
This class is absolutely awful. Do not ever take it it unless you have to! I REPETE DO NOT EVER TAKE IT UNLESS YOU HAVE TO!!!!
Waldman is the craziest teacher I have ever had. He babbles on about nothing and has a knack for putting people to sleep. Basically, he talks a lot, but he generally never says anything. In other words, he just talks about much of nothing. It's all about the TAs for this class. Do what they want and you can get a good grade.
The lectures are boring most of the time. But when the topic is interesting, he is a great speaker. Getting a fun/fair TA is crucial. The assignments are hard to understand but the answers are all on that sheet of paper. Having taken the class, I am a much better writer.
At times you will be convinced that Waldman was on something when he wrote the assignments. USE YOUR TA! If you have a good TA and you use them to your advantage, then it is possible to get a good grade in the class. Otherwise you're screwed, unless you magically understand Waldman's (certainly deep) psycho babble.
This class was way out there and pretty boring, and the weekly paper could easily be written without attending all of the lectures. Expectations for papers completely depended on what the TA wanted.
The guy is very eccentric, and the first few weeks even maybe the first couple months you will be wondering what is going on and whether you should withdraw and go pass/fail, but in the end you can still do fine you just have to step outside your comfort zone, realize most people are sleeping during lecture, and find awesome TAs.
Everything depends on your TA. The class itself is strange, the professor is strange, and the lectures are boring. If you can successfully BS your way through this class you'll come out alrite.
In the very beginning he was interesting, then he became just weird, but now that the class is over I definately love him.
This guy is crazy and impossible to understand. He teaches with his eyes closed. A good tip: show up to class 30 mins late - that's when he actually starts teaching. The actual material is pretty interesting, but i wouldn't reocmmend taking it unless you have to.
Bring your pillow to class. It'll help
The class takes time to grow on you.
Yeah, yeah, they say the man's a genius...whatever. Let me quote him when I say "I had never seen liver above my head before." What does that MEAN!? Well, if you like having your lifelong ambitions being shot down in a cloud of ambiguity, then this is the class for you. (Peter Waldman=Bilbo Baggins)
don't take this class unless you have to or if you're insane. waldman is really ambiguous about what he wants in your work and the assignments are really confusing--but i hear that it is really helpful in the long run (for a-schoolers especially)
this guy is crazy but by the end of the class you will actually appreciate his insanity- i wouldn't recommend this class to those not required to take it, it is not a class to take "just for fun"
Professor Reilly can tend to be passive aggressive towards students when asked questions. Lectures also are very boring, she reads from a script which make the lectures non engaging. Having a good TA is key for this class as everything is essay based. Be sure to attend sections as those are a huge part of your grade.
Lectures are boring and you could learn more from the textbook, but go because there are random in class turned in assignments to make sure you attend. Tests are pure memorization and are easy if you study/have good notes/ or read the textbook. She's not super approachable, and class could be so much more interesting than she makes it, but its ok
OH MY GOSH!THIS MAN IS INSANE!STAY FAR AWAY! He is boring as all and isnt a fair grader. He picks people that he likes and always gives them a better grade no matter what. Everytime you talk in class he makes a mark...if you dont talk enough, you get a horrible participation grade! VERY UNFAIR MAN!
this class was literally the most boring class ive ever had. over half the initial class dropped. he is very monotoned and boring. exams are a pain. 2 essays that require alot of research. no real point to the class. try and take someone either easy or good, not Hanft.
If you are stuck in this class with this teacher, he will give you two grading choices; one is contract and the other is traditional. TAKE CONTRACT GRADING. might seem like a lot of work but you can BS your way through it. hard class, dont take him!!!!!
This guy makes you do a ton of outside work i did a 22 page summary of the history book for one of his 8 projects and he said it was to short, i would never take this class again it is retarded and incredibly hard
sheldon is one of those guys that should be writing books instead of teaching because he knows way too much to get it all in. his class is just total lecture and it his very tedious. you can do well, it will jkust take a ton of outside work
Worse class I've taken at Appalachian. For some reason completely trashed my final paper, but still gave me a C.
he's unforgiving in assignments and is a horrible lecturer.
I was like, eh, I can do all this work, no, it's terrible. dumb projects that take hours and hours and hours to do. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. I am kicking myself for not dropping it
I think Dr. Hanft himself wrote that good review up above.
He is hard but if you want an challenge take him. hope that you pass with a C or better.
Childress's lectures are SO boring that it's almost impossible to pay attention for the whole lecture. There is a ridiculous amount of reading (used for discussion-which is even worse than the lecture). He's a nice enough guy, gives useful study guides for the midterm and final, and there are only three 2-page papers, BUT I would not recommend him.
This class should have been easy and fun. While the material was interesting, the tests were more difficult than they needed to be. Instead of quizzing students on understanding concepts, memorization of author's opinions was focused on. Only take this class if you'll have a lot of time to memorize unnecessary material.
Class gets very boring after the midterm. Discussion attendance is necessary if you want to be able to write good essays. I would not take this class again just because Childress's lectures are sometimes excruciating to sit through because of the boredom
The instructor took this class too seriously. It should have been interesting and easy. It was hard and boring.
The instructor was not interesting and the class was way to difficult for the subject matter.
this class was not as good as I was expecting it to be. It was hard to take notes and discussions were a complete waste of time.
Not bad professor, but just talks and does not interact much with students seems to be telling instead of teaching
This guy thinks that he's teaching something like CLAS 401 instead of CLAS 201. I heard great things about him going in but instead got to experience 250+ pgs of mind-numbingly boring reading per week along with a challenging paper due five days before his final exam. Would def. NOT recommend.
COD didnt reflect what his course was about...lots and lots of reading...goofy yet intertaining
Budani is a very...."interesting" woman. The class can be very easy if you're good at BSing things but very hard b/c she assigns a LOT of unnecessary assignments. She does offer extensions on papers. A LOT of sakai submissions and youtube video watching. Overall, it can be a Easy A because the work is easy but time consuming.
Worst class I have taken at UD. This teacher gives so much work that is completely useless and irrelevant. For a 101 class, the workload is unbelievable. STRONGLY ADVISE TO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
She is a wonderful professor if you would like an easy A. She hands out assignments that she usually cancels, then she would confuse the heck out of ya and tries to say that she said everything once before and would not help you. If you're looking to learn d not find her, but if you're looking for an Easy A after BSing then get her!!!
Budani is a good teacher. She is very passionate what she teaches about. She is the best professor I've had who responds to emails very fast. Grading is very fair. All quizzes are online and there are three exams in class. Do the reading you will get a good grade in the class. Perfect for fulfilling a breadth requirement class, Highly suggest it.
While she certainly brings her interest and enthusiasm to lectures, it is often difficult to even understand what she is saying, let alone what point she's trying to make. Often when people ask questions she will give a nonsense answer and worst of all, she gets really annoyed when no one answers questions during class. Very boring.
I was an honors student in a large class. If you really want to learn the books for the class are very interesting. She showed a movie in about 90% of the lectures all semester and she sometimes seemed incompetent and confused. Lots of assignments but just write that you learned something from them and she gives you 100%. Very eccentric prof.
I thought this class would be an easy A like I had heard, but she decided to get a lot harder when I had her. There were over 10 books that we read throughout the semester and wrote reports on. Attendance was mandatory. She did give out a lot of extra credit assignments which really boosted my grade at the end, but I still didn't end up with an A.
she's a little bizarre and the books were expensive but if you put the effort into the class and do your work its a really easy class. a lot of extra credit. the class is a pain because of the 3 exams and 3 5-7 pg essays but its really easy. she curved the first and second exam by 16 and 10 points. def take for multicultural and group B
Probably the worst professor I had out of my four years. Budani simply read the text, in a monotone, for the entire duration of class. There was almost no teacher-student interaction during class as she read lectures (written by previous TA's, not herself) word for word. Exams and projects were ridiculous. Dont take it, not worth your time or money
Wow, hands down the worst class Ive ever taken at UD. Absurd amount of pointless busy work, miserable readings, the lectures are read word for word off a piece of paper, exams were way too hard...i can't believe she's a professor..DO NOT TAKE
Absolutely ridiculous for a 100 level course--assigns an absurd amount of busy work and grades it harshly. bizarre lecturer. does not speak clearly and randomly spells words in the middle of sentences. her voice makes me cringe. takes attendance but lectures are plagerized from the book. cant do other work in her class b/c her voice is distracting
She assigns too much homework, requires too much reading (don't bother doing it all, she tells you which chapters to know for the tests), asks you to purchase TOO many books (overally they cost me more than $200), and her lectures are absolutely miserable to attend - she just reads out of the textbooks. Terrible class- and I'm an anthro major.
Too many text books for a 100 level class; no visual aid to accompany lectures, lectures sound as if shes reading from a book, most confusing syllabus ever created...might as well have let me guess when work was due. Tests and quizzes multiple choice...questions based on random trivia about different cultures, overall horrible class.
She's not as easy as she used to be. Now she assigns lots of homeworks, and projects. The tests are pretty easy. Don't buy all the books, you'll waste your money! Buy Kottack, Spardley, Robbins, and maybe Haines....the other 2 you'll never need
She is the worst professor I've ever had. She is an absolute moron. She has no idea how to work powerpoint or e-mail and all of her writing is riddled with typos. The class is ludicrously easy, and she treats you like a 4 year old, and gives out the answers to everything. She doesn't listen to questions from students. I like anth, and I have an A+.
seems to care about students, easy class, all tests direct from study guides
Class is pointless and highly disorganized. Sends perpetually annoying emails
helpful in office hours but goes too fast in class, i have trouble understanding him
I hope he is good at research, because he is a horrible teacher.I learned nothin
nice lady, i think she is a bad lecturer, she just stand up there and tells a story. i wish she would have some notes on the board or some power points
Coffey is a nice professor overall and if you need help, he's always willing to help you out. However, his class can be extremely confusing. He tries to teach math in a "new" and "different" way that comes across as scattered and confusing to most people. The lectures don't have much of a point and he doesn't teach much math at all.
so boring! explanations only comfused the class. totally unfair grading policy.
I had burmy for CHEM111 and now i am in CHEM112. His expectations are very clear, and the PSI guide is literally all of the notes and past exams. Study this, A LOT, and your grade will show. You learn and get used to his exams very easily, but they are difficult. the weekly TA sessions help a lot too!! He is a very nice and caring man.
He is a nice guy. However, he is not a good teacher. you don't need the textbook. Make sure you go to the help sessions because that is the only way I have learned anything. You will study forever for test and still get low grades. If you don't have to take this class don't!
He is really old school..I can't stand his teaching and his lectures. I only have been to one lecture this semester, I have learned everything from help sessions/TAs. In general, you will learn a lot because he is so in depth, but his exams are death..and the weekly quizzes don't prepare you for it at all. The curve is the only thing that saved me.
He has changed what is expected of students. The first two exams are normal chemistry, but the last is only five days from the final and he removed all extra credited that was offered to the previous years and instead made it mandatory material. His hand writing is also terrible and he gets off task easily.
He is nice and enthusiastic. The course is easy to learn by yourself. He does not help a lot because his voice is low, and his word is unclear. UD capture is an advantage of his class, so you do not have to go to his every lecture. Overall, if you are smart, it is easy to get a good grade from his class.
Hard exams, do the practice exams. Find someone with old quizzes
i thought the class was ridiculously easy, but the test questions were so irrelevant, and did not test your knowledge on physics at all. Lectures were very boring- he'd repeat the same demo over and over, making everybody fall asleep, and then ask you a specific question about a demo done 2 months ago on the final. I wouldn't take this class again
His accent is hard to understand but the course wasn't bad.
Nice guy, a little difficult to understand because of his Chinese accent, but still the class itself is not hard. He makes it too easy to get an A. Definitely study for the exams, use the his PP slides and book for clarification.
Dr. Fang is the man. He's hard to understand but the class is so easy! If you do the online quizzes and the quizzes at the end of the chapters in the text book before exams, you'll be fine. He gives so much extra credit it's insane AND his diet analysis is much easier than any other teachers. Take this guy.
I think Dr. Fang is an okay teacher. He is very hard to understand because he has a strong accent. Go to class and take good notes because the notes on the powerpoints aren't detailed. Only use the textbook for online quizzes and study those! When you ask him a question, he rambles on a lot He does give us breaks which is nice though.
Try to take another professor. He is very boring and not very clear on the material. I learned hardly anything from him- I had to teach myself. He is a nice guy, just not the greatest teacher. Look into the alternatives!
Very boring and hard to understand.
Horrible english. If your mind drifts for a second your lost.
Funny guy, teaches well and always has a story..
Self paced so it isn't her fault, i am sure she is great. But DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE. Seriously, like the hardest thing ever invented. All memorization of 50 letter words...beware unless you are pre med or wanting an F
FOR EGMT 1540....Plastic Everywhere Cool class, awful professor. She was beyond disorganized and never had anything prepared for class. It was so boring and she was always changing up what we were doing, but if you stick with the class it is an overall esay A. make sure to put effort into your written responses because she is kind of a harsh grader
Fraser is one of the most caring professors I've had so far at UVa. The work load is rough, but it's all for the better. Organic chemistry requires a lot of work and having her guidance is a huge plus. Tests are hard and comments are not too helpful. TA's grade everything and are used as direct references for help. Fraser has good office hours too.
Prof. Fraser is a very nice and pleasant person to talk to. However, her Inorganic Chemistry class is very difficult - mostly due to a serious lack of organization and a big difficulty gap between what's taught in class and what's asked on tests. Teaches basic concepts only to test you on details and extreme cases.
This class is by far THE hardest class at UVA. Proceeding through the chemistry major I have found that the class focused too heavily on the details; much of which we never have seen again in other classes. Life was hell in that class. The only things that keeps you going are the friends you have. Be prepared to get beaten into the ground!
ridiculous!
It's the hardest class I've taken at UVA. She's horribly vague at answering questions but she's okay with the lectures.
I have severe depression and PTSD that I made her aware of. I was missing for a few days because of this and tried to reach out to apologize and create a success plan together. She blatantly ignored me & sent me passive aggressive messages that she would set for me to not be able to reply to. Her lectures are also very boring and often useless.
Total waste of time and taught me nothing. She continuously threatens students with not letting them turn in their final portfolio if you miss more than 4 times even if you do well in the class. Also is a stickler on masks.
She offers a lot of support, however, there is a ton of busy work and unnecessary assignments. The 2 hour class time is always used up and is a waste of time that could better be used towards writing your essays.
her revisions were not what the other profs wanted so I got a C.
take someone else if you intend on learning much
didnt improve my writing at all
I personally never liked Profesor Finicum. She seemed to have a thing against native speakers especially me. I naturally speak fast but not fast enough to the point she should freak out and yell at me to slow down. shes rude to other workers and says slightly offensive comments to other native speakers.
Prof. Finnicum is probably the worst Spanish teacher I've ever had. If you're good at Spanish, are self-motivated, and are a good writer, the class should be easy. If you're still working on your Spanish skills and grammar is a weaker skill for you, don't take the class (at least don't take it with her).
Took her spring semester of last year. The class is supposed to be beginner level but she expects her students to be unrealistically good at pronunciation and grammar. The grading is extremely subjective and harsh and the only reason I received a B was because the TA graded some assignments. Definitely avoid her if you can.
She's really not a bad professor. She follows the syllabus and has clear expectations of what she wants from her students. However, this was a conversation class. We did not converse. We went over homework, memorized speeches, and did exercises with a partner. For a 200 class it would be great, but I wanted my speaking abilities to improve.
Literally avoid her like the plague. Does everything out of the textbook. Her personality is annoying. She made the class painfully dreadful and uninteresting. The entire class was doing exercises from the textbook and she always made us work with partners because she's too lazy to do anything with us.
Finnicumm is a pretty bad teacher. She just does exercises straight from the textbook and does not put any effort into producing her own material. The test are pretty difficult, considering she doesn't really teach in depth. Going to this class 4 times a week was not fun..
I signed up for Spanish Conversation, I got spanish reading comprehension and two minute speech memorization. Not ONCE did we have a class where we actually practiced conversing in spanish, maybe she forgot to read the title of her course. She is disrespectful to students and acts as if she is a middle school teacher.
Although this is Spanish conversation, you never have conversations. You mostly read from a textbook and memorize speeches. It was a semi-easy A but if you are looking to improve your Spanish speaking skills, don't take this class.
She is not demanding by any means. BUT if you want to improve your Spanish by even the slightly measure, do not take her. You can easily get an A or B, but she just reads and does absolutely everything directly out of the textbook. can get quite boring.
Nice lady, but she doesn't really teach. I felt like this class was a big review of what I learned in 107, and I also felt I learned way more in the previous class. Class gets very boring and repetitive, we did nothing but go over the HW and then do countless handouts, all while she makes conversation with the students. Easy but NOT valuable.
She may seem cool when you first meet her, but she becomes a witch when you ask questions or try to go to her office hours. She also doesn't budge on grades. Even if she's wrong on an answer, she won't change it. Take someone else.
This is a difficult class! He belittles you when he calls on you and you have the wrong answer and instead of him helping you he gets upset because you don't understand. HW every week, readings, and hard written exams.
Its a very difficult class. Don't take it if you have any other options. If you do take it go to the linguistic dept and ask for tutoring early on.
The things he teaches are beyond the 101 level, he is not helpful (by any means)..and if he doesn't like you, he'll tear you apart in class. if you're in for a big challenge, go for it.
Tried to teach me my own native language, telling me I was wrong. I don't think so! He wasn't too helpful, and doesn't like to be challenged. Made me not want to participate!
Almost impossible course. Does not want anyone to succeed. Punishes you for not learning subject matter earlier in life. 75% of your class present on first day will drop it by the end. 2 good things: The green dickies, and he learns your name.
The class is perfectly fine; it's just the professor who's a bit of a jerk. If you need help, contact anyone but him and you'll live a happier life.
Cahen is a very unforgiving grader. He is one of the worst teachers i have ever had. I do not recommend taking any classes with him.
not very helpful during the labs
he is soo arogant
Goos person, does care about his students. But must read, pay attention and take notes in class. If you ask for help, he will be there but you have to come to him first. Had only 2 test, midterm and final and only 1 6 page paper, but a pretty hard grader.
Overall, he's a nice guy but he thinks that everyone is interested in the subject, when really... we're just trying to complete one of the goals. The amount of reading we have to do in this class is ridiculous. The exams are okay, but you have to actually dedicate your time and study for them. Ugh this class was terrible. Good luck.
Just retire! Terrible teacher.
Prof Munson LOVES his history but his class is HORRIBLE. For all of you non history majors, stay away! I had FOUR A's and then a D- in his class. Say something? hell yes. It is ridiculously hard unless you actually read the book everyday. good luck!
It is the most difficult course for 2nd year meche. Also, his first few lectures were very difficult to follow and did not make any sense. However, his exam review sessions was really helpful and his exam was not that difficult this year. Tip: watch his videos before exams, make sure you do the hw that is right before exam. TA review*
Professor Roy is very hard to understand. Make sure you go to office hours and clarify things you don't get at first. Don't skip class, because once you fall behind, it's almost impossible to recover.
Just one of those classes you need to suffer through like everyone else. He grades about abstractly as he teaches. If you try to take this class too seriously it will get frustrating. No matter how you do, the work load will prepare you for future classes, and of course always remember to PUT THE TEAM ON YOUR BACK.
I'm just going to say it. Do not take this class if you are lazy or stupid. You will fail. Roy is a great professor, you just have to put in the effort.
Most people really struggled with this class, but I found the material really straightforward, just an extension of physics. His methods definitely take some getting used to and often are way overkill for certain problems, but learn them because he forces you to do test problems his way. Very generous curve.
Like consensus, he is a difficult teacher. He has trouble understanding our difficulties simply because he thinks purely mathematically while most students are visual learners. That said, he still wants his students to do well and once you get used to his methods, you see a lot of brilliance to them. Exams are crazy-curved.
Well, if you have to take MEEG211, you have to take Roy. Theres no way around it. The material itself is rather difficult, thats a fact. The homework takes roughly 5 hours a week depending on what topic its on. The final was probably the hardest exam ever taken. There is a curve however, so as long as you know the majority, you should be fine.
Makes his examples very hard, but says everything is "simple" (w/ French accent)
Took this class after reading that it is pretty straight-forward and an easy A if you put in the effort. This was definitely not the case-- it's really difficult to pay attention to his lectures and certainly not an easy class. Many of my friends who took this class ended up taking it pass/fail
I barely went to class- just read the chapters the night before the tests and did reasonably well. Thuan's accent is a little hard to understand but as long as you are paying attention it shouldn't be a problem. Very nice guy and kind of funny, but a little all over the place. Lectures were not very focused and some of the math came out of nowhere
pretty easy, straight from the book
He knows what he's talking about, but he's hard to understand and the tests are based 100% off what he says in lecture. Don't bother buying the book.
its bad. you can barely understand him. very boring. easy class write what he does and look at him with adoring eyes. very attractive yet don't take the class to get your kicks
You can barely understand what he is saying, because of his asian accent. He is VERY dry, & his lectures are painstaking. His tests are ridiculous & even if you study, his questions are so tricky it doesn't matter. Take the OTHER astr professor who teaches 121. For NO OTHER astr 121 class is it required to take a telescope lab except for this one.
Sounds like Arnold, the only thing worse than his accent is his horrible handwriting.
This class is easy, the guy isn't that hard to understand if you actually go to his class. I feel bad for you if you can't get atleast a B
did not enjoy class, hard to follow
Extremely boring and hard to stay awake in. Hard to understand and makes mistakes then corrects them later, making him confusing. Tests are only on what he teaches, no need for book. Not worth taking if you can avoid it
Very poor grading policy with no communication about students? grades. Majority of homework problems were trivial and did not provide specifics about circuits. The professor presented lectures in a poor fashion and jumped from subject to subject. Overall, the professor did a poor job teaching this subject.
He's a really nice guy, but his class is ridiculously hard. The homework never relates to what is taught in class.. if you can even understand the lecture.
If i were allowed to curse i would
Mrs. Anderson is a mediocre teacher. She makes cool CS topics boring.
I had him at 8 am & his voice was so soothing that it would put me to sleep, then he had me switch to a later class and it was just him. His jokes arent funny, he is always talking about his kids, his quizzes and tests are insane. He teaches more vocab than actual stats. He never answered questions. Irrational grader.
Nice enough guy, buy not super friendly and rarely stays for his office hours. Admitted that he only knew the names of two academic buildings at Elon. Assumes students understand basic math and teaches accordingly; makes you feel so dumb for asking questions.
Dr. Haj is a very nice man and has good intentions but his lectures are unclear and he's very hard to understand.
Haj is actually a pretty funny guy, but difficult to understand. If you study the tests aren't bad, but the class is as boring as his random stories are funny. If you like lectures that make you wanna throw yourself out the window, take this class.
Not very helpful. Not very clear. I am not sure if he is still teaching, and there wasn't a lot of work. It was really boring and not fun.
grades incredibly easily, but is confusing when trying to explain the material
lectures. all test/quizzes are on vocabulary. he's a conservative, so prepare to stand by your opinion if you're liberal. put together a montage about hamlet that he'll talk about endlessly. don't take his class in the morning, will bore you to death.
He's a decent teacher but if you're work is not in exactly on time he will hate you the rest of the semester. He's not at all flexible or understanding, and on top of that he's extremely boring. If you want an intersting class, or if you are a procrastinator, do not take Blake!
I love British Literature, buthe made it terrible. It's an easy class, but listening to him was not worth it. He thinks he knows everything, but he's really not that smart. He just stands up there and tells you simply what the text says and is not very open to discussion or opinion. If you're looking for an easy useless class, go for it.
Despite all the comments of praise, Dr Blake sucks. He expresses his views and if you disagree you are wrong. He makes you write trivial papers that he grades only on grammar, he doesnt even take the time to read it. Other than him being boring and not teaching the class is fine, but those 2 things make it a miserable class. Do not take him!!!
he's a touch boring, so if you don't get a good night's sleep before the class you can get one during class. If you show up and do your work (which is usually only a few papers and exams) then it's an easy grade.
ok
Class was cancelled about half of the time. He is very interesting.
had a solid B in his class until exams. he has a rule, you can't get more than 1 letter grade higher than your highest exam score. if you fail his midterm and final, but do well in labs, you should pass but he'll give you a D no matter what. don't split up half the work with your lab partner, you need to know everything.
Assignments instructions never clear. Intimidating. Set's the bar way too high. Poor interpersonal skills with the students. It's like he expects students to know stuff before he teaches, if that's the case, then why are we students signing up for classes? I got an A because I earned it but he should be more relatable.
Court right is a nice guy and a decent professor. Tests are mostly open ended and you need to apply the information. Read the textbook & take good notes. Do all JMP assignments, they average into a text grade. Material is tough af, basically conceptual statistics. Try your best to take over winter session!!!!! Good Luck.
There's nothing that can be said about Courtright that hasn't already been said, but my advice to you: cushion this class with easier classes. This is a great semester to get your breadths out of the way bc the less you have to focus on other hard classes, the more likely you'll have the brainpower to get through this one. Godspeed, little COMMI.
This is by far the hardest class I've ever had to take. YOU CAN DO IT THOUGH! It's discouraging to read all of these comments. It IS tough, it IS confusing, but if you're persistent about going to office hours he will help as much as he can. Read the book. He gives a little curve at the end, but if you're not taking this for a reason, I wouldn't.
Unless you are a Comm Major, don't take this class. He knows everyone hates his class, he says so often, but he makes no attempt to make anyone like it. He also has a lot of annoying mannerisms, and always says terrible jokes. You MUST read the book (which he wrote) to do well on exams. Do your best to pay attention in class - its hard.
Not as hard as everyone says it is but you HAVE to study and HAVE to read the textbook. You have no hope of passing the test if you don't read the textbook. Also you should go to class, he doesn't take attendance you will do much better if you actually go. He's not my favorite teacher by any means but he does try really hard to help you understand.
Avoid him at all costs
Take Prof. Vagenas
Needs to revamp test bank. The reading is 180 degrees from lecture sometimes....
HARD HARD TESTS, impossible to get good grade, weird sense of humor
He's not as funny as he looks. He's very funny looking. Horrible professor!
NEVER NEVER NEVER TAKE THIS COURSE!
Hard, unclear tester
Very wholesome and sweet guy, but classes were very disorganized and bounced around a lot. The two 2000-word papers were not too crazy, but expecting students to read 80-100 pages of extremely dry (and I mean painfully dry) academic text per class and then write a 200 word reflection each time made for some very boring class discussions.
The content that this course covers is interesting, but professor presents it in a way that is rather complex and jumps right into the lectures without providing a backdrop to allow students to understand what exactly he is reviewing and why it matters. In other words, he can be a bit unclear. Overall, nice personality & prompt in replying to email
Horrible professor. Lectures are pointless, the due dates for assignments always change, and nothing is graded in a timely manner. Overall, class is simple as long as you just do the tedious stuff. Stay on his good said and it's an easy A.
He means well for his students, but cannot teach for his life. Deadlines are vague but flexible and his quizzes are harder than anything he does in class. His final is open note open book though, however it is long and most of the class goes over the 2 hr limit.
INTERESTING MATERIAL, AND I AM SURE HE IS KNOWLEDGEABLE HOWEVER HE IS NOT CAPABLE OF EXPLAINING THE MATERIAL. AVOID IF YOU CAN.
Wilson is difficult to understand and impossible to predict. Buy the book and teach yourself everything. Then print out every past midterm and exam he has on blackboard and work through them. He almost always uses the same essay and algebraic questions. He is brilliant with finance history and should probably be teaching a course in that instead.
The rumors going around make him seem like a monster, which he is not. He is just a disorganized goof. Make sure to ask him for old quizzes bc he will forget. If you know how to do those probs, you will do fine. Go to office hours or stay and chat, it will help your grade. The solution manual is available to buy on amazon! HUGE CURVE!
He's definitely not as awful as some people say. Study the old quizzes he sends out and you'll be fine. Try to get the HW from someone who has already taken the class, this is key. Put a decent effort into the paper. He's really a nice guy, but his lectures have nothing to do with what you're tested on.
Interesting lectures, but his exams do not cover what is covered in his lectures. Very difficult.
Bringing down my GPA. Lectures are all over the place.
He teaches you a lot, but not necessarily what you are tested on. Interesting experience and you have to take him so try to get the tests ahead of time.
Prof. DeYoung is a very smart man, but he tries to show off how smart he is. He offers help to you, but when you go in he makes you feel stupid. He intentionally makes exams harder than needed, knows he does this, then continues to tell you it should have been easy. Overall this prof. Is not that great and I would recommend any other prof.
Dr. Bartz is GREAT for AT lab. She has a ton of experience and is super nice! She's so caring and super fun to be around. This being said, I do not recommend her for an online class. The worksheets took easily 30 min if not more and were worth 1-2 points. Not very clear on instructions. Definitely take for lab, DO NOT take for online lecture.
You can tell that she is an upper level athletic training professor. When she is presenting, she does a lot of referring to other body parts/location that she doesn't test on. She is terrible at e-mailing and getting your assignments graded. Her feedback is unhelpful and grades ridiculously hard on abstracts. If not going into AT, don't take her
This professor is very informed when it comes to first hand experience and is enthusiastic but I found her lectures dull and not very helpful. You have no idea what to study for the exams and its a lot of material. She is a very tough grader and seems to pick favorites. I don't feel as if I have learned much but gives lots of extra credit.
dr. bartz really is passionate about spreading athletic training awareness to her students and makes class interesting with her stories. but she is very picky and inconsistent when it comes to abstracts just memorize apa. also does a poor job of announcing deadlines/assignments/test dates in class. over all a good prof though
An ok teacher for this class at least
plays favorites, hard grader
She is very picky about the little things. SHe is a really nice person, but i feel that she needs to be more specific with her assignments.
very hard class...study lots, very picky about answers for tests
he's awkward
This class is HARD!
does not care what you think of him and he does not care if you learn anything or not. a very poor teacher/role-model.
Demeans his students on a contiual basis. Says upfront that he will not, no matter what, give anyone an A. How do you work with someone as stiff as that?
We seem to be an afterthought
This class is ridiculous if you are a mature adult. Every day you sing songs and dance. You learn how to teach movement lessons throughout the whole semester. She stresses the importance of teaching movement in the classroom. Attendance is mandatory and the class gets old after the first month. I would not recommend this class to anyone.
Lectures are not mandatory, only discussions are. She gives power points during lecture, but they are very bare outlines and you have to actually listen to take better notes. The textbook readings were sometimes more helpful than going to the lectures. Put forth a decent effort on papers because there are only a couple graded assignments.
This class is terrible/stressful. Mohun's lectures are somewhat interesting because she speaks as if she is telling a story, but her power points are very vague. Most of the notes must be taken from what she is saying. The TA is an extremely harsh grader. She expects too much from her students. If you want to take an easy class THIS ISN'T IT.
lots of reading, lots of writing, lots of info. to retain, tough grader
boring lectures don't always follow outline, but material is easy,
Hardest paper grader ever. Grades worse then my english teacher. Not fair at all
too much work, ta grading not fair, lectures too much than needed for test
she is totally boring, but the work is relatively easy - WAY a lot of writing!!!
Easy work, but boring and time consuming
The tests are easy, but there is way too much work to do and she talks too fast!
Good professor, but the online homework and reading I really dislike. The wording on it is horrible and the tests are worded confusedly. The online homework and online reading assignments are extremely time consuming and dreadful.
Biby is a good person, but as a professor she struggles. How she does notes and lectures are horrible. She gets sidetracked easily. She reads off slides very fast, and doesn't post them anywhere to review. One group project, 4 tests, homework every week or so on MindTap. She is extremely available for help, though. Get help for InfoLit assignment.
Class was extremely useless and boring. I never went and still managed an A. The homework is all online. Class is just powerpoints that she reads from, doesn't do much for learning. If you read the book and come to get the test review this class is cake. Not a very good prof though.
Very nice lady, but talks a LOT though. Stopped using powerpoints halfway through the semester, making the lectures hard to follow. Used a book she wasnt familiar with due to a last minute staff change. The exams are kind of hard to study for from the lectures, but the assignments are easy and there is extra credit available. Had better, had worse.
Though the class is relatively easy and she's decent to listen to, her tests tend to be kind of hard and off-topic. She grades with a lot of opinion in her, and she tends to get off-topic. Guaranteed, she will tell you about her shoes.
Very disappointed with her teaching style...quite spacy and did not know the information well enough to be teaching a 400 level Econ course.
Not very clear on expectations for term paper. Test are easy as long as you read the book and pay attention. Show up to class and you'll do well.
Fast paced, makes numerous mistakes in class
Sweet lady but cant teach
I think he is the most boring professor I've ever had, and he never ever shutsup
Professor Thorpe is a nice guy, but a terrible teacher. He teaches at a much higher level than what is needed for an introductory bio class. You never know what to expect on tests either.
not a very reliable professor.
Good guy but has a very strange teaching style. Always goes on rants and talk about random stuff during lectures that like make you go "Wait, what?". OL tests make things easier but be ready to teach yourself everything from reading the textbooks and practicing with quizlet or mastering HW.
He is a nice guy but when it comes to teaching he is awful. You have to teach yourself the material before you come to class and then he just "goes over it". I went to every lecture for the most of the semester but my grade went up after I stopped going. Quizzes are hard and nobody knew what was going on. Made bio way harder then it should be.
Professor Thorpe kept his class mostly online this semester, which made it challenging. The lectures were not very helpful as he reads off the slides and posts the powerpoints on BB. I find this class works best when you skip lecture and read chapters from the book at home.
The class was difficult to begin with but Professor Thorpe was unable to "dumb" it down for us. His lectures went too fast for me and I could not comprehend.
Professor Thorpe is a very smart and nice guy but not the best professor at all. His tests are so much harder than all of the other Bio classes, and your grade is heavily based on the tests. His notes are just slides and he doesn't do a very good job of explaining them. If you are not good at learning on your own I do not recommend taking his class
Absolutely awful! Tests are extremely difficult, no matter how hard you study. All of my friends had different professers for bio 120 and they all are doing great in this class.
MAJOR SCATTER BRAIN, first day of class i was so confused but the class got easy as time went on. He was super helpful outside of class. Easy A for sure.
He is the kind of guy you hate but like. He wrote the book so is not very helpful, thinking that everyone already knows what to do for the lab. Quiz every week, which he grades very weird, making it hard to get an A in the class. I would suggest staying clear of him unless you absolutely love Biology
Nina is a great and inspiring professor. She really got me more focused on music, and opened up a new world to me. However, she is extremely flakey, and does not return assignments in a timely fashon. Otherwise, she is a one of a kind professor who you will enjoy immensly. Make sure to speak to her often, as you will get more out of the course
very critical
Super boring. Don't take this class unless you love birds.
Has no sense of humor really and kind of boring...not a big fan of having fun in the field.
Good Luck. You will need it b/c studying isn't going to be enough
Overall Kevin is very knowledgeable. But, it's one thing to know something it's another to be able to communicate effectively to the students. THAT is where a majority of the confusion and dislike comes from. His wife is also VERY involved in the class and that creates more aggravation, confusion, and stress more than the actual class.
Nice guy, but has a hard time communicating his knowledge.
bancroft is awesome!!
RUN!!!! run and dont look back. hes very knowledgable but he expects too much for a 100 level class
Tests are openbook but hard. Talks too much-not any easy GenEd. Labs ok if you read some of book. He can't lecture-very boring and disorganized! Don't need to go to lectures-don't learn anything. Doesn't use Blackboard much. Try to avoid!!
Quite disorganized,students don't really listen,duration of lecture is always not enough for Kevin.Really tough tests,but open-book.
Do not take this class for an easy Gen Ed. Test are crazy but Labs are OK. VERY HARD.
Tests are very hard! His Labs are good though!
Totally boring! Assignments are VERY time consuming and confusing!
Weirdo, tons of homework, Exams R Ok, talks about nothing, boring
Impossible instructor. Don't bother studying. Kind of funny though.
Looks like Greg Brady
study the even #'s, the ones that you wouldn't think would be on the test.
I am a 3.2 GPA and I thought that this was the hardest class ever. Do not take!
Word of the wise, DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!!! Lectures boring and tests impossible.
Doesn't teach material. Homework/tests impossible. DO NOT TAKE
He likes to show off how smart he is, talks over student's heads.Hard tests!!
He seems like a nice enough guy, but he simply cannot teach.
The only thing that matters is the homework. Tests are over homework
Environmental Geology is supposed to be interesting...Cole is out in left field!
Lectures very boring and has nothing to do with tests.
To many questions for a 50mn. test. Many slides, 0 field trips. Bad study guides
Don't be fooled--this is NOT an improv class like it says in the description. You work on the same scene from the same play all semester. It's not as fun as it could be, but it IS easy if you can show up to class (which you eventually only have to do 1 out of the 3 days), learn lines, and write non-rhyming 10 sentence poems.
You do have to actually do some work for this class, but the written stuff is all easy. He's not incredibly helpful with the performances. Just says to "get in it" all the time and doesn't actually give much advice on how to improve. It's a good class for improving public speaking and confidence in front of people though.
Worst grad class I've taken. Some interesting discussions, but her syllabus nor rubrics matched our class. First class I didn't get an A in. No feedback until final grades. I got nothing out of the class.
You meet at an elementary school and the first half of class consists of her rambling about things that do not matter. the second part consists of tutoring little kids. if you like tutoring little kids then take her, if not... STAY AWAY! she is very strict with the papers due. if your papers dont improve through the year, it hurts your grade more
she was very knowledgeable in her field and had many stories about her past teaching experiences. but when it came to expectations and assignments she was so unclear on what she wanted. and when we went to other schools to get classroom observation hours everything was really unorganized. i'm neutral when it comes to the class. i believe she co
just try to avoid her if at all possible, I wanted to get so much out of the class and was completely let down by her efforts.
very nice lady. not specific AT ALL on assignments. she is on a different level of thought than many people and thinks that she is right and that is that. she grades too subjectively. great guest speakers.
I took this class expecting it to be easy. She grades really tough and there is a lot of writing. I thought I did really well on things and received critical feedback
She is VERY vague in her instructions for EVERYTHING. So you never know what is going on or what she expects. But she takes you for walks outside and cancels class all the time just so you can go walk outside by yourself, so there's that. Also, don't buy her course pack, it's a waste of money.
This was the worst class I have ever taken at GVSU. She was rude and hard to understand.If you said something she disagreed with she hated you and ostracized you as a student.They really need to do something with her. The whole class complained how she made no sense.
We spent the last month of class listening to nothing but presentations by the students. The other times, bored through long and tedious powerpoint presentations. Easy grader though.
Nice lady but horrible class. I didn't learn anything. The whole class was taught by students, never onced opened the books she had us buy. Tests were just memorizing where the answer was( 1 is A, 2 is C etc.)because the tests were word for word the review guide.
DO NOT TAKE HER! Didn't teach us anything, students taught via presentations. Picky grader. Not an "easy A". Loads of work compared to other professors. Sarcastic and rude, interupts presentations.
She doesn't teach the material I expected, it's mostly a NRM/GEO class, I was disappointed. She's very unclear on difficult concepts without illustrating them. She knows her stuff, but isn't great at communicating it. Great lady, though.
Hard to understand and scatterbrained lectures. Terrible Terrible Terrible.
I found her fairy easy to understand, easy exams, powerpoint lectures, easy
Very hard to understand, take notes and you'll pass the class
hard to understand, expectation unclear, lectures scattered thoughts
Every lecture involved a vido. Very unclear. Very unorganized.
I would not recommend taking her
Professor is extremely condescending to students and fairly rude in general. Cant say I learned very much in this class which is very disappointing considering the amount of reading assigned. AVOID THIS PROFESSOR IF POSSIBLE!
Classes are like meetings; she is your boss. Grading is tough on papers, be happy if you get an 86%.
She tells you what you were supposed to write for an assignment after the assignment is already due. She calls on you out of nowhere but if you don't say what she wants, she will stare at you and treat you like an idiot. She also makes you feel dumb when you e-mail her and ask her questions. DO NOT take her.
She is very knowledgable of international business and has a lot of experience. She expects you to be prepared and is a hard grader, but helpful if you need it. Only had one test, finals was a group presentation.
This tiny woman has the ability to intimidate anyone! She is very arrogant and will totally bash you if you say something she doesn't agree with. She thinks that she has all the answers. Her tests are all essay..so study! Lots of readings...but overall easy class. Just boring. And yes, be prepared to be called on. She prints out name cards.
Not helpful when you ask for guidance. Exams were extremely difficult to complete in time given.
Group project bites! Expected to know everything about exporting- she tells you nothing but asks hard questions @ presentation. You are expected to follow her ways- just accept what she says as "fact" until class is over.
For an int'l course, prof has severe negative stereotypes about other cultures. Also seems to have unfair biases towards certain students. Isn't real friendly to talk to for help either. Makes you feel you are wasting her "valuable" time.
Class is pointless after midterm b/c no final exam. Case studies are ridiculous. Group project is too long & complex for the amount of time she gives you to present.
Visited in office - NOT helpful, a lot of work, RUDE, avoid her at all costs
goes very fast, i had no music background so was very cunfused, had to get tutor
very unorganized, I wouldnt advise it Lots of unfair listening tests!
Beethoven would be confused!
get a new prof!!!!!!
RUN AWAY!!! 12 yrs in music and can't understand in the least!!
Seemed very prejudiced against whites. Has to learn to be more tolerant of her white students. Blames white students for failed class projects. Needs to be more tolerant of different reaces.
I thought she was nice but there is alot of work. One thing I learned in that class and it will go with me the rest of my life! "Never act like your personal experiences gives you a right to judge others!!"
She certainly isn't afraid to express her presonal views and she has lots of interesting stories and experiences. However, she doesn't seem to care too much about exploring both sides of an issue. The tone she sets for the class discourages participation unless you agree w/ her.
All she talked about was how it only took her 40 years to get her masters.
Absolutely terrible class. You have to do SO much reading, and she's such a difficult teacher. She expects you to know what she's talking about even when you haven't learned about it yet. Not recommended.
The course required A LOT of reading. The lectures were not very engaging and I lost interest fairly quick, so I stopped going to class and got a C+. She gives quizzes at the end of almost every week, so don't miss fridays.
For classical world civ. she seemed to have EXTREMELY high expectations of students. She blazed through material and then acted as though every student understood, analyzed, and retained what she said. Very hard grader and seems to want to make everything unnecessarily difficult. I liked the class, didn't like her.
Good Prof. Class involves way too much reading. Ask lots of questions and participate and it will help you. Easy class, 2 exams, and 5 quizzes. Take if you like reading ALOT!
Do not take! I enjoyed mythology so I took this class but she makes it a bad experience. Instructions are not clear and she assumes you know as much as her. She strikes down views she does not agree with. What everybody has said about favorites is absolutely true as well. If you can avoid this professor then do so!
I don't recommend. She has a very annoying speech problem where she says "et" or something every so many words and "uh" a lot. She acts like she's better then everyone because she is so learned in Greek. Yes she is knowledgeable but she assumes you know everything she's talking about - which is not true for everyone.
Incredibly irritating stutter. Passionate about Greek stuff, but grades really hard because she thinks students must be too. Be prepared for her 4 500 word essays and final-very difficult, extremely hard grades! Sometimes helpful, sometimes could care less and obstinate, esp when you disagree with her
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU ARE AN HONORS KID! plays favorites, gives little help, a lot of reading, papers with no direction and too high expectations. Haven't had a teacher ruin my love for a subject since junior year in high school, love mythology but I loathed this teacher...
Definitely plays favorites in her classes. She's not one to help you out if you don't already have an excellent grasp of the material. Nice lady, but not one to help those who actually need it. Plus, if you can't answer a question when she calls on you, she can be very condescending.
She knows her stuff, and she explains it fairly well. However, she can be condescending and mean, intimidating, and she plays favorites. If you take her, make sure you are ALWAYS prepared to answer questions, or you'll pay!
Takes favorites, borderline feminist, insulted me in one of my papers. AVOID!
She chose favorites and made unneeded rude comments to others
This professor is absurd. He doesn't know how to teach a class. I am appalled he is allowed to be a professor. Don't take a class with him unless you don't care about learning the material, and enjoy doing lots of pointless, busy work.
Love that you don't have to go to class if you get your assignments done and correct ahead of time. Hate that most of the quiz/test questions and projects were difficult to understand what he was asking. If you struggle with programming, you might have to work a bit to get an A in this class. And such.
This class is super easy. Assignments are simple, tests and quizzes are open book and can be taken several times. He's not very helpful if you have a question on an assignment. Really boring, but super easy.
This class is super easy, but if you have a question don't ask the teacher. He won't be able to answer it. Ask one of the student assistants. This teacher makes the class almost impossible to fail, but he doesn't know what he is doing.
Don't buy the books if you have half a brain or more. This guy wasn't quite sure how to answer questions. The software that is used to run the program is very picky and he wasn't always sure of the right way to go about finding the correct answer. Not a bad guy, though.
Instructor doesn't teach at all. I am in his class right now at Ferris. We come in and present whatever we were told to the week before. Then he tells a story. That's followed up with a quiz for which there is no lecture and then we leave. Don't do Business Admin at FSU-GR. Its been a big waste of money!!! This is my last semester. :-D
Great, easy-going guy! Good to talk to. Doesn't really teach you anything, at least anything useful. Doesn't care if you show up to class. Tries to put humor in class, but is terrible at delivery. Doesn't mind if you bring a computer to class; I recommend doing so and doing homework so you don't have to listen to him
This class was a joke. As a person he is alright but as a professor he isent that good. I floated through the hole class and in the end was bumped from a B- to an A-.
WORST TEACHER I HAVE EVER HAD!! THE GOOD THINGS THOUGH....HE NEVER TOOK ATTENDENCE AND ALL THE HOMEWORK WAS ON WEBCT:) I RECOMMEND JIM LINDSEY FOR ANY COMPUTER CLASS...CUZ MYNTI SUCKS ASS!
Absolute worst teacher i ever had. He says correct and n'such all hour long. Very boring...One plus no attendance policy.
teach yourself java! (not fun)
Im not a math person at all but needed the class and ended up dropping it because he was no help at all. He basically wants you to learn it on your own and gives horrible examples and explanations. He always gets off topic and answers questions indirectly. If you are not a math person, definitely think about taking another professor.
All I have to say is that he should have stayed retired. Nice guy, but for a lecture class he gives horrible notes. When you ask him questions he does not answer them directly and gets extremely off topic all the time ! I need good examples and notes to learn, if you're like me do not take the class. You're pretty much on your own with him !
what a strange old man, his lectures are always strange, you never know if he is going to really teach or just talk about life in general. His tests aren't bad because he gives you a "pretest" which is pretty close to actual test. Make sure you buy the calculator he buys, cause he cannot explain things well, unless you have the calculator
This old dude talks to fast, and actually he was retired, but he came back for part time. His test are accumulate. :-(
Class isn't that difficult. The concepts are easy and the practice problems at the end of the chapters are basically whats on the exam. Teacher is useless though.
This guy issue's a CD with no instruction on how to use it. He just isn't a very good instructor. I feel a good instructor is able to abapt there teaching style to his students but this ass is not that type.
I don't agree with all of the negative comments. He's more cut out to teach at a university rather then a C.C. because he's not very personal and has no tolerance for idiots. His accent is strong but his presentations were clear and really enhanced the reading material. He really knows his stuff. His CD has a lot of good info., but it's a mess.
He's not very approachable. He's a smart guy who knows what he's talking about but doesn't have a good method of relaying what he knows to the class. Has an unpleasant demeanor which makes the class unenjoyable. He'd be better suited at a university rather than a community college. I'd recommend a different teacher.
Lazy professor. If you assign 10 years worth of information and simply tell people to look in the material, thats lazy. Sure you can compile a document that covers anything that might ever happen if you don't want to participate but it's completely unfair. I will ace this class like all others but I definately won't be inspired. Please retire soon.
So far very easy class, but you don't get taught anything besides following basic directions (which he complicates by explaining in long, slow, loud, rambling monolouges). He always tells everyone to "think" but does not enable any thought process in the class beyond watching movies and handing out magazine articles. No tests, only projects.
Weglarski might be a bit boring, and cocky, but he is much more then fair, and does a great job in relating the examples in class to the real world. If you read the chapters and do the assigned work it will be a breeze. The amount of extra credit that is possible on his tests is enough to get an A on its own...without tests!!! Highly reccomended!!
Tests were not easy..lot's of trick questions. This instructor likes to hear himself speak and doesn't like student participation...seems irritated at questions. He's hard to understand, sarcastic and thinks all his students are 18 and just out of HS...seems fixated on mentioning "rave" parties.
This guy is the 3rd worst teacher of all time. The things he was saying didnt even make sense and how any one can pass this class I have no idea. I would recommend you get a different teacher, he is too hard. The worst thing about this teacher is he is the spitting image of doctor evil! BEWARE!
I took her online class and failed. I have never before in my life failed a class, but this one was nearly impossible to understand. It was extremely unorganized and you had so much confusing work thrown at you all at one time. If you have to take this class make sure you take it with another professor.
WHATEVER YOU DO DONT TAKE THIS HORRIBLE CLASS! SAVE YOURSELF, IM ALREADY SCCRREEEWWWED!!!!
i took her 8 week online class. the work is easy but time consuming. depending on your computer proficiency, expect to spend 12-20 hours of work each week to complete the assignments.
Organic Chemistry 100% online. I am self-disciplined and studied non-stop. The material in the exams were sometimes foreign to what we were taught in notes and practice. The most stressful class I have ever taken as well as the most difficult exams, made purposely hard. Only the strong survive.
I had Witucki during covid and strictly online. She seems very enthusiastic but she was not helpful. She was rude to many students through email through out the semester. Quizzes and exams are structured to trick you. I don't know about in person but do not take her if you have online orgo. I am normally an A/B student-ill be lucky to pass.
Orgo is awful to begin with. You never use the book and theres occasionally a quiz on a friday. Almost all points come from exams, which are crazy hard. Get ready to dedicate your life to orgo. Somewhat helpful in office hours.
She is a new teacher, not very clear on what is important. Do not take her!
I don't dislike her as a person. She is caring, and will read the drafts of assignments before they are do. However, she will assign 50 pages of reading PER CLASS, for 3 classes a week. This is an ungodly amount of reading for any class, especially what is considered a 3 credit intro class. Additionally, all information is needed to do the exams.
Professor Stephenson cares about her students doing well, and is a nice lady but her teaching is very fast and sporadic. She talks SO FAST where you can't keep up, always goes over class time, and sometimes you have to stay 15 mins after to finish quizzes. You also have to watch lots of videos outside of class, sometimes over an hour.
Professor Stephenson was not the best professor; however, she was nice and cared about her students. This class had lots of homework, and her tests were very difficult, so managing your time is important. Her lectures were a bit confusing, but she gives out extra credit and if you read the textbook and study hard, you will do fine in this class.
She relies heavily on videos that are outdated and she didn't teach a whole lot in class. She has quizzes pretty much every week with a tight time limit but you can use notes. The exams can be tough but you can use your notes too. She's a harsh grader so be meticulous. I would recommend going to office hours and doing the extra credit every week.
Professor Stephenson is a person! But as a professor was extremely hard. See expects you to watch and retain all the knowledge from the countless amounts of videos that are posted and then expects you to have a full understanding of the content for the quiz later in the same week. There is also very little leeway in her grading. Avoid this class!
Quite honestly, shes only getting a 2 star because theres extra credit and a checklist of what you need to do. But with that being said, the weekly checklists consist of youtube videos and poor quality videos she makes at home that make basically zero sense. Shes an okay lady, but her ability to teach online is very subpar. Dont risk your time.
Daily quizzes with 5 minutes to complete them at best. Often is late to class, and usually goes over. Avoid if math isn't your strong suit or if you aren't organized. You teach yourself the material using a ton of different sources, and she often words questions/expectations poorly. DO ANY AND ALL EXTRA CREDIT - there's a lot and it's grade-saving!
This class was not good. Expect a TON of homework and mandatory labs that take forever. Expect every class to do nothing at the beginning and in the last 5 minutes try to learn the most important topics. She grades super crazy, but she has a grader do it so a lot of times its inaccurate. I am going to get an A in the class only because there is EC
She wants her students to succeed, but that doesnt mean she makes it easy. Stats content is already hard and her explanations were sub-par; which made it harder. All group quizzes and weekly EC opportunities. Still, I got a D-. Retook with a different prof who explained things MUCH better and got an A-Good explanations > extra credit points.
This teacher is one of the most disorganized teachers I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing. She doesnt send out assigned homework until the night before class, then expects you to have it done that next day. Shes friendly, but doesnt know how to organize assignments, and wont keep track of grades for you on blackboard.
Absolutely the worst!! She thinks stats is the greatest thing in the world when it's not. She doesn't teach and expects you to spend all your time on her class only. Lots of extra credit but exams are HARD and she is a very picky grader. Stay away at all costs.
Terrible.
The only way I survived this class was through the extra credit. She goes through material insanely fast and makes you learn by yourself for the most part. She's a super nice lady but I would not recommend her as a prof. There is a TON of extra credit opportunities. If you don't take advantage of them, you probably won't get a good grade.
This professor is very confusing. She talks extremely fast and doesn't make herself clear. If someone asks a question she explains it the same way over again. Her office hours were semi helpful but overall I wouldn't take this class. And she talks about her ratings on ratemyprofessor on the first day of class. I would take someone else.
She's super kind, funny, and there for you when you need it. But god damn, this class makes you work for it. Don't miss a day, and do the homework, or else you will not pass. This is not a class you can flake out on.
Do NOT take this course. You will be very unsatisfied with the grade you receive in equivalent to the amount of effort you put in to the class. Tests are very difficult, she throws pop quizzes around like crazy, and she sends out a ton of emails with hw to do the night before the class. This class is a pathetic representation of GV's quality.
Stephenson is by far the hardest teacher I have had at GVSU. She does want you to succeed but she is too hard of a grader. Take a better and easier Prof.
Professor Stephenson is the hardest professor I have had so far and it is exhausting trying to stay up to pace in her class, she rushes through a chapter just to get through a class. You will practically live in the stats center because the class is so hard. Do NOT take with Stephenson
When you click that button during course registration to register for her course, you might as well head to the stats center immediately and pitch a tent with a semesters supply of food and resources in it because you are going to live in the stats center. Very unclear teaching style and tends to send an email the night before class with hw to do
Absolutely horrendous! Late to class almost every day which is very disrespectful. Took forever to grade/hand back assignments and tests. Unclear about test expectations. TOUGH grader. GPA killer, seriously she'll hand it to you in a jar. If you must take this prof. make sure you take it Credit/No Credit STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS!!!
Prof Stephenson is a very nice lady and will give you help when you ask...But she is very unclear about expectations and the tests are almost impossible! Shes a really hard grader!!
One of the worst professors ive had in my college experience. Her office hours were 7-8AM once a week?!?! and she answered e-mails 3 days later. Never posted any grades on BB. Never showed up the day before an exam. If you are not able to teach urself. dont take this class. It a waste of your time and a distruction to your GPA !
Very hard grader, and unclear about expectations. Hard to pay attention to, seems insecure. She doesn't seem to care about her job or any of the students and was usually unprepared, late, and didn't have assignments or tests graded on time. And she handed back assignments DURING our final exam :(
Horrible teacher, doesn't explain anything, especially the SPSS, makes you analyze way to much, is always late for class, and we almost always go over in time. HORRIBLE!!!!
Unorganized. Can't explain things very well.
Evil, awful, evil, awful, evil, awful!!!!
Very scattered, confusing lectures, imposible tests
She is hard to follow and is unclear. Rushes when you ask for help.
Grrrr.... grades evilly. No matter how hard you try, you can't get above a C.=o(
The class is boring. He gives you only a week to do an 8-9 page paper - one of them being during halloween weekend. SO MUCH READING, hundreds of pages a week which you need to do in order to do the papers and response papers. I should have dropped the class like half the people did during the first week.
Pretty tough class. ALOT of reading, over 100 pages a day. Three papers = 75% of your grade, 8 one page response papers. Lectures were boring. TA, Stocksdale was not helpful and unclear about grading. I do not recommend.
nice guy but omg. he lectures like he knows wut hes talking about and so do you. I was typeing my notes and couldnt keep up. did math over 300 pgs a day if u did all the reading. responce papers r pointless and a week to do 10pg papers during the semester is insane. dont let u bs at all. all facts. bibas was ta. she said no As well she worst ta eve
Terrible class for 100 level. Although i did not need to in the end, assigned readings averaged over 100 pages per week! total of 4 grades; 2 essays(8-9 pgs), about 10 response papers(1-2 pgs), and final exam paper (10-12 pgs). Only gave 10 days to complete each essay. No rubric for grade given on essay, simply a letter grade at end.Lectures borin
Very difficult teacher....assigns a lot of reading and grades harshly. Worked very hard and could only get a C....take someone else
good TA = good grade. No tests or final. Just 3 papers, 10 pgs each.
I wanted to give him a good rating so bad. He is nicest person I've ever met, he is helpful, kind, and he cares about his students. He is hilarious to listen to in class too. Sadly, his lectures are very confusing and all over the board and he makes it impossible to get an A. He grades book reports and exams strictly and his quizzes are confusing.
This professor hated giving good grades to students for some reason. His explanations for why he graded the way he did made no sense at all.
Professor Shang is an amazing person outside of the classroom, but I struggled so much in this class. He lectures every day and it's so unorganized and messy. What he writes on the board makes zero sense so I had to read the book and teach myself. SO many papers and tough grader. Not very many grades so do well in the beginning of the semester!!
Professor Shang was a very nice guy, his class was hard to take. Very little communication between students and him. I never really knew what we were learning exactly and his exams and quizzes were quite difficult. Not a hard class, but I didn't learn much during the semester.
I could hardly understand what he was saying or talking about during lectures it often felt like he was off topic and I did not learn much in this class. I had to teach myself everything outside of class. You wrote 3 papers and so multiple quizzes and 1 group project. The midterm and final are all handwritten.
Nice man, he has a heavy accent and spends his lecture times talking. It can be very boring, but if you attend all classes, do well on take home quizzes, and book reports and you will do fine in the class. There is also a group presentation.
Difficult to understand during lecture, but students do group presentations that are very helpful. Take home quizzes and written tests.
Lectures are pretty boring, especially because he often doesn't lecture on what we're going to be tested on. Other days were really interesting with group discussions. If you read the book you'll be alright. He actually cares about the students and will help if you ask.
Hard to understand. Very difficult tests and papers. Very hard grader.
Nice guy who is hard to understand. tests and papers are not very difficult. Focus on book and not his teachings and you will do fine in his class
I had a difficult time trying to stay awake in this class. He is a very nice guy but struggles with teaching. He doesnt know some of the material so asking for help is useless. Theres a group presentation where you have to lead a class discussion on a chapter. For exams he gives a list of terms and you have to write a page for each.
Means well, but does not know how to teach. A colossal waste of time. Avoid!
Quiet and lectures sometimes boring. He is very knowledgable on the field and a fun guy. Very easy going.
Extremely hard to understand him. Hes classes are very very boring, he shows all notes on the bored, in very weird ways, do not take his class unless you are ready for a lot of work. Difficult.
He was hard to understand and the class was very boring. He is very fair though. We only had a midterm, final, and one paper. The other assignments were extra credit. He wants you to do well and helps you get there.
Shang is very intelligent and knowledgeable on the subject matter, however, he is very difficult to understand. He has trouble presenting the topics and sparking discussion. While I tried to get interested in this class, it is very difficult and boring.
Super nice guy. Class was more on the boring side until we started the presentations. In order to do well just come to class and memorize facts on philosophers and their theories. He has a tendency to explain things in a very complext manner, but they were never as hard as he made them out to be. Overall, not a bad class.
Wow; i've never a professor as boring. I had no idea what he was talking about. But he doesnt take attendence and grades incredibly easy
The class IS boring, but Shang is the nicest guy!
if you could bottle his class up in a pill, it would cure insomnia worldwide
Very poor at lectures. Dont take this prof!!!!!!!!!!
The only thing in the grade book are exams. The exams are mostly free response, and he looks for very specific responses, if you dont respond with exactly what he wants he is a very harsh grader. His lectures are repetitive and scattered and not in an order that makes sense. I dont recommend him.
Very boring lectures that you will fall asleep in. Grades hard on essay portion of tests. Memorize your notes on the arguments in class. Do not take his class if you need an upbeat learning environment.
This class sucks. So so boring and way to tough of a grader for a GE. Mandatory to take notes.
One of the most boring classes I have ever taken!! This class should have only lasted half a semester b/c the whole thing is REPETITIVE. You sit through group presentations every wednesday and no one pays attention, not even the teacher! The only good thing about this class is you get to make a "cultural fair" booth for kids. yikes.
Many people in my class think this is a pointless and useless class... also boring... so many people had so many absences ! She is nice, but sometimes hard to understand or follow.
a little unorganized, quick to respond to e-mails, fair grader although he has his favorites. learned a lot but theres def easier classes to take as a ge
esoteric, arrogant, pompous,
If you can read minds then this is your teacher. It's his way or the highway
don't ever argue....merits an F
The only main problem I have is that a lot of the links to website readings were not available. Also, whenever I would email him, he would take almost 3 days to respond. I feel like this screwed my grade up because I couldn't access those links until last minute when he finally made them accessible/fixed them.
He's an okay guy. Half of the websites/links for the readings were inaccessible and he seemed to have an attitude about it when I'd email and let him know. Other than that, just read every chapter following along with the study guides, do every TD and writing assignment and you should be good. The tests are super long so study a lot.
I'm so happy I had this for a summer class, I wouldn't have been able to work with him for a full semester. If you don't have the same view/opinion as him you get points taken away, when he asks you for your view/opinion. This course is basically how Christianity and catholic was introduced and who interpreted it.
STAY AWAY! Worst class I've had so far at EMU. Tests are confusing. Impossible to get full credit on any paper. Class consumed all of my free time and ruined my 4.0 GPA. If you are taking this class as an elective find something else. I took the online version, maybe he would've been better in person.
He was a good lecturer, but the course itself was terrible. He was the only reason to go to class.
Professor Shichtman is fun to listen to when he lectures, but it was a large class and he didn't help too much. It was an okay class, but a lot of reading.
HORRIBLE teacher. if you are a girl in the class you will do just fine. two people cheated on the first exam had the same exact test the girl got 50/50 the guy 36/50. his grading is all over the place. all he does is talk and the work assigned has nothing to do with the class. take someone else if you can
awful prof! fails to explain things, especially with the final project. he kept contradicting himself while trying to explain it.
This guy is full of crap. Tests are ****, full of tricks.
THIS PROFESSOR IS HORRIBLE! DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH THIS PROFESSOR!! His tests are sooo hard hard that it doesn't matter if you study or not. Plus, he's an a**! It seems as if he thinks that everyone should know everything. He also makes people feel stupid and drags things way to far. Don't take this class with him!
Seemed to brag about himself a lot which got annoying. The tests were hard, didn't matter if I studied or not, cause I would do bad anyways, and there wasn't much else that could bring your grade up.
nice guy, easy grader. lots and lots of work. don't need the book, and there are no real tests, only writing assignments. i did not take cj300 and i got an A in this class.
He seems nice at first.....dont let him fool you!! He's a stickler for...well...everything!!
Material is easy, and seems like an easy class until the tests which are FILL IN THE BLANKS, and if you dont have his words exactly, you're wrong. Boo! Reading power point slides makes lectures boring and time feel wasted. You'll live if you have nothing else to do with THREE HOURS of your time.
I had to take this class for an honors science credit, and it was the worst thing I could have done. As much as Prof Wilson is a very nice man, and very passionate about his field, I didn't enjoy him as a prof. He doesn't explain the content or his expectations very well. He's also very unorganized and takes forever to explain anything.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. All of his lectures are just him explaining pictures and he just blabs about his research. Long weekly readings that are so boring. No preparation for midterm or final. The lab is really easy though, but if you want to genuinely learn something - avoid this class.
John is very knowledgaeable in the subject dont get me wrong. But this class is taught like its a 300 level when its supposed to be just a basic GEO course. There is so much to take in and learn, he did not give study guides so you have no clue what will be on the exam. Overall a tough class, paying attention to every single thing is crucial.
He seemed really knowledgeable on the subject but taught to my class like we were all experts in geology. It was really hard to follow along in class. I wouldnt recommend this class unless youre really super interested in geology and are okay with reading a lot of technical papers that dont make a lot of sense for people outside of the field.
Incredibly difficult for an intro geology class. We have to read long research papers and studies to complete assignments that take hours outside of class to finish. The class requires extensive calculations and covering in-depth geological studies. WAY TOO HARD! He is very smart and caring but does not know how to teach he should just research.
Good person, but is very vague when giving instruction. Hard tests as well and a lot of confusing readings. If you don't know how to apply your knowledge, don't take this class
Questions student's integrity on a regular basis. Dodges questions during class. Wastes time during class rambling about stuff that is not related to course material. If you use a laptop for note taking he will dock your participation grade. I got A's and B's on every assignment and somehow got a C+ for the course. Ridiculous amounts of homework.
Very intelligent, but used secondary source material for a 100 level class that was too specialized for a student who had only taken one other geology class. No clear schedule to what needs to be done when, unorganized. Very passionate about geology. A scientist first, a teacher second. I think this prof would be great if one is a geology major.
Class for theme, but assumed students came in with vast knowledge of Geo. So expectations were way to high for many in the class. He is also not helpful in helping pick paper topics, he is very vauge. He also assigns some pretty hard/pointless homework. Avoid if you can. The class was pretty interesting though, and I did learn a lot.
He plays favorites so get on his good side. He can be helpful if he is having a good day. He very smart and makes you feel stupid and insignificant. He's very forgetful and doesn't remember when you talk to him. He has a tendency to loose your assignments so make copies and keep the ones he gives back to you in case of a grade discrepancy later.
He used his hobby GPS to find the tent where he lives
Nice hair, hahaha
Horribly unclear and unfair!!
Not helpful in the least. One of the worst professors I have had.
I feel bad for him, but he's just not a very good teacher even though he's insanely smart.
An intelligent man who has trouble conveying the material. The overheads aren't much help and he mumbles throughout the lecture, but if you do all the homeworks and understand all the questions on the practice exams, you should do well.
Your best bet is to walk in right at the beginning of class to hand in your homework. When they throw the curve and put out the baskets at the end you'll have to adjust your schedule accordingly. P.S. If he drops the chalk, take a nap.
Too old and smart to teach an intro class.
Wong is literally the worst. I am so sorry to any secondary education majors who have to take her class. The amount of work she assigns is genuinely insane for the content covered in her class.
Professor Wong is very nice and a good teacher but this class was easily the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. This workload is absolutely incredible. BEWARE OF BUILDING YOUR SCHEDULE WITH THIS CLASS!!! 8+ hours of homework weekly.
If you have the chance to have anyone else, do it. She's nice in class, but in all honestly is kind of a hctib, especially when grading. Take no consideration to the time of students even though she sees herself as a student psychology genius. If you are reading this cause you have Wong, good luck, you'll need it.
Nice enough woman, I guess. The material itself is not challenging, but her grading is. Her instructions are very complex and particular. After spending lots of time on many assignments, I never seemed to meet her guidelines, no matter how hard I tried. The work is very repetitive and tedious, leaves very little room for own intellectual ideas.
Prof. Wong is a very tough grader. There is SO much busy work and so many papers. A lot of the work is really redundant. The content is not hard at all she just makes you do a lot of work about easy things. This class is required, so good luck, and make sure to use a lot of details in your work.
More work than necessary. Useless group work. Extreme field placement block of time (6:45 am-12:45pm needs to be left open) Kind of an annoying person to be around. But she's the only option for this course currently, so enjoy!
Coteaches with a teaching assistant who is more worthless than her. Who knew that was possible?
take over winter session if possible this class is way to involved for the 3 credits it is worth
horrible.
Mindless class. You are wasting your time here if it's not required... and wasting yout time even if it is. You'll come out knowing less than you knew beforehand.
Not Easy! Worse Class I Have Ever Taken, No Joke. Please Expect Worse From This Class, Cause It's Painful. Did Not Learn A Thing. Useless!
Did good because I studied my ass off...she knows her stuff but has trouble teaching it!!! Follow the text and you will be fine!!!
This class is already hard and Andreasen does not help much. She doesn't have a clear plan going into each class and goes off on a lot of tangents which makes it really hard to know what's going to be on the exams (which are really hard). Only take this class with her if you absolutely need to.
She is a nice person, but so scatterbrained it's very difficult to follow most of her lectures. Don't bother reading the text book the tests are all memorization of specific words from the notes. really hit or miss, requires more effort than other introductory classes.
Extremely hard class. Don't take unless you have to. I took because I thought it looked interesting, but I wish I hadn't. Tests are on stupid details that we hardly talked about, and she grades unfairly. Seems nice on the surface until you really get to know her
I should have taken Laberge in stead of this class. the dicussions and readings were clear. However, her exams were not. If you miss 3 or more questions, you are down to a B.
Tests are multiple choice and very tricky. She is a nice lady and a good professor but the tests are rediculous.
The tests are so hard. She claims the tests will be easy but they are really not! The lectures are somewhat boring and the text is hard to read.
this teacher is boring and made the class very uninteresting
Listen to what these people are saying! Yes, she is hot, but her tests are absolutely designed to fool you. Her lectures are super boring and her tests are just sickening. Would highly NOT recommend.
I don't understand why people think this course is easy. Notes are directly from overheads and the tests are absolutely ridiculous. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
Class seemed to be in Chinese,attended every class still got D, lots of reading
I appreciate and admire Professor Lessoff's passion for U.S. history but he is not an amazing professor. During class he went on half an hour tangents and then complain that we are a week behind. There is a lot of reading and questions that do not get added to the grade book until the end of the semester. I hate to say it but I did not learn much.
Pretty difficult class for a Gen Ed. I took this class because it was required for my major. Lectures were rarely based on his Power Points, he mostly just rambled on for 45 mins. forgetting about the PP behind him. He is a goofy guy but not a hard grader. If you can get through his lectures and attend his review sessions you will do just fine.
This was a very boring class. He rambles on with his lectures. I had two major tests and two papers, with a quiz almost every Friday over his stupid book that he wrote.
Very boring lectures. Not afraid to tell you that you are wrong. A lot of reading required. Notes galore, but not worth much.
Very unorganized. very unclear. very boring. Very bad grader.
I love writing, so I hated this class. So pointless. She's nice enough but so scatterbrained, her assignments made no sense and half the time we were asked to "model" poems on other, famous poems which meant copy the famous poem's structure and fill in some blanks. Didn't help me as a writer at all. Good if you need an easy A and aren't a writer.
Nice lady. Doesnt do too well explaining content of papers. Very friendly!!!
Hard to understand where your writing stands gradewise.
This class was absolutely terrible. One of the worst classes I have taken in a long time. You have to read so much and he is such a tough grader on papers. He is a nice guy, but I would not recommend taking this class.
American Revolution is my area of special concern, but I found this class deplorable. Prof. is a VERY kind man, but his class completely lacks structure. All class sessions are strictly reviews of the previous night's readings - REDUNDANT. No lecture; no organization. Very little room for creative freedom on papers.
BORING!!! somewhat easy if you can stay awake long enough to listen to the lectures
decent class, but he stutters a lot...tests not too bad
Nice man-good stories-tangents!!!!!-tests very fair
Apparently writes his own reviews here
What's with all the propaPANDA? Who's writing all of these?
Is this guy serious?
Horrible. I am a dean's list student and this was the first class I had to audit. The class is very different than ordinary math. Xiang is hard to understand and often explains everything with an unclear example. He should just use everyday things. I cannot not tell you not to take him because there are like only two 210 profs and they are terrible
Well, he flat out sucks at teaching. If you don't have to take this class avoid it at all costs. I will give him credit for his attempt to be helpful at office hours etc.--he really does try hard to be a good professor. However, as decent of a man he is it does not make up for the fact that the class is poorly admin. and learning from him is imp
Worst class EVER-hard exams, never in office hours, no curve.. 5/12 survived
Very difficult class; Decent curve (52 on Midterm became C+)
Too much of this class felt like time wasted. Discussions were unfocused and often had little to do with the material, giving the impression that she either did not know it or was unprepared to talk about it. Usually, the students had to re-direct the discussion after she had diverted it on a tangent. She was often dismissive and disrespectful.
the other reviews are right. hethorn is crazy and you'll want to strangle her by the end of the semester. she thinks she's intelligent but she really knows nothing and you won't learn anything either. she won't seem that bad on the first day, but just wait. if you need to take this, wait until its offered from someone other than this insane woman.
Wow...what a nut!! She's funny but def gives you alot of busy work!! EASY Class- just do the projects!!
Totally unorganized. If you can figure out what the assignment is you'll be ok
Tests, Quizzes, Homework is all online and very frustrating when you don't understand how the website wants you to type to answer. Best to work on homework in class and take notes before class. Talks very fast and expects you to know everything and your questions will never be answered with a simple yes or no and you still won't know your answer.
Listen, Tefera is funny and also a nice guy, but he is most definitely not a good teacher. He speaks very fast, is hard to understand, and honestly, too intelligent to teach. Also, he will erase his work immediately after doing it, so good luck keeping up with that. Was only able to pass this course by seeing a tutor weekly, which is ridiculous imo
Prof Tefera is the hardest professor I have ever had. He expects that you undersand something after the first time he explains it. His exams are exactly like the practice exams but he marks you down any chance he gets. He is very hard to understand and goes way too fast. Expect to put in A LOT of extra work outside of class just to get a C.
Prof Tefera is a tough grader. He is very picky, he will take points off for anything other than exactly what he wants. His lectures aren't helpful. I only succeeded in this class because I spent my time in the math success center.
He is a good professor to have for Math 203. He really cares for the subject and can be funny at times. You might have to learn the information yourself outside of class, but he makes it pretty simple for you.
Unclear, unorganized, inconsistent with the book (eg uses diff. variable names and different language) not prepared to teach the class. Exams and quizzes are super tough, mostly proofs that referring to notes and book are useless for. Spent more time on this class than any class, EVER and never got more than a 50% on assignments. Don't do it.
Good person & knows his subject. He has a heavy accent that can be hard to understand. Exams seem difficult & he seems to grade a bit hard, but fair. Quizzes & some exams parts were take-home ? so probably tougher grading is appropriate. Also he expects you to ask questions if you don?t understand something, and he tells you that, or he moves on.
Not very good. Quiz questions were always way harder than what we learned in class and test questions were harder than quiz and homework questions.
Very nice person. His teaching goes over the head of many students but if you can think logically and follow what he is doing you will do well in the class. Quizzes by committee and take home tests. Not a bad prof overall.
This class is legendary among CS majors for revealing the true face of collegiate evil. The material is completely insurmountable, his teaching style is about as clear as fog, and his grading is merciless. It doesn't follow Discrete Structures 1 at all, has nothing to do with CS, and takes the award for most needlessly obtuse class ever created.
He teaches really quickly and I had a hard time understanding him. He isn't very patient when a student doesn't understand a concept.
Hard class to begin with, added with hard to understand, and impossibly hard grader. Id reccomend a different prof if you can.
wouldn't recommend this teacher, hard to understand, expects everyone to understand what he teaches & moves on without making sure everyone understands. Doesn't give much help. Class is hard enough, but he makes it worse!
No concern for students' understanding, does not help outside of class, changes syllabus without notice, accuses students of plagiarism, has short temper. Stay on this guy's good side.
he is very hard to understand, boring, but very easy prof
A funny guy
Not considerate to the entire class failing
Want to have fun in his class? Write down quotes and learn his accent
class avg for first test 54..but nice guy and it got easier as it went on
Get used to the accent, very nice and versitle
Not quite sure what her problema was, but she was moody and took it out on us. Unclear about her expectations and the lectures were VERY boring! Better off taking somebody else.
Not very good, not objective in dealing with students; opionated. Avoid!
BLEH! what a boring class. i dont feel that i walked away with any new knowledge from this class. 3/4 of it was student taught. lectures are all over the place! the only thing i can say is that she is very understanding
Boring lecture. Gets corrected by students. Doesn't know her history!
No tests? Not anymore. He insists on wasting every minute of yours that he is allowed to. He's a nice energetic little man, but if you don't move at his pace he gets very whiney and annoying. The class itself is a breeze, the challenge is not falling asleep at every lecture.
Very hard to understand.
Difficult to work with this professor. He can be a nice guy and tries to be fair, however, sets limitations on classroom and sticks by his decisions. Has ethical problems with the Capstone simulation.
studders, annoying high pitched voice and is a pain in the neck. you have to do homework, and tests are open notes but still hard. i wouldnt suggest taking him
He is a nice guy, a little odd, but it is very lecture heavy and the tests are very hard
Professor Constantelos is a very nice guy. However, he struggles with being clear with what he is looking for when things are assigned. The exams are a little difficult and this class requires a lot of reading. His class lectures are a little boring and can go over frequently, if you are a visual learner then I would not recommend this professor.
Professor Constantelos is a really nice guy and is extremely passionate about politics, but he teaches this class like a 300 level class. He assigns a lot of reading that is very boring. His tests are very difficult as well. Grade breakdown: 3 exams and a group project make up your semester grade. Probably would not take him again.
he requires SO MUCH WORK for a 100 level class. There is a lot of reading that is MANDATORY & tested on... that he does not go over in class at all. It's a huge time commitment. He is pretty vague in class, and his tests are extremely specific. Assignments are easy.
do not take him ! I did all the homework and studied hard and still failed the tests. He makes absolutely no sense and is so vague. avoid if possible !
Avoid him if you can. His class is relatively easy but extremely, extremely boring. He tends to mumble his way through lectures and never varies up his teaching style. It is always straight lecture. The EU Simulation is all right at the end, but the rest of the class is painful.
Prof. Constantelos is very intelligent (yes, alot of professors at GVSU are smart, but this one goes to that next level). However, at the same rate he expects more out of his students than other professors. The class setup wasn't to my liking - there was a large emphasis on participation during his lectures. Conclusion: Take him if you like work.
I wasn't clear on the circumstances, but i don't think he wanted to teach this class. He was very busy with being dept. chair. Not very helpful outside of class. Nice guy. Under different circumstances this might of been a more fulfilling class.
There is a 15 page term paper, don't wait until the last minute! His study guides usually don't tell you what is on the exams. He is extremely boring, but the stimulations aren't bad. Overall, if you put in the effor you can do well.
Boring, long paper, tests aren't too bad
Horribly disorganized. I remember his tangents more than I remember anything important that he tried to point out. One day, when the class didn't read a poem for class, he prissily stormed out of the class. On top of that, he was very condescending. You haven't done college until you take a hack like him. Crass and Classless Classics prof!
Well, what can I say. Things started out well, but then he became an arbitrary grader who assigned grades depending on whether he liked you or not. Initially he had said the class grade on translations depended on quality, and not quantity (meaning attendance). He seems to have forgotten that.
Horrible professor who rants and raves about his personal life and gives unorganized lectures. Tests are ridiculously hard for a GE. Basically right down everything he says and know it by heart for the test. Including correct spellings of Greek names.
He is a hard teacher who is very controling and gets annoyed if someone is even thinking of doing something not allowed. His tests can be hard if you dont study and he is anal about the format of the paper.
Very disrespectful to anyone that has questions and is at times insulting. One side of the political is constantly insulted and ridiculed. Very lecture heavy and not relating to his exams at all. He is knowledgeable, however, doesn't have clear goals for the students to do well. Do not take this professor
I am not a geography person so this class was difficult. He teaches it as if everyone is a geography major, and this is how he grades. He knows a lot about the subject so it makes it hard if you don't. The group project at the end is tough, and he makes you meet with him to discuss the paper (which is very helpful).
Dr. Cole knows what he's talking about. He really knows his stuff, and if you're a geography major, take his class. For the rest of you, avoid him. Lecture heavy and at the end of the year you receive (no joke) a 25 page instruction book for a single page paper. Good luck
I would not recommend taking him. His lectures are super long and boring. Very hard for me to stay awake. Plus the organization of is presentation is hard to follow and he goes off on a lot of random tangents that you don't know if you need to know or not. Study guide is vague and it's hard to know what to expect on the exams.
Cole is a teacher who loves to lecture. He shares his stories like it is his job. If you didn't know what class it was to start you'd never find out. But it is certainly an easy class with attendance being 40 percent of the grade. Take this for your world perspective course!!!
Professor Cole is a very nice guy. However, his lectures are very boring. He talks more about history and his own experiences than actually teaching what is for example in the book. You get lots of points for showing up for class and if you do the study guides you should get at least a B. Start early on the GIS project and ask him for pointers.
Professor Cole is a smart man, but his lectures are BORING! He tries to make jokes, but it doesn't go over very well. His powerpoint slides are like 143 slides long and he does not post them right away. We only had 2 exams, but they were all written essay questions. Sometimes we didn't get information for the exam until the day before!
This class was not what i expected...it focused on the GPY students and has nothing to do with the ED students. He is not clear on what he wants as far as assingments go, and marks you down for no reasoning. Prof. Cole is a great guy and everything...just not a class i would take again
He doesnt really know how to present his material to the class. Also the tests are rediculously hard if you dont get yourself to read and reread each chapter a few times.
I would not recomment him as a techer if you have a hard time focusing in class. He lectures everyday, and they are not all that exciting. what he lectures on is not what is on the exams and you pretty much have to teach yourself the information. but he is a very nice guy and is very funny.
Did NOT like this prof. He was very unclear for the homework assignments but grades them pretty tough. He is very nice and knowledgeable about his field but does not know how to explain the material. He is really enthused with the subject though and is pretty funny. Still a stressful and boring class though.
Sometimes unclear and needs to lighten up a little bit.
Never ever Take this class it's very hard and boring, plus he insulted my intelligence! Maybe I just don't care about anything he talked about!!!
Very unorganized and unclear. The lectures were interesting but gives you no basis for what he actually wants you to know for the final. He said know the entire 700 page text book and the final was ridiculous. I honestly was shocked I ended up passing the class after I took the final. Nothing on his lectures are really tested at all.
This class is ridiculously hard. I took it as a gen-ed and it was the toughest class I've ever had. He lectures using hundred-slide long powerpoints. Mid-term (8 essays) wasn't too bad but he is extremely unclear on expectations for projects and the final. If you don't read the entire book cover to cover, you won't know anything on the final.
The class was extremely tough, not because of the content but the way Cole taught. He would walk in, turn out all the lights, and lecture and joke to himself in till the class was over. He was open to office visits but they would turn into aggravating experience as he would ask the question you asked back to you and then laugh; like a annoying Yoda
Professor Cole's class is pretty boring at times, but if you just try to enjoy listening about the subjects its not to bad. Most of the final is based off of the book. Try to keep up with the reading and it will make studying for the final much easier. I slacked on the reading and was able to pull off an A, but it was a lot of studying at the en
Prof. Cole is an intense teacher. His requirements are tough, and his assignments are unclear and impossible to ace. Take him only if you have to, and if you do, be prepared for a mental marathon. Not fun.
A long-winded political lecture (Hello? geography anyone?)He's obsessed with Palestinians (loves them) and Jews (BAD!!), but other than that you'll learn nothing
Not a class where you exactly learn anything . . .he's very interested in letting you know his politics. That's about all he seems to do.
I don't know what i was supposed to learn in this class. Cole is a cool guy with a sense of humor, but i didn't learn a whole lot that i think will be useful. We had 0 quizzes, just the final and some assignments, but again, what did i learn??
Overall he is ok. The projects were not that difficult but time consuming. No tests or quizzes. He makes really bad jokes and lectures are hard to follow. No need to take notes. final is long but he grades fair Not a bad class.
Roy is definitly a cool waky guy, very funny, but this class was a bit difficult. I ended up with a way better grade than expected, just do as best as you can on the assignments because quizzes and final are hard. Also ask for extra credit if possible!
This man has NO people skills. He drifts off, mumbleing to himself and staring
Good Guy, weird
I'm sure he is an excellent researcher but a horrible prof.
I really liked her class but there is a lot of material but she would make it clear for you to understand but if you are a bad test taker do not take this class. This class is based on 4 quizzes which you will not find the answers online so you have to study beforehand and 3 exams with 50 questions but one is dropped and a final.
4 exams and a final, a report, and a quiz. Write down everything she says on her lecture videos, videos are about 45 mins long and there's about 6-8 lecture videos per section (sometimes didn't include captions so it was difficult to understand), exam questions are difficult! Not an easy A.
this class just sucked if you are not going to go to class or miss any lectures you are incredibly screwed. I barely passed the class with a 72.1 and needed a 72 because the tests were very difficult. If you are a dumb business major like me don't take this class take the class at a community college or something for ur lab.
If you are looking for an easy A, look another way... All her exams are based of her lectures which are about 1 hour long and there is about 8 of them. I failed the 2 exams I am currently semi passing which sucks...Her exams are semi-difficult. goodluck..
My biggest issue with this class/professor is that all of the exams are on Friday nights from 6-7:30pm. If you can't take the test, you will get a 0 on it. There is no room for compromise either. If this is something that would cause an issue for you, do NOT take this class. You have been warned. Super inconvenient
she makes it hard for students to ask questions in class and outside of class. test on things she told the class she won't be testing, her test is extremely hard, the class average is 70%, and its an online class so almost everyone cheats.
this class is split into two sections, in the professors section you have lectures, quizzes, &exams, in the TA section, you have labs and the practicals. She has no idea whats happening in the TA section and has no control over those grades. everything but the labs are super difficult. the grades for the labs and practicals are put in last minute
made me question whether university was worth it, not worth it take a different course
4 tests she drops 1. Has 1 assignment out of 40 that she grades harshly on. Makes you use lockdown browser for online tests. Test questions were hard to understand. For each test we have around 8 video lectures, each one an hour long. Hard to know what you need to study when watching the videos. Wouldnt recommend for a easy GE class
Very interesting subject. She's passionate about ND & proud of class avrg of C+. 3 exams, 1 final, drop lowest exam but not final. 100 pts on vague quizzes questns. It's hard to get an A bec of heavy lectures, the way she worded the exams & qzzs. No xtra credit. No mercy. No late hw accepted. Not a way to boost your grade. Take another class!
You can tell she's passionate about what she teaches; problem is, she expects you to be passionate about it, too, if you want to pass. The clicker, quiz, and test questions are so ambiguous and formulated to be trick questions, but she swears otherwise. Make sure you do well in the lab because her tests are impossible to pass.
Very heavy accent. Tests/quizze are written the way she speaks with poor sentence structures at times which makes it hard to undertand. Has dark sense of humor. She's proud of 70's grade avrg. Lectures are heavy but interesting. Knows ND for sure but seems to get carried away in explaining it to the point it become too confusing.
Take it if you have friends to prepare for the quizzes and tests. Quiz answers are not easy to determine from online lectures alone.
A lot of long lecture videos which could be condensed if she did not go off track. She's hard to understand because of her Russian accent. She takes her subject way to serious. We are all here because we have to be but she thinks we are interested in geology. Test are poorly worded as well. So study a lot and then some more. Geology is our life :(
She's aight; definitely not a chili pepper though. Exams are tough and lectures are time consuming and boring. Mandatory that you take the exams, in person, for an online class and the final exam date isn't set until half way through the semester and then it ends up being at 8am. You don't need the textbook and professor doesn't help students.
She has the tendancy to be really rude. Her tests are pretty hard because they are tricky. I am not sure if she is one of those professors that doesn't want you to pass, but it seems like it. I thought it would be a fun class, but honestly, it was annoying as hell. She annoys me. But, that's just my opinion.
not organize, give you outline but not follow
Class is tough, must attend every lecture, tests ask for details on many events, all multiple choice, teacher is very rude to students but funny at times because of her accent, interesting class but you have to work for the grade.
I thought this would be an easy class but it was 4 long hard tests and a hard, unclear paper. dont buy the book. no office hours and never returns e mails. take another teacher
This is the only D i've ever gotten my entire life, and I went to every class, bought the book, and studied a considerable amount of time for the tests, plus I even understood the class and still did horrible, i wouldnt suggest.
took this class for an easy A, got a D. Unhelpful, no office hours, not good with responding to emails. 4 tests, all multiple choice, but study hard.
I don't know what everyone is talking about! This class is very difficult. This is the only C I have ever gotten at SDSU and it is a GE class. Have to go everyday and buy the book to understand the concepts because they are pictures. Doesn't go over answers to old tests, yet cumulative final. I
lots of info!! need to know little details for tests like how many people dies in case studies. 3 exams and cumm. final. not as easy as everyone makes it out to be. need to put in time to study.
she's hot, but her class is hard. expect some teachers/older students (w/ science backgrounds) to enroll in the course and set the curve at 100! not very easy at all.
she is the worst teacher ive had, shes rude......DONT TAKE HER!!!
For an entry level class, it is very difficult. Read ahead of time and it should help. Sometime you can barely understand him. Gives quizzes every week and they can hurt your grade big time. I am retaking the class with a different professor and it is a lot better for me. This prof is wishy-washy. He is pretty funny and makes class interesting.
He is definitely a very interesting guy. His class was really easy in my opinion. He had a random quiz once a week on the chapter so you had to read to be prepared. His questions are not always clear which is difficult.
He taught straight from the book. His tests were worded weirdly. Some questions were hotly debated on his exams. I never listened to him because he thought he was funny and I just did not think he was funny.
He was a funny guy, but I thought it was hard to understand what he expected of you. He made the tests sound like they were going to be so easy but then the entire class would fail.
He has a tendency to be kind of confusing but usually just because he uses the wrong word...we all do this!! If you read and make sure you understand the material you should do fine. The quizzes and tests are easy as long as you read!!
very hard to understand tests are hard and wording is confusing
He was alright, pretty boring classes and he was very unclear. Hard grader and hard tests, and when you go to ask questions you leave more confused. However, I don't think you have a choice cause I think he is the only Prof that teaches the class.
He knows his stuff, but isn't always very clear. Tests and quizzes are a little hard,but the material is very interesting...He's a funny guy. If you take him, do the readings and start your project early!
Do not take psych with this man! His lectures have nothing to do with the tests - it is impossible to get a good grade in this class
worthless class, did not learn anything-tests can be very very tricky, go to class for quizzes, watch out for project-has favorite students
picky, demanding- but i learned more from him than any other prof! My fav at GV
if you can't memorize the text completely, you lose
by all means stay away!!!
Class average was a 65%. No curve. One student sold his soul for a C+.
Compared to Easton- Tyler is awesome. Compared to Larson he isnt the best. Tyler's class is laid back,all you do is listen to him lecture about the slides. Assignments and homework are fairly easy. If you really want to learn things clearly & directly from lecture take Larson, for an easy class based on slides take Tyler - SUPER nice guy!
Worst class I've ever taken. You can try to pay attention but he has the most boring voice I've ever heard and reads slides off the overhead for almost 3 hours. Half the class fails every test and the assignments are really tricky. I got at least 3 emails from students in my class every single dy becasue he wouldn't respod to anyones emails.
One of the most boring classes I have taken in my college career. Test are very hard, and you must pay attention to the teacher in class but it is nearly impossible because he is monotone. Last test had a 49% avg. This class sucks no matter who you take it with.
WOW this class is pointless. I don't think I learned anything.. I don't even know what the heck information systems are. Clay is a nice guy, but lectures are super boring. Tests are practically impossible, no study guides. Ended up with a C.
He isnt very clear and makes many mistakes on blackboard. His tests/grading policy is onfusing. It is an easy class but he makes it harder than it should be. I had a 100% the whole year but his final is impossible and I got a B+
Class was easy but make sure you do the extra credit, it counts against you if you do not do it!!! At the end it is counted in the total points of the class.
Class was very BORING. He wasn't good at explaining the hw assignments, he'd just make one mistake after the other.
Boring class, hard exams, lots of work. Do not take this course!
Very boring class. Teaches off powerpoints. Tests are from the book. Grading for tests is straight forward but grading for the research paper, group project, and participation credit is kind of of vague. He doesn't exacly tell you what he is looking/grading for.
This class was really boring, but kind of improved my computer skills in excel and powerpoint. The assessments were pretty easy, but the tests are hard. Tests are on reading becuase you probably won't be going to class too much due to the dullness of the lectures.
Boring! A real snoozer of a course. He is a nice guy but really dull. Easy, got a B+ without even trying. I guess I could have gotten an A had I actually showed up to class. SNOOZERS!!
Monotone and very boring....I wouldn't even go to class if you take him, but his tests are pretty hard.
dont attend class, but read chapters. Tests=63% class avg, but curved @the end.
Boring!! DOn't go to class!! Find a NEW teacher! Dull!
He is so boring, but easy HW is easy but lots of it! 4 test,hard, class av. 61%
Has stepped it up in the last semester class is averaging 63% on test
He's a nice guy and is clear very intelligent, but I wouldn't recommend his class unless you are extremely interested in the subject. If you, like me, didn't know all too much about Anthropology before signing up, I'd probably avoid it. If you do take it, however, here's my advice: Record the lectures and READ, READ, READ, then read some more.
If you can stay awake during class and consistently god bless you. As I look around now half the class is asleep. Can't follow lectures, Incredibly hard tests and will ask the smallest details about absurd concepts rather than understanding broad topics. DO NOT TAKE HIM
I concur... fired. He is all over the place. No clear correspondence between reading assignments and class. Tests are so particular and half of the questions start with "according to the instructor..." Teach the class, not your random compilation of slightly relevant experiences.
He is very polite to his students. Lectures were often very boring and extremely unclear. He assigns A LOT of reading that you need to do in order to pass his exams.
Got an A, but it's not easy. Be in class every day; he's a stickler for attendance. Basically write down everything he says, because most of his tests are taken from things he says in lecture. He seems to go off on tangents a lot and it's hard to pay attention, but try. I hated the class and thought it was boring, don't take if you can avoid it.
Horrible. Do not take him. Tests are based on minute details from lectures and the textbook, or on dumb little anecdotes he throws in about himself in hopes of seeming distinguished. Avoid at all costs.
HE WAS THE WORST PROFESSOR IVE EVER HAD!!!!!!!! i cant believe i wasted my time with this class.he talked to the board more than the class.his handwriting is NOT legible.HE SUCKED!!! there's no other way to put it
DON'T TAKE. Didn't get the midterm (40% of grade) back until 2nd to last class. Really boring, lectures are all over the place. Don't get on his bad side.
worst professor ever. is a nice guy but his tests are tricky and there is a lot of reading. AVOID at all costs because he will just bring your average beyond low.
If you are doing this to satisfy a requirement...choose another class. The exams are too random to prepare for. Make sure you do the Spradley & McCurdy readings, a lot of his test questions are from there. Avoid if possible, easily the most boring class I've ever taken.
He was ok
HE SUCKED...Be Prepared for rambling lectures about the "Mandikka tribes of africa" and some T,I,E,C bull that noone understood.Tests are rediculously hard and come straight from the huge amounts of reading.Only thing that kept it interresting was the kid that yelled "WEIL" EVERYDAY!!! Woke me up!!
Not that great as a teacher. Nice enough. Anal about his attendance policy. Go or don't expect to get an A. Says a lot of the same things over and over and over and...
He loves his job, but doesn't convey information very well to students. If you read the book, you'll be fine. Unfortunately, takes attendance in class.
probably the worst teacher i've ever had. anyone i know who's taken anth101 with another professor has gotten a good grade. yet i nearly failed this class. tests are very unfair. if u want to take anthro, whatever you do, DO NOT take it with Weil.
HARD!!!!!!!! Too many notes, talks to fast, will help you during office hours, thinks everyone is an anthropologist-AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!!!
Taken him for multiple courses. I hope you like to take notes on lectures :) Difficult--don't bother asking him questions--but worth it. I've learned a lot.
hurts your GPA,impossible tests, AVOID AVOID AVOID.
Very boring unclear lectures, but if u go to class & stay awake u'll do fine
Tests worded confusingly. Most people got C's
no structure to lecture... very boring... attendance madatory... hard tests
worst class EVER. lectures are torture
Went to him for help, I was on my own . . . tedious intro. class
i read everything, didnt' miss a class, studied hard and still got a C-
Nice man, but horrible class. Very hard and unclear...def D
this class is like pre school... not easy, but allows you to sleep
if you get him, DROP THE CLASS***!!!! the final is impossible!
I agree with everybody else...he is normally a grad student prof, so he is hard
Anthropology 101: Plan on learning from the book. You WILL sleep in this class.
It's hard to get a response from him. I've sent him many emails asking him questions about online lectures or quizzes. But he only responded to me once. In addition, his powerpoints have some spelling mistakes and one of the terms he likes to use is "due to", which doesn't make any sense in the context, making them more difficult to understand.
I was very disappointed by this class. I was expecting it to be easy but his lectures arent that good. He does give a lot of extra credit opportunities though.
I took this class online. Way too much busy work for an online class, I didn't really understand the material and he wasn't very helpful. He basically ignored me for the last half of the class when I was truly struggling. I wouldn't recommend this class, especially if you're not very comfortable with online classes.
i am not sure how thomas is in person, but online he is super confusing. when i emailed him for help his exact response was, "its normal to struggle through it. keep going." no help at all!
i want to knaw my own leg off during his class
I participated & love photography so that wasnt the issue. She didnt have BB set up, didnt give clear instructions ever & literally told the class I assumed youd know when giving us no direction whatsoever. We didnt have a midterm but got random grades for it. She laughed at me for asking for clarification. Condescending & unorganized.
Victoria is a kind person and will give you respect if you pay attention and do the assigned work. HOWEVER. She is very unclear of when anything is due. She will briefly go over a project and it seems expect you to have it due by the next class. I dont even think she knows what she wants with us.
Vicki is unclear with everything and she will take the full 3 hours explaining one thing, then complain there wasn't enough time. She taught us I guess but it took her way more time than we needed. Not enough time in the darkroom and due dates changed so my class had to do 3 projects in like 3 weeks. Doesn't sound hard but it was. Easy grader tho.
Victoria is a horrible professor. She's a nice person, but should not be teaching. She is extremely unorganized and unclear about everything in the class. She is rude and always confused, and goes on rants about how she lived in NYC. No one cares that you lived there Vicki it's not that cool. Overall a horrible professor
Victoria has good intentions, however, she is unclear about what she asks of you. Her grading on assignments is a little off. She would circle all plus signs, and then give me a 18 outta 20. What did I do wrong? Who knows. She puts her opinion into your images, rather than the content of the image. You cannot GRADE art based on opinion.
She is very scattered brain. She doesn't know what she assigns or when they are do. Isn't very clear on what she wants you to do until after you already have it done so you have to redo it. Doesn't let you be independent. I would try to avoid her but you don't have to go out of your way either.
plays favorites, unclear, contradicting and tedious
Good photographer-- knows what she;s doing, but sometimes doesn't teach it well. Digresses a lot, but I learned a lot from her. Needs to be kept on track. Analysis photos for more meaning than they actually have. sometimes i just want to take a picture!
Confusing about assignments, grades too much on technical stuff.
doesnt know how to teach what she knows, learned minimum of photo
She is nice but the class is a bunch of wacko liberal politics
This is not a History class. You write on how you feel historians perceive history. However, your grade is reflected on how the professors sees it. This 100 level class is graded like a 400 level class. Very frustrating!
Professor O'neill is nice, but a poor professor. He expects you to know as much as he does. His lectures are boring and if I didnt read the book, I wouldn't have learned much. When it comes to papers he is a very harsh grader and is very critical. I worked very hard on both paper and even rewrote them and got the same grade. I felt very defeated.
I wouldn't recommend taking this professor if you are not a history major. He expects you to remember everything you have read from the book. His lectures are boring and irrelevant to any of the tests and quizzes. The readings are extremely time consuming and it is impossible to get a good grade.
Do not take this professor!! He's a history teacher that expects you to know just as much as he does. He is very unclear about his grading scales and the hardest grader I've come across at Grand Valley. There is so much reading and a test every monday. If you are taking HST 205 I would recommend finding a different professor.
Do not take this professor!! He's a history teacher that expects you to know just as much as he does. He is very unclear about his grading scales and is without the hardest grader I've come across at Grand Valley. If you are taking HST 250 I would recommend finding a different professor.
He is a horrible professor, try to avoid him if you can. His lectures are extremely boring and hard to follow!! He is a hard and unfair grader and expects you to know the subject as well as he does. The textbook he uses is also difficult to follow.
It is almost impossible to follow his lectures. He goes off on tangents and changes topics quick. He gives you the essay questions before the tests. You just have to read those sections of the book and add random details to your essays and you can ace his tests.
His class is easy enough, but he is HUGE into participation and if you're shy, he's really rude about how you don't participate. He plays favorites like crazy, and treats non-favorites poorly. Fortunately quizzes and tests are straight out of the book though. If you can handle his hyper-participation attitude, go for it.
Prof. O'Neill really doesn't care that much about his students and really just wants them to see how much he knows about history. If you take him just know before hand that anything you do in front of class he prob won't like, even if it is a good lesson. The class is very easy though.
Never take in the summer. He is nice, but a very hard grader for papers
Expects you to think like a history major. Rude comments. Does explain well.
the readings were really interesting...tests are too hard, and he really counts participation!!! you have to work hard in his class!
No journals, only quizzes and 2 tests (midterm and final). His exams are VERY hard. I failed the first one, but somehow managed to pull a C in the class. I think if you stick it out you will do fine. In-class lectures did not pertain to exams.
Dry lectures. In office hours, you might as well just talk to a wall. Boe is arrogant.
He is honestly a hard working great guy. I am by no means a History person adn that showed in his class. I feel that he is to smart to be teaching a 100 level class. He is unable to dumb things down for the students who aren't History majors. Be sure to read for his class and you will be fine. He's hard, but a great guy.
Quite possibly the most pointless class ever! You can get by not doing the reading or even going to class as long as you do the three papers and show up to the forum... I actually went to class and still have no idea what I was meant to be learning. He gets off topic very easily and generally seems to have no idea what's going on.
I had him for preterm, it was one of the worst experiences of my life. It was him and Vickery-they don't agree on anything, not a good idea when the class is on Religion and Politics. Changed the topic of the paper with 2 days left-what if you had worked on it before? Just not a good experience
Its great that he knows so much, but filling us with his trivial mumbling isn't getting us anywhere. He needs to learn how to organize his lectures, and not let students lead him astray with their stupid trivial comments.
Only take this class with him if you are a pure math major. As a person I like him but his teaching style can be hard and the exams make up your entire grade. Get a tutor for this class in the first week- you will need it.
He doesn't ever really answer your questions and though he is a really nice guy his tests are hell. I've never struggled so much with a math class.
While the class should have been interesting, she was too concerned with being a high school teacher and yelling at kids for going to the bathroom or to put their phone away or turn it off. She came in late almost everyday unprepared and spent some of class time just setting up. We also had a blind kid in our class, to whom she was disrespectful to
horrible
Seriously, easiest class offered at Alma College, if you want to take a distrib. and not have to go to class or work, this is the class!
Boring as hell
No time management skills. Class went late everyday. Homework wasn't helpful. He is very disorganized. When he taught, it was very rushed and hard to understand. He has little concern about his students. Even if you are in the hospital with kidney stones, he will not let you make up ANY assignments or tests. Worst Professor I've had so far.
Very hard professor. If you ask him a question you have a 50% chance he will not answer your question. I do not recommend him to anyone who doesn't spend 2 hours every night on each individual subject. I studied A LOT for this class and still did not do well. For instance I received an A in both SP 101 and SP 102, but a C- in SP 231.
He is a very arrogant man he belittles students in front of the class and thinks he is never wrong. He once told us not to worry about an assignment until we talked about it, we never talked about it and he came in 2 days later and asked for the it. I think 4 people turned it in. When trying to talk to him about it he treated us like we were stupid
His class is boring as all hell!
Good teacher overall, definitely makes students work for their grade, as long as you read the stories and study terms, you won't have any problem on the tests
Way to high on himself. He is an atheist and unjustly denounces Christainity.
This class is completely redundant. The professor is very nice, and it is a very easy A, but at the end of the day, you will not learn much. I do not know if he cut the material substantially because it's an online class. I would recommend skipping.
test are impossible to do well on. The material is very easy but his test questions are not. He grades essay questions and the final project very hard. If you disagree with him on any topic you will not get full credit. Impossible to get a A or B+
not the easiest class or most interesting, makes material harder than need be, he is on a power trip even though he will deny it, lectures aren't that *special*
You take 4 tests and that is basically your entire grade, the tests are all based off of the book, and a lot of the questions are difficult to understand. To see what you got wrong you have to go to his office hours which are before 8:00 Am and you only get 15 minutes...
worst BUAD prof.
He is more like a business man than a professor. You may read a lot but still don't know the answer about the exam. The pop quizzes may be the only reason for the attendance. Did curve, but not that much.
Took this for credit this winter and it was pretty rough. The reading is doable and quizzes are a good added bonus for your grade. The tests, however, are the most textbook specific tests I've ever seen. In order to get an A you would have to outline every word of every paragraph and I wish i was exaggerating. You're at the mercy of the test.
Honestly my least favorite professor at UD. His lectures have nothing to do with his exams, so pretty much read the entire textbook in order to do well in his class. Participation is part of your grade which is helpful. He is pretty self-absorbed and talks about himself a lot.
He is hilarious but doesn't mean he won't make you work for the grade. Exams are super hard. Classes are all lectures. He gives great examples in class. READ THE BOOK!!!!
This class is worthless. If you want to do well just read the chapters in the book before the tests, but the test questions are still tricky sometimes. Don't expect to learn anything about marketing. Class time is also useless.
Very rude and can be offensive in what he says. Doesn't teach you anything that is on the exam; you have to read the book in order to do well. Questions on exams are very nit-picky. Office hours are at 6:30 AM which don't help, and when I went, he wouldn't answer any questions I had about the material. Avoid him if you can.
I would never take another class with him. i though marketing would be an easy A, but he asks the trickiest and and most detailed questions on the exams, which are impossible to do well on. i don't know why everyone likes him so much. his personality is okay, but I thought he seemed really cocky.
really good nice guy. go to class for in class quizes their easy. tests are straight of study guid
Go to class for "in class quizzes." His study guide is the actual exam without the questions--if you google every single question, you'll find the answers word-for-word on the internet. Study that for the test and you'll get an A. Thats what I did. Horrible teacher, good for contacts for jobs/internships
Nice guy but does not teach anything relevant in class. Overheads strictly made from textbook. Go to class for attendance grade though. Would suggest taking it with someone else.
Seems like Nice guy until end of semester. Paper grading makes no sense. Tests are difficult. Take other 301 profesor at all costs.
Don't take him. Test is very hard.. take with another professor.
He is a very hard teacher. Don't take the class with him. Even though he give you the exam questions in advance but the exam is very tricky. Suggest taking it with another professor.
His tests are very confusing and they were hard.
He's a sweet guy and the class was fairly easy. Only two papers and two tests. However, his grading scale was not clear, and we really didn't delve deep into Shakespear. If you want an easy class - as easy as Shakespeare can be - take his. If you want to learn and be challenged, try another professor.
Class periods are not terrible, but the tests are absolutely terrible!!! Unless you can memorize all the lines to like 50 poems, you'll bomb them!!! Class time is a complete waste because you are not tested on any of it!
Although he is a nice guy, his teaching tactics are not sufficient at all. He lacks the ability to be more assertive in his class, has trouble encouraging discussion among the students, and also has trouble planning the time spent in class effectively.
He is a very boring prof who does not even teach. Every class period is the same, only class discussion, nothing ever changes!!! I have yet to learn anything from him, I would not recommed him at all.
will not give you your grade- is unclear- says one thing- means another- unfair
Class is a waste--completely subjective discussion, reaches no conclusions, dull
The power points Dr. Gehring gives out in class are helpful to take notes and follow along with the lecture. However, I found her to be very condescending, especially when she calls people out in class. Some concepts she explained in class were unclear at times. Not to mention many of her test, quiz, and homework questions are worded weirdly.
She is quirky and talks like we are 5. Her lectures are so simple and easy, but she puts ridiculous questions on the test that have answers like "A and B," "A, B, and C," "A, B, C, and D." "All of the above."
She is SO boring! She assigns pages to read, then goes over them with a power point presentation. Overall the material is repeated three times over. You can probably just pick up her handouts, read at home, and skip class.
I made of the course # because I don't remember what it was but this guy is an ass, and he's so full of himself I'm surprised he can even fit through the door. Unless you worship him he'll give you a hard time and he plays favorites.
Way too much work for a 200 level course. Acts eager to help but when you go to her office she makes you feel like you're wasting her time. Expects perfection.
Says she is willing to help, but when approached seems angry that you dared to ask a question. Can be rather rude in class to the poor souls who are obviously lost.
Doesn't understand we don't all love Stats. Keeps stressing we should all be stats majors/minors, but meanwhile picks our homework and labs appart. "Lab time" is a joke, it's simply more lecture time where she jumps through stuff without actually teaching you, she just gives you examples.
Very confusing exams and quizes, lots of hw, unclear teacher and goes fairly quick when doing examples on the board, I wish i had not taken her, and would not recommend taking her
This class is very hard.She gives you a lot of ungraded homework, but you have to do it in order to know whats going on.There's projects and computer work in this class also.You'll get an assignment every class.
She isn't that hard if you have a lot of time to spend on STATS, but if you are like me and realize STATS has nothing to do with your career, don't take her. Very unclear about what she wants and tries to trick students on exams.
She may be eye candy, but Statistics isn't my bag. Not a fun class-probably not her fault.
We have a group project, individual programming project, and another separate homework due on the same day, which is the day after we have a major exam and a few days before our final exam...nuff said.
3 credit class? coulda fooled me...try 9 credits. be smart, don't ruin your
Run for your life and GPA
i think she's one of those teachers that wants you to fail
if your taking stats, try someone else.
you have to be an expert to do well, very picky on grading.
She demands too much for a lower level class. She is not very helpful.
Assigns way too much homework for a 200 level class
EVIL!!! Hard, hard, hard!!!
If you're bad at math, DON'T TAKE HER!!! Not a very fair grader either.
Thinks her students are idiots
SP15: 90 min. class twice a week. No recitation. Homework is extra credit. No quizzes. 2 Midterms and a Final. If you do bad on midterms, the final can be counted as 100% of your grade. Lectures are boring and a waste of time. Just read her PPTs and the book. I only went to lecture to hand in my homework. Tests can be tough(know PPTs inside out)
She's a very sweet lady who genuinely likes micro economics. However she's a very boring lecturer. I generally didn't go to lecture and did just fine.
Incredibly boring class. I struggle to stay awake every time I go. The exams are way harder than they need to be and her slides are not very clear. The class was just way too big to do well in.
I'm afraid she's getting too old. She often misspeaks, saying the opposite of what she means, leaving it to the few students actually paying close enough attention to correct her. Nice lady sure, but teaching skills are declining. Also, careful picking your TA, mine was pleasant, but barely spoke audible English.
There's only 3 grades in the class and the recitation quizzes are for extra credit but a very slim amount. Just read the book and download the slides from carmen.
Oh my gosh, first of all this class material is boring. Second, she just mumbles on about stuff that makes no sense. I didn't take econ in high school, so I was completely lost coming into this class. Her tests are fair if you keep up with the work but UGH someone needs to reconsider the content of this class. It's incredibly boring.
Decent teacher, lectures are available online so going to lecture is unnecessary. Exams mirror the "old exam" packet that is online, use that to study. Very easy class.
Pretty boring. Hard final too.
It's hard to distinguish if Econ 200 itself is terrible or if it's just Lucia. Avoid this class if you can. Only grades are 2 midterms and final, very minimal extra credit opportunities (20 hw ?s for a whole 1/5 of a point), curved which is nice, but exam questions are VERY confusing and difficult. Subject matter absolutely sucks. good luck.
ECON 200 is a breeze, but it was no thanks to Professor Dunn. Her long lectures are very hard to get through and she gets off topic quite a bit. Her slide shows aren't all that helpful so listening to what she says is an unavoidable hazard of the class. Her grading scale is AWESOME though! Tons of bonus added in after they set the curve.
horendous. if you feel like lowering your GPA, go for this class. maybe if you have a liking for mumbling professors and watching every letter pop on the slide shows one at a time you'll like her. her grading system is beyond horrible and is most likely the worst teacher i've had at ohio state. ha, good luck taking this class.
She doesn't know how to explain anything. She pretty much just reads what's on the slides. You don't have to show up. Don't bother buying the book. Just print off the slides and study them. Do the extra credit and show up for recitation and you should get an A.
Lectures were dreadfully boring. The class is not horrible if you get a decent TA (mine sucked!). Do not expect her to be helpful outside of class she is cofusing and rude.
She is kind of annoying, to be honest. I didn't enjoy her class at all. She will give it to you straight like if your paper is BAD she will tell you for sure. You will have a lot a lot of work to do
Lubic is a nice person, but she is not clear on what she wants in her papers. She makes you read a lot from 3 different books, which do help for examples, but also I feel that she better explain things. Overall, I felt that I never could live up to her expectations so I had to work very hard in the class.
Professor Lubic is a very tough grader, she expect you turn your essays into completely different papers after revision. However, she does Gove very helpful feedback. If you don't bring your three assigned books to class you get an absent. would not recommend this prof.
Harsh grader. Tamara is vague in her feedback on your papers, and you're only allowed to miss 4 classes, any more after that you fail. The first day of class I contemplated dropping and taking it with a different professor. Tamara will call on you, and if you didn't do the readings assigned, then you don't get points. Try to get on her good side!
This teacher is an extremely tough grader and has ridiculously high expectations. Her feedback is confusing, and she has little sympathy. My friends in other writing 150 courses say it is much easier. Her idea of a "substantial revision" is a paper that looks brand new every time. Which is unreasonable. I wouldn't recommend her as a writing teacher
DO. NOT. TAKE. THIS. PROFESSOR. This professor is extremely critical regardless of the assignment or task. She is unpleasant to interact with and walks around like she owns the place. The feedback she gives is degrading and not that helpful. Oh, and don't bother asking any questions, she will make you feel stupid
Professor Lubic, means well she really does, But she is a hard teacher. You have to work for your grade and she doesn't give helpful feedback."A fairly okay start with potential and room for improvement" is her go to feedback response. Bottom line: you will have to work. Go to her office hours, and put in the time and you get a good grade.
Extremely boring class. VERY picky with expectations for each specific paper.
It seems that no matter how many times I revise my papers they are never good enough. She is never very clear on what she wants from you. She is very boring.
AVOID! She grades very hard and isn't very clear on what she wants. Your midterm grade is pretty much what you get as a final grade. She never gives out A's and said a C means you're doing good. Tell that to my GPA.
Lubic is a poor instructor. She's ruthless in her comments on papers yet amazingly unhelpful when asked for clarification. If you have other choices for this class, pick another instructor.
She's extremely tough in grading and editing. Can be extremely blunt/harsh with papers. She has favorites and isn't afraid to single you out. She's helpful but you have to ask otherwise, she's not. Would not recommend.
Terrible! She is cold and completely tears your papers and ideas to shreds!
Tons of reading in first half of class, tons of deadlines, but made it easier at the end, completely tears apart your papers, freaks out if your papers aren't stapled
Did not like this professor, a lot of reading, tears apart your papers, very intimidating, selects certain topics for you to write about. Not a fun class, do not suggest this professor.
she scared the crap out of me by telling me at semester that there was almost no way i was going to pass the class... i didnt really do anything different because i thought i wouldnt pass anyway. yea and i ended up with a b+... it was retarded
I thought this class was really boring, but she was a really nice professor. I think that my writing skills have improved, but a lot of the information I already knew from high school. Kind of a waste of time, but also a good fresher upper!
Although I rarely went to her for help because she wasnt very good at clarifying or helping out for that matter, I learned alot in her class. At times I dreaded it because it was so BORING sometimes, but my writing stills have improved a great deal since hs. But she really really really cares for her student and she gives everyone a chance.
This class kinda sucks, you can never write a perfect paper cause she'l always find someting wrong with it. Lab days are boring, you can sit at your computer for 2 hours and do whatever you want. I never learned anything.
hard
Some fun off-topic class discussions, but as others have mentioned the class time always seems about 40 minutes too long. Labs are generally pointless: I was never in a writing mood in the morning in a stuffy computer lab. She demands a lot from your writing. If you're up to a challenge, take her; otherwise take another prof.
She is a hard prof, but prepares you well for your final portfolio. Don't be discouraged by her comments about your paper, even though they are a little harsh. If you follow her advice, it will serve you well at the end of the semester. As for taking her again, I wouldn't.
She seems like she's...kinda not into minorities...she kinda just passes by us and skips over to the other people in the class...As a friend said so too. I never learned n e thing, pointless and wasted my mornings. She acted like i couldn't leave class early...B please...my dad pays you to be here, i'll leave when i want!
This class really did suck...I see what everyone ment when they said she did not care about your grade...Her guidelines were super high and she alwyas made it seem like I was stupid...Guess she just has the effect on people.
This class is impossible. You have to be Hemingway to pass. DROP IT NOW!
Ms. Lubic is a fairly nice person, and the class is easy as long as you get your papers done and make sure you have many people read them, including Lubic!
I would give anything to be done with this class. I certainly am not the best writer, but this class stressed me out! My motivation level plumeted after the first paper i wrote. I don't get anything out of the class...especially actually being there
She does a good job of criticising your paper. She doesnt explian to you how to improve it. I DONT recomend taking this class!..and she had her favorites in the class!
Writing seemed to be a breeze in high school, but once I entered into her class, I hated it. She made me feel stupid in front of the whole class by reading my papers outloud and criticizing them. That shows that she is weak, cruel, and frightening.
If you have low self esteem, do not take this instructor, you will probably commit suicide by the end of the semester. She's not nice and she seems like she hates everyone, do anything you can to get out of this class.
I thought it was going to be fun in this class. she has made my writing experiences horrid. i get worried every time i turn in a paper. i would NOT take her as a professor.
I hated writing before the class and i didn't like it much more after the class. Prof. Lubic is a normal type of person but she doesn't care for how YOU personally do in the class. My advice- if you have to take her, do everything she suggests.
isn't nice when critizing and doesn't seem to have a nice nature of teaching the students
I took his Phil. of science class. I learned an astronomical amount in the class, but nearly all of it was self taught. Humphrey's is clearly an expert in his field, but he illustrates example after example without really explaining anything. He presupposes both a scientific and philosophical knowledge, with was fine for me, but may be problematic.
Not worth it if you are looking for an easy A. His tests can be from pretty obscure lecture notes.
Not really a difficult class in terms of material, Humphreys packs in about two hours worth of material into a 50 min. exam, in which a few math/logic oriented people do well, and the vast majority do a mediocre job. You get to teach yourself because his lectures don't help. Also, one goof-up will turn your A exam to a B-. Take only if interested.
If he didn't have a cool British accent, I would have never gone to class. Don't take this class unless you're already interested in logic because you end up teaching all the material to yourself. If you like the subject, the class ends up being pretty easy. Get Clint as your ta!! He's awesome.
He is very knowledgeable and clearly loves to teach history. The class is demanding with one 75 min lecture and then a few hours a week of watching lecture videos and then a few hours of reading. There are weekly online quizzes & class quizzes based on videos & readings. Several papers and grades depend on your TA. Exams are written to confuse you.
Not approachable at all and seems more into research than teaching
He's insane. He's impossible to understand and his mustache is far too distracting. But he is entertaining. If you aren't good at science and need to get a lab out of the way, it's a good way to do that.
Not the best lectures, but since Lieth didn't take attendence, I stopped going, and still got a B overall. Fortunatly he follows the textbook very strictly, and his tests are very straight-forward. Overall, a good class, since I could afford to skip the bulk of it. Lab sections (taught by assistants), were easy as hell too.
I hate this man. If you're not sucking up to him, then dont bother asking for help. Hes a PERFECTIONIST and wants everything to be exactly how he explains. No exceptions. His lectures are aweful and painful to listen to. Avoid at all cost!
His classes are pretty bland with a few jokes thrown in every now and again to draw people out of their laptops. I learned a bit, but that was from what he said in the lectures, not the books. The exams are super hard, but he does drop the lowest test score and warn people (give a good exam review) to be fair.
He is not interesting at all, but it's a pretty easy class. You wouldn't have to go to class if it wasn't for his little pop quizes. Even those count for only a few points. All you need to do to get an A is read the book and do the study guide that he gives out.
He lectures everyday, and its the same routine. You get a studying guide right before the tests and the next day is the test. If you just read the book you dont have to go to class. I never went because when I did i didnt pay attention. So if you can teach yourself, then its not that bad of a class. Work hard and you can pass easily.
this guy goes off of the subject on so many occasions. read the book, get the study guide, no need to go to class at all. half of the class is on aim most of the time anyways.
The lecture is so boring to me. He does catch my attention everyonce in a while when he freaks out about something. I notice that he tends to wear the same 3 shirts to class, i pay more attention to that than the classs itself.
The class is somewhat difficult, but Dr.Leith is pretty excited about the material.
Very nice man that obviously cares about his students and the material, but he is very monotone. One of those classes that you never know what's going on. Assigns way too much reading for 100 level class. Lectures are boring and confusing because you never know what's going on. Grades assignments weirdly too.
Lectures are very boring and hard to follow. He seems very nice and grades extremely easy though. If you have trouble paying attention to boring lectures do not take honestly. Weekly quizzes but they are extremely easy.
Super nice and educational professor. He definitely knows what he's talking about which makes it hard for a student in an intro class. He goes on tangents that are hard to follow because you don't know the content he is talking about. Super, super nice and supportive, just wouldn't recommend for a 100 level class.
He gives lots of reading but i never usually did any of it. He is super off track and its so hard to study because i don't know if what he is saying is an anecdote or actual things i need to learn.
Boring and extremely monotone. He will talk with no slides the entire lecture. Hard to listen to him and pay attention. He is a fairly easy grader, though. Papers aren't too hard, tests aren't too hard. Just very boring. 510 would not take again. Didn't have to read the textbook at all and did fine.
He is a very nice man however, he is very soft spoken so it is easy to drift off during his lectures. If any of you are taking this class for a gen ed, just don't. This class was very difficult especially the papers. I never fully understood what we were learning. Unless you are big on political science just do yourself a favor and switch out.
Professor Cornish may be interesting, but if only if you can keep up with his reading. He rely's heavily on essays and you have to read more than in all of my other four courses combined. He is a super nice guy, but it is a large work load and he doesnt seem to realize that students cant keep up with it.
He's nice.
I had him for other courses but after this class I was very dissapointed. I fail the 2nd essay but he never gave it back to me? Very boring class. If you dont like poli sci do NOT take this class or prof. If you need it for your major it would not be that bad but the reading is difficult and boring!
Im interested in the topic, he does make it boring. There's a lot of reading and the simulation requires a lot of work. I would advise to write the mid term essay in advance to study for the test..he will go off on tangets sometimes as well and its hard to figure out where he is wanting to go.
I was interested in the subject,but he made it so boring and he is quite vauge. On my essay he wrote "ok" and graded it 25/30. What does that mean? He grooms himself and that's super annoying. The simulation is stupid and redundant. Typical, boring prof. I had a neutral experience.
Very boring and dry. Grades pretty hard and expects way too much of his students. I think he forgets that we all have other classes other than his own... lots of boring readings and hard exams!
The lectures aren't so bad, but the things he lectures on aren't on the tests! If it weren't for the study guides, we'd all fail. And, he add this this part to every essay question: "Place your answer in the context of the class" which no one
Cornish is tough. When he lectures it seems as if he's lecturing to a PoliSci elite. Difficult to follow, I'd suggest reading the text, but that's as vague as he is. Has a tendency to groom facial hair while staring out into space.
Can be a little hard to follow sometimes, but overall a fairly good teacher. He does have a little quirk - he seems to have a sly smile about everything. Don't know what that's about...
Doesn't care about students' grades, unorganized, hard to understand, but funny at times.
extremely intelligent, constantly smiles as if he is extremely proud of what he is saying, wierd sense of humor, wanders during lecture, nice guy
condesending of students, yells a lot, but easy grader
too smart to understand if your iq isn't over 130
BORING LECTURES, essay tests, boring!
He knows what he's talkimg about, but he really doesn't answer your questions.te
Loves to talk and gets borning sometimes, but easy. Don't take in the morning
DO NOT TAKE A CLASS BY HIM...Hard tests, can not lecture, very confusing
You have to do nothing to do badly in this class. It's a boring class, but its not a difficult one. Shes not very friendly but she gets the job done. You have to read to do well on the test, and pay attention in class. If you go to class, read and give a little effort you will get a B or better. Anyone who says otherwise is lazy.
Really, not that bad. Don't really have to go to class, recitation is sort of a waste of time, but an easy A.
HORRIBLE!! Goes off on tangents about how she lived in Africa,who cares if it's irrelevant?I found her arrogant(without reason)and extremely unapproachable!Too hard for an intro class, don't recommend taking it at all!Safe yourself the headaches and seeing ur GPA drop,not worth your time or effort!!
Gave out too much homework. I did not know how to study for his tests
I was lost the first week. Retook it with different teacher and got an A
he is very biased
This professor was okay. He was very timely and got my grades back to me quickly, but also graded tough. The only feedback he ever gave was usually negative unless it was perfect. He had so many essays and that was annoying.
Nice I guess but her class was so boring and she graded so harshly. Answers basically had to be the EXACT words she said in class.
Dr. Rosenthal did not give clear rubrics for what she wanted on literary commentaries or tests (she gives tests in essay format). She made us buy 2 large (and somewhat expensive books)and 5 major stories we had to fend for ourselves and hopefully find online for free somewhere. Isn't clear, and assumes everyone understands what she is talking about
Had for English comp. Alot of homework. Doesn't teach much in class. All homework and then saying how we did it, but she doesn't explain much.
Really nice woman, but her tests are impossible and her lectures are very boring. I hope you're good at memorization because it is key to getting a good grade. However, if you hand in papers and participate in class, you should squeak by with a C.
Rosenthal's grading criteria is unclear, and she gives little feedback. Participation is VERY important, but she wants to lecture even though she says she wants discussion. Fight to get a word in every class! Don't buy the texts-you can find all the readings online. Exams are traditional essay. You will run out of time but she CURVES massively.
She's a nice person; my biggest complaint is about the "commentaries" which we had to write on some stories. While you aren't allowed to look anything up about the themes, etc. you are expected to come up with what she believes is the correct answer. People who looked stuff up got better grades. If your trying to be honest, your grade suffers.
Run! This woman is ridiculous. Incredibly boring and takes attendance every class. If you miss 5 you automatically fail the course and is also 1/3 of your grade. She marked half the class absent when SHE showed up 25 minutes late and half the class had left after the mandated 15/20 minute waiting period. Do not take her or your gpa will suffer.
Do not take if you don't like participating, cuz if you don't participate, your grade will suffer, and she is the hardest grader EVER! You have to tell her what she wants to hear, she feels that she is always right. Nice personality, terrible prof.
Wow it is so hard to follow whats going on. She is always behind the schedule and is soooo boring.
This professor is frustrating; unless you somehow know how she feels about a text, you can't possibly have the right answer. She purposely covers mostly female writers and offers only narrow interpretations, shooting down students who try to read into the text themselves. Tests are essays that she grades based on how she feels about the stories.
Very Hard Class, doesn't like to give anything above a C... FIND ANOTHER PROF!!
Do not take this class with her if you are sane. the worst professor i had during my college career. in plain english, its a waste of time, money, and effort.
Your 'commentaries' will be little more than toilet paper to her. If reading minds and the stifling of creativity is not your forte, I'd advise against taking this class. Just write down everything SHE says and regurgitate it for the exams.
Don't disagree with her. PICKY grader, nice lady though, crazy outfits!
have thick skin - if she doesn't agree, she'll tell you...otherwise, good prof
she asks for your opinion, and then tells you it's wrong...what's with that!?
does not teach well at all. I learned everything from online homework and personal studying. not necessary to show up to class at all.
Always ask questions when unclear, she will usually try to explain again. WebAssign homework barely applies to what is covered in lectures. Take notes to study for exams and quizzes.
I was so glad I took CHM 109 before her class. If I hadn't, I would have been completely lost. It was hard to understand a lot of her explanations and most of the time I ended up more confused. She is very nice and is quite knowledgeable about chemistry, but she is not a good teacher.
RUN AWAY! She has no control over the classroom. Often class would start talking and she could not quiet them down. She rearranges her powerpoint during class, wasting time. Exams dont follow the notes. Sequence of topics is illogical. Exams often cover material that was not discussed thoroughly, while thoroughly covered material was barely covered
She needs to teach more. She doesnt teach us at all. I learn more in SLA than i do her actual class.
Not as bad as everyone thought...boring, but tests were not difficult.
FIX YOUR FRICKEN POWER POINTS LATER!!! Her lack of organization and her need to correct mistakes on power point was rude and unprofessional during class. She is a very intelligent woman... great with Chem... not with her students.
all of above are true!
Run while you still can!!
not good
Wow. Never had I walked out of a class feeling dumber. Very smart woman, not a good teacher. Too smart to teach, possibly. Can't explain anything, answers questions with questions. Would not recommend
Judgemental. Never know what she really thinks. Hard to get definite answer from her when you need it. Maybe belongs in research lab and not in classroom.
VERY disorganized. I never understood what was going on because she jumped from topic to topic. Nothing seemed to relate. She understands it, but doesn't know how to teach it in a comprehensible format.
Can't explain anything...She was MUCH better for 115, because she was actually somewhat organized for that. She's a very smart woman, but doesnt know how to teach it.
Covers one thing, tests over something completely different.
good luck really smart and really bad at teaching you anything. boring.
hard grader, attend class daily! good luck!
too easy, doesn't make things very clear, don't take if you also need chem 116!!
If U actually do your work and go to class it's simple, but don't take her!
you spend lots of time on basic things and breeze through the difficult stuff, s
Tests are very hard. She doesn't explain example problems clearly.
She doesn't make concepts very clear. connections b/t topics are not made clear
He means well and is a nice guy, but he doesn't really answer any question you have for him fully and clearly. It seems like he is doing this in an effort to try to make you arrive to the answer yourself, but that doesn't really work for the amount of new material in this class. It's upsetting that he was the only option for this course for 2 years
Hardest CS class I have ever taken at state. Honestly, go for Root if you are trying to take Algorithms.
Preface: Ive worked as a sys admin for more than 10 years. The problem with carrol is he made an easy subject 10x harder than it should by forcing artificial limitations. It would be easier to engineer the software from scratch than do it the way he wants which requires very specific knowledge that is 100% useless in the real world. Not good.
Very hard class. He reads from his slides (which are straight from lecture notes you buy), so being in class doesn't exactly add anything to your education. He KNOWS the subject, but doesn't want to see you in his office hours/answer questions in class. Deals better with computers than people, if you want a good answer, send an email instead.
You will have 3 projects which are only worth a total of 25% of your grade. The final and midterm is worth a heavy majority of your grade, 75% total. The lectures in were very dry with his notes in 8pt font on the projector and him reading it to you. His exam reviews don't help much at all.
The guy is very hard and too vague when you ask him what you should study for an exam.He looks nice but he always tries to cut points.He has one of the most boring lectures ever.CS560 is hard with anyone,but this professor is NOT a good choice.His midterm and homework are 25% each and the final(comprehensive)is 50%.Root might be a better choice.
thinks she is the prof.,class made me want to stable my head to the floor
Had her for a hybrid course. In class lectures are pointless. Did all the reading, studying and learning outside of class. There are a lot of tests, but they are easy and one big group project at the end of the semester - which is a fairly easy project, but the groups are big which causes some issues. Do the readings and it should be an easy A.
I had to drop this class half way through the semester, I did all of the readings, joined a study group and still failed both exams. It was very discouraging. I think she is nice and has good intentions, but her grading is much too harsh and so are her expectations.
She seems to be a really nice person, but this class is ridiculous. She has these almost every day quizzes that are pretty much impossible. She lives off of trick questions. Half of the notes she makes you take you do not use. It was an incredibly dry subject and she did not attempt to make it interesting.
Exam are very hard and she doesnt teach so you need to teach yourself. Hard grader on other things too, must attend every class or be lost. I studied a ton and got a B
She's very picky about everything. Acts nice but the class is lame, boring, lots of reading, and the knowledge feels pointless. Reminds me of high school i.e. "why do I have to learn this?" Definately NOT money well spent.
This class is impossible to keep up with. The load is so huge there is no time for other classes. Though she prepares you to have ESL learners in your classroom, she grades completely unfair.
too many projects, tough midterm and final study everything, annoying laugh.
Super hard.Memorized everything in every chapter, never learned so much before.I screwed up multiple times with deadlines and attendance, and that screwed me.She has no mercy, and attendance takes priority to knowledge and effort.Must learn every list from every chapter, end chapter questions, case studies etc.Death will be quick if not.
Nice lady, decent teaching methods but a little too much busy work. Exams were tricky because her questions were poorly written (and no amount of studying can fix that).
Her tests were TOO LONG, it was actually distracting, and impossible to finish. She needs to explain briefly about the concept, then give senarios and examples. Instead of drag on about the subjects, and no examples. Then, in her tests were ALL senarios. What's wrong w/ this lady?
I was enrolled in Krentler's class a long time ago and i remeber her being quite profesional and seemed to be in love with her line of work. Highly competent and classes interesting but I did not too well so I'll put the blame on myself. the only thing that bothered me is when i asked her why i got a certain score on my paper she was very indirect.
This woman needs a hobby, she lives for this class! Only take her if you have nothing better to do than devot a semester to nothing but marketing. In class and online assignments can really hurt your grade if you dont do them! Lecutres easy tests too hard!
lecture does not help tests...very boring
She is the biggest nightmare of my academic life. She requires a LOT of time outside of class and if you work or have a full class load it really gets irritating. At the end, You will want to throw the textbook at her and shut her annoying mouth up. She is not a teacher that likes to help people naturally. Save yourself the hassle.
horrible! just plain horrible! try to AVOID! tests consist of short answer and mult. choice. course consists of three test and online/inclass exercises. tests are multiple choice and short answer. you will not get a better grade than a c unless you're one of the nerds who sits up front of the class and talks to krentler every class period.
very very bad! you will sleep in class. she gives short answer questions but she will never give you full credit unless she knows you.
the worst teacher ever. she subtracts a point if you get a wrong answer. tried to hard to stay awake in class but she made me sleep. dont even think about taking her class.
Let's just say you better read every word of the book and study the powerpoints left right and upside down. She definitely knows a lot but you are basically responsible for teaching yourself. She'll guide you better then she'll teach you. Oh and also, the tests are extremely tough. Good luck!
This woman needs a hobby. She is obviously WAY too into marketing for her own good, and she doesn't understand why everyone else isn't. And to make it worse the AC was broke for half the semester, so it smelled in there too...it was like my own personal hell. Study a little, get extra participation points and you'll be fine.
You have to go to class for participation or you will lose. I got a B on every exam and ended up with a C in the class cuz i missed a few partip. points. This isn't a class you take lighlty. You have to study and know your ****. But that's what upper division classes are all about... so dont complain.
She is one of the oughest professors at SDSU. She takes this classes too seriously, she makes it way harder than it is. I have a great GPA and always get A's and B;s, however I had to invest so much time to receive a C. If I knew she was this hard, I wold of dropped the class. Good Luck!
Krentler looks and talks like a witch... MAYBE it's because she is! DON'T TAKE HER! She will make your life MISERABLE! She has no understanding of marketing and can't teach for sh*t. I am a straight A student and got a C- in her class. If you are smart, AVIOD her or your semester will be hell...that's where you will be Krentler!
Her lectures have a lot of good information but are not useful on the tests-which are freaking hard!Difficult class to stay awake in.She's okay-actually right now I love her because she dropped the scale for our last exam, and I passed the class.I would have killed myself if I had to take it again.
blah
Lectures are very boring. Never stops talking the whole class. Participation exercise very important. Tests questions are long and confusing. some short answer.
can't stand her voice. makes my ears ring. Do the essay and go for all the participation points. Test are hard be ready to study
I hated this class. I couldn't stand going to her lectures. They were soooooo boring. My grade reflected on this. Participation is worth up to 25% of your grade. If you want to learn about marketing techniques take another teacher!
Her lack of enthusiam for the class made me grateful that I'm not a Marketing major
very hard, not interesting at all, lectures alllll class along, bring a pillow and i think this class would be more enjoyable, she does however know just about all there is to know about marketing
krentler is a very nice lady but shes boring, makes a short story long and her tests are extremely difficult. requires A LOT of class participation. definately cannot breeze through or get an easy A.
Don't buy the book. Memorize her lectures and use the study guide for everything. Think about it 3 tests w/35 questions each, she's not looking for depth she is looking to see that just the basic idea was made. THE STUDY GUIDE WILL HELP YOU!!!!
a pro at makin a simple 30mins lec&stretchin it out to 2hr non-stopped. lec by the bk, exms have nothin to do w/ her lectures. nice but impossible to convince--even if u're right! shes bias&a hard grder. only take her if enjoy applyin mktg to daily life.
Lecture aided by powerpoint, three exams and three short papers. Attendancence counts.Designs her exams to be ambiguous, and to ruin any chances you might have of getting an A in her class. Read the book, as well as attend class, because you will need it.
Very Very BORING! She does not take a break, because she knows students wouldn't come back after the break. Thats how boring she is. 30% of tests are short essay and greaded hard. You don't get compensated with her boring lecture. Learned nothing!!!
Very boring class, Not easy at all, Her T.A.'s grade everything way too hard, the paper is very difficult, the test are exremely hard. I do not recommend.
most boring lectures ever
Horrible, worst ever, dont take, she dosent even know what shes teaching
Not a good lecturer, extremely difficult tests, very enthusiastic about mktg.
Angry person who doesnt have any real life experience
thinks everyone is a freakin markt major.tests really hard & no curve. suxxx
Horrible teacher Makes interesting material boring Won't help you & grades hard
evil women, very hard class, interesting info. but almost everyone fails tests
Class average on tests is 67%. No curve.
Honest truth here. If you can pass this class with a "B" or better congrats you are studying the right major! Read the book! Do not rely on the HP calculator! One thing that bothered my: Why can't they use another finance book? I guess tha
surprised to read other comments, he is a little mean when people ask questions, sometimes just laughs at them, but he is very experienced and knows a lot about finance, but he's pretty hard and so are the tests.
As if Finance weren't PAINFUL enough! AVOID THIS GUY LIKE THE PLAGUE!!! Read comments below, its ALL TRUE
Avoid this teacher!
Fifteen minutes to pass out a test? Gimme a break!!!!!
Pre-recorded lectures. Requires webcam for exams. Do not take.
waiting in line for the DMV is more entertaining than this class. She is probably the worst lecturer in terms of teaching the material. I tried so hard to stay awake but couldn't because of how dull she is. Class isn't too difficult, but recommend taking the class with a different professor. overall, one of the worst BA350 professors.
the tests are tough, the lectures are interesting. Don't buy the book save your money.
Her class isnt bad if you are just trying to pass. If you are trying to get an A, you are going to have to put in a lot of studying. She RUSHES and speaks WAY too fast during lecture! Expects you to know several lists and what everything means, you really have to master her slides. Not an easy A at all! Wouldnt take another class with her.
She is a good instructor. She explains very well the material. She uses a lot of powerpoints. But the hard part are her exams, very confusing and tricky. Must master her powerpoints very well!!!
She is a very nice prof. you should always go to class to take note and fill out the blank parts of slides. there is 4 test, the lowest one will drop with 3 easy homework. The tests are extremely hard. With just studying the note you wont be able to get a good grade. You should study the book and note and be able to analyze all different situation
She is a good professor. But her exams are only based on the concepts not much on definition. I got confused in most questions, a lot of concepts relate and that is wat through me off.
Very nice woman. Buy the book! You need to remember a LOT of stuff for tests. Her TA is sweet but incapable. Don't bother emailing- wont get a response
Waste of time.
Do not take her unless u have no other option. Tests are tricky hard and are broadly covered by lecture which is extremely obvious and boring.
I thought she was okay at first. Her tests are hard and confusing. After that I thought she was a ****.
sarcastic teacher, when she agrees with you, she rolling her eyes also
Decent teacher, talks a little fast, drinks too much caffeine. Tests for this class are on Bb and are open note.
Most chaotic class I've taken so far. I haven't learned anything yet and don't hope to.
waste of time, avoided teaching at all costs
Did not challenge me. More concerned with giving good grades than teahing
Very unclear about expectations. Tends to talk in circles a lot of the time. Also tends to favor certain students.
Professor is very knowledgeabe, however, not very clear on expectations. Very hard grader if you have not had this Professor before. Recommend talking to other students or the Professor before turning in assignments.
His classes are easy if you do the readings and are considered a creative writer. Don't expect to learn much, because I didn't. seemingly a nice Professor, however, be careful, he talks about students behind their backs.
this guy is hilarious, but he can be confusing about what he really wants from you in the assignments. all in all. he really does not seem as bad as all of these other comments. just another professor who grades hard
Really bad professor!!! I got sick and had to have surgery and he was so unwilling to let me turn in an assignment a little late that I ended up having to drop the class. POINTLESS assignments and a lot of watching movies for no reason. I was stupid and didn't listen to everyone else's comments- trust me- do not take this class with him!
He was so unhelpful. I took the CD Rom class and he never once emailed me back, resulting in a really back mark on my grade report. When I called the dept. they said they couldn't help me...it was his discretion. What a nut.
the ridiculous amount of work he assigns is graded unfairly. everyone gets a b who is anywhere between showing up to class and writing a long, well thought-out paper. only his favorites get As, and he decides them the first day of class.
horrible horrible horrible. hate hate hate. never never never. i think that sums it up for you. UGH!
Annoying, sometimes unintentionally offensive. Relates everything to bad movies
He talks way too much about stuff that doesn't pertain to class. Of the 3 hour labs, the first 100 min are him talking without adding much, just bloviating. In his lectures he spends the first 20 min talking about last nights homework, 10 on the actual lecture, and 30 on tonights homework. Homework every day, very heavy tests, very harsh grader.
Nice guy, but impossible to follow. Rushes through every lecture, spends two minutes on how to do the homework. Expects you to memorize everything instantly. 3+ hrs of homework every night & 5+ hrs weekly on lab reports. Homework impossible, brutal tests, Tutor Lab is worthless. If you have other classes or a job, you will fail.
He's insulting towards students, and he's incapable of answering questions. Each day he talks about how useless physics is (its a calculus based physics class). I feel like he is trying to brainwash me into hating science. I do not recommend him at all. The subject matter is difficult, but his grading policies are overly easy with loads of EC.
He is very rude and insulting to his students.
hardest class i've taken. assigned a 12 page max research paper, and a group project based off the book 1984. there were no tests. also had weekly assignments that came from the book that took awhile to complete. he knows what he's talking about, but he is intense and expects a lot from you. it's a hard class, but i learned a lot.
4 speeches were the only assignments. expects a lot out of his students. when he goes off topic, it's entertaining and you still learn something, even if it had nothing to do with communications. practice your speeches beforehand!
Took his class 12 yrs ago. I still think of him too often as the single, worst excuse for an educater that I have seen. I was astounded that someone so incompetent could be so arrogant! Each class was an opportunity to bask in his greatness. My fondest memory? "the dialectic" . His ridiculous attempt to sound profound.
Wouldn't recommend his class for communications. If you want to learn about his view on politics and how you should be a democrat then its perfect!
The entire class consists of lectures. He's entertaining and tells a lot of stories, but I'm not exactly what's important and what isn't. No tests, but the final exam is a 12 page research paper. Doesn't post grades or anything on blackboard.
He is a very interesting guy, but is a horrible teacher. assigned way to much busy work, which he didnt grade. I did every single journal and chapter question, attended class regularly and actually spent a bunch of time on a ridiculously hard paper and got a B. He never once gave us any indication of our grades until he posted it online.
HATE THIS PROFESSOR! had him for interpersonal communications. if you want to take a class about someone's point of view on life then this is the class for you. he brings politics into all his lectures and tells you that your views are all wrong. you only learn about his life and nothing else in the class.
He is a great guy and very smart. You have to do a lot of homework, but he wants you to learn. Be prepared to listen to his political views EVERY DAY. He's a great speaker and is good at motivation you. He tells a lot of stories, some of them are interesting. don't take this class if you're looking for an easy A.
This guy used this FILM class to rant about his political views. When he noticed me shaking my head one day while he was spewing his liberal crap he asked why. When i said I didn't agree with his opinions he told me that they were FACTS. Knew nothing about film. should not have been teaching this class. also his SON was in the class.
Doesn't talk about about the material at all. Only tells stories about his life. try's to be a little to personal with his students
It's not a teacher's job to voice their political opinions in class. Also, to the last person, Grandville is a wealthy suburb and the last time I checked wealth means a good education. So honestly, I don't get why you even bothered saying that like it's some kind of insult.
If you're not a note taker, too bad. He'll go off on you for not taking notes.
This guy had to teach his class outside. His head was too big to get through the door. Talk about self-love.
WHAT CLASS IS THIS AGAIN?
Learned more about the Vietnam War in this class than in history class!
I would avoid taking this professor if you can. She expects a lot out of students, and tends to assume students have a lot more 'privilege' than they actually do. She makes me not like feminism, and her grading for the essays we have to complete is super random. The prompts for our papers are very unclear, so you never know how you're going to do.
I did not enjoy Bauer's class. She often left passive-aggressive comments on assignments. We had to read 50+ pages a week to write 8-page essays. We have the same political opinions, but I wish we had some sort of debate instead of just everyone saying the same thing over and over in class. I did not learn anything in this class. Do not recommend.
I never paid attention in lectures so as long as you do well on the responses/writing assignments, your grade will be fine. No exams but there is also one 5 minute presentation at the end of the semester. She definitely doesn't grade the writing easy but if you are a decent writer and put in effort you can definitely get an A.
Friendly professor, very interesting material if you care about Africa. Experienced, knowledgeable and forms individual relationships with most students. Highly recommend! I love this class.
not very open-minded!
Not a bad class, but she can be very condescending
Dr Rice is amazingly talented, and has obviously overcome a lot in life. However, I don't feel that he's the greatest ever just because he's blind. He's very smart and knowledgeable, but that doesn't always make a good teacher. I found him hard to follow and very monotonous.
He's a incredibly smart teacher. but he also talks in a way that is hard 2 understand where he is going. Lectures are incredibly boring.
I loved film studies before this class but now I'm changing my major. She assigns too many long and random readings that are either redundant or never discussed in class. You don't need to come to class because she doesn't take attendance. Professor Nilsen taught FTS 007 much better. Despite all of this the class is an easy A.
seriously this guy does suck. his classes are interesting but have no clue what he wants in his test.ull prob get an F even if you study a lot.
I hated this class. I didn't learn a single thing.
Pretty good teacher. If you complain alot she will give into you. She is pretty hot i would throw one at her.
I found him very hard to listen to in leacture and he often was hard to follow. The work was pretty easy for the most part but the tests are what hurt. The entire class is based on test and the quizzes you take evryday. If you dont like having a quiz everyday dont take this class.
His examples in class and on the quizzes are much easier than the tests.
you can never ask any questions...
this guy is a dink. you ask a ? and he answers with one don't take him
Read and do yourself a favor by learning basic african geography or you'll never understand what's going on. You HAVE to STUDY. The final is cumulative but he grades on a curve
Dr King was very boring to have. He doesn't do much to help you when it comes to exams. He has a 7 page paper you have to do and very little for you to work with when it comes to it. Gives out no rubrics and hard to please. He stutters and makes way too much eye contact. His lectures are uninteresting and he rambles a lot.
King is a sweet guy who knows a lot about history, however he is a horrible teacher! He gives you notes that have no information in them and makes you read an unrealistic amount from the textbook each week. He expects that everyone knows history just as well as him which is obviously not the case. If you take this class, avoid this teacher!
Prof. King is so sweet and really a nice guy. That said, this class is SO boring and I found it way to intense for a gen ed! There are a ton of readings and you need to know so much information for the midterm and final. Your grade is made up of: 2 movie reviews, 1 book review, midterm and final. I wouldn't suggest taking this class.
Dr. King means well, because you can tell he is extremely passionate about Africana studies, but his lectures are way to fast paced, and he assumes you know everything about history prior to attending his class. There are a lot of big readings and something as simple as a movie review turns into a 4 page analytical essay!
Unless you absolutely love history, don't take his class. To fulfill cluster one needs- i'd advise taking something easier. He is a very tough grader- especially on the papers, and his study guides are a list of terms, that we're supposed to know everything about. OH YES LETS KNOW EVERYTHING THERE IS TO KNOW ABOUT TIBET. attendance taken daily.
Hard!!!! Class is like taking another language, very intense. read the book and study in groups. going to his office hrs don't really help much. He's a nice man
his class is really boring, but he is really nice. there's a ton of reading in this class though. the tests aren't bad, but you definitely have to study for them!!
The only thing I can say is do the reading before class because he jumps around in lectures and you won't know what he is talking about. His tests are only hard because he includes "all of the above" and "none of the above" for almost all of the questions..that's the only thing that gets me. A lot of things he lectures about seems pointless to the class. He is a cool guy but I would reccomend trying to get someone else for the class.
i was very confused in this class... it was supposed to be a current events class, but all we learned about was African history... i was never sure what i was supposed to know, or what i was supposed to do for assignments
SO BORING! Tests were really hard but easy assignments for grades
he makes no sense in his lectures...good luck! but nice guy
It's a world studies class, but yet all we talk about is Africa
a little too concerned with all of the african crap, a little ****
Haris is certainly a very smart guy, and his arrogance is right on par with it. Expects you to know things that he thinks are simple because he's been doing them (as he loves to tell you) for 30 years. Helpful in that he is knowledgable, but only if you can get him to give you any answers at all.
Arch is very knowledgable and lets you know that in every conversation you have with him. Be prepared to learn on your own. Will answer questions but only after they have been checked through his "good question f.a.q." Expectations are high and unless you know the langauge already don't expect to do well.
The only reason I liked taking his class, was because attendance is not mandatory. If you've taken calc before, take this class, otherwise you're going to struggle. He gives 2 tests and a final, and that's your grade.
it was his first-semester teaching lecture and it showed. He runs through everything very fast and vaguely. The tests he made were unnecessarily hard. He was an alright teacher but he weighed stuff really weird causing grades to drop like crazy
Do not take without taking Calc before. does not really teach just goes through problems super fast. He told us we would go over homework every class and never did. Only has two tests and final that gets graded, no quizzes, attendance, homework credit.
Only grades off of 3 tests including the final. He goes so fast and you can barely read his handwriting on the board. Curves some tests, but even with a curve the average grade is 65. DO NOT TAKE!!!
Marafino is an extremely intelligent mathematician but the way in which he explains the course material is more confusing than it has to be. He's also a goofy sort of guy at times so if you have a sense of humor you'll laugh every now and then. It's a tough class, learning center is a necessity!!!
The class itself is very difficult. He's very theoretical minded, so examples aren't normal. The tests were take home and you were allowed to get his help. The class isn't the worst, but you definitely have to work for everything you get. He's not afraid to fail people.
This class is said to be the easiest math class offered but it's definitely a challenge. The class revolves around the history of Mathematics all the way back to the way the Babylonians solved math problems. The problems you learn how to solve are useless and overcomplicated. He goes pretty fast and it can be easy to miss a step and fall behind.
There are better professors than him who make it easier to understand the material, because calculus is hard--there'e no way around how hard it is. If you're registered for the class, get ready to find a tutor (they're at Roop Hall) to help. He's unnecessarily tough.
I am taking complex variables with Dr. Marafino. the worst professor I have ever had. The material is not hard, but his grading style makes impossible. It does not matter if you get the question right, if he thinks there is a better way to do it he will slam you. comments he gives on homework consist of "why?" then he does the same thing in class.
Worst teacher i've ever had. Ended the semester with four A's and one D. The D was from Marafino....how does he still have a job?
This teacher was impossible. i ended up failing the class, but i didn't feel bad once i had retaken it b/c half of my new class was in marifino's with me the previous semester. if you like doing proofs and axioms like crazy, this is the guy for you.....he mmore proofs and a lot less of numbers and applications of things
Insanely hard class. I had never taken calculus before, but I knew ppl who had and got the same grade as I did. For one test I spent 10+ hours studying and still got a D. Even the Wilson helpers could not solve some of his problems that were on the test. I knew the material but he just made the tests way too hard.
NOT an easy class. i took calc in high school and i basically ran off of that. lectures are not very interesting/ clear. hard to understand sometimes. not always clear on how to solve problems. if you do get him go to office hours that's the only thing that will save your grade
I wouldn't take him again in a million years. Stay away from his class.
somewhat difficult for an easy math. Worthless information.
honestly i would not take her again. overall she wasn't awful but the tests were so extremely detailed and precise. you absolutely had to know the topic to get a good grade. i never got anything below a b- on the tests but i also reviewed the powerpoints for hours. did give some test questions though. not awful but for a gened definitely other prof
All assignments are provided at the beginning of the year, which is convenient, but lectures are boring and she doesn't let you use any tech in class. Besides a couple tid bits here and there, you can learn everything you need for the exams from the slides she posts on canvas. (which is what I did)
She is honestly just not a kind woman. She tries to be relatable which is nice sometimes. I did well in the class and stayed out of her way. The way she talks to some students is just absurd. Easy class though.
Don't take Sutton for just a gen-ed requirement. If you're pre-med, she's great because you really need to know your stuff for tests. There are 4 in person 100 MC/TF tests. She allows no technology whatsoever. Most of your note taking will need to be done outside of class because she moves so quickly through the slideshow.
4 in-person exams, physical activity logs, online quizzes. Exams are difficult but not impossible. Lectures provide some key information for exams. Do not be late to class, attendance has some impact on grade but a few absences are excused on the final grade.
I would not take Dr. Sutton again. She is not understanding at all, does not know how to use technology and is condescending a lot of the time. I only went to lecture because sometimes she says some crazy things and it was entertaining. The exams are hard and she does not go over a lot of the material. She expects a lot of you for a gen ed.
Lectures take the full class period but she goes through the slides fast and expects you to take notes at home. Has no flexibility with assignments and quizzes. Doesn't allow technology unless you sit in the front row. She gives out some test questions in her lecture and slides, but other than that her tests are 100 questions.
Just know that there is absolutely zero flexibility with grading and assignments. Not very understanding about grades and not interested in hearing any excuses.
If you want an easy A for a Gen Ed take another professor save yourself the headache
super easy class, but lectures are brutally boring. she does give you test questions and answers during lectures, but unprofessionally overshares personal information, which can become irritating. offers extra credit if attend 70% of classes. super easy A but dreadful classes and stories. would take someone else if you can avoid her
i typically try to give teachers the benefit of the doubt, but i really just did not like her. she treats everyone like they are still in elementary school and her lectures are so boring. you have to take handwritten notes and if you want to use a computer you have to sit in the front row. bad teacher + boring class does not make a good time
she is really funny but so disorganized. she backtracks so much during lectures its painful to sit through. tests (4) are 100 questions which is a drag but if you go to class she basically tells you exactly whats on them. if you attended 70% of classes she gives you a chance to earn 10 points of extra credit. bought a textbook, but didnt use it
Her class was basically an art class. I drew in my notebook because she either flys through the notes or takes the whole class to go through 7 slides. Lectures are boring and goes off topic. The exams are 100 questions and can be hard at times. Took 5 points off for not putting the word count. PowerPoint's are on canvas. All exams & few assignments
EASIEST CLASS I'VE EVER TAKEN. Never used the textbook. She randomly started doing zoom meetings but I didn't go to a single one because you weren't required to go and I was doing just fine. I looked at the class schedule maybe once a week to see what I needed to do and I wouldn't go back until the next week, so so so easy online.
I honestly have been to 1 zoom since we moved all online and I still have an A. Pretty easy and there's only a few quizzes and tests but you do have to a workout log and wellness passport but they're not bad. Easy A if you barely even try.
Dr. Sutton is a mess. She talked about the same 5 things at the beginning of EVERY. SINGLE. CLASS, and then when notes started she would become very distracted and go through the slides quickly. Super boring and attendance is required with no skips. Just overall super annoying. Please skip so you live a better life.
This class was so painful. She just lectures the whole time but rambles on about other random things for the first half of class so you really just teach yourself. Not hard, she posts powerpoints on canvas and thats really all you need for the tests.
Entirely too focused on students following directions rather than learning material. Will give a zero on a 100 point assignment if you make one just mistake, like falling one word short of the word count. Intentionally gives stressful, high stakes assignments. Treats adults like kindergartners through paternalistic attendance sheets. No 2nd chances
Deb makes this class harder then it needs to be. If you try you will do fine but you must study for tests. Sutton is not accommodating and she will yell at anyone for anything in the middle of class. She is very condescending. Not all of her projects are Ethical including asking students for medical records.
Dr. Sutton is incredibly knowledgeable, but can be irritating, especially after an hour. Her class is easy, but it's very important that you don't miss deadlines. Grades mostly consist of simple assignments that are incredibly tedious, but are essential to success. She's definetly a tolerable professor, but enter the class knowing boredom ensures.
Would not recommend. Doesn't teach anything in class and says we have to learn off the powerpoint on our own time, spends half the class telling irrelevant stories, yet attendance is mandatory. Pretty degrading towards her students as well and before most exams and assignments acts like we are all stupid. Not too hard of a class but a waste of time
Do NOT take this class. Every class she talks about the wellness passports. Before she starts the powerpoints she goes on and on about absolutely nothing and then towards the end of class clicks through the powerpoint really fast because she ate up all her time.
go to class! she gives a lot of test questions in class. she gets off topic a lot and has all these weird stories but if you study the power points you will be fine. I never used the textbook and got an A in the class. she's funny and has good intentions.
This class is not hard if you show up and take notes. Her lectures are super strange at times, she gives a lot of her own personal stories which are funny. BUT she is super unapproachable, and very unreasonable when it comes to anything to help accommodate you. For being so outgoing in lectures she is the most impersonal person ever
This class was so strange. She often goes off on tangents and the tests are kind of hard because she puts so much information on them it is hard to retain it all. There are no quizzes so you have very few grades that make up your overall grade. You have to go to class because she takes attendance even though it is a class in a big lecture hall.
She'll go on tangents that are irrelevant to the topic, and then rush in the last five minutes of class to tell us the important information that should have been covered in class.
Professor Sutton's class is painful but manageable. She only gets through about 5 Powerpoint slides in class (out of 50) because she goes off on random tangents, then expects you to teach yourself out of class. She also only allows 4 skips (including excused), and then your grade will be dropped a letter, which is pretty ridiculous for a gen ed.
Professor Sutton lectures are very off topic and you are expected to read everything from the book instead of being taught. She doesn't answer questions during tests or quizzes and you are expected to know a lot of unnecessary information that does not pertain to the class. I would not recommend taking her class, she was my only option.
Sutton is an interesting woman. She goes very fast in lectures and the exams can be hard if you don't read all the chapters and study all of the powerpoints. In my opinion it's more difficult than a gen-ed should be.
Dr. Sutton talks about her personal life and stories and has said some very interesting things in class that seem a little out of the ordinary. She can be sometimes too much to handle but as long as you take notes on the PowerPoints and read a little you should do well.
If you go to class and pay attention, you can do fine. She tells you some info that isn't on the powerpoint that'll be on the test. Its very hard to pay attention in class and majority of the class is her personal stories. Geeky person but gets too much sometimes. 4 noncumulative tests and wellness log & passports are a chore but she reminds you.
I don't like Dr. Sutton as a professor. She is very uptight about an attendance policy, does a poor job of lecturing (shares mostly anecdotal stories), and you pretty much have to teach yourself if you'd like a good grade. Take someone else if you have the chance to.
This class is easy to get an A in, just don't forget to do once of the many trivial and pointless assignments. She comes off as really preppy and helpful, but she's not. I got injured and tried to talk to her about the hours and she didn't want to work with me on that. She's rude with a smile. Can be really easy A. Tests are 100 q's multiple choice
Health teacher that 100% makes you work for your grade but is never there to help you get there. You have to attend class or else your grade will go down an entire letter grade after 3 absences. Lectures are really confusing and you basically teach yourself + you must read the textbook because she gets her test questions from the minor details.
You don't need the textbook to pass the class, don't waste your money. She posts the power points from the lectures online. Go to class, its mandatory, you only get a few misses or all you can get is a C, and she drops information that will be on tests. She's kinda funny sometimes, really annoying other times. Tests aren't hard, just prepare.
I laughed a lot during Dr. Sutton's class, expect for exam days. They are full of information that must be studied (her outlines especially) in order to do "well." She's quirky.
She's not a bad person, in fact she is actually quite entertaining. But her lectures get off topic very easily and sometimes I honestly did not learn anything. You also can't miss class or else your grade goes down a whole letter grade. TESTS ARE SO HARD. You have to know EVERYTHING. I would not recommend taking health with her.
Not the best but not the worst either. She rambles a lot in class but hints at future test answers often. She gives in class assignments so you don't want to skip class too much. You are allowed a few skips.
Regular health assignments (passport and wellness log). Study up for exams, challenging if you don't read the book well. Lectures aren't helpful as long as you read the book and look over power points before exams. Can only miss 4 classes, if you miss more than 4 you can't get better than an C for the course.
AVOID! Her lectures are useless,she never makes it through the powerpoint without going off on irrelevant tangents, but attendance is mandatory. Her tests are ridiculous; you may understand the material perfectly and grasp all the concepts, but you will be tested on OBSCURE and meaningless facts and statistics. Treats students like we're twelve.
Goes off on tangents. Wastes class time. Takes her 20 minutes to say one sentence. Boring. Goes off topic. Class is useless, but attendance is mandatory. Self-study this stuff and you'll do fine. Train yourself to fall asleep with eyes open in her class - only way to survive. So boring.
she knows what she's talking about but shes bad at teaching it. she tells stories about her life during class but the tests are hard. this class requires basically teaching yourself the book to do well.
Dr. Sutton is a nice professor, and knows what she is talking about. She doesn't present the information right though. We have noted her to be wrong some too. She is a nice lady, and the class is pretty easy if you read the text and attend class. She drives me nuts with different habits she has. I did not like her that much
Dr. Sutton is the corkiest person I have ever met in my entire life! She is nice until you ask a question about something and then makes you look stupid. The class overall isn't hard if you study and get your hours in for the gym, but her voice will haunt you! She tells more stories then teaches.
Dr. Sutton has very little respect for her students, and she is very impressed with herself, as made evident by the fact that she said her NAME was "Doctor Debra Sutton." Boring class, nit-picky tests. I really didn't enjoy this class and I'm a straight A student. Avoid if possible.
She is really interesting and I learned a lot of great things from her and definitely got more interested in health than I was before but her tests are honestly impossible. I studied a lot, tried to write down every little hint she said, wrote notes on my phone to remember and still barely got a B. It's a lot of memorizing facts for the tests.
kind of tough. weird teacher. she licked a whiskey flavored condom in class, no joke. she is a collector of condoms from around the world which is very strange if you ask me. random tangents not pertaining to what will be on the test. read the book! take someone else if you can but the tests are standard from the dept so you won't be able to avoid that.
2 tests, a non-cumulative final, 5 quizzes, 30 hours of exercise, 5 passport events, gives some extra credit, no real homework, mandatory attendance. She is a little crazy but it makes for entertaining class periods since you have to go. Tests are hard but out of class work is mindless as long as you actually do it. I would definitely recommend her
Not a whole lot of work but hard tests. 2 tests and a final, nothing we covered in class was on these tests but the other easy assignments (go to UREC, do stupid passport assignments) helped boost my grade a bunch. 5 quizzes, dropped one. An easy B, have to work for an A. Overall not a very stressful class
It was my least favorite class so far. She really tries to trick her students. I took notes from the chapters and studied her outlines, and still struggled on the tests. It is at least interesting to sit through because she is so creepy/crazy. Study hard and you will at least get a B I'm sure. I ended up with a B+ so I was satisfied.
Hard tests! Even the chapter outlines barely helped me! Got a C and that was my ONLY C. Ridiculous.
She is very crazy as all the people have stated. Its frustrating because this is a GenEd and an interesting one at that, and she makes her tests so difficult. I studied and could barely get a C. This is the only class I don't have an A in and all my other friends in GHLTH who have diff teachers say its easy. Take another professor
Did not enjoy class, her lectures were all over the place and made no sense and she would spend a lot of time on things we did not need to know or want to know. Read the book/skim it for tests, but going to class will be a waste of time.
She has very interesting discussions during class some are funny others are inappropriate. Very knowledgeable and interesting woman.Never a dull moment. Her tests are pretty difficult. You definitely have to read the text. Lots of easy points available besides tests. She does take attendance everyday, doesn't penalize you unless miss excessively!!!
Condescending and very annoying. VERY hard tests, and no one learns anything. There are better teachers. People start saying "eh, she's not so bad" but by the end, NO one can stand that woman. STAY AWAY if you can!
Lectures are boring because she talks to you like you're stupid. Attendance policy. Tests aren't that bad. I never studied and barely paid attention and managed C's on every test and a B in the class. She's pretty anal, but it's not that hard to follow her directions. If you can get another prof, do it, but it's not the end of the world.
very boring, attendance policy...if you go to class and read the chapters you will be fine for a B...
Ok, honestly these ratings dont reflect- she isnt THAT bad. True, some of the material on the test seems foreign but just study and go to class. Its hard to get an A, but its also hard to get a C. Most people get high and low Bs.
To quote Monty Python..."Run Away!" That's honestly the best advice I can give. The woman is crazy, and the tests are extremely difficult.
She is really boring and class is worthless but she has an attendence policy (I think because she likes to hear herself talk and needs someone there to listen). Tests are harder than expected but you can do okay if you study. offers extra credit and some easy assignments. take another teacher if you can.
This teacher is a ****. Her classes are depressing, but the material is always easy. Be ready for hard tests though... and don't bother studying her slides. Read the chapters and you'll be fine. Don't be surprised if you want to fall asleep. Damn her!
avoid this teacher. tests are impossible, lectures and powerpoints are only a small part of the test, must read and study to do well. I had all B+'s in two cob classes and two gen eds, and her C ruined my semester cuz she thinks we are a class of doctors...
Don't ask questions or e-mail her. She makes you feel incredibly stupid. Her tests are a beast, I study my butt off and get B's. Her class is pointless, but she'll make you laugh. Beware of the STD chapter, she thinks it's funny to gross you out.
Talks to the class like we're handicapped. (Yes, even in an upper level class) I was excited to take this class, but she has ruined it by being so unorganized and just generally dumb about due dates and instructions for projects. Makes you feel like an idiot for sharing stories and asking questions. Avoid. I wouldn't take her again.
She used to teach mentally handicapped children, so naturally she speaks to us as if we were slow. She nods her head and uses her hands with every sentence, and sometimes you just want to kick to her get it out. You can read and study but the best you will do on a test is like an 85.
shes a nut case and she teaches the class like we are mentally handicaped
She's so much fun to listen to. She tells the most awesome stories. She's just a bit insane and can't teach very well at all. If you want to learn you'll have to do it on your own.
SHE IS CRAZY. AVOID THIS CLASS.
Well that final was definitely 47 million times harder than it should have been. Specific questions on specifics of things we didn't go over in class is what 25% of it consisted of. Well there goes my A, thanks Sutton!
She may be the worst professor ever. She doesn't teach anything. Look at health stats on websites all class, and then the tests are so hard and you have no idea what to study. Had her for 3 classes. Waste of time!
Very ostracizing and condescending. Says WRONG ifnormation, and goes on tangents that wont be on the test. Tests are a mystery when you get them, some stuff never covered in class or even in book. AVOID!
Makes you feel like you are in 2nd grade w/ the seating chart. Tests are not that easy, you have to study ALOT! not very helpful... kind of a bore and a pain to go to class
read the text and the manual to study. attendance mandatory but sit in the back and you can do other work, sleep, etc. class itself is a hassle w/ passports and UREC. if you do a nominal amount of work, you can get an a.
DONT TAKE THIS CLASS! You are guaranteed to spend the entire semester wishing you could jump out of your seat and punch her in the face to make her stop smiling and nodding while she talks! She thinks she's funny, but we are all laughing AT her-not with
Tends to contradict herself, thinks she knows everything.
continually says tests get easier--never do. pretty boring, my worst class
I don't think it's possible to get an A
Tries too hard to be cool then makes the tests VERY hard! Take another professor
such a hard and detailed class, no reason for health to be this tough
Funny lady but tells a lot of useless info that isn't on the tests
very boring class, don't learn much in class, tests are really hard,
class consists of her telling useless information that isn't needed for the test
class too large to matter, doesn't say anything worthy of knowing
doesn't say nething that is worth knowin (for tests/ in general) during lectures
She doesn't go over in class anything on the test
Raspen is a very boring teacher. He likes to try to make jokes but could come off a little rude but he's really not that bad. He grades fairly and curves the tests. Quizzes online so u use the book. Just study and you'll do well. If you already have a 4.0 in the class you don't have to take the last test.
Not bad for 351. He jokes around CONSTANTLY and anyone who thinks he is really a bad guy doesn't understand his sense of humor. DONT take him for 257 as he expects WAY too much from case studies and has little sympathy when your team (he picks) does NOTHING and you all have to share a grade even though one person does all the work.
Usually rambled on about irrelvant information. Had a lot of group work to do, didn't care if other group members did work or not as long as it was done. Wasted too much time during class and the tests come right from the book.
Still teaching old procedures. Talks about real world situations, yet never held a real job outside of Wilkes. Needs to get outside the confines of the campus and experience the "real world" before he tells young students what to expect.
Hands down one of the worst professors I've ever had. I took Research Methods with her, big mistake. For the most part she knows the information, however, you will have to work hard for a good grade. As a person she is boring and unpleasant. I was one of the top participators in class and I received a 510 for participation.
She is terrible and never seems happy. Looks like she is mad and serious all the time. I don't like that attitude in a professor. Her test are much! harder than what she actually teaches you. She also treats her students like its high school.
It was clear from the information that was taught in this class that this teacher did not have any real world experience...she was not even up to date on research and other trends in criminology....she thinks that have friends who are cops = have experience in the field...the way the morals class was taught is enough to explain the sad state of LEO
She is one of those professors that you have to bust your behind to get a good grade and alot of students have a problem with that. She does not spoon feed you, nor should she. You will (gasp!) have to read the textbook and come to class and pay attention. Like most professors she prefers grad students. Put the time & effort in and you'll be ok
Make sure you have everything in writing. Do not put negative experience on journals or bring to her attention any issue or she will use it against you. So, if all you are doing in the internship is filing than don't complaint, even if teacher say to tell her. She needs to keep network of agencies. Unhelpful and vindictive.
professor has difficulty engaging the class. His lectures are filled with a lot of rambling stories, some of which are amusing, but few of which are related to the text. I like poetry, But I did not enjoy the subject matter, or it's presentation.
Honestly doesn't understand that not everyone is interested in the topic. Speaks about it as if the average person is in love with English, or has a great deal of background. Lazy teacher, grades papers late, cancels class, you leave early, etc.
He barely even kept the class the whole time period! A few papers which are really all on you so its a bit hard to know exactly what he wants, but other than the papers and readings, not too much work. There were 6 books though. sheesh
Convoluted lectures-he's a jerk with an odd sense of humor.
Ok apparently I am the only one who doesnt like him. I think he is mean.I had a death in the family and he knew so. When I returned he chose to read poems about death N old age. Which may I add wasnt our assigned readings.He talks to much about nothing.
Reg is REALLY easy, but I'm glad I took chem in high school. I'm good at chem, but I have a hard time following him. His lectures are all over the place, and I feel dumber when I listen to him. However, he's a pretty cool guy and he's got connections up the yin yang.
Lectures were boring to me because I find linguistics confusing and very difficult. She didn't explain concepts very well, and tests were a lot more in-depth than anything we talked about in class or discussion. Every once in a while there were interesting concepts but overall, I do not recommend it.I withdrew from the class, it was horrible.
boring lectures, hard to follow and difficult to understand.. tests were harder than anticipated.. dont take this if you dont have to
worst lecturer ive ever had. dropped because i couldnt stay awake
so boring i had to drop the class, cant listen to her talk without falling asleep
This Prof. is a very tough grader. The tests will contain conceptual stuff which makes them much more annoying. HW isn't graded but doing it is almost necessary to get a good grade. Overall grade is very test heavy, sitting at 80% tests, 20% projects. Very unforgiving, especially if you do bad on a single test. Would not recommend this class.
Prof. TeBeest fails to teach the course material in an easy way. He does show example problems. If you email him after 5pm, he won't respond. He talks like he wants to help you but does not care about your understanding, well-being, or financial future. Also, he writes good reviews about himself.
ALL of the GOOD reviews on this site are written by TEBEEST HIMSELF! Read through them and you will see how sus they are!
Take a look at all of the 4-5/5 reviews on this page. All of them are suspicious. Tebeest wrote them himself. Try not to take him!
Great at explaining but the pop quizzes kill
Dr. Kevin TeBeest has a passion for teaching and his lectures are great. I found them very interesting but many students ended up sitting on their phones the entire time. That being said, the man is the one word, 5 letter, definition of what you would call the feeling of being stuck with a thorn. The concepts are so easy he routinely grades as such
Very difficult if you do not know your stuff prior to coming to the class.
From first impressions you might think he would be cool from his mullet/hippie hair. No bueno!This guy gives way too much homework and pop quizzes.Don't think about ever skipping class he keeps a seating chart.Pickiest cornhusker ever on tests.Not bad at teaching but still the class blows.
Sucks, too much work. Does not realize student have 4 other classes and then his class. He gives you too much work. I am not for it, so I did all my work at the bar and dropped class. Praying for Dimitrov to teach it.
Goes very fast... must have a lot of time to work on it. Not an easy grader nor is he afraid to fail people!
Everything in the lecture slides is hard to distinguish what's important and what isn't and he goes through slides too fast. Exams are full of what seemed to be irrelevant questions about the unimportant articles we had to read weekly and the class is too focused on pointless Native American stories and why some dude named Black Elk had visions
class and readings had little to do with American Lit. She deducts points for not going to class, so no freebies. Thought I was in a poli sci class most of the time. Readings were mostly irrelevant. She often walked into class late.
Overall decent professor, he does well communicating the course material and answering questions in class, but if you fall into trouble with your grade he is very sarcastic and rather unapproachable, he does not enjoy working with struggling students
A very difficult teacher who I wouldn't recommend. Everything has to be done just right without any margin of error, and it doesn't seem he cares if his students pass or fail.
he's mean. kicked me out of office before i got to ask a question, plays favorites. i had a 96 in the class so you can get a good grade if you use the cribs but as a person he's a dick
use his cribs and laugh at his jokes
great prof very helpful
The class was pretty bland and some of the topics weren't explained properly or clearly enough to the students so it was a little blurry. The class didn't really feel productive and covered less than an avg high school chem class. Make sure you study for the quizzes because they can tank your grade fast. Also, study for the final.
Professor Phillips is very confusing. Does little to explain what she's actually teaching and when asked to explain, does a poor job of doing so. If she doesn't dismiss class 35 minutes early, her lectures are dry and dull. Don't attempt to check your phone, because she'll go on a unnecessary tangent about it. DON'T BUY THE BOOK! Use a PDF instead
She was very confusing, but the lab itself was pretty easy. She's a nice person, but I do not recommend her.
Really boring but really easy, she gives big curves, if you earn a B, you will get an A. Pretty Great
Not very clear, tends to confuse you more than help you; however, if you ask her to make something easier she most likely will. For example, my class convinced her to let us work in small groups for the final.
Not an interesting class, does not give an accurate discription of what will be on the tests, all over the place in class.
In my opinion, nice professor, but can be hard to understand. Not a good professor for a student who hasn't had a formal chemistry class before.
Super easy class, but her accent is terrible!
Failed most of her quizzes and still pulled out with a 92.
It's high school all over, except with one of the most annoying voices ever.
the i-ron is in the p obital is is easy but has a bad accent.
The class overall is an easy A as it's a project class. Only thing is that at times it seems D. Eddy doesn't know what he is talking about or is that helpful. Sometimes he seems a bit lost but the guys pretty chill and willing to help. The competition at the end of term is pretty fun. My advice, better know how to do CAD.
this class isn't so bad if you are prepared to go to someone ELSE and ask for help. the work itself is very straight-forward and you have a textbook, so you don't really need him to teach. while he doesn't grade "easy" on homework and tests, you would have to try really hard to fail his class.
Bad!!!
He doesn't really now what he is doing. You won't learn much, but at least you'll get a pretty good grade. If you like hand drawing, the class is cake. The final project is hard.
Easy class. Really lacking as a prof. Its a good thing the class was easy. Seemed lost half the time.
yeah..uuhh...whatever...showed us the machines..that's all he had to do really
Not a bad guy if you are on his good side. Not the most helpful teacher.
Not clear. I didn't sign up for this guy! Easy only cuz it was Mechatronics....
His way or the highway
avoid him like you would avoid hurricane katrina
not good
Very easy. Probably learned the least of any class. Never read a chapter, always got to use our study guides on tests. I got a good grade, but didn't really earn it. Oh well.
ok this guy re-inacts civil war scenes. Yeah a history nut. He thinks he is funny and his jokes are pathetic. BORING class, all you do is take notes. One minute late and he kicks you out of the class. Very hard not to fall asleep in the class.
This guy is a **** moran, degrades women and says derogatory comments, he also says many racial comments. His lectures are in the dark and boring. He gives too many examples about his family, I've heard enough about his daughter and how his wife doesn't do anything around the house. Bad teacher
Extremely boring! He lectures the entire class period. There is no class participation what-so-ever! Just be careful though if you are even like two minutes late he will tell you to leave, and he will freak out if you try to go to the bathroom! But if you do show up every class you get 50 extra pts.
Difficult Exams. You have to study many hours just to get an ok grade, unless you like government, and know it well. You need to read all the chapters and he usually only gets enoght time to review the first third of the chapters in class.
THIS TEACHER IS THE WORST DO NOT TAKE. HE EXPECTS YOU TO LEARN THE MATERIAL ON YOUR OWN. VERY HARD TESTS. NOT A FUN CLASS AT ALL. POP QUIZS
Arrogant, thinks he knows it all, fills your head with his own agenda. If you can look past his BS, he is a good prof.
I was disappointed how much English was used in this class. If you're looking to improve your Spanish, consider taking another professor. That being said, I did learn a lot about Spanish lit and could tell that Professor Rapin is passionate about this subject and is very enthusiastic. Tests were easy but his grading was unfair at times.
Head of the Department, and totally useless. Sucks at teaching, and speaks more English than Spanish. If you plan on learning anything about Spanish, don't take this class. If you're just trying to graduate, then this class is perfect for you. Very little reading, he reads them out loud in class to you.
cannot speak spanish well, needs to go to Spain for a year. very easy, nothing bothers him, how did he get this gig? how does he keep it? take any of his classes if you have a heavy course load and just want an A with no learning spanish
Need four credits, but don't want to learn a damn thing? Take a Rapin class. If you would actually like to learn, run, run far away. PS He falls asleep in class habitually.
I think that Id better @ Spanish had I not taken this. It was unhelpful, and I don't think I have ever heard LESS Spanish in a Spanish class. It was a grammar review course, but we spent the ENTIRE sem. doing translations/busy work while Prof. Lazy slept.
Could he possibly BE any lazier? I got nothing out of the class.
If you enjoy philosophy you may enjoy him. Notes are very scattered and hard to keep track. Gets on tangents. You can tell he genuinely loves his job though.
You are graded by 3 things. Attendance, 1 paper, and 1 test. It sucks because you are not graded off many things so your grade can go easily down, but you have no homework. He uses words that don't even make sense and writes on the board and doesn't even organize it, its all over the place. Not a good prof, didn't learn anything.
I THOUGHT THIS INSTRUCTOR WAS QUITE INTERESTING. I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE A REALLY INTERESTING CLASS, BUT I FOUND IT TO BE EXTREMELY BORING AND REPETITIOUS. THE INSTRUCTOR WAS VERY PASSIONATE ABOUT WHAT HE WAS TEACHING, BUT RARELY GOT THE CLASS TO PARTICIPATE IN DISCUSSION AND THE NOTES WERE RIDICULOUS. HE WRITES EVERYTHING HE SAYS..NOT COOL
He was the easiest teacher i have had. His note taking is confusing and he rambles on and on...however, all you have to do is two papers, attend the class and TAKE notes! There is no homework and no test. I never read the book and got a 4. e-z A if you're a good writer.
Recommended to "non-philosophical" people. Class is easy. A very light-hearted look at philosophy. I hoped for more depth. If your interested in philosophy take Dutra or Spademen. A little tougher, but much more informative.
Extremely boring class and he repeats himself about 50,000 thousand times a class. Each of his tests consisted of 4 identifications and 1 essay. Thats not alot but the reviews had 27 identifications and 4 essays to study from. Be ready to study your butt off.
Boooring. He repeats everything many times in lecture, which is great for taking notes but gets repetative quickly.
DO NOT take an online course with him. He seems like a great teacher but online is not for him. He doesn't know how to properly post the lectures (each unit is 5-7ch's) so you get 1 lecture then the rest of them the week the test is due. Also doesn't follow the book. Tests are ESSAY tests; my last one was 19pgs. Legit had a breakdown at the end.
Hes a nice guy but teaching is not his strong point. He said he was "trying something new" and gave us 500+ questions to put into a notebook. Each question required multiple answers. Barely any review for exams and often gave us wrong chapters and pages to study.
Uses everything based off of the book. Doesn't explain or teach at all. Wouldn't recommend him.
Matt is a great guy and very funny, but he doesn't really explain the lecture very well. Goes off on to tangents and random thoughts. You really have to do some self teaching from the textbook because if you miss a class you dont miss much of a lecture. Tests are hard and made to confuse you.
This class is one of the most fun and interesting classes I've taken and unfortunately also one of the hardest! Dr. Matt is an awesome guy but does not do a lot in the teaching aspect. Be prepared for a LOT of studying and confusion. If you're truly interested in Biology, this class is worth it.
Dr. Matt is a really amazing guy. This class is really hard. He's very scatterbrained, and there is absolutely no organization to this class. You really have to memorize the book. But just being in class counts for a lot, I've not studied for a couple of his tests and managed a 78%.
Personality wise, he is awesome! Laid back and really easy going. Learning wise, he doesn't teach you. You get a book and teach yourself pretty much. You are only graded on tests and you have no idea what will be on them. Plus he doesn't put grades on black board so you don't know your grade ever.
Prof. Matt is a really cool guy, he makes class fun and although attendance mandatory because of the labs, he allows you to come to another class if you missed yours. He is helpful to a certain extent but he doesn't give out study guides for his exams and they're extremely hard because you don't know exactly what to study.
don't ever think to take him for zoology. tests are so hard. he is nice but he knows nothing about teaching.................if you don't believe me.......take soology with him and send you comments................
When we started class, he said that we should be proud if we get a 'C', it's true. Right now, we have one week to cover 6 chapters in two dif. books for the test. 5% of the mat. is gone over in class and the rest is up to you. Save your GPA, don't take this course unless you like unneeded stress.
Um...tests have NOTHING to do with what he talks about. It's pretty much all on your own. He's nice, but not very willing to help. I got the idea that he thought everyone should already know what he knew.
This was the hardest class ever! He didn't teach at all he just talked about whatever!
nice guy, knows his stuff, but doesn't really teach. Just tells us what we need to know and lets us learn about it from the book. Tests are okay. Helpful if you ask a specific question, but hard to know what to ask.
Dr. Matt knows what he teaches. However, in my experience he hasn't really taught our class much. I only have him for lecture, but all he does is tells us what we need to read and then we watch movies. If you can stay awake for hour movies, you're set.
English isn't perfect but he is very understandable. You have to skim the book to write the chapter summaries worth 15% of your grade. Lectures are boring/repetitive: 50 minutes on effective use of a pie chart? Learned that in middle school. Easy A but not worth the $435 per credit hour for a 300 level English class. Final is 15 pages but w/ images
One of my worst experience's with a professor. He gives little to no direction, which sets you up to fail in an online course. He is a very critical grader.
Professor Ding is a very critical grader. If you want a decent grade, I highly recommend having him review your paper at least twice before you submit your final draft, and if you can, find a classmate who is willing to peer-review for you as well. He's extremely particular, so read and re-read instructions and be VERY careful!
Avoid this teacher if possible. Very Boring Class however there are many weeks where you dont have to come to class, they are work weeks where you just have to come in and see hime once in his office. This is very nice, but he makes you feel stupid alot and the class is pretty hard. You have to write a lot of papers and the final project is 15 page
This class is so boring! He takes through the whole class in the most monotone voice about the most boring things! You kinda just want to jab your pencil through your hand to get out of this class.
Mostly busy work....easy way to get an "A" grade if you show up to class
Bonvillian seems like a great guy, however lectures were very boring. He rambles every class, so sit in the front if you don't want to space out. Exams are easy, and all the questions come from lecture. There are past exams on Collab as well, and he reuses some of the questions. Easy, but boring.
He rambles so much, like it's kind of ridiculous. I mean the material was interesting to start with, but as the semester drug on.. Yea it got terrible
Bonvillian is well-meaning, but his lectures are rambling and barely relevant to the material you will be tested on. There is a LOT of reading and test questions are very specific, sometimes down to one random, insignificant detail. However, he does post old tests online and he has review sections, which are helpful. Overall not the best.
Tends to ramble on a lot and very hard to pay attention to. Tests are nothing like practice tests and tend to be confusing. Take only if you tend to go to office hours, extra study sessions, and truly examin the book, even though most tests are on lecture.
Don't take this class. I was super interested in psych and child psych but Bonvillian killed it for me. this class was boring and I didn't get much out of it. I disliked lecture and the TA's were unhelpful. Stay away from this one.
Material was interesting, except he focuses mainly on his interest in psychology. Very approachable, friendly man. Just study the old exams, and you'll do fine.
BORING
Pretty bad professor. He rambles on all class about anecdotes of his and never really finishes his lectures. Test material is twisted information meant to confuse your knowledge. I learned alot about psychology but did terribly in the class just because of Bonvillian's tests and final. Being a nice guy doesn't make up for being a bad professor.
This professors lectures mostly involved him getting off topic or talking about all the famous psychologists he knew. Tests can be tricky because he adds random little questions from the readings.
Lectures suck, don't take this class.
good luck trying to follow his lectures. and i love how he doesn't even follow his own outlines. i'm a psych major so i love psychology, but i seriously freaking hated this class. Bonvillian seems like a cool guy, but he sucks at lecturing
he is not a very good lecturer but the material is very interesting and you dont have many grades so you must read and keep up! he does ramble a lot of its hard to follow him :)
He's a very nice man but he just doesn't know how to lecture. He was all over the place and easily lost your interest. Just read the textbook and study a lot and you will do fine, just don't expect to be interested in the lectures or him just rambling on in class.
This topic fascinates me, I was so excited about this class and I came out so disappointed. He's nice enough, although a bit creepy, but his lectures are terrible - he goes into detail about random things - and SO boring. I never went, read some and got an A, but I definitely feel like the class was a waste of my time. I don't remember anything.
very ummmm weird
This was the hardest class I have ever taken. Professor Goode is an extremely difficult grader. He lectures all class, which normally is not an issue for me, but he does not write anything on the board and is sometimes very hard to follow. I do not recommend this class
I could have stayed home and read the book and learned more than his lectures provided. He will jump from place to place during lecture making it very difficult to understand the point he is trying to get across. Unclear grading criteria on top of being an very hard graded made my grade much lower in the class than it should have been.
Do not take this in a spr/sum semester. He has a work load that will kill you. He lectures a lot. Take good notes. Read fast. This spr/sum semester was twice a week 3 hrs with 100-150 pages per class. Prof. Goode is pleasant, helpful and a little monotone when lecturing. Not a bad class but take it during regular semesters.
Took this class because I am a History major and wasn't at all what I expected, the class is more for IR majors. He assigns 100pgs a night and has quizes on them daily. There is no lecture really, every class is almost the same debate the readings and learn everything on your own by doing the readings. I strongly suggest that only IR majors take it
Goode means well and is a really great guy outside of the classroom. Inside, however, he's extremely strict and knows exactly what he wants (which you usually don't know). If you're looking for a slack off class, avoid anything he teaches at all costs. You'll walk away knowledgeable, but your GPA won't be too happy...
This teacher required more work and reading than any teacher I have ever had. He must think that his class is the only class you are taking. You would be hard pressed to keep up with him even if it is the only class you are taking. Stay away!!!
No.
difficult grader. took book quiz with the answers right from the book verbatim, still got marked down. what more do you want? take if you must, not otherwise, obscene amounts of reading on top of huge paper.
Very critical of student work... but not in a helpfull way. Vague in regards to requirements. Vast amounts of reading. Saw him in office hours several times and yet still didn't bring any clarification to what he wanted. May be very knowledgeable but would never recommend.
WARNING: Tests on subjects neither discussed in class or covered in books. Is totally delusional about amount of reading required. Not an advisable prof.
BORING LECTURES,hard to soak up!!DONT TAKE FOR A GENERAL EDUCATION CLASS!!!!Only for people with a deep passion for foreign relations.TONS OF READING and he is very critical of work. KNOW LOTS BEOFRE HAND. in class text is just dry speeches put together:(
Boring, too much HW, graded format more than content on papers and essays. AVOID
Believes his opinion is the only valid one, is impossible to please.
Class was terrible he gave way to much work for a unv seminar
This man does not know what is going on. He slips in and out of consciousness during class although his mouth keeps moving. Take something else for the requirement
seems cool at first but does not really care about you that much and may leave you feeling stabbed in the back when you receive that final grade. ruined my gpa and grade school prospects...
Talks about nothing! and anything he says is not about the stories.
Very harsh grader especially for an introductory class.
Not a good person for a thesis committee. Very disorganized.
Jesse's pretty scattered brained, so needless to say whether or not you learn anything he's still really entertaining. I didn't really learn much in this class it was a lot of me drawing and him saying if it was right or wrong. He certainly is a character, not really a good class if you're going to major in Art but it's good to waste time in
Had him a couple years ago. His way or the highway. This prof forced me to change my painting if I valued my grade - I regret conforming - Now, I HATE that painting!!! I should have taken the crappy grade! He also forced me to tears and 3 other students during the semester. I think he's horrible! The ppl who say he's not are in denial or his faves
By the end of the semester, I felt like he wasn't even looking at my portfolios. He helped me with how I approach drawing, and I definitely got better, but I felt like I had nothing to show for it by the end - I still kept getting the same B on every portfolio. It was really frustrating.
He makes himself sound like hes open minded but even on your own creation assignments he can be really picky. how can anyone judge a painting that badly? otherwise hes a pretty go with the flow guy, but hes a sticklar on attendance
This man is the anti-christ. He picks favorites, gives crappy grades for good work, and says the most bizzare comments I've ever heard in my life. He's occasionally helpful and rarely funny, but I would rather kick him in the nads than be his student.
he told people that their work wasn't good, and was not at all constructive about it. this is fine for higher lever courses, but not hunderd lever classes. he rarely made sense, and he was overall, just a weirdo.
was very eccentric had an over fascination with skulls overall he was the archetypical strange art teacher.
He's a nice, but not a strong professor. If you want to take the class because you want to be an auditor, you will not learn enough to make it. He's emotional. He graded one exam all semester. He did ALL the semester grading on the last weekend before submitting the final exam to the school. Never gave feedback on personal papers unless hunted down
He knows what he is talking about when it comes to accounting, but he doesn't do a very good job of making sure the students know. He grades homework only on participation so you have no idea if you're doing it right, and it's hours of work that's only worth 3 points. He got lazier and the class eventually was just a waste of time towards the end.
He makes you do the homework before he even teaches the subject, so that's really difficult. He also has no examples on his powerpoint slides, it's almost as if he thinks you already have taken an accounting class. This is pretty much a teach yourself class, and it's not an easy class to try and learn on your own.
Professor Cannon is extremely boring and you learn nearly nothing with him as a professor. Additionally, you never know the grade you have in the class with him as he doesn't update blackboard. Definitely a lazy professor and try to avoid him if you want to learn anything.
Cannon seemed alright at first but as the weeks went on, he stopped teaching. He would just go through PowerPoint slides which were just the book pages. LOTS of homework. Basically a teach yourself class.
Lectures are very, very boring. No need to pay attention though, the exam questions are based on online quizzes. So many group assignments. Didn't learn much. The longest 3 hours to go through each week.
i would not recommend this professor. he did not use connect- which many accounting professors use and is helpful. everything was strictly based on the book and he was not a helpful teacher. better prof for those actually good at accounting
If he knows your name, you will get an A.
Unorganized, fairly boring class. Not a whole lot a work, a few group assignments. Not hard to get a good grade.
Usually unprepared for class and just read from the case discussion guidelines. The course really could have been summed up in 30 minutes, but he managed to drag it out for 8 weeks.
A really nice guy, but not that great of a teacher. The class is easy but boring.
Too many complaints to list. If you want to learn something take someone else, if you just want an A take him.
This dude probably makes 100K a year. And he doesn't do anything!!! Best job in America.
NOT GOOD! He is very hard on you, thinks you should all be Grad Students. Class is pretty easy, but he makes it harder than it should be.
This man was absolutely boring. Class is a waste of time and tests are straight from prequizzes, no need to read book or go to class. Like to spring group projects whenever he stinkin feels like it. Nice guy, but the worst prof I've ever had at GV!
smart, maybe too smart
lousy teacher - gives absolutely no feedback
Be prepared to work for nothing. No assignments turned back. Decent guy though
Class should be called, Cannon 268 because all he talks about is himself!
HE SUCKS, too lazy to grade the million assignments he gives us.
Nice person. Knowledgable but not good at teaching.
Teaches from powerpoint...supplied by the text book. Does not write own tests.
I dropped him the first day, if it says anything?
Prof Ott is very knowledgeable about sociology however, your grade is only based on 3 tests and attendance. The lectures are long, and irrelevant to the topics on the tests. He somewhat preaches his views instead of teaching different types of views. I would not recommend this class if you aren't a good test taker.
Used the book alot. Was unclear about what he wanted us to know on materail that was covered while he was gone and had another prof. teach. Nice guy. His views kind of get in the way. Not very open minded
The class would have been cool but is quizzes were supposed to test your reading and i read and studied the chapters for like 2 hours and still my highest on a quiz was an 81%!!! Some of the questions would have more than one right answer and one would be wrong b/c it wasn't the one he wanted!
VERY liberal. Drives me crazy! I can't believe I sat through a whole semester of that BS. It is an eye-opener to what most liberals believe to the very extreme. All tests are essays, quizes are multiple guess/TF. I always got B- on every test with the same comments, "More detail."
This guy is very liberal is not afraid to show it. Thinks that society is to blame for everything. Critized Reagan only 2 or 3 days after he died. Sociology is a worthless major. this class didn't depress me, it was humorous!
These fair right times - no he's just liberal. This captialistic society we live in known as the US is not intended to be communist.
Marshall Battani is one of the worst Sociology Professors at GV. He is not accessible outside of class. Grades heavily on the papers and always gives you 5% less than you actually should be getting. Don't take this Professor!
For a 101 online class, this is an asinine amount of work. Having to do all the work with other classes, work, and family commitments is a big problem. Then when you get a grade back on an assignment, you realize (according to him) you only get a C- because of arbitrary reasons.
Do not take SOC 346. It says SOC 101 is not a pre-req, but it is with the way he grades. I spent WAY too much time reading texts and doing assignments only to get slapped in the face with ANOTHER C. He won't take HW not turned in in class. He expects you to know these soc terms, but he doesn't EVER define them for you and EXPECTS you to use them.
He was unhelpful and expected too much. When he said that for the past few years his first test average is a D he wasn't kidding and to me that says that he's either not teaching or he's expecting too much. Very heavy on SOC for a theme class LOTS of reading. Don't take if you don't have a lot of time and SOC knowledge
He is a wierdo. Says um... and uh... before almost everything he says. Grades his stupid papers way to hard. However said he is hot must have been messed up. His greasy gray hair is disgusting especially when he runs his finger throught it...nasty. Trys to be cool by using too many big words.
Nice guy however was sometimes unclear in his lectures. He would be clear in starting his comments and end up lowering his voice and tone to where it was hard to even hear.
the quizzes are easy but he grades really hard on papers and exams. he's also boring more often than not, but overall an easy prof.
He grades really hard and doesn't care about his students!!!!!!!!!
maybe i could learn if he would stop saying um..aahhh...umm
Take another professor... He does not email back He shows up to class right on time so you can not ask questions prior to class starting. His lectures are long and dull. He know's his stuff, but not the best at teaching it. Take Kanonoshi. His power points do not help much for exams, and stem worksheets are not complete..
Boring class & wordy exams.
McKenzie is really easy, tests are open note/powerpoint. Tests usually come from the powerpoint. Down side, few points can be gained outside of tests. Boring but lectures arent mandatory. Take him if you want a GPA booster
McKenzie is a nice guy and the tests are open note, so that helps a lot. He's just kind of spacey and scatter-brained. If you are looking to be challenged to think differently about things, this is not the prof to take! He takes everything at face value and doesn't seem to know what it is he's actually talking about.
He's a nice guy and the tests are all open note/open book but he wastes a lot of time by coming in late and not being prepared. The class itself was kind of boring and his test questions are sometimes worded awkwardly, which makes it kind of hard, even with notes.
At week 13 we were 6 weeks behind. Easy open-note exams (two of ours were take-home), pointless group exercises, easy presentation at the end. Hard to ride the bus downtown 3 days a week for this class.
Never been more bored in my life...
Easiest class i've ever taken at GVSU. He makes it pointless to attend class since he only lectures about exactly what you can read from the book, and the lectures are sooo boring. But you have to go to class because of in class exercises.
Lectures are very annoying and prolonged. The most boring class ever. Open note exams and alot of group projects. Nice guy and easy A.
Open note tests. Gives out guides for each chapter. Easy A if you go to class.
Nice enough guy, notes are actually from the company that drafted the text. Open note exams, HOWEVER, changed the syllabus in the middle of the course, throwing out all other open note exams in exchange for group presentations! DO NOT SKIP THIS CLASS!!
gotta love the powerpoint notes, lets class out early and gives good breaks,
Boring teacher and no need to go to class. Read the book and you'll do fine.
You definitely learn something different with Professor Parker. He truly cares about his students, however, the way he teaches is literally impossible to understand. Love the man as a person, but I would not take him for your math class.
You definitely learn a different type of math since he is all about logic. It is impossible to understand what he is trying to teach. I would suggest not taking him, although he is a nice man.
omg. alli have to say is that this class is completely useless for anyone who actually wants to learn anything. he makes all of his "mathematics" up. total waste of time .. i was more stressed about this class than my econ class and this is supposed to be to teach elem school kids!!! DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOTTTTT TAKE THIS CLASS.
Good teacher...doesn't grasp the idea of being interested in results, be it our grades or results of a math problem. Tests=tough.Lectures=migrane.Ed=brilliant, articulate but out of touch.Gives tons of extracredit.If you dont stop him when not understanding something, he will go on for 30 minutes straight until you're completely dumb-founded .
Dr. Parker is such a nice guy, but his class is extremely difficult. I had calculus in high school, but the way Dr. Parker taught was completely different and absolutely confusing. He has his own "language of mathematics" and the class is not really based around doing actual math. Nice guy, but TERRIBLE class.
He's a nice guy but this class is pretty tough. In order to pass you have to learn to think like him, which is difficult. His explanations often leave you more confused than you were before. Doesn't use the book at all. We did 3 units, one of them was 'counting'; we made THOUSANDS of tally marks. Nice guy but avoid the class if you can.
Avoid this class. Makes you memorize definitions which aren't helpful, is completely vague, tells the class he purposefully makes it hard to copy down notes b/c he wants to emphasize thinking, not mimicing. It's the last week of class and we've JUST started working out of the book. I'm trying to study for the FIVE HOUR long final. This sucks.
After being in this class for two weeks, I dropped it. I honestly could not comprehend the way Ed teaches- very abstractly. The class was memorization of definitions and then using them for homework assignments. Within those first two weeks, we hadn't actually started learning calc. All the students I know still in his class are retaining a 'D'
I don't think anyone in my class knew what the hell was going on, when we finally had our first test I was only prepared for about half of it, and that's with 3 hours of SAMRC or office hours with Dr. Parker. Avoid at all costs. He'll make efforts to help but you won't understand him.
THIS IS THE WORST emphasis on worst class I have ever taken. He is the worst excuse for a professor I have ever encountered. I didn't understand 99% of what he said...no book no syllabus. We spent the entire year talking about Texas Hold 'Em, which last time I checked had absolutely NOTHING to do with math! Avoid at ALL COSTS!!!!!!
Oh lord, for your own sake avoid him!! I mean, he's the sweetest guy in the world! But his lectures are nuts! Pretty much no one in the class knew what was going on or where he was going with his teaching.
sometimes he's unclear but it's easy to catch on because he moves slowly.. he gives extra credit, reviews for the exams and assigns homework but never collects it.. he's a very nice man and very willing to help students out
Ha. not much to say about him good and luck are the best words to describe the class, unclear about his theories. if you thought calculus was hard in before you have no idea what you are getting into if you take this class, you are pretty much graded on how much he likes you. if you are a baseball fan... getting on his good side is your only hope..
HORRIBLE class, he makes up his own language for you to follow. He basically turns 5th grade level math into an impossible class. If you have ANY other options do not take this class, wait until another teacher opens up next semester if nothing else
Ed is a nice d00d but this is a very challenging class. may be a little vague but I love his teaching style, its really good because he makes you learn the stuff yourself.
Well, i took his class because there were no other open slots with the time i had left, BIG MISTAKE... i will warn you once and only once Dont take him, he treats it as an intro to a math 400 class (he told us first day) me and two of my friends have already dropped the class!
Very easy tests in my opinion. Doesn't really give math problems in tests, more-so just "fill in the blank" and "setting up the problem"-type problems. Strange habits for math notation and a little hard to follow, but very nice guy and was an easy A.
BAD professor. Does not explain well at all and you learn things that you will never ever use again. It is a waste of time. do not take it.
OH MY GOSH!! Don't take this class!! It may look like an easy A, but it's not!! Ed's a nice guy but very unclear. Don't let the fact that there is no textbook fool you! The whole point of the class is to "make your own mathematics" and is a waste of time and just confuses you.
This is simply a tough course, and he literally speaks a different language, but he's a nice guy and willing to work with you, but don't expect to understand him.
Exams aren't that hard, but the way he tries to teach the course is really difficult to follow. He's a mathematical purist...so be careful. He tries really hard to help you--but his language of mathematics is really confusing to understand.
Nicest guy, with very good intentions, but seriously - his class was the most ridiculous thing I've ever had to do - don't take this just bc it's 103 and you think it'll be easy - it's RETARDED - requires that you learn a new language - totally pointless.
My first C ever in a math class, as opposed to usual A's. Definately try to avoid. A very nice man, but the class is very confusing and he doesn't teach from the book.
Nice guy, tries to be helpful, but ultimately I wouldn't recommend him. He makes you use all his peculiar terminology and notation, doesn't teach from the book or even from the definition of an LA/DE course...I often found myself confused in class.
sometimes i wonder why i'm in class- i will NEVER use the math that he teaches. You think you are takin the easiest math when you sign up for 103, but god knows my friend whos a math major can't even help me with it.
i never thought geometry could be this hard... lots of memorizing and random thinking assignments... i ended up with a B but i had to work hard for it...
Amazingly hard, no math just memorizing
He will make you think, very hard.
funny guy, but i don't really learn much in his class
ahhh someone kill me - material makes no sense and soo boring
Friendly, but struggles to teach concepts, favors those with music (piano) skill
Her teaching is deplorable! She talks about nothing, teaches less. Waste of $
Knows his stuff ridiculously well. So well, in fact, that he doesn't bother to explain the majority of it. If you're okay with teaching yourself all the material, you'll be fine. We had a 20% curve--the average was 53%.
In terms of instruction quality, he is definitely in the top 5 worst teachers I've had. Taking notes is very difficult because he tends to start explaining concepts while explaining concepts, so taking linear notes just leads to a confusing layout. Median score after 2 tests: 106/200. Luckily he curves the average to a C.
guy can't teach, period. He is helpful if you go to office hours, and answers questions, but it's no different than just reading the text. He really knows his stuff, but he is always behind on everything and doesn't teach well enough to comprehend the homework. Only hope is the fact that he grades on a curve
Mixed feelings. Givens is a quirky guy, weird sense of humor, very knowledgeable. He writes in all mathematical terms, doesn't say what the variables mean, and teaches his own stuff occasionally. If you do the problems he assigns (not for credit) you'll be fine. HUGE curves, you'll find it hard to fail, but the C range is huge. Avoid if bad at math
Boring
It is essential to read the chapters and do the optional homework to get a good grade in this class. He won't help you very much with learning the material. But he progresses through the course very slowly. Review day before the test is amazing! He basically gave us the exact format of every question on Test 3. Get 70% average on test for an A.
She is certainly passionate about what she teaches, but needs to organize her classes a little better. I took Hebrew, she was great, JWST 335, not so much. She became a little un organized as many of our assignments were not sent out to us until the day before they were due, and or essays a week before they are due. She needs to allocate her work.
Dr. Gutman is pretty condescending and knows best, just ask her. It takes her 20 minutes just to explain what is for homework. Some people are just not meant to teach... If you want a good grade, take her. If you want to learn, don't. I usually always give the benefit of the doubt to Professors and love most of them, but she is a waste of a prof.
He's full of himself, and you have to take everything he says with a grain of salt...do not believe everything he tells you, some of it is bs, as I found out from other profs in the education school...quizzes are tough, read, participate, learn to humor him. That'll get you through.
HATED THE CLASS AND HIM. FELT LIKE HE WAS TALKING DOWN TO THE CLASS AS IF WE WERE FIVE YEAR OLDS
I read the comments about Bruce appreciating women's bodies with interest. It is amazing how everyone has picked up on that. Bruce, you should follow your own advice and not be so obvious! In any event, I learned a great deal of practical advice here.
This professor says he loves to give A's, yet he never does! He tends to pick favorites(Young girls!) His quizzes are unfair. TORFF SUCKS!
Good and funny teacher, but the material is not very easy. Not the simple geography class I was looking for. If you looking for an easy A dont take this. Some challenging questions on tests. Overrall fair class
What can I say about Geog101... DONT TAKE IT, this class is NOT an easy A by any means. You take a million notes, and the exams are brutal. Assignments are cake, but come exam time, you better know everything by heart or you'll be getting 65's on everything.
RUN!!!!!!! This class is not at all what I thought it be. My friends, we are not talking about geography with states and capitals. The Tests are extremely difficult, he tries to trick you, and the notes require hours of study time. (Which do not pay off) because the tests are impossible anyway. If you're looking for an easy A, FORGET ABOUT IT.
This is one of the worst classes I have taken in the 3 years I have been at UD. The notes are online which is good, but the class itself and information are so dumb. He tries and tricks you on the tests. He changes one word in each option. If you like the subject, take the course. If you are doing it for an elective, then choose another class.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS FOR AN EASY A!!! The tests are not easy becuase he enjoys making them tricky. You worry more about figuring out his tricks than actually applying any knowledge you learned through studying. I studyied alot and it didnt matter. Beware of him academically. He is a nice guy but his tests are sand in my bathing suit area.
took this as easy credit and it screwed me over. studied my butt off for all the tests and didn't do well. DO NOT TAKE FOR EASY CREDIT. dont get me wrong, legates is a funny nice guy. his tests are redic though.
Do NOT take this class. It sucks. All notes are online, but test questions were tricky and brought your grade down a lot. Too hard for an intro class. Ruined my semester...
Took this class in a class of 100+ people. Good that the notes are online...but exams very tricky and hard. He failed me this semester and oddly there were quite a few people that didn't do well either. Keep an eye on his grading- oddly grades on tests were close to one another & makes you think.
Notes are great. The class isn't too hard but the fact that he talks about abstract things that arent important to the test make it hard to pay attention to lecture.Tries to make jokes that arent funny too. If you can sort through his bad jokes and useless info should do alright on tests
Worst class, eveything is online, but the material is so obscure. The tests are impossible. Aviod, unless you are interested in learning about weather patterns.
A little difficult for a 101 class. Lectures are good but the tests seem hard even after you have studied alot and gone to class. Don't take this as an "easy" group D. The final is cumulative and he doesn't offer any study guides at all.
Way harder than it should be. Have to memorize tons of useless material. Exams are not easy at all. The curve at the end was nice. Without the curve this would be the worst class ever. With it, it is one you can tolerate but still should avoid.
boo this man.
He was very unfair on the final and made it on all new stuff after he said it was going to be evenly split......thats not cool
DONT TAKE, HIS EXAMS MAKE THE MATERIAL MUCH HARDER THAN IT REALLY IS! STAY AWAY!!!
very very very very boring
dont take class unless you have great memory. tests are all memorization.
boring lectures, difficult tests, online notes are good but not reason enough
This is the second time I have had him as a professor and this time it was much harder. The lectures were boring and there was a lot of reading. 3 essays and a written exam.
Took him for honors and it was one of the worst classes I've taken. He didn't use Blackboard so you never knew your exact grade until the final grades were put in and couldn't be changed. When it comes to his essay prompts, you NEVER know what he expects. All notes he writes on the whiteboard irrelevant. Handwriting is equivalent to a 2 year old.
This class was difficult and easy at the same time. Only tests are midterms and final exams. You are graded off of 3 essays which he grades very difficult on. Tests and midterms are all writing definitions and essay questions. Every other day are just lectures the whole class period.
He is very enthusiastic about history, but he doesn't know how to teach it very well. No power points. He reads off of a piece of paper in his hand every lecture. PAY ATTENTION to what HE is saying. Reading the online textbook did not help me very much at all. Exams are in paragraph form. Make sure to base answers around class discussion.
He's a fair grader and let's you take time on your Essays, but the class is entirely philosophy based and he'll ramble for a solid hour without actually making a point. I would not recommend this class at all
Very nice guy. Really hard grader when it comes to papers. Kinda all over the place when it comes to lectures. Gives essay exams. Again, nice guy, but I wouldn't take a class with him again.
This class was very boring. The class lectures really did not help at all. Just talked about random stuff that didn't matter at all. He grades papers like were all professional authors. Can't read any comments on papers.a Nice guy, but expectations are way too high and to get a good grade just sit up front and suck up to him.
He is not a bad prof, I just didn't like his teaching style. If you like have 10 different books and having to read 200 pages a week, this prof is for you. He is a tough grader, but this is college after all.
Very hard grader on papers and tests. Hard to follow lectures, doesn't get his point across. Don't take him unless you absolutely love history, but you'll probably end up hating it after his class.
Very picky on papers and throws personal politics in too much poor prof
Difficult professor, very knowledgeable but it doesn't always translate to students well. If you do the work with effort and on time, there shouldn't be too much issue. Not always your favorite person, but very funny after you get to know her.
Dr. Yeaman is an extremely difficult professor. However, you do learn a lot in her class. If you go to her and ask questions, she is more than willing to help out. It's very easy to get behind in her class, so make sure that you are on top of your game at all times!!!
I will agree that Gator is scatter-brained and disorganized. But he does have a heart of gold and a real passion for God's creations.
This class has a lot of writing but doesn't have much to do with lectures. There are no exams, all of your grade is based on papers and group projects, all of which you do your own research for so you don't need the textbook and lectures are irrelevant. She is a nice professor, it is just a lot of busy work and she keeps track of attendance.
Hye-Shin Kim's teaching is very scatter-brained. She will ask you the same question at least once a day. She kind of rambles. She has a textbook; I would not recommend buying it. You don't need it. You have three group projects in the class, as well as two essay exams. It wasn't that hard of a class, but it kind of felt like a waste of time.
Awful. She doesn't know much about the fashion industry. Class is dreadful and she doesn't teach anything, she reads off a powerpoint that doesn't have much information to begin with. She is rude and does not care about her students what so ever.
Everyone encouraged my roommate and I to take her, which was a complete mistake. She's really nice, but reads from the power points. She assigned our class a FIFTEEN PAGE PAPER SINGLE SPACED group project, as well as a 10 pg. paper group project on something we've never learned how to do. Really annoying and contradicts herself constantly.
She takes attendance seriously. This class is boring! But exams are easy. Prepare for questions on the study guide and you can almost get an A.
It's not a very interesting class and all she does is read off of the powerpoints. Exams are a lot harder than they should consider what you actually learn in the class. Case studies and brand analysis projects are easy, but pointless
She's just alright. The class isn't that hard, but she's not the greatest teacher. All she does is read off her powerpoint and doesn't teach very well. The case studies are pointless, but not that hard. I didn't learn very much from this class.
Annoying, wish Morrison still taught this class. She gives a new quiz every time there's a reading, which is like every class period. Teaches like a preschool teacher-half the time she has no clue what's going on, yet she's mean at the same time. Lots of assignments too, which are hard, but tests aren't too bad so far.
this is the worst class ever. it is very similar to cnst114, so if youve taken that you will die of boredom. you must go to class- she takes off points. she is very specific and will hack off points if you dont do exactly what she says. go to lord&taylor before the class bc she talks about it a lot
very anal and self-centered, easy but will die from boredom first, have to go to class to do well
Very particular--only her way
mean, I didnt like her tests werent bad
She at first makes you think that class will be easy saying there won't be any tests or quizzes. you don't actually have to pay attention but even if you wanted to her lectures are all over the place and none of it makes any sense. if you want to actually learn you have to read the book. There are 3 lesson plans that she grades harshly!!!!
She's not very clear about what she wants for answers on some labs. Didn't like her style of teaching and was a bit disorganized. She's really sweet though!
Passionate about what she does, but expects her students to know what they are doing before they enter the class. If you study hard and have a possible breakdown in front of her you may just get by.
I hated the first section of this class!!!! It was horrible. The book and lectures don't show up on the quizzes. It's far-fetch application. The second section was much better. It's good that everything is all group work, definitely a plus. Be thorough on answering things for labs and quizzes.
Seems pretty easy at first but don't be fooled. She grades extremely hard for a gened. Labs aren't hard but she grades the lab book hard. Tests nearly killed me. 2 group projects also graded too hard. Just be ready to be disappointed every time you get a grade back.
Try to avoid if possible. Grades way too tough for a 2 credit class. Isn't very clear when giving assignments. Group projects are a big hassle.
she does give a lot of group work, but grades everything really hard. She doesnt explain some projects clearly enough. you have to do two concept maps which take forever. try and take someone else, because she grades way too hard for a 2 credit class
She's nice I guess, but doesn't really teach anything because it's stuff we already know... and has WAY too many stories about her *amazing* kids. Plus she feeds Cheetos to the ducks at the arboretum. Boo.
GISAT112, makes class harder than it has to be. Does not go over all material you need for a lab before lab, or a test for that matter. Lenient with grades if you ask. Wouldn't take her again if I had a choice.
Very annoying lectures, not good early in the morning, bad at making quizzes
has favorites
Lots of homework, make sure to get ahead on homework if you want to succeed with her. If you put in the work, you should be able to get an A, but honestly another professor for this class would be much more beneficial. From my understanding, she is not sincere when it comes to students questions regarding the syllabus and a hard grader.
She seems nice and like a good professor throughout the semester, but she will GRILL you for the final project. You can work as hard as possible and still be lucky to get a C. You're graded on several exams, two presentations, and participation (including showing up to class).
Take a different professor is possible. She assigns a lot of online textbook work and changes dates without informing students. Tough grader on the final project and provided minimal feedback. Very lecture heavy and doesn't post notes or anything to study off of other than a vague study guide given to students in class
For starters, I took this class as an elective, she makes this course much harder than it needs to be. Classes are very boring, and it is difficult to stay attentive. She reads straight from the slides, no other form of instruction. Her exam reviews are only around 50% useful, asks unclear/vague test quests. Take this class with another professor!
Extremely tough grader. Exam study guides are filled with so much information that it is almost impossible to retain everything. Class is very boring, reading straight from a slide show that she does not even post online.
Lectures are straight from the powerpoint; not available to students via bb. Questions on exams come from specifics in the textbook. Case studies done throughout the semester. The end of semester paper and presentation is graded harshly and the prof makes sure to ask difficult questions and humiliate you in front of the class. Take another section
one of the worst prof i have had at grand valley, you don't need to show up to lectures everything you will be tested on is straight out of the book. the review she gives you is not helpful at all. the wording she has on her exam makes them difficult. she made an easy class very hard. she has unreasonable expectations for case studies. STAY AWAY
Very strict grader, expects you to know the syllabus like the back of your hand so I recommend consulting it before you do every assignment.
This is by far my most unfavorite professor at GVSU over the past 4 years. Class is extremely boring, and I hate the tickers she uses to try to make class more interesting. Avoid her at all costs, but if you have her, READ THE BOOK. The book is way more useful than her lectures, which are mandatory. Good Luck!
She is really irritating, she never uses blackboard to post your grades so you have to keep track yourself. Based on my attendance and all my class work I thought I had a A-/B+ in her class and then I got a B- on my transcript. She's so unclear and her class is no fun. If you memorize the book you'll probably be find with a a B
she was a nice lady, but basically the whole class is based off of 3 group projects, 3 tests and participation. If u dont like to talk dont take this class. Tests were straight from the book. Make sure you read the chapters.
Ok, her class consists of lectures based on her thoughts, group work, multiple choice tests that come directly from the book, you MUST READ, and a long paper with a few presentations. A fairly easy class if you read and do the work.
boring lectures and gives multiple choice tests that are very unclear
Most boring class ever! She puts definitions of words on overhead sheets the whole class period. Nothing she talks about is on the exam, so you better read every little thing in the book, including diagrams. No bathroom breaks in a 6-9 class!!
Tests Suck, doesnt prepare you at all. Anything in book is game. Very organized but paper, project and tests are impossible. AVOID
Exams are pretty hard. Very broad subject but easy. If you look over the 30 mysteries she puts on exam out of the possible 180 things, you might do well. Otherwise you are clueless on what could be on there.
If you want to get an F take her class. Class boring, lectures pointless and exam impossible.
Doesn't lecture well, tests are over everthing in book, and up for throw.
Thea 104 is suppose to be an easy A class and he took this class way to seriously, do not take it, even if you pay attention and go to every class, there will still be questions on the test that you're not sure of. Test are very tricky and he calls students out multiple times, embarrassing them in front of 300 kids. Don't take his class
Educator by day magician by night. More like an idiot by day and a bigger idiot by night. He is HORRIBLE. He rants and rages at the class for no apparent reason. He grades papers like you should be an expert writer. He's a jerk. he is not funny, or intimidating. Yet, he thinks he is. When he yells i cant help but laugh. Don't take him.
harbottle=horrible ... made me not want to be an english major anymore
Worst writing class I've ever had. The assignments are fairly easy but he grades really, really hard. I ended up with a stupid C in the class (I usually get As in wrt classes). He makes you feel like crap about yourself and tears your work down in front of other students. Don't take his class if you'd like to be happy at all this semester. Horrible
sooooo boring, and a tough grader
Dr. Tonn is one of those professors you'll feel bad for hating. He is a nice old man and seems to mean well, but I genuinely can't figure out why he hasn't retired. You can't really ask him questions because he can't hear well and he doesn't seem to put much effort into his lectures, worksheets and grading, probably because he's too old.
Good man, terrible teacher
He means well and really wants to be a good professor AND friend. A lot of information per lecture, then expects you to know how to do the work from there. There are lots of assignments because he is a strong believer that the "more practice, the better". Tough course. Attendance is not mandatory, but with as much information and work, just go.
Dr. McCargar is an extremely intelligent individual but is tough to learn from. He assigns work packets with problems concurrent to the material he teaches. Most of the coursework is self-taught because of this, but he expects the material to be learned at quicker than normal pace. Exams are HARD. Some up to 10 pages of problems. Tough grader.
not too hard, but a lot of write-up work. he works hard to help you, but makes you think to get the answer instead of just telling you. too time consuming for just a lab
Professor Turcotte is a very tough grader, but also doesn't really give clear guidelines for what he expects out of the assignments. Not really easy to email with as he has resent the unclear instructions for assignments. The google earth assignments are very time consuming for only 20 points.. Not worth the frustration or taking the class.
Went over notes on powerpoint and chalk board. No real in depth explanation on notes. If you use the study guide he gives you and study couple nights in advance, you'll easily get a B or B- on the test.
Absolutely terrible class. He doesn't put up power points prior to class so you cannot follow along. Words the questions on the test ridiculously that even if you do study the power points you need to have a background in geography to even understand.
hard teacher..thought i could slide through on this elective. very wrong. i came close to failing.
He always repeats everything that he said the day before and it gets annoying, but you have to go to class because he lectures on that is on the test. The book is boring b/c he wrote it but it goes right along with his lecture.
Doesnt have a study guide so test are hard to study from. Does make it easy to get a good grade. Take his class if you plan on going.
Doesnt really take attendance. Not clear on explaining what to study for quizzes and tests. Study everything from lecture and book if you want to pass a quiz. Dont recommend if you arent good at studying a lot of information for quizzes/tests.
this guy made me hate communications!!!! he thinks he knows everything and if you try and prove him wrong he will punk you and make you feel stupid. the tests are a joke. he asks the most random questions and its nothing that you studied. DONT TAKE!!!!!
Seriosly, i dont think this man has ever admitted to being wrong in his life. Dont challenge him because he just gets super pissed and eggy. Quizzes were farely easy, tests were hard - he hates it when you spell things wrong. Final was a joke.
just do well on quizes. this guy is in love with comm.
BORING & BORING...
He knows his stuff but TOO much info, no reviews for tests, hard
boring, hard tests, lots of days off
Easy work, but a boring guy and class. Textbook sucks too
Some teachers need to retire. Essay tests, never the right answer. Grummpy!
He seems like a nice guy, but is extremely unclear. He spends a lot of time daily, explaining things just to find out he made a mistake and then will sit there clueless trying to find out where he went wrong. You will have to teach yourself and going to class can sometimes confuse you. Thankfully there is no attendance policy.
Not the best class in the world. He is a nice guy, but never cancels class, always lectures from beginning to end and is very scatter-brained. The material doesn't seem like it should be challenging, but he makes it confusing. Get another professor if you can.
Very tough class. He doesn't care to relate to his students at all, just walks right in and starts lecturing. Very very smart man, but too smart to teach someone who doesn't understand calculus well. Tests are very tough, but you get a take home portion that can help. Attendance isn't mandatory. I wouldn't take his class again.
Couldn't stand his class at all, dropped it the day of the deadline. He goes of on wild tangents to solve simple problems because he wants you to fully comprehend the purpose of calculus. Very smart man, on time all the time. If your going to take this class then I suggest that you make sure the rest of your schedule is fairly easy. Good luck!!
VERY VERY HARD. He is rude and does not teach the material well. His tests are ALL proof, but none you could study before hand. Every proof on the test is a brand new one. If you want a C, D, or F on your transcript then take him. Almost impossible to get an A or B. For every test he gives an in class AND a take home!
If you can NEVER take a class under this man! He is very nice but, very, very hard to understand. Wants all problems to be done the hard way and will accept nothing less. Tests you on the information about once a month and they are all very hard. Go to his office hours as much as possible if you cannot avoid taking this class.
He is a nice person and will help you outside of class but he is terrible at explaining things. His tests aren't that hard IF YOU UNDERSTAND THE MATERIAL. But understanding the material involves understanding him which is the hard part. The only graded assignments are 3 tests and 1 exam . He has no attendance policy but if you miss class, you will
not a good professor. I taught myself all the content of the course, and realized only at the end that going to class really isn't necessary since his notes are pointless to understand. If you want to teach yourself, this class still sucks, but at least you get the satisfaction of hard work....
Do not take this class unless you have to. This class is very confusing, and the teacher moves extremely fast. My notes were very disorganized due to his style of teaching (all over the board), making it impossible for me to study at home. He is a very nice person, and his grading scale does work out to the student's advantage. Stay away!
very nice and willing to work with you during office hours, but very bad lectures. must attend class, though all the notes are disorganized. expect to teach yourself.
Extremely nice guy, just not the best professor. Class seemed like it was going to be interesting and easy at first, but it became confusing. It's hard to figure out how u are doing in the class because his grading scale is so odd. Struggled to make a C. No attendance, but you MUST go to class!
Nice guy, horrible teacher. If you don't understand one concept, you might as well give up because there's no way to figure out what you don't understand AND learn the new stuff. I would not recommend this course or teacher, even though I do like the guy.
Um..KILL yourself before you take this class. Nice guy but races thru the material and is so unclear as to what the HELL he's talking about. Questions on the test are soooo weird I can't even describe them and the math you learn isn't even applicable in the real world. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS OR HIM
Asks the stupidest questions on tests, and expects students to know as much as he does without teaching anything. I don't think he realizes that we aren't math professors too.
In all honesty hes a very nice guy out of class. But as far as teaching goes hes satan. Do not take this class, I don't know one person with even a B. Try for an override or just wait another semester before taking it with him.s
Doesn't teach well, but will help you out if you go to see him. He'll tell you exactly what to study. I never go to class. Read the chapters the night before and you'll pass. I have an A.
I can't understand the man's teaching, so going to class doesn't really matter. I learn on my own. Only take the class if you're familiar with Calculus beforehand. I'm only passing 'cause he graded a test wrong (very uncommon).
really nice guy...but sucks at teaching
Nice guy, poor teacher
nice guy, BUT HAS NO CLUE HOW TO TEACH
Knows what he is doing, but cannot get it across to us. He is confusing!
math for your dog while peeing on a tree, incredibly boring and good for nothing
He is a nice person. a little weird tho. he is way too old to be teaching however. he doesn't make assignments clear and he is very rude at times. he really should be forced to retire so a new more helpful professor can teach.
He was a good strict instructor. Not a good instructor if your not a studious student! You must take the chapter readings seriously and do them.He is university material and I enjoyed his lectures although sometimes long, they were always scholarly. I very much enjoyed his class! I will miss his class!
hes not that bad once your in his class after a while. but what out for your grades on the notebook and psychsims. make sure he marks them!! because he forgot to record some of mine and blamed me for not turning them in, when i had.
Dropped the class after the first day. Although it was a summer class, I'm sure his "regular" classes are just as hard & confusing. His teaching method is very dated...I would not recommend him to anyone.
Something about him seems off. He's got too much psychology in his head to seems like a real live person. Not a lot of real facts are being learned. Class is tedious but not too hard, just glance over the book and memorize test essay questions.
If you care about your GPA, don't take McCarthy, but if you want to learn to write a proof so that you can be a successful mathematician, take McCarthy. He will force you to become a proof-writer, a skill that has benefitted me greatly in other classes. However, he gets off-topic very easily and we didn't cover nearly enough material in the class
He is a bit hard to understand at first but you get used to it. Ask questions if you don't understand, he sometimes doesn't realize how fast he's going so he will clarify. Copy down his examples. I thought the tests were very fair. He gives practice problems which is so nice-do them and re do his examples and you'll be fine. I finished with an A!
He is the most boring professor ever, and he lets students use laptops in class, so it is almost impossible to pay attention. When you can manage to pay attention, he is pretty confusing and spends so much time on one simple thing and it feels like he neglects the harder stuff. Also he grades really harsh. Would not recommend.
most impossible class ever. do not take unless you need it. two tests and one project and that's all you're graded on. if you do poorly on one, you're screwed
As far as math professors at JMU go, he's not too bad, but I've had better. He talks in this kind of mumbly Louisiana accent that's kind of hard to understand. Not always the best at explaining things either. Beware of the practice tests; the real tests are a LOT harder. Some graded homework, but most is not. Does not use Blackboard.
Repeats himself endlessly, and cannot stop grunting for some reason. He's a nice guy, but he goes really fast and doesn't really do enough examples. He also expects you to understand how to code in SAS without ever going over anything, he shows you a template and throws you a huge portion of your final to you in code. Good luck!
Textbook is online, but it is his own rough draft of one, full of errors. Extremely willing to help but so unclear that asking questions will take FAR longer than figuring it out for yourself. The class material was pretty easy in my opinion and what difficulty I had was from trying to pay attention to the material repeated over and over and over.
He's awkward and boring, but the class isn't as hard as everyone says it is. Make sure you do all of the homework problems he assigns in the book-- they aren't graded, but that's what really helped me learn the material and they're usually very similar to the questions that will be on the tests.
dude forget about taking class from him if you want to do well. i went to every class and took notes (as well as I cud) but i mean the man is scrambled. he mumbles and you cant understand what he is saying. i once went to his office for help before an exam and still failed. he's a hard grader and doesn't care if his students are doing well.
absolutley ridiculous....... 1. Mumbles 2. ridiculous at grading tests 3. boring 4. tests are soo much harder than they should be. 5. he is available for extra help but its not worth going. 6. Talks way too fast and he goes all over the place. 7. Doesn't explain material well ... I would try to find somebody else unless you took this class in h.s.
I am not an idiot when it comes to math, but this guys classes are so boring and he makes the tests a lot harder than they need to be. I would recommend that you take someone else if possible. He laughts at himself the whole class and he mumbles when he teaches. The other teachers use SPSS as projects you will you it during the test.Hate this class
The class is not that bad! He is a little crazy but he is a nice guy that is willing to help in office hours. GO TO CLASS AND TAKE NOTES and you will do fine!
Serioulsy don't take this guy if you can avoid it. He mumbles and doesn't teach well. He's a nice guy but a terrible teacher, and he grades very strictly. He'll seriously take off points for picky things like putting 3 decimals instead of 2.
he's hard to follow... tests are very difficult... its not impossible to do well, but try to find another teacher if you can.
Probably the hardest class I have ever taken. Does not provide much help on the homework, which in the last half of the semester is impossible.
I'm in the honors program and it was still real tough to keep pace b/c he isn't clear in lecture. Test questions are not of the same nature as hwk problems. Final was the only thing i was ready for b/c i studied his old tests. Do not recommend.
not very good at teaching, doesnt curve, last test grade, class average was 69. he takes off for EVERYTHING on tests, its really meticulously annoying, you have to learn stats HIS way, does not test with the same format as we do in class
My first C in college was due to him. He is a very nice man, and very helpful, but his teaching style is not the greatest.
For one who struggles in math this is not the professor for you. He is very condecending and makes you feel umb if you don't understand the first time. He is willing to help during his office hours. dont ask for x-tra credit he'll laugh at you.
this guy sucks, he talks way too fast and isnt clear whatsoever, tries to be helpful but only confuses yuo even more, hes not a very good grader either, doesnt really believe in partial credit
Interesting class. Sometimes you learn a lot, sometimes you don't know what the heck is going on. Pay attention, do the work, you'll do fine.
Very spastic, always moving around room and over explains simple details. Tests are hard, but doable...I wouldn't recommend him...
Horrible! Too spastic and confusing! You think you know the material till you see the tests and are like what the hell!, he reminds me of Rainman. Dont take his class.
catch up on sleep during this class, notes are online, too nuts to understand
Very disoriented, cant speak english well, quizzes w/ only 3 questions
He's hard to understand in class. very difficult to read his writing.
very jittery in class, hard to follow, terrible handwriting
Lectures are so long and boring, she's not that great at teaching or responding to questions, the only thing I get out of her lectures are her cussing 90% of the time and it's not even funny lol. Wish her lectures were a bit more professional and actually related to the content.
I don't recommend taking her. She is an EXTREMELY harsh grader when it comes to the exams and paper. She says she cares about her students, but definitely has favorites and it shows when it comes to grades. If you don't put exactly what she wants/she puts for the paper and exam, good luck, she marks it wrong because its not what she puts on the key
Get ready to read, read, and read some more. It's ridiculous the amount of reading she assigns! I'm miserable this semester because the amount of reading she makes us do is taking a lot of time away from my other courses. There are not enough hours in the day to get everything done with her class thrown into the mix. At least she's nice?
Definitely a weed out class. The textbook is your teacher/grader and there are lots of small/tedious assignments. Exams arent curved and the final is cumulative, but the final reuses questions from earlier exams so as long as you go back after the exams and understand why you got it wrong at least the final isnt that bad.
The textbook was my best friend in this class. Dr. Halsell seems nice enough but I did not get a lot of value out of her lectures or supplemental assignments, and she assigned a lot of them. This class is doable but it takes a lot of diligence and hard work to score highly on the exams. There was also no curve, so what you see is what you get.
She's not a bad person, but she was very dry in her lectures. When I went to her office it was pretty much "in the book" but mostly driven off of previous knowledge she did not offer. She's funny from time to time, but not worth your genetics grade.
Halsell is a nice person however she depends on her pass sessions to teach students, and reads off the slides for lectures. The lectures are very confusing and not worth going to. You have to read the chapters before attending class. I learned everything from reading the chapters, not from her teaching. Her tests are IMPOSSIBLE
This class is a lot of reading material. If you don't read the entire chapter before attending lecture you will be very confused. I also think she relies too much on her pass sessions to explain information, and goes quickly in the actual class. There is a lot of outside work in this class. Her tests are almost impossible.
Do not take this class if you do not want to teach yourself. Her lectures were so long and boring they made no sense. She does clicker questions almost every day, so missing class will eventually affect your grade. Her tests do not really correlate with lecture, so study a lot for them in order to get good grades. She is really caring though!
Dr. Halsell is super nice as a person, but not a very good professor. Her exams are extremely difficult and require a lot of studying to even understand the questions. However, there are a lot of online assignments and group quizzes that will help save your grade, along with the lab portion that counts as 30% of your final grade.
she is boring
Halsell butchered my adoration for biology. As a first-semester freshman taking her class, I was ready to drop out of JMU. If it wasn't for lab counting for 30% of my overall grade, I would have not passed. I studied for a week before every single one of her exams and still did not receive higher than a 50. Very sweet and very intelligent woman.
Halsell is obviously passionate about biology, however her lectures always leave me feeling confused and clueless. Tests are nearly impossible, even with the group test. She springs Launchpad assignments on you without telling, so often you have to rush to get them done. Class requires lots of textbook reading to understand the material.
Extremely smart and respectable professor. I had a very hard time understanding her way of teaching and found myself teaching myself everything. Tests were very tricky and confusing, no matter how much I studied always felt unprepared.
I despise this woman. The class is "team based learning" AKA spend hours reading the textbook just to come into the class and spend 7/8ths of the class being clueless on how to do a worksheet without any instruction. Then 1/8th of the class is her explaining how to do it. Sometimes she doesn't even finish explaining. Her tests are ridiculously hard
It's hard to understand his lectures. He values his lectures. He might as well try to rewrite the history books. He has lectures different from the text. Than both are than on the test. He has so many tests, both take home and in-class. At times, he'll overlook the text in favor of lecturing his point of view. Which is harder to study than the facts, because he's passionate about it.
not willing to work with special situations
This is an easy A class, you don't need the textbook, answers are posted already just look for it. This professor however is not respectful when answering emails, she replies to your emails as if your a child. I asked her if she offered any extra credit, and asked a question about an assignment & responded rudely. Took for a required course.
Her online class was very consistent and easy to follow. Discussion board once a week i think, and a test every 2 weeks. No final or midterm.
SUMMER met Tue for 5 wks READ few chptrs, watched couplehrs vids, cmpltd 5 takehomeexam, went over answrs, turnedin scantron/exam n picked up nxtwk exam; class abt 1 hr long READ exam ques crfully n listen 2 vid thrghly 4 answrs MUST cmplt 4-5pg movie review LATE 2 class get yelled @ but overall easygoin noticed ppl were allwd 2 turnin late exms
When I look at her rates before i took this class I thought that it will depends a lot on the students too,but believe me everything is true.She is crazy.All your disscusion has to be 400 min and the reply 250min and plus you have an exam every other week which is not that bad,but you also have an 15 pages essay to do about the war in Iraq.Take ano
Please don't take this teacher for your own good.I guess she is easier on campus than if you take her online.I am an A student and I never had any trouble with any of my classes but this class was very stressful.I took her online this spring and I am so sorry that I didn't drop her class.I might take an A though but I work hard for it.
Well she is interesting, cant say that she is hard. Tests were take home (i had a tele-course)so not that hard. She is a bit unstable, yelling a lot, getting angry for no reason. But class is not that great with an average effort you will come out with a B. Dont be late to class if its a telecourse she will yell.
Yeager is a horrible teacher...she gives no notes in the class...be ready to read your head out cause pratically that is the only way you can pass the class...dont recomend her!
She makes you read a long chapter each week and she randomly gives you a pop quiz in the beginning of class. So if you enjoy reading textbooks, you'll be okay.
there are no notes given in her class! Sucks!
This class was suicide. His concepts were not always well explained. He would spend 40 mins on a problem that had an answer which did not make sense at the end. His class was very fast paced and he expected you to have a lot of background in math before you entered the class. Don't take unless you will seriously spend 15+ hours a week studying
The material was a bit difficult but she offers a lot of help. You definitely have to work hard in this class. There are many quizzes and 1 page papers which can boost your grade. Study hard for the exams and attendance is mandatory. An A is attainable.
Somebody once told me that if you want the definition of a control freak to read the resume of a band director. Greg would do better to treat his musicians with the same respect he demands than to throw tantrums on the podium, which are embarrassing to witness. His anger issues and blatant favoritism are detrimental to his program. Hot? No Way!
Cunningham is not interested in lovers of music who want to continue their art recreationally. He would rather only those with a longing to be professional musicians be in his company.
I don't know if she has changed her teaching methods but I found her to be the exact opposite of evaluations. Seems like she enjoyed confusing the class and the material more than teaching it.Have more to say but not enough room. Warning don't take class
prof was ok, material was interesting, but I can recommend this one
You can tell that Dr. Poindexter is really passionate about mass media. However, this is basically a history class and he lectures on and on until you fall asleep. No need to take notes, it's an easy A and he makes progressive notes for you in Bb. DON'T SKIP CLASS! He has notecards and if you miss class it's 11 points off each card you miss.
The absolute most boring prof ever. Expect naps. Every. Day. Nice and sometimes funny though, not difficult at all.
he will put you to sleep but you cannot skip because he gives up to 10 points daily on a little paragraph you write at end of class. overall not to hard and I even slept like everyday and still got my points. 2 essays out of class, also not too bad
If you don't plan on coming to class, then don't waste your money by taking this class. He's a boring guy and it was painful to attend but somehow I got the highest grade in his whole lecture class and wrote me a stunning recommendation letter for a scholarship.
If you skip you wont pass. Period.
Lecture's that you can't miss and will put you to sleep. You will have two group presentations and the final exam is close to half of your grade. If you do well with note taking and lectures take him. If not then don't get anywhere near this man.
Poindexter is interesting. His class was meaningful at some points and at others the class really dragged. He's a very qualified professor, however his material sometimes appeared to be more about his own work/experiences. He's very passionate about what he teaches, but I would try to take this class with a different professor.
I took him for BCA210 as a freshman my first semester. There are 2 big group projects (which were fine) but he doesn't give you any exams over the entire semester. THE FINAL EXAM IS WORTH 45% OF YOUR FINAL GRADE! Most A's in the class will change to C's or worse because of it. Choose a different professor if possible.
I'm honestly still not sure what this class was about. Very unclear on what was going on the entire semester. notecards everyday so you need to go to class. two group projects you need to do. offers make up assignments and extra credit. easy to pass but waste of time
You have to show up for class participation which is writing on a note card. Hes boring but if you take good notes you will pass the midterm and final.
One of the most dry boring classes I have ever taken at CMU. Watch pointless movies that don't help you learn the material at all. When he does lecture it's long and drawn out, and he goes off on tangents A LOT. Tests are super hard. He really does love the material though, and is a nice guy.
Professor Poindexter took full advantage of the extra credit that is tagged on to this course. He had no problem piling the reading on, and then expecting you to know direct quotes from the textbook for his exams. His syllabus mentioned in class work, but there wasn't any. The only grades you get are exams and one essay. Go with Sutterfield.
He is the reason I am no longer a broadcast major. I had to get a 42/60 on my final to even pass the class and lucky for me I got a 45. AVOID HIM if you can!
I know an honor student who cheated in his class which says a lot about how tough the class is.
expect a very boring semester and hearing a lot about Madagascar. Make sure you do the reading. Most of the exams are from the reading.
Very hard class....so much information....and he doesn't make it any easier on the students.
i could not stand this man! i thought i'd be able to go to class everyday (almost) and learn, but i would fall asleep everytime. his voice is funny and annoying. VERY hard! and you REALLY have to work hard to get a decent grade in the class! i learned a lot, but i would never take a class with him again!
The course is OK. It isn't too hard, but he assigns a LOT of reading. He presents a lot of history in the class, which can be interesting. He always manages to slip several political opinions into each and every class, which I find very annoying.
I was very excited for the class and anticipated what I thought I would learn in it. I was very disspointed, hes very boring and I did not think that watching movies was very relavent he showed no connection between the material he presented and what the class was supposed to be about. VERY strict with all assignments. Overall I def. didnt like him
His classes are very boring and he has a very monotone voice that makes you fall asleep.
Seems strange unsure of his teaching skills and dont know what his test will be like.
This class was the best Tues/Thurs naps I ever had. It was almost impossible to stay awake for any entire class period. If you are enrolled in BCA 288 or have taken it, there is no reason to ever come to this class or any excuse to do bad. This guy tells the worst jokes as well.
Boring lectures!!!
He's really very smart. He does sound like a bad version of Sean Connery. I liked the class because it was interesting but some of the stuff dragged and seemed irrelevant. There's so much to cover for the exams, it's a bit overwhelming at times. I wanted to go into broadcasting, but now I don't.
This class sucked. I dont recommend taking this class with poindexter. he wants you to know what to much material for a 15 point test. its ridculous. hes also really full of himself because he knows everything. If you dont believe if check out his website
3 exams- 1st exam: study every thing (notes, web notes and the book) 2nd exam: web notes and lecture notes. Final: mostly on the lecture notes and the book. I studied for a couple of hours every night before the exam and still passed, just go to class.
Very hard teacher. I wanted to go into broadcasting until I took this class.
Not going to lie, this class is hard. Go to class and do AS MUCH of the reading as you can. Its a butt-load, but you NEED to do it to pass. Pay attention in class and save the web notes. The two projects arent that hard.
Honestly, hardest class ever!! Go to every class, take notes on every movie, sound bite, lecture, read the book front and back, PRINT OUT THE WEB PAGE NOTES!! No curve, the class is 3 exams and a paper, dont take it if you dont have to!!
People that find Poindexter's class easy must come by grade's easily. I did everything that he suggested you do, but when it came time for exams... It was so much information that my head was spinning!
Second time taking him...he seems to let the VCR babysit the class...not impressed with teaching skills, but he goes out of his way to make sure that you understand what is required to do well...very opinionated, not for everyone, but very predictable.
Very boring class. Very liberal professor. How many videos do we need to watch about how hard it has been/is to be black in America? From a middle-aged white guy no less.
Impossible to stay awake...Class was definently NOT what I expected. Goes by online study guides, but tough on essays
Can't stand the man, can't stand the class. If you enjoy banging your head against the wall, do take. But take it from me, spare the misery if you possibly can.
Boring as hell. Impossible to get interested in his lecture. When are we going to learn about broadcasting? Class is in my major, but is a waste of my time.
Incredibly boring and conceited....likes to hear himself talk. Don't Take!
Poindexter is a man who is full of himself. If you want to see a ego grow, take!
U want to talk to the driest man alive and get some sleep in, take this class!
Not too hard but certainly not fun at all.
I wouldn't have taught class the same way...occassionally annoying, but not hard
The mans head is HUGE! If you can't keep yourself awake, DO NOT take this class.
3 classes with him. Why would I subject myself to that? Needed good sleep!
knows his stuff, but too many years teaching = bitter rude guy.
very boring. he doesn't know how to communicate what he knows to his students.
boring lectures!!!
Boring lectures, uninspired presence, diffcult exams
It's a shame he was the only option for this course. Took it over winter. Definitely should have waited to take a different professor. He is the most arrogant professor I have had so far. If you love unnecessary busy work and ridiculous grading policies then you're in luck. Also, read the syllabus inside and out, DONT miss anything.
His tests are the worst constructed assessments that I've ever seen in my life. You don't have to study for anything, all you have to do is choose "all of the above" whenever it's a choice and you'll get at least an 80% on the exams. He's an idiot.
Extremely rude. Don't take him
Enjoy 3 hour long lectures of boredom. Less and less people will show up for class as the semester progresses. She cares about plants a lot, but she does not care about you. She knows a lot about botany, but shouldn't be teaching it.
This class is SO hard. I'm usually a great student but this class with SHRED YOU APART. If you don't read your notes every night and plant to study EVERY NIGHT then you will not do good, class average on a test we had was 60%. Please read this as a caution.
Teacher is really nice, a class you do not want to miss even one day or you could miss a piece of the puzzle. Strictly study from Teachers Work book and take notes on anything she covers in review or puts on the board and you will get an A.
Ok if you dont have to take this class please DO NOT take it, it requires a LOT of studying. Way too much material.Please consider this comment. the prof. is more passionate about Bio, and less interested about her students.
A lot of work, but instructor is very clear
She is not a good teacher because she takes every question as an insult, because she couldn't have possibly missed something. She can't handle a class because she lacks essential qualities such as patience, organization, the ability to lead a discussion... Plus she just rushes through everything and lets the same 2 kids answer every question.
Really funny, but it's hard to understand things in class.
Tough but the more I look back the more I value the punch in the face this class gave me. Following the process on problems where you already know the answer seems dumb until you realize you're actually learning the process in order to apply it to problems in real engineering life that are WAY harder. Always check your assumptions! :D
I don't feel like Imbrie really respects his students. This especially comes through when he fails to send out some email or notification that he promised he would do two weeks ago. If he's too busy to perform the basic duties of his positions, he needs to trim his career obligations.
He never showed up on time for class all semester, and sometimes his TA showed up instead. He teaches "concepts" but for students who dont understand the basic background stuff it is hard to paint the whole picture. He didnt give enough time on exams and was very unorganized!
This professor is the kind of guy who probably reads ratemyprofessors.com to laugh evilly about all the mean things that people write about him. I think most students will come to appreciate this class in the future, but shortly after the suffering it is hard not to be bitter.
PK is frustrating more than anything else. The class material isn't particularly hard, but the nature of the class is that it sucks up all your time and makes you worry so much about it that you start to neglect your other classes. It doesn't help that PK is VERY unorganized and can't manage to post things on time or even show up to class on time.
The man should be a centerfold for "Vague" magazine. And I'm pretty sure he said his research was in "teaming," which makes more sense with salmon than with people. But it's probably like jumping into a hot tub: hurts really bad at first, but lessens as you remain in it.
This class, once over, is clearly excellent training for more difficult college days ahead. Though it is natural to hate the class while in it, the overload of work and vagueness of questions/lectures will undoubtedly prove to be useful experiences in the years ahead.
I understand what he's doing and it IS useful but I just wish he would do what he says he'll do WHEN he says he'll do it. Remember the rubber band cars? We were graded on how well our predictions matched our performance. I think Imbrie should be paid that way. He would get about $5 each semester.
Professor Imbrie is a man on a mission to be a worthless teacher. Rather than let us TRY to understand the worthless lab instructor...he makes us play mastermind for 20 minutes...then we get a check for understanding about the stuff we SHOULD have done.
oh yes, he "teaches" this too. you can't miss a lecture or you fail. you can't fall asleep or you fail. so is that starbucks cup glued to his hand...?
I just don't know about a prof. who calls things "doojiflibbies."
Didn't like him at all. But I know he doesn't like to be called PK.
He does a good job with the programming part, but the whole lego project is just ridiculous--and we don't go over anything in class about it.
really hard tests, expects you to know a ridiculous about of information about literally everything. Don't take him unless you have time to spend reading the entire textbook and some other book he wrote...too much work unless u like government
Possibly the most boring class EVER. He zooms through lectures, he uses EVERY minute of the class. If you finish a topic 1 minute early, he will start on the next topic. Never cancels class and never lets class out early. Ave class test score is about 70.
Tests are rediculously crazy, i would rather die slow than take this class again
very boring teacher. had him for an 8 am, i wanted to sleep through his class. he teaches the material, but mainly just what the book says. most of his lectures involve him telling his problems and those of his family. pretty easy grader, multiple choice and t/f tests arent too bad
I don't even know what this class was about. It was early in the morning and he tells all BS stories - who knows what to study but attendance and your 2 papers will bump your grade up big time.
nice guy that got stuck with a bad class. Hard to understand, moves really fast and assumes you understand. hard tests. helpful outside of class and very friendly.
Thomas Angell is a great person. He is understanding and will work with you to great lengths if you are struggling or have excused absences. However, all of his homework he makes up himself. Same with his tests. He is extremely well educated and taught Math 351 with an almost graduate level style. I dropped the class.
Not as bad as people might say. Helpful if you make it obvious you want to know the information. He tests you on what he gives in notes in class, although reading along with the book and doing H.W questions helps out alot. He can be rather confusing at times, so make sure to go to office hours and you should be just fine.
Poor teacher, always late to class, hard to understand proofs, doesn't bring the hard stuff down to the student's level, DO NOT BUY THE BOOK he does not use it nor reference it. BIGGEST CURVE EVER. I had a C- raw score, ended up with an A-.
class average on the first test was a 53...nuff said
Just go to class and do your best. Hes not out to ruin anyone or prevent someone from graduating. Just wants you to try and work hard.
very kind gentleman, but sometimes too old to remember stuff and lost during the middle.
Very unclear and a poor teacher
that teacher covers 12% of the entire material and can make you sleep in 10sec.
Not a good teacher! Stay away if you can. Tests are hard and not based on book
Does the bare minimum.. doesn't care to help students out. Smug
When I took his online class, I would have to email him 3 or 4 times before he would respond to me. The class material is easy, but he is not helpful at all.
His accent is difficult to understand at first, but it gets better and he is a great professor He is always there to help. I do advise you take notes though
It was his first time teaching the class, so he wasn't much help but what he did know was very helpful. Walks funny and kind of hard to understand. The tests and Final were all take home. Also canceled class numerous times for various reasons but that just gave you more time to finish assignments. Overall not to bad.
He's boring. He talks about India constantly and rarely anything he says is on the test. Someone else writes his tests for him. Perhaps one of the hardest 101 classes I have taken and I'm a geography major.
He's kinda boring and sometimes hard to understand. The study guides (while are poorly formatted and often hard to read) and lecture come straight out of the book. However he gives extra credit if you happen to be there the day he hands back a test. Also, his spelling tends to be a bit... off at times (riverseal = reversal, apparently)
Probably the hardest entry level class I've ever taken.
She teaches the Geography class like an anthropology class because shes an anthropology professor. That would be fine except I took the class becuase I wanted a Geography course, not Anthropology
By the comments, she seems to be well-liked in anthropology, but I would not recommend her GGEOG class...the tests were ridiculously nit-picky. She flips thru slides too fast, and the slides don't have anything to do with what she's talking about.
Incredibly boring..just watched movies. Didn't want to teach
nice woman, funny and entertaining, good personality, VERY hard midterm, not willing to help
Lectures were random and unprepared. Did not teach us the necessary skills.
I am sorry for you if you need this class, terrible, unorganized & unstructured!
While I found her easy to talk to, I don't feel like talking to her was all that productive. Because it was a creative writing class, I enjoyed it; however, it was due to the fact that I had other students in the class that were great writers and learning from them the highlight for me.
Very hard. Never had a problem here so far at UD except for this class.Be prepared for mini-tests, they count in the end. As for his tests, very unfair. Random questions that were never discussed and it is VERY detailed. Content is, yes, somewhat interesting but way too much for one test.
Rees for some reason thinks that anyone sleeping or using their phone in class is a major distraction. But from experience in this class- nothing is more distracting than Rees stopping class, yelling across the room for the person next to the student sleeping to wake them up, then kicking them out of class. Maybe that's just my opinion though.
Holy moly this class was hard! Not what you would expect from a 100 level! Attendance is not mandatory but you should go as often as possible. He puts the powerpoints online but they are basically useless without notes to accompany them. Tests are extremely hard. What an awful experience...
Do not take Designing the City (honors colloquium) if you do not have an interest in urban design. The class description makes the class sound interesting, but you sit in the dark while Rees talks over a PPT and you have no idea what parts of his lecture are important. Very easy to get distracted in this class, but he's a nice guy.
The lectures could get boring and the text was useless. Rees uses a point system that brings your average down very quickly.
I wish I could tell you what I learned in this class, but I can't... For a 100 Level class, the work was ridiculous
are you kidding me? I'm a B student who failed his two test. VERY difficult MC tests. Map Quiz every week which are a waste of time. CLASS IS TERRIBLE.
Classes are totally deadly, test format is extremely hard, can not bs!
Nice guy, class can be boring. Too much info to know which makes tests hard
Ok, the problem is the tests, (which there are 3 of) they are designed to trick.
*oh god* had to drop to pass fail and still might fail!
Those who rated him highly are geog majors. Loves to hear his own voice.
Your grade is based on 3 harshly graded exams - messing up just one section can drop your overall grade. Lecture is boring and everything you learn (which isn't much) is outdated or pointless. Nice guy, but GV needs to change up this course because its pretty miserable
This dude's lectures should be uploaded to a channel on youtube that helps people fall asleep. Not helpful in the slightest, learned the entire class on my own online. Be ready for a completely unrelated answer when you ask a question, be ready for him to mess up his own queries so bad he has to restart his computer, I could go on but no space.
For a CIS major, this class is unavoidable, and he is the only person teaching it, so as of now at least, everyone in CIS will take this class with this prof. The class is entirely based on how well you do on 3 exams. The exams are long, hard, and he is not afraid to give you a grade lower than 30% if you don't study.
His lectures are a pain to sit through, he talks slow and mumbles a lot. The class is graded by a few things, the majority of it is the 3 exams. He is a very nice person, but I didn't enjoy the class...
He LOVES to repeat himself time and time again. The first 6 weeks were redundant. Its a little hard to understand his lecturing due to accent. Lots of times people would be yelled at after asking questions. I would NEVER take him again. If you missed class or are late YOU WILL be called out for it. Group project is worked on through term.
Very boring class. He lectures you on code which is the worst way to teach it. I learned more from the like 5 homework assignments than all of his lectures. If your can avoid this class i would
Professor was never available during his posted office hours, gave no partial credit, and was somewhat short with students when asked for help or explanation. Avoid if possible, Posada is much better.
The homework is sometimes overly long. I only used the MS Access book.
Language barrier prevents understanding on testing materials and project requirements.
He piles on mandatory work that you don't turn in. He'd rather argue than help
he helps if u pester him, do his chapt exercises, they'll show up on the tests
Not very helpful,
Easy, yes... but dont expect to learn anything
Gets very defensive when questioned.
A few weeks in and I'm at 100%, and as long as I complete all assignments/discussions I expect to get 100%. The course load is super heavy though. This week I have 20+ pages to read plus discussion questions on it, an additional 1 page writing assignment, and a 6 page rough draft for our first major paper. Feels like 2 classes of work in one.
Professor Shannon is a nice lady but she doesn't seem to have a clear understanding of what she's teaching. There's no structure to the class, she takes forever to grade assignments, and her instructions are usually really unclear. If you're looking for an easy grade, take this class... but you'll also feel brain dead by the end of the semester.
Professor Shannon doesnt know what shes doing. Shes timid, doesnt grade things for weeks if at all and isnt clear about whats due, when. She isnt clear when she gives instructions on how to do assignments and doesnt clarify when you ask. She doesnt know how bb works and care more about seeming hip than actually doing her job. DO NOT TAKE
I have nightmares of rolling backpacks because of her. Grading is very unclear. You do not need many materials in this class. Share a book with someone during class and use the reference book in the english lab. Only 4 papers, but you're expected to work on them. Use the english lab.
I found Beverly Shannon frustrating at times. Throughout the semester she was vague about her expectations. For anyone taking EN 100, prepare to go to the labs after every writing project throughout the semester. I also find that she doesn't use her time in class very efficiently. She often went off on a rant that had nothing to do with the topic.
Your entire grade in her class is 100 points. Total. Each class you miss she deducts 5 points of your grade REGARDLESS of circumstance. If you take this class, my best advice is don't miss it. It's pointless at times because she just puts you into groups and if you got decent people you just talk for the rest of the class. Don't take it.
Prof Shannon is a nice enough person but doesn't take charge of her classroom in any way. I leave many days wondering why I was there. Often doesn't know the answers to questions regarding MLA format, etc. Allows students to talk over and around her. I feel she is unclear with assignments. She doesn't seem to understand Blackboard very well.
Shes a decent proffesor just not good enough for me and i think she talks to fast and doesnt explain enough for me. Shes funny tho
Don't take english 100 with her. She isn't a good teacher at all. half the time she doesn't know what she is teaching she is so inconsistent she uses blackboard for everything but grades and she is a hard grader on papers.
Mrs. Shannon is pretty much Oprah Winfrey. She's nice and will help you if you ask for it. She isn't very clear on what she wants, very loopy, kind of boring. The textbook isn't worth it. Sharing it with a friend or looking over someone's is good. A lot of your days with her will kind of feel pointless at the end. Uses a lot of filler.
AH, shes crazy
She is pretty much useless. Doesn't teach anything. We sit there and do NOTHING all day..everyday. She isn't bright at all and has NO common sense! What a waste of our time and money!!!
Her class is boring. She really doesn't teach in her class. This one class period all we did was we had a debate about something dumb and thats all we did that day.
Really laid back, almost a push over, but very nice.
Way too easy of a class. I was so bored! Didn't do anything the whole semester. We spent multiple classes just sitting and 'correcting' other's papers. Don't take her!
Course is easy but Mrs. Shannon is not a clear with papers. Also has a propensity for losing things.
He expects you to be able to write like a journalist for the GR Press, not my thing.
sets double standards
Steiney didn't remember many of the students names....even at the end of the course. Other than that, he's okay-not good at making math interesting. The computer-mediated learning model really bites, don't do it!!!
I took the class in the summer and its hard enough trying to learn the material that fast, but he doesn't really explain it very well. He not very clear - even if you ask him questions he has a hard time explaining this himself. Sometimes I wondered if he totally undstood it. I would not take this teacher again (unless it was out to the parking lot
don't take it at 6am, it's not conducive to mathematics.
Very disconnected from students
Doesn't relate to students well, condescending.
Either his way or it's wrong/ unfair/ assumes you know everything already
tough class no matter who you have. He only uses the calulator, nothing by hand which is cool. u dont have to show your work, just the answer. I'm good at math so it was faitly easy for me. He doesn't explain much, just gives u the answer. He basically puts the quiz and test examples before the test which is really helpful.
It isn't the teacher that sucks, the course is difficult. I will say that he doesn't always completely clarify some things he teaches, but if I spend 5 minutes in the Math Lab it is all explained. He really isn't that bad.
I would highly recommend not to take this class. He is a very hard teacher to understand and gives the attitude that he simply does not care, unfortunately. Relies heavily on the calculator and gives interesting "home brew" problems. I have spent most of the semester in the math lab, and they do a better job of breaking it down for me.
Yeah, not so great
If you're interested in math, then go ahead. If not, then I wouldn't recommend him. He's a nice guy but is a little hard to understand and moves through the material pretty quickly. Make sure you follow along. He relies HEAVILY upon the TI calculator. His tests/quizzes are only graded by the final answer. Thankfully, he grades on a curve though.
i took the class for half of the last winter semester, hoping eventually i'd understand. How wrong I was. I ended up withdrawaling because nothing was ever clear... and if you don't like using calculators for everything... you're screwed.
he can not teach at all! and he speeds through everything, not giving you chace to figure out what he's doing. if your just trying to get through math..don't take him
If math comes easy to you, go ahead. If you are the type who can't discover and learn on your own, find someone else. He's a good guy, just hard to follow and doesn't always explain things as much as is needed.
Learn the calculator!! Also study hard b/c he gives no partial credit and grades kinda harsh!
Tries to help, but doesn't really. Very hard grader and very hard tests. Doesn't check homework, but gives alot of quizzes.
She means well.. but is ALL over the place. Her lectures aren't very organized. She didn't show up to class sometimes and half the time walked in up to 20 minutes late. Getting a good grade wasn't too hard but I felt like I didn't get much out of the class and it was a waste of money. I wouldn't really recommend it.
Frustrating to talk to. Unkind, rude, and unempathetic to new frosh.
HORRIBLE TEACHER
Class is very boring but it is easy if you can pay attention
Not alot of homework, but he doesn't explain it too well
Guy can't explain stuff well
I hada very hard time getting help from him
Cregger is a hit or miss. He's a decent individual, but you will spend hours upon hours doing meaningless labs. Few labs are actually worth doing. I honestly didnt learn from him in this class. I taught myself more than he taught me anything for the whole semester. Also he doesn't read your emails if you don't follow his "email etiquette".
Mr. Cregger is a good guy, but not the best for an I.T class. Has weekly quizzes that unless you can memorize small details from the chapter or past I.T experience your not going to do well. The exams seem to come from the book manufacturer and notes for the exams are useless. Be aware of the labs only get about an hour of lab time for 4 hour labs.
This CPS 100 class taught by Cregger was very easy, but very unorganized. Class is mandatory because of the clicker system but DO NOT wait till the last minute to do the grader projects.. He will help you with extra credit, and there is no final :)
looks robbin williams with gray hair. has some amusing jokes. need to go to class for random easy quizes but the lab is ridiculously stupid and he doesn't help you in the lab.
Norm knows what hes talking about but doesnt really teach from the text book... alot of movies and inclass discussions that are useless on the tests. Lectures are aweful especially if you do not like technology. Make sure you go to lab and do MYITLAB and you should be fine.
Yep. I liked Norm prior to this class but have since lost most of my respect for the guy. Doesn't teach a damn thing. Get ready to drop a lot of money to teach yourself everything.
I had him for Essential Business Skills I got C's on all four exams and my final grade was a B as long as you go to class and do what he says you'll be fine
Very Boreing class but you need to go because he does to "class quizes" do TAIT in lab and Study the study guide before a test and u will get a good grade
All in all, CPS 100 with Norm Kregger is a very easy class, but let's face it, the guy is boring beyond belief. Granted he's very smart and knows what he's talking about, but he's a big nerd who treats everyone as if they are as smart as him. Most of the quizzes are based on attendance and unannounced, so you have to show up. But bring a pillow!
He is a bore. He uses computer lingo as if everybody understands what a giga bite watcha mucall it is. You can tell he knows a lot about computers and he's basically a big nerd who has the misconception that anybody gives a damn. His jokes are irrataing sometimes as well.
If you are looking to learn a lot from this class, i hope you can teach yourself. Norm is a great guy but a lazy teacher. Labs are terrible.
This man needs to learn how to teach I came into this class hoping for a great learning exp All I have gotten is a waste of my time He expects you to teach yourself EVERYTHING You will learn nothing from Norm Cregger Never lectures and never seems to be around to help out in the lab. Its a real sham
You go to the lab and he leaves.
Tests are hard. Most are failing. Studying given material doesn't help, read the book.
This man has no idea what he's doing. I crossed the street without looking on my way to his class because I didn't want to make it there.
Kevin does not use PowerPoints or any type of in class notes you can look off of. Basically sleep with the textbook under your pillow for the semester because you basically have to memorize every inch of it. He gives no homework or classwork, so your grade is dependent on only exams. Hes also obsessed with plants so get ready.
never take wolbach for lab! he'll keep you in lab for the full three hours, and give you a terrible grade no matter how sufficient your work is. other lab instructors are less demanding and with them you'll easily receive an A+ just for showing up. AVOID WOLBACH FOR LAB.
Wolbach is hard. his tests are hard. but any advice i can give is make sure you study the online quizzes and the chapter quizes! he uses alot of his test questions from those!!
Tough tests.. you can study for weeks in advance, and still manage to get between a 60-70. I wouldn't recommend taking him.
hes a nice guy but has extremely hard tests. spring 07 class avg on most test flirted with between 60 - 70
rick moranis i love it!!!!!!!!!!!
Worst teacher ever. He often ridicules his students, and calls them out for the littlest mistakes in front of the whole class. He refused to help me, when I joined the class late and was behind, just told me "good luck, you're going to need it" He also tells everyone's test grades out loud, no matter what you got. He's pure evil.
It's hard to really pay attention in his class. He gets off topic quite a bit. He lectures... and lectures. It's hard to follow along. If you take his class MAKE SURE YOU GO TO SI!
He is very narrowminded, likes to put down people that don't think like he does, but he complains about people that don't think like others. I can't stand to listen to him because he makes me so mad. His class is boring and his tests are stupid.
He doesnt like a single group of people, complains all the time about things. Goes off all the time about religous things. Says some good quotes, makes it easy to get a nap in class. Not a bad guy but not the greatest prof.
Not very clear.
I cannot understand why the least worthy of the professors get the highest of scores... I cannot understand how these other guys have a good opinion about this weirdo either. He's very narrow minded and his eduactional skills are very limited.
Very knowledgeable professor but his travel is dated . Judgemental
very well read and traveled man--hilarious too
he talks about nothing for the first 20 some min of class
The concepts presented are not difficult. Most of the class is "active learning" rather than lecture. My impression: some instruction necessary for understanding and completion of homework assignments was intentionally withheld. That was frustrating. Most of the assigned reading not discussed or tested. Exams are essay and problem-solving.
He is a terrible teacher and his class was the worst class I have taken at Grand Valley next to Levenburg. Don't take his class!
i hated this class.. hard to understand.. goes too fast..
SAP quizzes aren't bad if you practice a lot before, homework also isn't bad if you follow along. However, there are two exams that average at 70-75%. I don't understand profs who are okay with that low of an average. Reading quizzes are hard even if you take notes, so read over it multiple times. Overall I suggest taking a different prof.
i would take this with McGinnis, i heard he was better and i believe it. his exams had multiple answer questions which had a weird grading scale, and it can really screw your grade up, because of all the snow days we didnt finish the book and im glad because chapter 9 seemed difficult and we had to skip it,
Very boring. Your in the computer lab so you will surf the web the whole class. The subjects aren't too hard and if you have a good group, you will get a good grade. Try someone else but he isn't the worst teacher to have ever. You can easily get a b with minimum effort
Pretty easy class. Professor isn't that hard to understand. He makes things easy for you to learn and gives you what you need to know, not pointless material. The group projects are the worst part of the class. They are time consuming and completely pointless. Pick your group members wisely!!!
easy class, lectures suck so bad, but you got a lot of class time to do the projects. projects are repetetive but pretty easy. study the answers from the quizzes for the exams
Plenty of time in class tom complete assignments. All tests are online, and can be taken multiple times. During lecture just surf the web. And he is willing to help...sometimes
This class is very boring, and doesn't require you to pay attention at all. The midterm was easy, but the final was difficult. Quizzes are easy...you can retake them as many times as you want.
Doesn't give enough time for assignments. Assignments have NOTHING to do with class material. Tests and quizes are extremely easy though.
the MOST boring and redundant class ever taught. Find a way to test out or go around this course!!!!!!!!!
Nice, but lack clarity
Worst class ever! Hard to pay attention, very boring.
Hard to understand and puts you to sleep, but very basic knowledge.
Very boring and hard to understand...Don't take if you don't have to!!
I don't get what the big deal is about this guy. He's not funny at all like some people say and he just goes on and on in his lectures w/o stopping. If you want an A, you have to take amazing notes every class and have to read the book chapters and do well on assignments and the tests (which are really hard). Harder than what it's supposed to be.
His class is fun, but he makes his tests pretty difficult. Sometimes I think he makes it too fun and that ends up distracting from the material. His tests progressively get harder throughout the semester also. The first test was just easy background information and the final was over about 16 disorders along with their treatment and dx criteria
He has been teaching for ages, but everyone loves him. I have never heard a bad word about him. He cracks me up when you come back from break and he thinks you will sing something poorly. He bites his knuckle and when you sing correctly he loosens back up.
hes not very nice when u mess up, doesnt offer much help
Class is difficult if you arent a vocal major. He can be pretty awkward, mean, and cocky. Doesnt offer much practice and assumes you'll be able to do a lot of the content before you start the class. Hard for females with a limited singing range.
sucks if you are not a guy. sight singing is very easy, interval identification will kill you. class is optional - go to sign up for quizzes. also going to quizzes is good.
Very creepy towards students, but very intellegent... Knows his stuff...
He makes you feel like an idiot
really weird but mostly fair
do not take this class. yes it's an easy A but at the same time one of the worst classes i've taken at UD by being so far beyond boring i wanted to cry. if you do take it don't bother buying a single book and definitely bring your computer for entertainment. you'll need it.
Class lectures some of the most boring I've ever had to sit through; she emails you most of the powerpoints, so attendance is only mandatory for attendance points; she GIVES you the exam content on the study guides, so go to optional review sessions; she's very passionate about content area, speeds through lectures & doesn't check for comprehension
She's sweet but VERY ditzy and very unclear. Not reading, but going to class can easily get you around a low A/B. Time management is important on her tests, you won't have enough time to write as much as you'd want, so shorten it and make it what she wants to read.
The class was horrible! Dr. Marks is a very intelligent woman, but the way she lectured was horrbily unclear. In order to know the answers to her essay questions ready was cruical. Definetly not my favorite class OR professor at UD.
While the lectures I did attend were somewhat enjoyable, I found that neither the lectures or the readings were neccesary. I attended class twice in the last three weeks, and came away from the course with a high grade. Study guides are absolutely crucial to passing the tests. Nice woman.
Lame-O
Crazy easy class. Two quizzes and a sorta test. Was a small class so we chatted often. She was flighty and boring. Not much communication as to what she wanted. Tried to meet with her but was unproductive. Received the only B I ever got. Aced all the assignments and tests. Spoke with her and she acted as surprised as i was. Nope
The syllabus was very unclear as to dates for required work to be turned in. It was a web course so all communication was via e-mail and to be very honest he was quite insulting in his sarcastic replies to repeated requests for the deadline dates. As a result of this class my gpa dipped below 3.0!
When I asked questions about a Midterm paper we had to write, he barely helped me at all, and mainly just commented on how six pages wasn't long that I should be able to come up with enough. He was no help with topics and he takes forever to answer emails!At a school where the laptops are the main thing, you would think he would check his mail more
Dr. Spady seems to really like the subject he teaches and many do like him but I agree that he is as dull as driftwood and by the end of each class my brain was fried from info overload. Maybe its because I'm not into to sociology but I think its safe to say that I won't take a sociology class or Dr. Spady for a class for the rest of my time here.
He talks very loud and can be very rude to students. He's a decent prof, but DO NOT talk in class or he will make you look stupid.
could NOT stand him. his teaching style was unhelpful, monotonous, tiring. i don't know if urban sociology is offered again, but it was incredibly dull. the only plus was that, by the points, i failed the class, but i ended up with a passing "c&qu
His stories were fairly entertaining, and watching Reefer Madness was pretty fun...However, the tests were kind of tricky, and the guy has an anger problem-he had the habit of randomly flipping out at students for trivial matters.
i thought he was a jerk and full of himself. he never considered others opinions and thought he was funny although he was not.
i actually finished the class. if you want an A in this class youre going to have to work harder than you have ever worked before. she grades really hard but if you show an strong effort (talk to her a lot about paper) then you can squeeze by with a B.
yee
too energetic, mad, kind of bitter and unclear
You know that crazy guy in the movie braveheart (owns ireland) The same guy.
Very science oriented... Lots of chemical/drug names to memorize. Very hard tests.. Just 30 mulch choice but nearly impossible content.. The way he grades though, a 70 on a test is like a B+ so whatever. I pulled off an 89 so if I can do it, you can deff do it.
Very big class so talking to the professor is very difficult to do...everything is done through the TAs
An incredibly frustrating class. Don't waste your time reading the textbook, all exams are based upon random asides Palfai decides to share during lectures. Do not miss any, because he will ask specific questions about obscure, boring videos from twenty years ago that cannot be found online. I am not impressed with this prof or class. Avoid it.
Exams are difficult
Don't take this class if you need to get a good GPA (I.E. for transferring into Newhouse). The tests are impossible, but most of the other work is easy. The tests can kill your grade though. Seriously, they are so hard. Don't take this unless required.
Don't let people fool you- this class is not hard. He curves big time and there's plenty of bonus points. Pailfai is the man, hilarious and amusing. He is hard to understand sometimes and his slides lack clarity but read the book and you'll be fine. I really recommend this class to psych lovers!
Your grade turns out pretty good i took him for 205/315 and I enjoyed the topics but he is very firm on his policies so don't mess around but as far as the topics a lot of fun in 315 tons of fun facts! Tests are hard in this class!!!!
Teaches well, but powerpoints are very unclear. Difficult to go back and study from them. I suggest printing out the slides and then taking notes on what he says beyond the notes.
no comment.
i dont doubt that the man knows what hes talking about he just doesnt express it well and then yells at us when we do badly and yells at us when we do well...you cant win with him
Expects way to much from students. Hard to understand. Avoid him if you can.
Good
Hes really awkward. He tries his best to teach but hes not confident at all. Above all, he doesnt explain any of the concepts well, so get ready to teach yourself. The math center isnt any help and only one tutor was available. He grades everything as quizzes and you have 3 main tests. Would not recommend. Try to take the class w another prof.
The lectures are extremely boring, maybe because I already new the material but also because he never made anyone participate and half of the time was him staring at the class waiting for someone to answer. He grades the homework really tough which sucks. Homework should be practice since it is new material, it really brings your grade down.
Professor Gross mumbles and is hard to understand. I did all the work and ended up getting an A. It's easy if you're decent at Math. I ended up teaching myself half the work. If you get a tutor you can end the class with an A if you put in a little effort.
He was a terrible teacher. I even got a tutor for this class. I felt that I didn't really learn anything. It's like he expects you to know the material before he teaches it. I don't recommend him
This prof wasn't overly difficult or easy. He's really socially awkward and doesn't know how to communicate. His class is incredibly boring, but he's a really nice guy. If you go to class and work through the homework, you'll be fine.
I can not stand him as a teacher. He is really bad at explaining things and I have to force myself to go to class. Then he does such a bad job at explaining things I always want to fall asleep. He is nice but does not know how to communicate. Also his exams are long and he is no very into partial credit.
Gross is the worst teacher I have ever had! He doesn't explain anything he goes through and he does these power stances that make him think he is superior to everyone. He acts like everyone already knows what he is talking about. His tests are also really long! Be prepared to stay there over an hour!
I'm still on the fence about this professor. He is genuinely a good guy and will help you when you need it but when he gets in front of the class it's hard to understand what he is trying to teach. He teaches like he assumes you already know what he is talking about. Other then that, make sure to do all of the homework. It helps a great deal.
He's not a very good professor. If you're good at math and don't mind teaching yourself, then take this class. He's kind of an awkward guy, and he teaches everything really fast without explaining things very well. He'll sort of give you help if you ask though (limited help). The problem is that he's not very good at explaining things.
Boring class, but it is math. Prof did a great job answering any questions and spending as much time needed on something before moving on. Laid back but quiet. I absolutely dread math and hadn't taken math in ten years. Managed to pull a B+ in class. If you miss a lot, you will miss points for in class assignments and quizzes. Drops several grades.
My math is not very strong but Im not bad at it. If you are like me dont take his class. Its ok at times but he doesnt explain very well and its really annoying.
Not a good professor to have if you are not good at math. He is very knowledgable about the subject and knows it shows. But, he has a very poor way of teaching it. He likes to give pop quizzes, pay attention to him the days before class because he usually tells you. He doesn't seem to care if you pass or fail. Its better to show up for this class.
Not a good teacher. He makes the class very boring, and he seems really uncomfortable teaching. He is a nice guy, just a bad teacher (Tests are easy though.
Evan is alright. You can bearly hear him! He is very shy at first but eventually he will warm up to the class. He is not very good at explaining things. If you are bad at math his class will be challenging, but he is very nice. He gives home work every weekend so don't forget.
He flat out told us that if you get a 100% on a test, you're in the wrong class. 10 people in just my class failed the first class. People dropped the class like hotcakes. I was one of them... Instead of 122, I'm taking CS 160 next semester. My hate of math has returned.
Prof. Gross has a hard time projecting to his classes and giving off the impression that he knows what he's talking about. His uneasiness becomes distracting and it's almost impossible to concentrate. Every class is extremely boring. Only good thing is that he drops most of your worst grades.
He is so weird! Very fidgety. He should not be a professor. His class is sooooooooo boring. He's not really helpful when it comes to explaining information.
Um..run away!..he is very unapproachable, when i came to talk to him in his office he seemed annoyed that i even came!!..i swear something is wrong with him..he's always fidgeting and shaking..makes me get distracted..he never knows what he's doing in class!! dont take him!
evan was a horible teacher. i am suprised he even graduated from high school. he must of went to schoolcraft
Honestly my high school math teachers were better, i don't understand you ppl! He explains things WAY too much and simply confuses you, if i didn't already know the material i would be in a lot of trouble!
His classes are really boring and he acts like he is on speed or something. He doesn't explain things very well but expects you to know how to do it. DO NOT take this Professor if you are not that great at Math.
good person, bad math teacher. He doesnt think clearly while teaching and skips steps constantly. very unclear and boring.
Makes you look like a fool if you don't understand. Boring class.
don't count on him to teach you algebra, have already taken it and attend class
very confusing, things he teaches in class has nothing to do with homework.
very boring, loves calc. too much
Very monotone, boring, doesn't make it interesting at all. Would not recommend
She wasn't very clear about some instructions for certain assignments. She didn't like to end class with time remaining, if we finished fifteen minutes early, she would look for extra stuff to do instead of letting us go. Her grading was a little harsh and she strictly enforces her attendance policy.
She lacks common sense, she's an absolute airhead, and as anal as they come. Do it her way, or...well, do it her way. There is no other way, at least she thinks so. Class was easy enough, but absolute hell to sit through.
Yeah she sucks.
She can be helpful at times and most of the time her tone is very rude. Schedule doesn't correspond with the syllabus.
Christian will drive you up the wall. His lectures are rambling sessions with random nuggets of gold tucked into them, so listen as much as you can. Never tells you exactly what you did right/wrong unless you approach him. The material is incredibly useful, so take exellent notes. Food-related websites usually do well :)
Jane is someone aware of how much she can talk. She seems like a genuinely nice person but that doesn't mean it transfers over to her job well. She teaches like an elementary school teacher but moves at the pace of a college professor.There were many times throughout the class where I felt loss because of this phenomenon. Do not recommend.
Jane is great in a grandmotherly way. She will help but she often is confused or puzzled by students questions. If you want an easy A, take this class. But if you would like to actually learn something try taking it with someone else. I know Keith doesn't teach this course, but boy do I wish he did.
Jane is truly a nice person, but not the best professor. She comes off as caring but then hammers you when it comes to grading. I had her for Intro to Graphic Communication and she seems to forget it's an intro class. For our final project she thought she could teach the whole class Dreamweaver in two weeks. Take her only in you know Adobe.
While Jane is really friendly, and more than happy to help you out if you get stuck, I don't feel like I've learned anything in her Intro to Graphic Communications course.
The projects were way too easy and could be done in 1 hour before they were due. The lectures were long and not needed. Alot of the class time is spent with her troubleshooting students problems on the projector. If you care about your GPA take her. If you care about what you learn, try to get Keith.
He is very smart, or at least he sounds like it. however, he is a horrible teacher. very high on his horse and will make you feel like an idiot when you ask him a question. very boring and has a very big ego. probably thinks he's god's gift to art.
I might not be the best to rate him, since I dropped out of his class part way through the semester. However, for the short time I was there he was boring and not very helpful if you have questions/issues. If you have a choice, I would take someone else.
This guy is one of the worst teachers. He is very full of himself and plays with his water bottle while he lectures. Doesn't respone to emails and can never remember your name. Bad teachers should be fired! He is one of them.
Projects are hard and boring. Nothing creative about it. If you can take it with another prof do it! His lectures put you to sleep. Grades hard.
If you attend class and pay attention you will do fine. Bill is a difficult teacher, but you will learn a lot from him. Give him a chance.
This man has poor time management skills. He talks FOREVER through class and then you have very little time to get your projects finished, and he expects you to be in the studio some 6+ hours outside of class time to work on your projects. Grades hard because you obviously aren't as good as him but lets you turn in projects at the end of semester
With all his classes, he is intelligent, but rambles too much about nothing.
took it 2x. D+ and C attended every class. studied book, took notes, recorded lectures. class average D. says something when the whole class is struggling. 2nd x taking it my Ojibwa friend in class said he doesn't really know a lot about what he teaches. has a brief knowledge but thats it. WOULD NOT RECCOMMEND when he doesnt know he makes it up
Class is super difficult and not too interesting. Both the book and the professor were wordy and confusing. He expects you to know and retain every bit of information you heard or read. The tests are super hard and focus on details that you cannot even remember. If possible,I would avoid this class.
Hard class, study from the first day, boring lectures, get ready for names, dates, relationships, etc. I learned stuff but man I did bad on the tests.
ARG! I can't take it anymore! Hours of studying and not missing a single class and still it is impossible to succeed in this class! AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE. There is no stopping this teacher! He is impossible! He's the BEAST!
This class was by far the hardest class I have ever had to take in my life; try taking notes for a years worth of class in 15 weeks. HOWEVER, if you are one of the top 2%, you will get an A. If not, good luck passing the class.
I like him as a person, not as my professor. He is verry difficult to follow in lecture, especially if your not a philosophy major. He crams in so much material that you can barley finish writing one thought down before he moves to the next 20. I am a 4.0 student and am barley passing his class.
Watch out. This semester we've spent over three hours in class arguing with him about his teaching methods. This was time we could have been using to take notes on hundreds of facts that probably won't be on the next test, but we'll have to study anyway. Only clear on why he thinks he's right.
He is so stuck up! Treats everyone like they are art majors. Tests are based on mundane details, not the big picture. Do the reading, know the reading, to be safe, just MEMORIZE the reading! Take Knox's class instead if you get the chance.
His lectures are so full of information, it's very hard to figure out what he wants you to know!!!....REALLY wants you to know dates!!!
Knows his stuff, but has no idea how to pass it on to his students. Lectures in a confusing way and if you ask him a question, he'll confuse you even more. Ask for help and he'll tell you to study more
Loses his students and loses himself too. Seems to know about his subject a bit but tedious and little details are what he focuses on.
I've had an INCREDIBLY difficult time in his classes to which his advice was merely study more . He gives incredibly specific test questions over a tremendous range of material. Take his courses at your own risk.
Heard lots of bad things about this professor -- and they were all right. Stopped class several times to tell everyone how they lost their compassion and humanity somehow before college. Gave tests back by grade so everyone knew who failed. Was rude and unhelpful when asked questions. Worst class and professor I've had in three years of school.
If you go to every class you will do great but he accent is very strong! When you ask her to explain something she says "You just know". Be prepares for a hard class.
This is by far the worst prof I've ever had. She wasn't helpful, didn't understand why anyone had questions, and refused to answer them, sometimes by cutting you off and saying "We move on now!" She uses different equations/symbols then the book, so pick one and use them. Show up for class. She will change quiz dates.
I have had this teacher for 4 classes and she is the worst teacher in the world. If i didn't have to take her i wouldn't. She doesn't speak clear and her tests are as unclear as her english. Never Take her!
Very difficult to understand, but she does write notes on the overhead as well. That helped a lot. She also gives review questions for each exam. These are put on the overhead and are pre-typed. For the most part her exams follow these, but not always. Also she does offer extra credit which really helped me!
I'm a very good sociology student, and this class sucked. She is friendly enough, but she isnt very helpful. Her class lecture usually have little to do with the tests, she is difficult to understand at times, and she is stubborn. I can remember 3 seperate instances where answeres on her quizes were incorrect. My gpa = 3.7 My grade in S0 208 = C+
okay class, but se tends to touch you when she feels you are doing something wrong, which is a little unnerving.
Good for napping. She doesn't speak English very well. Tests are DIRECTLY from the book. Makes a semi-interesting subject very BORING.
At times hard to understand, and the notes don't make sense if you aren't paying attention. But, if you keep up with the reading, the answer the review questions she gives you, you should do pretty good on the exams.
Nice lady but boring as hell. I don't find Sociology interesting at all and she doesn't help. But she does go straight from the book which is sometimes helpful on the tests. I should have skipped class more.
Terrible class, Skip it
Very difficult to understand, her english is Rough! Read the book, skip class!
I have to say I am not thrilled with this class. It's the final geo course for my degree and I was really looking forward to it until it started. The teacher always seems unprepared, and the discussion topics are boring. I just want it to be over!!
Would not recommend this prof. Don't expect to get your grades or your questions answered anytime soon.
This professor really has an understanding of his subject. That being said he doesn't seem to care about teaching it to us! He's boring, tells bad stories and doesn't answer questions fully. And it takes forever to get grades back.
Lecture's are long and she often doesn't reference painting she is analysing, often does not proceed in a coherent way, quite messy
HORRIBLE class. Once a week class was based entirely on textbook "summaries" conducted by students. I never read the books--never had to! There is a final paper and project (during research I DID finally learn something), but besides this a dud of a class. Don't take, you'll kill yourself. Not at all what I would expect out of a 400 level ArtHclass
A New York elitist who likes to read glossy books on art over glasses of wine. Half the textbook reproductions where in black and white, and the text itself was vapid (making it a good supplement to her lectures which where just as hollow)
hilarious guy, a mix between Albert Einstein and Woody Allen but he's too smart for his own good. Can't communicate the concepts well and pretty much just mumbles into the board the whole time. When he does turn around though, his stories are pretty amazing. Tests are difficult, teach yourself from the book.
all he teaches are 'tricks'. subjective grader. make him commit to specific appointment times or he'll stand you up, even the day before a test.
confusing!!!!! but if you decipher his mathematical talk, he is easy
Hysterical! I never wanted to miss a lecture just to see what he would do!
Talks to the board, only thing I've learned is the German for owl -- Eul.
pretty confusing but you'll get a good grade anyway
Very easy to get him off track. Also easy to get a grade changed.
Class is very boring! There is no need to go to class because he doesn't explain anything. It is apparent that he doesn't read the homework, just hand in a piece of paper with your name and some writing on it and you will get full credit for the work.
Hated class, hated grade, hated his teaching, but made it! Now I need a drink
Nice person, horrible professor. And I mean horrible. seriously.
God help me, I have to take this class again. Don't cover what is on the tests.
Well intentioned,
Very hard class. he's nice but not a good prof. boring.
Uhmmm yeah 65% and thats a C+ you do the math
Too much homework. Seemed to forget that this is a BEGINNING accounting class.
NOPE if you can stay away i would! it seems likes he picks and choices what he wants to grade so it feels like you can never do anything right in the class very strict about attendance the textbook you need is like $60 can sometimes have a attitude with students just overall not the best, it feels like even he doesnt know his own lessons sometimes
Class will be very difficult if you don't already have a decent amount of experience with Spanish. He calls you out if you don't know the answer to something and will OFTEN call on students randomly (def not the class for you if you have social anxiety). LOTS of homework questions every night. "Repetition is key" type of approach in his teaching
He is confused and confuses everyone in class too. very inconsistent.
Knows his stuff, but has a hard time clearly teaching it. He sometimes expects you to know more than you do and in not really very helpful. Go to class and do your work and you should be able to pull off a decent grade.
This guy doesn't even know how to do the homework he assigns most of the time. The class is fairly easy but I think he likes to make it hard though the projects he gives out. Not very helpful and pretty unclear at times.
I'll break down every class for you. First twenty mintues- He will ask for what's happening in the news and he will ramble on about it for a while. Then for the rest of the class he will start reading the book aloud, every twenty seconds he will stop and say the book is wrong. He deliberately picks books he disagrees with which makes studying hard
He doesn't follow the book and he drags on the lectures beyond what he needs to. Exams are extremely hard because you have to remember everything he says, not what the book says. Very hard class.
This is a hard class because he wouldn't follow the book.
Not a bad guy, pushes conservative views horribly in your face. Encourages almost verbal arguments between the conservative and more liberal students in the class usually siding with the conservatives (unfortunately). Good prof. overall though if you like having Bill Orielly as a teacher.
he pushes conservative propaghanda down your throat, his class is a waste of time, not a bad guy, but very wrapped up in his ego.
dosnt go over book info in class which is kinda frustrating. classes consist of the political students arguing. ok guy though. approachable.
Very easy easy easy class. I never attend anymore, and I get A's. But he's not much of a teacher. Don't expect to actually learn anything. I only take him when I want a GPA boost.
If you want to learn anything, dont take this class! It's great for entertainment value, but dont talk unless you are prepared to be yelled at so he can spark class discussion. Very possibly the craziest prof I have ever had.
hey, it's political science, who could even stay awake?
Ellen is a great Prof! She is very nice and willing to help. She is also the Director of the Writing Center on campus, so utilize that as a resource. As a side note, whoever put in the ENG dept. on this site messed it up. Ellen is a WRITING prof.
I really liked that his lecture was available as a podcast and bruincast. The lectures were kind of dry so it allowed me to listen to them in the car and whatnot.
hard teacher and can be rude at times so watch out
no need to even go to class..half of the stuff she talks about is not on the test (so don't bother taking notes)...she talks mostly about her personal issues..however, she does make bio interesting..Don't take this class unless you have taken general bio
if you are a bio major, taken AP bio, or have taken general bio, TAKE THIS CLASS, it will be SO EASY for you. if you're not a bio person, DONT take it.
Don't even bother going to lectures. They have nothing to do with the class. They are more about the professor's life.
easy class, never went and got an A. funny stories, but not worth waking up at 8.10 for
she is very boring and looks like the principal from kindergarten cop. she can be funny when she is trying to make people look stupid... but other than that she is hell
Must read the books/take notes. Do that and you're fine. Told me if i passed final two exams with an A and B, she'd drop my failing test score before that. Once accomplishing my end of our agreement, she denied dropping my grade and acted as if there were issues connecting the online gradebook, which Kept me at C+ rather than B.
Average (boring) teacher. Godawful person. Treats people poorly.
If you want your soul sucked out of you, this is the class to take. Classes seem to be about her (what is good for herself) rather than about teaching, and especially helping, students. My mother died the day before a test. I brought proof in that she died and my absence was legitimate. She failed me, anyway, because mine was a "personal problem."
Wish I had the semester back again. Teaching style is average, but she is horrible to students. She has no compassion for students struggling with real, serious issues.
She should remain in the adminstration and not the teaching end of the academic spectrum. Very difficult at times to understand her rhetoric. A nigtmare prof-AVOID.
She did you questions to answer that she dont even know the answer to.
This Professor clearly cares abou her research. Very dry. Not approachable. get very annoyed if student does not catch on quickly enough for her.
Can talk but she can''t teach. She has her favorites and then the rest be damned. She''s harsh with people. She laces into students for making simple mistakes like missing a work study period or a class because they couldn''t find the building was the first week of class. There is no compassion there only control of others around her.
Cold and self-involved. Knows her material, but her delivery is very dry. She does nothing to involve students in her class. Poor teacher.
Tough teacher and very dry, makes kids looks like idiots if they don't understand something
boring ass class
I never met such a rude, condescending professor. I went to her during the semester to discuss a personal problem I was having with her class and as God is my witness she said "I don't have to help you". I even considered action with the dean. Stay away from her, she has a serious attitude problem
The powerpoints were snoozers. She relies on them to much. She also cares way to much about statistics but does not explain them very well. She seems to like failing people.
Not very helpful or useful class...she does not seem "into" the teaching
hard as hell, tests were too specific to stats and she was not very heplful, lecture was ok though
Assignment language is ambiguous, talks too fast, has accent, too much reading,
Boring boring class. Pointless class, wish you could skip it since she gives you the exact notes but you can't because she takes attendance everyday! Her class is dumb, its fairly simple, but pointless.
there is generally no need to go to the class because she gives you study guides and everything is in the book. she is completely unwilling to allow you to make up tests, and is rather dull in class. meh.
I wanted to go into Psych as my major. No anymore. This prof does the same thing for every class and is incredibly boring
she is the most boring teacher i'v had thus far. Class is a torture to sit through b/c she takes everything from the text book. If you are not a good test taker, do not take her class considering 80% of your grade depends on them. She's difficult to understand as her expectations are unclear.
I found this class to be interesting, but it is very hard to understand this teacher's teachng methods. She wants certain items done exactly right not close to being right. I found this course to be hard, not knowing what this teacher wants from me.
Awful professor. plays favorites and your grade depends on it. Doesn't have an original thought in her head. If you buy the book and read it, you don't even have to go to class because her lectures are basically like reading the book aloud. horrible prof with a boring class
completely unhelpful in all aspects, and rude. just because im not your favorite doesnt mean you can be a db.
Halfway through HS160, I was thinking this was going to be an easy class. Although the homework is easy, the homework DOES NOT prepare you for the test. The only tests (the midterm and final) are questions that are expected to be answered in full, well-detailed essays; unless you can read his mind, you should get full credit for the test No rubric.
I took an online class with him and it was terrible. You can not contact him because he won't respond. I had to take one of the exams late, and it took him over a month and 17 emails to post the exam. I took the midterm and the final exam on the same day. He says that you need to email him for a way of contact but will not respond to emails. 0/10
If you are trying to get in touch with him good luck. Not good at answering emails whatsoever, I emailed him multiple times over the same topic and never received a response. Hopefully you have no questions about the syllabus because you're on your own.
FYI:Same as Larry Light. I took the online history class, he was very bad at emailing back. I emailed him four times during the class and he didn't respond to any of them. A lot of reading, tests were in the form of an essay which he did not grade until after we had completed the next test, also did not give much feedback about past tests.
It is week 2 or 3 of the semester and I'm just annoyed. The syllabus is detailed but at the same time too simple. I am hoping I am doing assignments correctly, as there is not much of an explanation on what the expectation is. The same assignment is explained 2 different ways throughout the syllabus.
WAY too much work for an online class. I do NOT recommend taking this class if you have other classes to focus on. The content is interesting, but most assignments were irrelevant. Homework is excessive & unclear; 1page/chapter responses on external sites. There's an exam every other week that consists of two essays you have to do within 3 hours.
He wasn't helpful whatsoever! Never replied to my emails! Never got the syllabus until 3 weeks into the course from another student! Not a good professor and very hard class. A lot of work.
Not a very good professor. He did not have any online lectures. I literally read the book cover to cover and had no clue what I'd be tested on. I put in a TON of effort and still got a B+. If you're lazy and don't want to try, do not take his online course.
I love American History, but I really hated this class. He is a nice & funny guy & his lectures can be enjoyable. But, he's so unorganized. We only got to WWII even though the class was reconstruction to present. He gave us the wrong date for a lecture we were required to attend & never added grades for extra credit assignments. Would NOT take
This online class is not bad. It's an online class so it has different challenges than attending a lecture, but if you do the work (the primary documents, and post to discussion board) you will do fine. The tests are not difficult because everything is in the book, they just take forever. If you have to take this class, take it with him.
Took for 249 and 250 online. Professor is a fair grader, and gives ample time to complete the assignments. The area where Professor Light seems to pay little concern is in feedback. Responded to 3 of my 6 emails, which is somewhat sad. If I took him in person, he would have ignored me asking him 6 questions in a four month semester? Alright Prof.
The guy is incompetent if you're taking his online classes. If he deigns to give feedback, it's so generic its useless. Very hard to communicate with.
I took the TELECOURSE class with this guy and it was really HARD! In the telecourse he gives you 4 tests and a large paper to do (9 pages roughly). Each test he gives you 25 terms and you have to pick 15 and describe them in detail and why they are important. It is very very hard to remember all those terms. Stay away from his telecourse!
Everyone seems to like this teacher, but I found the class very difficult and not well structured. I respect Mr. Light's personal political opinions, but I don't think he needs to speak them. During class discussion he made me and others feel stupid. He would scold us for not getting A's on his insanely difficult tests. He was absent often.
great lectures you learn tons, but tests make no sense and are very hard
Easy to suss, but interesting subject matter in the course
She acts like she doesn't like her job, and like shes nervous all the time in class. Keep up with the assignments, if you don't she takes away like half the points if its a day late. Lot of extra credit (60+), and tests are pretty hard.
Lots of homework. It helps you understand the material, but he doesn't actually teach it. He uses an online math book and there is a different teacher that actually teaches you the material.
If you want an easy science credit, I would heavily advise against this teacher and class. She is a very critical grader in labs, she will nitpick at every word to find an error. Very long classes, labs can be difficult and confusing. I would only advise you to take this if you have a passion for geology. No textbook, but lab book is a must.
Wouldn't recommend. If you care about your GPA i'd stay away from this class. Rushes through every lecture, and very picky during the tests. Everyone does horribly on the tests because she expects us to write down everything she wrote on the board. If you do something wrong on the lab she'll raise her voice at you. Not a very good professor.
Do NOT take this course if you don't have hours to devote to outside class work. lectures were very long, leaving little time to get help with labs.Its impossible to get 100% on any of the tests b/c she is very picky on how detailed your answers must be on both the labs and tests. She's a Horrible professor and won't bend at all on her grading.
This teacher is crazy along with the class itself. Elaine refuses to slow down if something is confusing, & if she is running out of time teaching she rushes thru it & still assigns the lab anyways. She takes off points if your essay doesn't read word for word what she wrote on the board, so you will spend countless hours of useless memorization.
Her lectures were long, confusing, and did not connect to the tests at all. Tests are hard and almost impossible to pass. She did nothing to improve students understanding, I do NOT recommend.
Horrificly ridiculous teacher and class. Not only dresses like Kndrgdn teacher, treats you like you are a kndgrdn. Labs pathetic, lectures boring, no control/discipline in classroom. Waste of time and ungodly picky on labs and tests.
I recommend taking this class somewhere else
This is my second semester with her. I can honestly say I'm not learning anything. Right now we're watching a movie in Italian? I wanted to minor in spanish but I don't see how that's going to be possible. I think she has good intentions, she's a sweet lady but doesn't know how to teach.
The most inconsiderate professorperson I have ever met. Undoubtedly shows favoritism.
She's very unorganized and doesn't know how to relate with students. She's one of the worst professors I've ever had. I also changed majors after realizing she was going to teach most of my classes.
Kahn takes forever to grade papers.
He doesn't put your grade in Blackboard until the very end of the semester. He is a very tough grader but does give a good amount of feedback on your paper. Doesn't give quizzes just grades you on writing responses and exams. The exam involves memorizing poetry (which I think is pointless) and writing an essay. He is passionate about poetry though.
He is a TERRIBLE teacher. I enjoy writing and am pretty good at it, however, Mr. Webster is a very tough grader. If you don't think like him, he doesn't like you and will grade you accordingly. I would AVOID him if you can.
Webster is the boring side of American Civ. He asks very vague Q's and expects extremely detail A's. Reading can be overwhelming at times, but he falls so far behind that you're still keeping up with the class. Exams are open note, so no reason to fail here. Honors students will find a B+ or better here.
yes, very very boring. sometimes i wondered what the point of the class was. this was a theme class though..maybe to an english major it would be a good class?
He is very scatterbrained and everywhere in his lectures and slideshows. If you are very structured I highly recommend serious consideration before taking this course with Webster.
drop this class unless you are an english or writing major....
Horrible, this class is so boring! He grades way too hard for a theme class. If he doesn't like your writing, you're screwed... plain and simple. I'm an English major and this is the worst English grade I've gotten.
Very wierd guy, but he is funny. Tough grader, and he always wants your papers to be very detailed, and with alot of quotes from the books you read. You have to do alot of reading, but if you read all the books and keep up in class you will be fine.
He doesn't usually have anything planned, and when you ask a question he somehow never gets around to answering it. Assumes you already know everything about the books, and gets flustered and kind of angry when no one knows what he's talking about.
Nice guy, really scattered, wastes a lot of time at the beginning of classes (up to 25 min!) Easy class, if you can force yourself to go. I suggest play-doh.
Tries too hard to be funny. Class=very boring. Tough grader on papers.
This is the worst class/professor ever! He creates a very boring environment.
Hardest professor I have ever had. Will not accept late work. Peers edit your papers. Is not reasonable when discussing your grades if you think you deserve better. I would recommend EN 101 instead of EN 100. Very bad professor.
She is a very ignorant person/instructor, gives way 2 much work, things learned are very valuable but she over does it. I wouldn't recommend any one with a life other then going to her class to take her as a teacher, she thinks that the world revolves around her class room. Very strict, doesn't do a lot of teaching. Refer to ur "Writers Reference"
Teaching style was to assigning 30 or more papers that you will receive any feed back on from the prof. about. she has students peer edit all papers witch is not helpful because no one cares & they are in an 097 level class for a resin. AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE! She acts like you have not other classes when it comes to assigning work. WASTE OF PAPER!!
she is the worst teacher that i have ever had she makes me scared to come to class my whole life has to be decatied to this class she fills up your inbox and leaves you empty handed in the end shes the worst teacher ever
If you lucky enough, you'll end up with a D+. Definitely NOT recommended.
RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!
Hard class, you will need a lot of spare time for all the work.. that means if you have a child and or a job, this is not really the teacher for you.. there were pages and pages of directions and instructions.. extremely demanding class/teacher.. i do not recommend her what-so-ever!
We'll just put it this way, the last paper assignment that was due..(I-Search Paper). I did ALL the work that was needed but I didnt record it to a tape, she gave me an E on the entire paper. I had an A in the class, and I ended up with a C. THANKS!
THIS CLASS SUCKS. she is so boring. and gives you a**** load of homework everyday. her paper are supper long.
Wow! This class was Hell!!! I consider myself to be a good student who tries hard and I felt like she made this class impossible to succeed in. My class started out with 26 students and by the end there were only eight still attending! Think twice before taking this class with burris.
this class is crazy and I dont reccomend taking it with her. she assigns multiple papers that overlap one another. her course syllabus is something like 50 pages. Whatever you do..find a better teacher if you need EN 100
Very hard, To much work....but she can be nice!! DON"T TAKE her you wont have time for anything else!!!
Tons of work, no time to do homework for other classes.
she has got to be the hardest prof i have/ ever will have in my college carrer. she is unclear and has the worst sense of humor i have ever seen...she gives too many assignments at one time and to top it all off, my syllabus is 46 pages long...
Burris is anal and picky about everything... Tons of work, often times 3 assignments going at once. All class periods spent peer editing or responding to other classmates. Very little instruction, only the last few minutes of class! AWFUL!
Had a test once a week, there were at least 50 questions on each test. It would be nearly impossible to remember all those things for more than the week you study.
Hope you can teach yourself. You are going to work your butt off! Good luck!
Lets you late out of class everyday talks way to much
Dorthy is an interesting teacher. All you do is come to class, listen to her speak, take notes, and go home. If you don't take notes, your screwed. She's a really nice lady when you talk to her. Just make sure that you pay attention. The only grades of the class are the 4 true and false tests. Questions can be confusing at times. Just pay attention
Professor Maps has some very strange mannerisms, and her style of teaching is simply notes. Her tests are true/false and fairly easy as long as you look over your notes before class. She's always late. Don't bother buying the book I didn't use it once. It was a waste of money.
She lectures for hours straight, and then gives questions 50 true or false and one essay, and it is very hard.
This class is extremely boring. Don't take it at 7:45 a.m. she'll put you right to sleep. Tests are VERY tricky. She talks the whole hour and a half. Avoid at all costs!!!
Watch out, this lady is insane. She talks at -5mph and people that are in there are crrrazy. Get outta there as soon as you can. DR sucks
Her teaching style is no longer relevant to those seeking higher education. Class moves slowly and Mapes doesn't seem to plan anything. Her basic knowledge of the subject matter does not make her a good teacher. I'm dissapointed to pay for a class where nothing is happening.
She is old. She needs to have more activities in the class instead of lecturing from her half-ass notes. Have fun sleeping in the class.
if you can get a desk next to the wall or something else you can lean on so you can doze off.
She gives incredibly tricky T/F tests, does not refer to text at all, and wears a turtleneck everyday. Very boring, avoid her at all costs.
she only gives t/f tests. she tries to make her questions trick you.
Interesting lectures, hard tests. Does not answer phone calls or emails and forgets that you talked to her the week before about being out of town.
Extremely boring...read the book and get an A. Skip all you want.
T/F too complicated, at CC i'm a A & B+ student, i got a D in her class!
too much work- nice lady- multiple choice tests
good
If you skip assignments in this class or skip class in general, you are going to be in serious trouble. If you are looking for a comprehensive U.S. History course, look somewhere else. This class was very "social issue" driven and lots of important aspects and events in U.S. history were simply not covered.
Not bad but sometimes not to personal with the students
Overall an easy class. Mr. Tower is easy going, can be funny at times to lighten things up. He is a bit harsh on grading the papers. I don't feel he explained fully what was expected out of the papers that needed to be completed.
There is no way to get an A in his class! He may have been easy teacher for EN 101/102, but ONE person out of 30 in my class got a 95%. No one else came near this. Most people scored 80s or lower, and we are all normally A students! Frustrating! He doesn't tell you exactly what he wants, even when asked. Don't take class if you want to keep GPA up!
Boring boring boring teacher. Not a whole lot of reading, but make sure you read if you have too because he always has a quiz on it. It takes him forever to explain something and he's very nit picky on papers, which can be a good thing but gets annoying. very easy class overall
Roughly three times more homework than my other classes. Can grade the entire class down because of not understanding an assignment and you all get a grade lower than just adjusting his methods. Point is for him taking so much of our time with meaningless assignments, homework, and reading, learned very little scholastically about the subject.
He's just okay. He has a weird set up for his classes and doesn't spend a whole lot of time teaching about criminal justice. He likes to go off on other subjects that don't relate to the class. I didn't really learn anything new from this class about criminal justice. He teaches the very basics in class. He also has a weird grading system.
Doesn't really reflect on the chapters, talks about life and situations but none of its on the test.
HOT!!! this old man is on fire!!! he was really hard to follow sometimes because he thought everyone knew his terms.
Worst teacher I've had at GRCC I would have transferred to a different school except for the $ and convenience. I was late for class on the day a 50 pt paper was due and he wouldn't accept it. So my grade went from an A- to a C+. A girl in my class got in an accident & rolled her car and he was really mean to her about not making it to class.
Lots of busy work.Boat loads of homework,will write more papers than an english class.He is abrasive,and somewhat abusive to his students.
You have to be a professional speaker or a favorite to get an A in his "Fundamentals of Public Speaking" class.
It's ironic that a professor teaching a communication class has such a blatant disrespect for his student's opinions. He has a lack of manners, and the demeanor of a drill intsructor. He uses profanity, interupts while people are speaking, and raises his voice to an inappropriate level. If I communicated like him at my job, I would be fired.
The summer class has a shorter final paper, but all in all, the class equals the full semester class. Garbowitz has his rules, and you have to follow them. Article reviews can be a pain. Final paper is pretty easy if you follow the instructions. I think this prof chooses favorites. However, overall I ended the summer class with an A-.
Pretty easy class when taken in the summer, less work. All of the assignments are easy and homework takes maybe 5 minutes to complete. Shows a lot of films and some are pretty graphic and nasty. Article reviews are a pain and it seems like he favors some on the grading. Overall, not too bad of a class and is pretty interesting.
This guy loves touching the girls in the room, he uses them as an example of liking them... he looks like the version of steve erkel only white and fatter version hahaha plus he smells and his teeth are yellow and nasty... but he is a very fun teacher
I had an A up to the end but my printer died on the vocab/questions papers so i had to print at school, walked in late and took off 20 points, and he didnt read the paper! Dont take the class, the guy is a jerk and really pervy.
He is a confusing teacher that makes you feel uncomfortable if you don't understand what it is he's teaching
very hard and must turn in work on time!
He doesn't care about anyones opinions in the class, and you better not disagree with him or else. He talks way to close to your face, and picks on kids when they get the answer wrong. Don't take him!
HE KNOWS YOUR GRADE BEFORE YOU SPEAK...HE STEORTYPES SPEAKERS.
Drop him!
Don't sit in front . Only one volume TOO LOUD!!
not very caring about his students.
Always LATE, cocky attitude, at times funny
Always late, acts superior to students.
needs to retire!
he smells like coffee
Too rigid, cocky attitude
His classes are so boring- mostly a waste of time except for the beginner. The class is slow enough that I can write this review in the middle of his lecture.
He forgets what he has said and is very repetitive. And talk about BORING, brace your self for a 6 week lecture on concrete, then 6 weeks on Clay Bricks
he really needs to work on all his skills the cad class was very elementary and he really doesnt know all that much. in fact its scary that he is the head of the archietecture department at grcc. if you want an easy teacher take david dye
way easy
Too easy. A nice guy with some good stories, but too easy to be a history professor.
Seems like a really nice person but is awful at teaching the class. Could not get a good test grade until the end of the semester. The homework helps bring your grade up but the class is more revolved around activities than it is learning the material. Wouldn't suggest this prof.
I love psychology--everything about it. But she made me feel like I didn't understand it. I took Psych, and advanced Psych in High School. I have taken 5 psych classes here. Yet, she made me feel like none of it made sense like 80% of the time in here class. She was really nice, but terrible at teaching her subject.
Her class was alright. She talk a lot, hardly even use the book jus PowerPoint. The test suck, be sure to study examples of the vocabs because that what is on the test. Boring class too!
She does not know what she is doing. She is nice and I guess previous classes took advantage of her, but she has lost her mind. Her tests are inconsistant, you do not learn anything in class, and if you are 5 minutes late she locks you out. If you are not going into education do not take this class
SHE SAYS THE FIRST DAY OF CLASS THAT SHE UNDERSTANDS STUDENTS HAVE DIFFERENT LEARNING STYLES AND THAT LECTURE ISN'T ALWAYS THE WAY TO GO. HOWEVER, EVERY CLASS SHE SPENT 85% OF THE TIME LECTURING. ITS TIME FOR HER TO START PRACTICING WHAT SHE "TEACHES".
Condescending and Lacking Integrity.
don't get on her bad side
treats you like a child/baby-if you're an adult-avoid this class
He is not very sympathetic to students who don't already have a relationship with him. He was very cruel and made me leave the class in tears more than once in the first several weeks
definately an egomaniac and picks out favorites. You are the rudest and most incosiderate teacher to ever have!!!
Didn't teach us a lot. Taught ourselves
This is an ALEKS based class (so it's mostly online). He goes an objective each class. Flies through problems, doesn't teach, just expects you to understand. Gets mad when you don't talk to him. He doesn't put in grades but is nice because he lets you retake tests.
I took the class, thinking if I took it in class i'd learn better.. but the class was literally all online. He doesn't check your work to see where you went wrong and help solve equations. Everything was on Aleks and it's the worst. You put a number in the wrong spot, you get the whole equation wrong. Dana's style of teaching wasn't for me at all.
This guy is terrible. He has no clue how to teach. Thank god the material was easy.
He was sarcastic and copped an attitude. I would not recommend taking his class.
he was awful!
He was ok, better than my teacher for MA 210. But I mostly learned from group things and discussing with my group not the teacher.
Teaches in a high school format Can miss 40-50 pts if you miss a class b/c of meaningless activities Expects you to be there EVERY DAY Completely repeats herself in lectures to the point where you "get it" Had the nerve to tell us that we should all be quote: "appalled" at one of our class mates quietly left after his speech Take someone else
If this was a middle school class I might be impressed. I'm in college not a middle school student or her kid. I felt like she nagged us like we were 13-14 if I would have wanted another mom I would have my mom teach the class. She probably would have been a lot more professional. I didn't like her style or lack of style in teaching. The class
While speech class is easy and our class had fun, she must be getting senile in her old age. She would randomly ask for assignments she didn't assign, and graded as if you were a professional speaker. She puts to much weight on the paperwork and not of the speech.
i hate this class
Easy 'A' but you won't learn a single thing. Had him for a night class - very boring. He wasn't interested in listening to what someone had to say if they didn't agree with his viewpoint. Loved to hear himself talk, got way off topic, mostly about politcal issues - I did not appreciate that at all. Nice enough guy, but awful teacher.
This guy is horrible. If you want a class where you learn nothing and is easy this is the class, but he gets off topic all the time and it is the biggest waste of your time and money if you actually want a good class to attend and learn.
This guy is dumb. Easy class but never learn anything. He is old and boring. Nice guy but should re-retire.
Very much disliked this professor and wouldn't recommend. She is VERY disorganized. Her class is mainly online work with busy work in class. Her grading does not make sense and she gives little to no feedback.
Poor instructions
If you love unclear grading and a professor that has severe ADHD, this is the class for you! Its a class where there is convoluted quizzes and busywork. You would be better off taking math online.
Sloppy, all over the place, grading is confusing.
Just no bueno.
One of the worst professors I have ever had. She makes you watch videos that she does not make off youtube to learn the material and expects you to understand it right after that. She does everything online and class work is just busy work which does not help you at all. If you ask her a question she just answers with another question.
She's a nice person but isn't a very good prof. She messed up a lot of answers and was confusing most of the time. Get help at the math center instead of asking her! Do the study guides and you should do fine on the 3 exams and the final.
Sweet lady but honestly had NO CLUE what she was talking about. I'm a senior taking this class as a blowoff and got A's in all high school math class. She doesn't actually teach and gets her own answers wrong and has to be corrected. She takes forever to grade and is a really hard grader. She's so disorganized and not helpful. Do not take her......
Grades on everything, you must have work for every assignment, pop quiz almost every week but never the same day, usually give the wrong answers to her own problems and which is very confusing to those who can't follow along as easy
She is a nice woman but she isn't the best teacher. She is horrible at explaining things and just assumes everyone is understanding and on the same page. She also makes errors A LOT when teaching which can easily confuse someone that isn't that great at math to begin with. If you're good at math you'll be fine. If not, try to take someone else!
This Professor is VERY nice. She is willing to help with anything, but you have to make sure to ask. Taking this class with her is a good class to get you use to the college life. Homework is not mandatory but it is a great idea to do it!
This class was extremely boring. She is a terrible teacher and can't hold the attention of a snail. Her annoying voice and horse teeth distract you from learning anything she tries to teach you. Not to mention she makes everything she teachs harder than what it should be. If you have her, SWITCH!
SHES THE WORST MATH TEACHER I HAVE EVEER HAD. PLAN ON TEACHING YOURSELF EVERYTHING.
she is not that helpful. She does help once than forgets about you.
LECTURE THE WHOLE CLASS!
class was pretty horrible that no one got an A. only the Baker type people gots good grades. take notes even tho the test will be different from the notes. Not really helpful because he belives his notes explain enough. WELL THEY DONT! But Good Man Funny every now and then. gets boring. CAUTION u mite fall asleep . So dont tahis morning sessions.!!
nice guy but goes through everything really fast - you need to have a lot of time to study to get a good grade if you are an average student
Talks to fast about subject matter. Does not review any material.
If you take his class online make sure you readd he due dates. They are very confusing for online classes and it will skrew you over. I can say good bye to my great gpa
Classic example of spending class time learning one example, then finding a completely different type of problem on the test.
Told more stories than taught the material. Half of the classes were a waste of time and he could have explained and taught much more if he didn't have so many stupid stories and jokes.
Talks about his family alot, off color and off the wall jokes alot. If your lost, good luck, not very helpful at all. I will never take this instructor again
Really hard class if you're taking it online. Quizzes are extremely tough. He does give you a chance to boost your grade if you email him your explanations on a quiz...but it's not enough. I wouldn't take this class online...least not with him.
I didnt like this teacher at all. Never gives you grades when you ask or email even though he says he will. Teaches on thing and your homework is different along with the tests. Half the time in class he makes jokes and talks about things that have nothing to do with Accounting. He does this to avoid teaching...my guess. Anyways I would not recomen
I found Mr. Spoelmans class to be very tedious. Every lecutre he made meaningless jokes and talked about his personal life. It's not feasible to pass any of his test or even the final. You can't rely on him if you need help you have to visit the tutoring lab. Overall I was very dissapointed with his class!
Not the best teacher. I wish he would stop talking about his portfilio and his private life. I might of got through the class but he teaches as if you have taken the class before.
Very difficult instructor. Introduces new material the class prior to the test. Take Barnhart...
Strayed from topic too much.
funny teacher, gets off topic alot though. Tells dumb story's.
Awful! I had her for an online class... She was very unclear about the homework and NEVER would respond to anyones questions/problems. The class itself was easy... she was just a bad teacher. I've had several online classes and have loved them all except this one.
She was by far the worst teacher I have experienced. She claims she has taught for years, but she does not know what she is doing. Plus she gives you literally hours worth of pointless homework every class and only collects certain things but doesent tell you which ones she will collect so sometimes you spend hours on something she doesent collect
NOT HELPFUL DIDN'T RESPOND TO EMAILS. DIDN'T ANSWER QUESTIONS FULLY OR IN A TIMELY MANNER
She is does not prepare you well at all for test or quizes. Assigns a substantial amount of homework in which she does not even go over. Talks extremly loud at times to the point where it is obnoxious
I took his class during COVID and it was all online. This class is asynchronous and only had video lectures. I didn't find the lectures helpful but I found the problem sets he gave helpful. It honestly was a boring class and it was easy to fall behind. You also are only graded on exams and tests so there's really no room for error. Very difficult.
I would not recommend Professor Dyer. His tests are some of the hardest I have had out of my classes I ever took. During lectures he will constantly bring up things such as politics and an hour and a half lecture can be turned into a political debate. He also assigns homework a day before he wants it due. His lectures are also very boring.
He is a very nice person however I didn't find it very easy to do this class. It was very quiz and test heavy. The exams are difficult. The quizzes are bearable but still not easy. I think it is an ok class but lectures aren't very fun to sit through. Honestly it is a confusing class.
Please pick another professor for ISB. Its mandatory so theres plenty more to pick from. Fred is a decent man, quite intelligent actually. However, to enjoy life skip this man please. He rants for 2hours monotone voice and 25% of the things he says actually matter. Save yourself.
Professor Dyer is not fit for online teaching. The only thing he was consistent with was posting quizzes late. He told us at the beginning of class that the exam would be open book but then required a lockdown browser. When asked what to do, he said, "I don't know, print it out?"
Good, but boring... my advice, take your OWN notes, then study off his. otherwise you have no chance of actually retaining any info. Tests are hard... mostly essays.
Hes got neat info but his attitude stinks.
He gives good information but is arrogant to the class.
Horrible prof! Quite mean and rude to students. Assumed you already knew the information as well as she did. Very unhelpful if questions were answered incorrectly and you inquired for the correct answer.
Nice guy personally, unless you annoy him. If he sees you trying and paying attention he'll help you at least some. Pretty moody and is quirky about things. UNWILLING to give out any notes. Doesn't like people leaving or using technology at all during class. Went on a few rants when people stepped out for a second. Assigned WAY too much homework.
No patience at all! arrogant at times. very moody. I noticed that eariler ratings were better, something must have changed in his life.
She may be better if you have an on-campus class but she is not very good at online courses. She uses Thinkwell which can be VERY specific and a minor error can cost you points. She also does not go over your tests after you take them to fix any errors. When you ask for help she may just send you a youtube video or tell you to look at blackboard.
I'm lost for words, I was late for class 7 minutes, this woman graded me for that. I said no problem It happens, but not giving your students a good lecture and getting mad at them when they ask a question?. I was going to drop the class, but I want to challenge her and pass the class, but I would not recommend her.
Hess doesnt teach the online class, but writes the homework & tests. Her explanations are wordy and hard to follow. The tests are full of trick questions and content that wasnt in the videos. The Thinkwell materials are excellent. If you need Calculus 1 & 2, subscribe to Thinkwell and then take the CLEP for credit. Dont bother with GRCC.
Let me start by saying that it is not ALL Professor Hess's fault. I will say I dont like her grading scale, as she bases your grade 55% on tests, 20% on your finals, but still grades you on homework quizzes and group projects. I found doing pre calc online was very hard, even if she did answer questions quickly. Hard class for average math people.
I'm in the middle on this lady she teaches well but seems to forget not everyone learns the same way and she always marked me down for doin things differently than her
Not organized. Didn't like being put in groups and there was way too much talking without getting to the point. Nearly impossible to pay attention.
Talks in circles, very hard to follow
Its a crappy class totally not what I expected or wanted. Nothing in class is organized he just kinda rambles. Avoid it if you can.
Very hard prof. Also is an english major and well known author so expect to fail the first papers. The best anyone got on the first paper was a 2.8 out of all his sections. His demands are ridiculous for an IAH class. He is incredibly interested in his teaching material but also incredibly disorganized with no real notes or guides. He will push you
Quite overwhelming amount to read; he expects you to love and memorize all of the BS theory when it makes no sense. You WILL do very badly on the first couple papers, but will hopefully eventually figure out what he wants. Ugh.
I have mixed feelings shes a good person, but she teaches off of PowerPoint 24/7, rarely gives examples, and goes on off topic tangents for 10-20 minutes at a time. She doesnt actually teach the material, she expects you to automatically know it after grazing over the PowerPoint slides.
Professor Hower is very unorganized and you can tell she takes the lazy way out of things. 3.5 hour lectures were very boring when she reads of the slides and gets distracted easy. You had to buy the book specifically for the exercise questions because for some reason she would not copy them over to save everyone $50.
Shes is a super awesome person and I feel as though a great in-person professor; however, as someone with ADHD it was very hard being in her online class. She can tend to get off-topic and talk about things not related to class. I am person who is bad at math and found this class to be pretty difficult. I would recommend her for in person not onlin
An average class consists of her talking about her interests for the first 5 minutes and then reading the notes she gives you. It's not so much instruction, but more so her showing you examples and applying it to real life scenarios. It feels like a class to strengthen prior knowledge rather than to learn the basics. Go to the stats center instead.
She is soooooooo unorganized. I can honestly say I don't think I learned a thing. The lectures last a maximum of twenty minutes. There is no homework, only quizzes and tests. I'm not convinced she has a clue what she is talking about, ever, except for when she is talking about herself. She's super nice and funny, but I would not recommend her.
her voice is like a drill boring through my brain
Makes A LOT of mistakes. Gives incorrect formulas on tests.
she goes EXTREMELY FAST!!!!!!!! hang on!!
alright class, don't miss though.. a little unclear and weird.. tests suck
fast but she gives you 1/2 of the notes. OK prof.
quit talking about star wars and soccer! hard tests but knows her stuff
Nice lady, bad prof. Goes through notes too fast, not recommended :(
shes kinda crazy - a good prof but the final was horrid!!
Dr. Bruggink is a nice guy but he is not a great professor (at least in this class). His tests are unnecessarily hard; they're fill in the blank and short answer. I definitely was not the only one constantly stressed about this class the whole semester. On a lighter not, labs were fun. But overall, would not take this class if you don't have to.
Tests are impossible. I'm an A student and got low B's and C's on exams. Very boring.
I left class/lab everyday in a bad mood because of teaching/test styles. Tests are extremely picky, derived from small points not included in powerpoints. Made simple easily understood concepts into some of the most complex i've had to study, turns latter part of the lab into a statistics class, prepare to study! HARDEST CLASS I'VE HAD!!
Terrible class, it seems like he pulls some of his test questions out of thin air. Pay attention to every stupid word he says. Even for lab when your outside in the dead of winter freezing to death and the wind is blowing in your ears and you can't hear what he is saying.
Like most i was DREADING this class, i'm not an A student, mostly C's accually and i did fine. All you have to do is PAY ATTENTION, yes he is borning but if you write down EVERYTHING that man says whether you think it's important or not you'll ace the class, the exams are word for word out of his lectures!! This class is not impossible i promise!!!
He is a total bore. His exams are totally boring and most of the questions are not straight forward and are taken mostly out of the book. A lot of biology majors have to repeat his class Including myself some people are three timers. If you must take the class be prepared to not have a life if you expect an A.
He's a nice guy, and I'm sure he's quite smart and knows his stuff... but he's an awful teacher. A few education classes would probably do wonders. I had to take both his classes for my major, but I wouldn't recommend it unless you need them. The labs are interesting, but lecture's overly boring and the exams are horrible.
Holy waste of time. This gentleman has an uncanny ability to make any subject incredibly boring. Nothing that he talked about was not already covered in BI 112. I could hardly bring myself to go. An all-around uninspiring professor.
P-U. This class stunk. He's a researcher, not a teacher. He's nice enough (usually) but really not interested in teaching. I liked the labs, but his tests were awful unless you think exactly like he does.
Can be rude when you visit his office hours- Hates teaching the class and you can tell- Picky tester- Askes questions that make sure you were listening to his stupid story not the concept- Some struggled to get a B- Hated the Class
Blose spends way too much time in class going on tangents about random stuff, not nearly enough time on the material that matters. Avoid at all costs, the most ineffective professor I've ever had at GVSU,
Super nice guy, bad professor. He usually doesn't sound like he knows what he's talking about and often just confuses himself and then has to spend an unnecessary amount of time backtracking. Students always have to correct him on the mistakes he makes. Tests are extremely long and difficult.
Course could be far better. He confuses himself sometimes which in turn confuses the students. His tests can be difficult, you need to put time and effort into going over his practice problems to do well. He is a very knowledgeable professor who just has a hard time actually teaching material to students. Don't buy the text, just get stock-trak
BY far the worst class I have taken at GV. FIN 330 should be called Finance Legislation not Ethics. The few ethics based material you due study aren't even taught correctly and the exams are incredibly meticulous. If you are taking this thinking it will be like other ethics course then you are severely mistaken.
His lectures are really boring but you have to go to class to receive the PowerPoints. Gives random quizzes which can be confusing. The midterm is all short answer and the first day of class he will tell you half the class will fail. Don't take him
The material was pretty easy but Larry made it harder than it had to be. Also he cant add, make sure to double check his grades for the test/quizzes you receive back. He can get a bit boring.
Easy class. Tests are very similar to example problems he gives, multiple choice is a little difficult. Don't go to his office and ask for help because he gets really annoyed
He is a TERRIBLE professor!! All he talks about is his life. He is unclear about assignments. He is rude and sometimes out right mean to his students. He makes generalizations about people. By the end of the class I am typically trying to restrain myself from throwing stuff at him. Attendance counts but every question on tests are in the book.
Really wish I would have looked up this professor prior to entering his class. He is driving me up a wall! By far the worse professor I have had. He is very unorganized, unclear, and preoccupied by his other job. He may be a smart man but that does not mean you will make a good teacher. The class itself is easy, he is HORRIBLE!!
I was not a fan of him. He always seemed like he was above the students and race and -his- religion were daily additions to class. He just didn't seem interested in the class. It wasn't a very hard class- you couldn't just skate through it, but as long as you read the book and put in minimal effort, you'll do wellwith him.
cool teacher, easy class, i don't know why everyone talks bad about him. nice man
He's boring. The only thing he talks about is race. But, he does gives easy test. All you have to do is read your book.
oh my goodness... It was my first day of class and I'm already dropping. He seems ok and funny at first, but also EXTREMELY arrogant and like a few people said before "very race happy" which he will practically tell you. He also refuses to call you by the name you prefer, opting instead to call you by your full given name... AVOID the class
Trys to push his over aboundence over vocab on to you, trys to make himself seem so smart.
Even though he wasnt very helpfull or very clear....it was a class that was straight out of the book. and the paper that you do is almost all of your grade....he may be arrogant but he has a good sense of humor.
This professor relies heavily on the fact that you are reading the material. She talks most of the time and does not have in-class group discussions. She seems like she is trying but not getting through to the students. If you are personable and do the reading she will grade you nicely, if not then she will grade you poorly.
Despite being an intellectual challenge to contend with, Rich's classes are plagued by political bias. She will criticize you if your way of writing is not postmodern in structure, and there is a large focus on leftist theory. It is fine for her to hold these opinions, but to place them upon her students was a great detriment to my enjoyment.
Dr. Rich is a sweet person. That being said, her classes are extremely difficult. She said on day 1 that we wud fail all her quizzes because she makes them hard. Claims shes trying to prepare us for grad school. All but 1 person failed her midterm. Readings are extremely challenging. Im a 4 year straight A student struggling to keep a B.
She quizzes almost every class based on the reading. Plus, she also requires you to post twice each week based on your reading. Miss a post, and major points get deducted! Read and set an alarm to post. Papers arent to bad. Exams are bad, for example, gives 150 terms to study and only tests on 25 of them. Her teaching style was not the easy
She is probably the hardest grader I have ever had.She expects WAY TOO MUCH on the vocab. Asks you for your own interpretation of the word and then tells you that you are wrong!She marked me down because I didn't put the section number after ENG 201.Worked my a- off on a paper and got a C+, and I consider myself a good writer. Tyson book is boring
went to her for help and still received a low grade. She is very hard to work with. Would not take her again!!
Worst class I've ever taken. English 111 isn't suppose to be this hard. If you love the 1950s and want to read about them everyday and memorize the miniscule details of the stories, this course is for you, if not turn around now!
He is the worst professor ever!!! I had a 3 hr Friday morning class and all he talked about was boring things. There were no test no quizzes just papers which were easy. He allowed you to email him the assignments so I did. In one of my emails there were 3 papers. He graded one and gave me 0s on the others. He said I never turned them in.
He is a horrible professor! Talks in monotone the whole 3 hour class period. You can barely understand him over his heavy breathing. He is a very arrogant guy. Doesn't care about his students. He kind of expects you to already know the material. The class is extremely boringgggg! Do not take it!
very easy class, so easy that you dont wanna go and end up losing a lot of points in attendance. is quite weird, but not that bad of a guy, iguess.
Well, as many have said before the class is easy. He does know what he's talking about but he can't quite explain it well. My tip for you is to sit in the back... he's a very smelly guy.
SOOOOO BORING!!! TAKE A PILLOW...SAYS "um" ALL THE TIME AND NEEDS TO WASH HIS SWEATERS. CLASS ISN'T TOO HARD, BUT STUDY FOR THE MIDTERM.
pretty easy, all quizzes are take-home or online, you really only need to study for the midterm, and tons!!, no final-just a research paper. very boring guy but knows alot
Very dry sense of humor, but he likes the jokes he makes. Also a great dresser, wearing the same sweaters just about every day with mysterious stains. His lectures allow you plenty of time to draw pictures of him if you happen to be an art major.
His tests and quizzes are on blackboard, but a lot of his questions aren't in the notes. Very boring professor, but he gives points for attendance.
He may not be clear but home work is so easy
boring but not hard to get a good grade in the class
Super Easy Teacher... Get good grades to start with, you're golden...
She is horrible...You take four tests and do homework...her test are hard. Also the Final is worth 50% of your grade.The final is much easier than the four tests..Do not take her unless you want to have to repeat the class. She will mark your answer wrong, if you don't do it her way. HORRIBLE TEACHER. SVSU needs to get rid of her.
the worst math teacher i have ever had, she basicly just reads from the book and i think we can all do that ourselves. her class is extremely boring and u must go to class! if possible find someone else!!!!!
she talks about her dogs more that math and explans the easy amd does not explain the hard
Very boring, but for the most part explained things clearly. However, every test would contain harder problems then you'd do in class. Also, he doesnt give any review tests. Gives a quiz just about every week. His office hours sucked, so I couldnt get help when neeeded. Def. wouldnt take him again.
He's not as bad as everyone makes him sound. His class is SLOW and his voice is monotone. He's real boring, but it's not like he's nasty. If you put forth an effort you'll easily get a B/C. Avoid if you can, but don't be nervous if you can't.
how many times can you say "umm" in one damn class? He looks more lost than some of us.
Very tough grader. Once your in a hole it's tough to get out.
The class material itself is pretty interesting, but the amount of work needed to be done each week is ridiculous. He assigns two 1 page single-spaced essays per week alongside readings which can reach the length of 20 pages in word (single-spaced). Do not take this class if you already have a big workload.
A rude professor who does have interesting material to cover, but does a poor job doing so. He is extremely harsh if no one in the class understands a certain photograph or piece of art that he displays on the screen. His grading is extremely hard especially the papers and midterms. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
nice guy but incredibly boring. having 2 or 3 quizzes everyday is ridiculous, and theyre all on the computer making it extremely hard to focus.
I would've walked out every day had there not been a quiz every day...horrid teaching style...
I thought the class would have been easier if Mr. Weidenfeller, would explain & go into more detail a little more. I know I would have done better on the text quizes if we were able to use our notes.
I enjoyed this class because of its wide arrangement of activities. I thought the daily videos were very interesting and fun, but the other assingnments needed more clarity. Overall I learned alot about business and time management, and I would take another class with Ron.
he is very hard to ask questions to and his class is a bunch of busy work.
Tough class not easy person to approach
Nice lady. Needs to take some exlax and walk it off. Difficult subject. Not an effective teacher. Let the book go a bit and relax. Poor grading scale. I ended up with a C+ and did my studying and homework. Avoid her!
She treats her students like they are pre-schoolers. Very boring and the hour takes forever. Avoid this teacher at all costs.
Won't admit obvious faults in grading.
Very hard tests. Uses too much terminology, need some knowledge outside the book
lectures everyday!!! its not a good way to learn
It's your typical useless credit course. He is guy who quizzes on reading retention (useless) and his paper is unnecessarily difficult - minimum 6 pages and we can't use the Internet (WHO DOES THAT). He is a little pretentious and thinks he is above all else when his class is just a course people take as a required course. Lectures are good tho
Professor is very inconsistant and forgets which class he taught what things to. Grading is also very inconsistant which is very frustrating. He incorporates many real life examples which is good but you dont know in the end what topics he actually spoke about are supposed to be on the exam.
Once, during a test, I looked up from my answer sheet, and it appeared as if he was scowling. I could be wrong, as I had just returned from having eye surgery, but that was how it appeared to me. I'm a class act all the way and therefore do not deserve shabby eye-lookings from him.
I was bored to tears from the beginning to end of the class, and takes up all the class time. Not the best at teaching, but knows his stuff. I missed at least 5-8 classes and still got an A. Just keep him updated. Tests come directly from notes it seemed like. Pretty easy stuff
He smells terrible and is not a very good teacher.
Does NOT respect strong, outspoken women. He will try and make you think you are wrong even when you are right. Not worth attending class, just be there for the tests. Easy A.
Poor speech
I took Klems under the assumption she was a good starter programming teacher. What I got was a professor that had an aversion to answering questions. She would get angry, assume you weren't present for the lesson, and give a long lecture about attendance every time you ask her about anything. I just stopped asking questions and took my grade.
she is the best ever...so tough but no doubt about her skills...she can make anyone a good programmer :)
She does very well teaching CS 350 but honestly you will not learn that much taking 395 from her. Avoid this class if she teaches it. These ratings are off because it should say how much did you learn not how easy was the class.
the class was easy but SOO boring. all the tests were based on the study guides that he posted online. two papers, one project, and three exams. papers were self explanatory. tells a lot of stories in class. i got an A.
Sure he isnt the most interesting person in the world, but he in NOT hard at all. Take your computer, study his notes (that he posts online) and you will do fine. Who cares that he doesnt teach...its an Ace in the hole.
This guys really is simple when I think about it. you do 3 group presentations. They are effortless and are easy As. 3 tests. The test are hard, however i never studied for them. No book, no need to take notes. All his notes are online. So study thos notes and you'll be fine. Bring a movie and mini earphones to class to collect your attendance.
He give you way 2 much info about his wife, his son the doctor, his read-headed grandaughter and Viagra. He's a smart man who knows his stuff but he is mad at the school and doesn't require a book, just do the homework and print out his lectures from blackboard and you do fine.
he says very simply way to much......but i dont think hes that bad of a teacher
Very simply, do not take this class unless you are a grad student. You will get this joke if you actually do take him for some reason, DON'T.
Hardest Pro. ever!! He doesnt teach he tells stories and is very sarcastic. So many people began to fail they wouldnt let anyone else out of the class. DO NOT TAKE
ugh. Class with this man was insane! Talk about sarcasm! However, I did manage to get a 95 on the final. :D
Get out of his class while u still can. Im an A student, and Im hoping for a B! He doesnt teach, tests on tiny details, tests are all multiple choice, no partial credit and make up 90% of the grade. RUN AWAY!
Sang lee is a nice guy who cares about his students, however is extremely hard to understand. You have to really listen which makes it difficult to understand the lectures. The tests really don't follow the lecture notes and you'll have to write one page summaries on every chapter that are only worth 5 points. I wouldn't take him again.
He tried to give me the excuse for his poor teaching explaination skills on me not understanding algebra. I passed MA110 with an A. Most people in the class thinks he is very unfair with grading and on tests.
Worst mathematics teacher I've had. He explains things, but not as clearly as he should and assumes you already know how to do everything he's teaching. He made a student cry because her phone went off and made her pay him $20 to get it back at the end of class, and he almost threw it in the trash. All homework as done online, which did not help
Lee means business. He follows the letter of the law and runs a tight ship. He closes the door right at the hour and if youre late youre out. Only answers questions for students who he feels are on top of their hw. Ne leniancy with tests. Occasionally makes jokes but typically serious focused and ocd. If thats not your personality, it wont work out
Sang Lee is a fast paced teacher who gives difficult tests. Be warned that he does have an accent (e.g.: Ph sound = P) but it doesn't affect the overall lecture. He's a hard tester, fast-paced, and strict to college policies. With this all said he does run the classroom well, he pushes hard.
Tests are very hard, must attend every class to get the quizzes, and his English is hard to understand. The class will put you to sleep and I didn't learn anything from it. Nice guy though.
cant understand the asian
Look forward to a quiz (50 point) every week, the only exam is the final and that's 150 points. Most quizs are very hard. If you had AP Calculus in HS and love math take his class. If your an older student returning or just starting college avoid him.
Has a hard time speaking clear English. Good professor though. I recommend
Expect to get help from the math lab everyday. Can hardly speak English. boring
His lectures are well researched, informative and extremely interesting (not inspiring check the definition). He is definitely human with human flaws. The favorites are obvious (if you are not a history major forget it). In a nutshell brilliant, enlarged ego with impuse control issues!!!
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE prof. I am a GOOD student but i had to drop the class because if ever a teacher played favorites, HE does. hes rude, an egomaniac, and is not interested in helping his students. seriously think twice before you take a class with him!
Very intelligent,huge ego,belittles students and depending on the weather he's nice. Great lecturer and has amazing command of the material but his attitude ruins it. Quite unfortunate that someone so knowledgable has to be so unapproachable.
Dr. Rink is a professor that knows his stuff, BUT he is a horrible teacher when it comes to helping. He plays favorites in class and those students will pass with a breeze, while others who aren't his favorites struggle through the class. He doesn't even grade the Finals or the Midterms, his TA does
The ultimate split personality. Some days he is wonderful and others he seems to have a chip on his shoulder a mile wide. He is an excellent professor always prepared and knows his material, but as a person he seems to have an ego the size of Texas BEWARE
tests are extremely hard. gave my class ONE test on NINE chapters when another blaw prof gave two tests covering a total of 8 chapters. She rather have you read the book and teach yourself then actually thoroughly go through all the material. p.s. buy the e-book b/c the book store does not buy back ANY books for this course.
****
Prof Masterson is not great at explaining things clearly. However, the online HW site has video lessons so I don't pay attention in class and teach myself the course as I do HW. Quizzes/Tests are all 4 questions and easy if you study even a little. Consistently keeps class extra 15 mins. Very easy class w/ any prior calc/stat knowledge. Hw is easy.
He doesn't really explain the lessons well and all he does is write examples on the board. However, the quizzes aren't too bad because if you study the examples he did during classes before, you'll be fine. There is a lot of online homework that somewhat doesn't really correlate with the stuff he does in class. If you study you should be fine.
Masterson is do-able.. but I recommend that you have some background of calc before taking him. He can be unclear and confusing. I took calc before and I got a B+ after taking him. Don't freak out, just do the practice problems from the book he gives you, they are similar to the ones on the test
Okay so this guy gets way more negativity than he's due. If you've taken Calc before, this class is an easy A. People complain because he's a stickler for explanation but that's only because he doesn't want you to bs to get an answer. His lectures are long and the material isn't fun but if you ask for an explanation you'll get it. Fair guy, it's ok
Avoid at all costs! Worst teacher yet. Sure he knows what he's talking about, but when it comes to actually teaching, he fails in that department. If I had a re-do, I definitely would not take him. Do the homework, gives a lot but doesn't collect all. Helps before test and answers all questions, he just drifts off onto irrelevant things. Avoid.
If you've taken calculus before you'll probably be fine, but if it's your first time taking this course you'll definitely have to work hard in order to pass. The lectures are long and confusing; get an outside tutor to help you with the material, that's how I passed the class.
I had him for calculus. If you've taken Calc before, just study a few hours the morning of the tests and you'll ace the class. If you havent taken Calc before, you need to work really hard. Sit in the front of the class, do all the homework, and ask as many questions as you need. He will stop his lecture to answer any and all questions you have.
Definitely a nice guy and means well. But his teaching skills are nothing that I was used to from high school. He stands in front of the class and draws all over the board without looking at you until the very last second of class. He speaks very fast and acts as if we already know what he is talking about. Very hard if you do not know your math!!
He is so confusing and he would write addition things on the board that is not needed. Makes you want to fall asleep and he you are on your laptop playing games or watching a movieshow, he won't say anything. If you take his class, you will need to go to tutoring as many times as you can to get help, especially if you are not good with math.
When I check the ratings for this class after I registered for it last semester, I was sure I was not going to pass; but I studied everyday after class, went to his office hours, asked questions all the time, and did the problems in the book and extra credit. As long as one actually tries, he/she can pass even though he goes a bit fast sometimes.
Hard Grader. Speaks to fast. Doesn't care if you fail. Please do not take this guy. You will regret it I promise
professor masterson is actually pretty nice but his teaching IS difficult to follow. he teaches pretty fast, often keeps you up to ten minutes over class time, and he's quite boring. to get a good grade in his class, you really have to pay attention.
Masterson's class is unnecessarily difficult. He is difficult to follow, and takes point off of your tests for the smallest of reasons.
His teaching style is ridiculous. He obviously knows what he is talking about but doesn't know how to teach it. If you're looking for an A this is not the place to be. His tests are ridiculous and he doesn't give you points unless you do math his way even if your method is acceptable. Don't take him, he'll ruin your GPA.
this man is horrible..he moves very quickly and basically sumerizes the book for you...grades tests vigorously
Do not take this class unless you already know calculus! He nitpicks tests and most of the class dropped the class. He also tries to relate his health problems to calc, enough said!
He is smart but just does not know how to teach. It is true in this case, that professors are not teachers.
Please stop catering to the underacheivers. The rest of the school says its ok to reward mediocrity, but you don't have to. Lead the department in a NEW direction - one that is rigorous. Turn over control to the profs who are young & know what they are doing. you can take care of admin for them, but start listening to those with fresh ideas.
OK Tony, we know you wrote the last review. Its your exact wording! You've never spent a day in the real world and think finance is about picking stocks. SHU graduates are so under-qualified for jobs that they can't hold the ones they get. Its time to re-vamp the program....the writing is on the wall!
this class is such a joke. i didnt learn a single thing, i just sat there on my computer the whole semester. i got an A just for copying other peoples homework.
Ok teacher...oh deff. Hott...haha...here's your chili pepper!
Very easy class, you get four absences, online quizzes you can take multiple times, online grammar exercises that can be taken multiple times as well. Lectures are boring, but he tries hard with jokes. Overall nice guy, but very boring class.
I did not learn anything in this class. Definitely easy, but definitely a waste of time. He tries to make jokes but they aren't funny. He's moderately helpful. You could definitely get a better prof.
He gives good lectures, but comes across as rude at first. Also, if you have accommodations that allow you to take tests with DSR, he is not understanding of their schedule and will make a big deal if there are no options for the exact time class is. I had to call DSR and reschedule my test for that reason and they even said hes always like that.
You can tell that he loves his job. He is very good at talking about things he likes. He just lectures and your grade is just the 3 exams. If you miss class he will drop your grade. You have to read and study to pass the exams. If you are looking for an easy class or one that isn't going to require much work, DON'T take this class.
Worst professor I've ever had at GVSU. Extremely liberal. If you share any different views than he has, he will tell you you are stupid. I cannot believe he is still a professor at Grand Valley. STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS.
I would never take this professor again.
Brian was pretty harsh our first day of class .. However, he knew what he was talking about but didn't really go into great detail about what it all was all about. Basically, you HAVE to read the book and assigned readings and if you don't understand those, GET EXTRA HELP ASAP!
I'm not sure, but I think Tod Williams is an awesome professor as well!!! Even though he's a psych teacher! HOWEVER this teacher is actually a good one as well and very interesting in class lecture
tough
Tough professor. The entire grade was based on 3 tests and if you miss a class you miss a lot of information. He goes off topic constantly and brings his personal issues into the classroom. If you do end up in his class make sure to read the chapters of the book as scheduled or you will quickly fall behind and will not be able to catch up.
Here's another hot tamale for you professor Phillips. Since you want them so bad...
Anyone about to take Phillips--don't drop because of the way he acts the first day or two. He's a jerk on purpose to get weaker students to drop (he's said so himself). It IS a difficult class, but very much worth it if you do the work. He's tough and extremely arrogant, but the guy knows his stuff. I enjoyed this class a lot in spite of workload.
Professor Phillips was out of control! But in a good way. He is a hilarious guy and brings in great, interesting real life examples. Tests are very hard, and the amount of reading is near impossible.
If you are looking for an easy class, DO NOT TAKE HIM!!! It is just not 392, but all of this classes (or so I hear). His tests are impossible to get an A or a B on. Has a major ego problem and interjects way too much of his opinion. I hated this class.
This class is not an easy class, but the things you learn are very valuable. If you don't read for your classes, you won't do well in this class. Prof. Phillips is really difficult, but he really loves teaching this class. Make sure you go to class!! He does take attendance
This class was alot of reading, but if you do it you will get a B
If you don't want to have a life besides reading 24/7 take this class, interesting info but he makes things way harder than they should be
Avoid him! Not helpful! Talks about GM, New York, and himself the majority of the time. Does not teach the curriculum, therefore the tests are extremely difficult. To do well in this class, you must teach yourself EVERYTHING!
It's unfortunate that this course is required for SOC/SW majors because it is an unreasonable amount of work. Many people in my class were taking it a 2nd or 3rd time and doing just as horrible as the 1st. He is extremely knowledgeable and is interesting to talk to, but gets off failing people.
Do Not Take
VERY VERY HARD...I love sociology, but this class was off the wall. It was very difficult and he didn't seem that concerned with the personal issues that I was having during his class...don't take this class or this teacher unless absolutely necessary!
Be prepared to work your ass off~~The readings are long and hard to understand~~but he is unusually funny~~but be prepared for everything to be able to relate back to him~~
Huge ego!
talks way more than he instructs. The tests aren't worth the class time.
Horrible Teacher
1) go to small group, for real! 2) study the crossword puzzles on the course website, HUGE help 3) dont freak out if you get a D on your tests...that means your normal! lecture is super boring, all notes are on the website too, he goes word for word from them...yea.
I hated this class. The lecture is so boring and you have to read the book to get a decent grade on the tests. The tests pay attention to little details and overall he's just a little strange. Class is very hard.
The lecture is completely boring and a waste of my time since all the info is on the website. Groups are fun and a great way to talk about sex comfortably. Dr. Strouse makes it interesting when he demonstrates with the vibrators!
Hard tests and sometimes moronic instruction. The group work is fun and interesting.
Liked the material and lectures. Tests were really hard...you have to do the readings. HATED, groups they were a waste of my time every week.
He will ruin your GPA and not care...fun groups
READ THE BOOK!!! test suck and well, he's kinda creepy
Having taken advanced math classes in high school, the course material itself wasn't challenging, but I can see how it can be considering the teacher. Gross doesn't seem like he wants to teach. He just reads off his slides and is grumpy all the time. To be fair he is very generous with awarding points on tests, but is overall rude, wouldn't rec.
The professor basically reads off his slides the whole class and assumes everybody knows what he is talking about when nobody can answer his questions. When you do ask him a question, he seems annoyed and passive aggressive and gives a vague answer that is hard to understand. Understand his slides and do the HW, youll get at least a B+.
Professor Gross has four exams and a final and it is worth 70% of your grade. He gives vocab quizzes almost every friday. The homework is not mandatory but if you do not do it you will not understand the tests. He never does problems in class and only solves proofs which are not even on exams. I would not take him. He is also super grumpy
Definitely found him intimidating. He's not happy if the class, in general, doesn't do well on a test or if nobody knows the answer to something. He lectures A LOT within a 50 minute period and writes everything on the board. He goes over the material relatively quickly. Do the WebAssigns as they will help. Just wasn't a great prof for me.
His seems scary. He makes you take lots of notes in one class so its not easy process everything in one class. make sure do hw assigned even though not checked. Caus if u don't you won't pass. Do good on take home quizzes & study hard before the test. You earn grade by total of ur totaL test points. out of 1000, earn up to 600 you pass. Overall ok
Professor Gross wasn't my cup of tea. Although I ended with a B, the class was all over the place. He won't help you. He'll call you out in class if you don't understand what is going on. He's mean. His class is relatively easy if you put in a lot of effort, but honestly take a different finite math teacher. The stress is not worth it man.
Very difficult,nothing ever satisfies him, he knit picks at everything
Class starts at 8:30? He gets there at 8:30 walks up to his desk and starts teaching right away. EASY TESTS! if you practice the webassigns EASY TEST, EASY EASY EASY, but he's not very helpful if you dont understand, can come off as intimidating.
He's good at teaching but cant write for crap, whatever he wrote on the chalkboard looked like it was written by a second grader. Gives a solid amount of work but the tests aren't too bad as long as you do all the hw and study a little bit. TAKE GOOD NOTES, you will look back on them often.
He's very boring and not very nice. I went to him for extra help and he claimed I should have already known the stuff I was asking him. If you turn stuff in and study hard for tests, you'll make it, but don't expect a friendly, helpful guy.
Extremely annoying, unapproachable, should go back and take grammer and vocational lessons
If you listen and take notes, you should do fine. From experience, I would recommend doing the homework problems, they really do help you out in the end.
Not the best teacher, but knows what he's talking about - i took a statistics class in high school so this class was like a review for me, i asked if it was ok if i didnt do the HW...no problem! the HW is a review for you and not graded. i was helping loads of other students 'cuz he isn't the clearest person to understand, again, not the BEST teacher but bless him he tries!
The guy is a grumpy old man, he hates his life and his students. He will get the material across and if you study really really hard and put the effert in you can get a B.
Communication is impossible with Chris. I have tried E-mail, phone, and have even stuck notes on her office door and she still does not make contact with you. She is not a student advocate. Ask for help she pushes the responsibility away. She also doesn't keep promises (e.g. she promised study groups and E-mails that we never saw).
Pretty easy class. He is a little difficult to understand.
Doesn't do much teaching. See Adam if you want to learn.
horrible teacher, can't understand a word he says, very unclear, doesn't teach
This class was easy in previous semesters. However, in Spring 2019 it changed to finals being proctured, not online. The midterm and final are weighed heavily in your final grade and you need to study hard for it. There are so many songs to know and a bunch of random facts to memorize. It was overall annoying.
Good: overall the class is easy because of the extra credit. about 8 extra credit concerts and each is worth 3% more. Most of class is online. Bad: extremely boring concerts tests are hard uses wikipedia (anyone can edit it) but i got an A for doing prety much nothing.
he's an underqualified ego-maniac who loves to belittle people
This class is super boring unless you are a music major! tons of extra credit but make sure you study for the final. I had almost 100% going into the final and I got a D on the final and ended with a B. Very hard to get ahold of!!
The class is boring and the music isn't always that great. He goes off tangent all the time! Studey the music and you'll do fine.
If exams were based on his life stories, everyone would get an A! He often is not talking about jazz as it pertains to the class. The listening aspect of this course is very cool but it stops there!! If you can afford it ,do a lot of extra credit!
This class was okay Prof. Cohoon class at first was very easy to understand. However, after the first few weeks the material became very condense really fast. This class was not organized because there was not a set schedule or syllabus in fact. Every class he had a TA type notes which we had to copy down or follow along wish there were more e.g.
He is alright
Try to avoid this guy, he is really confusing to listen to, probably because most of the time he doesn't know what he's talking about. He is a nice guy though, and is very kind in grading.
Bottom line.. not a good class. However seeing him get chalk all over himself would make my day. Hed always wear black and always got chalk dust in the most aqward places ever... hilarious
He's not very good. He promised to give out prizes for 100's on midterms, and I aced two and never got anything. Also, a couple of times I've pointed out an alternate way of doing things that saves time, and he has reacted defensively in class.
Class is awfully boring, he just doesnt have good teaching skills for a big lecture hall
Cohoon is a hottie and the best part about him is trying to get him to say the word "minimum" it's the most entertainment you'll have during class. Agreed class is quite dull and boring so bring work to do and food and a pillow. Enjoy class.
tests are too hard for the material covered in lecture...unclear when explaining
He fumbles lectures by misstating points and skipping around in powerpoint but the class material and exams are not bad. Just study his book thoroughly.
Class was two days a week for an hour and fifteen and he assigns readings for every class period with a clicker question for the reading. I never read because it was too much and just guessed/looked up the clicker question. Never listened to lecture eithe PRO: There is no tests, only one term paper at the end! and a couple homework/outside videos.
don't take this class if you are looking for an easy A. in fact, don't take this class at all. VERY unorganized, completely unstructured. nobiletti is not very responsive to students' concerns. tons of clicker questions about minute details of the texts-which bring down grades, as well as very unclear lectures and essay instructions
Took this class for lower division. Everything was unorganized and the T.A (Sherry) was a tough grader. I did not feel motivated due to the class materials presented with scattered ideas. The grading was not as fair or concise and clear. I would say my upper division courses are much more easier than this class, and that says something......
The lectures are two and half hours long and there are no tests, just two papers. He does clicker questions every class to count attendance. He does offer extra credit so that's a plus but I didn't enjoy this class.
really unclear grading criteria, but awesome guy. great topic and interesting but he can be very scatterbrained. clicker questions in every class
Nobiletti is sooo nice!! He's a really great human being and will always help when you need it. However, his class information is kind of all over the place. His train of thought doesn't stay in one place and the final essay prompt was very vague. The more I read it the more confused I got. clarification didn't help / praying for mercy!
I was expecting an easy A, but you really need to put in some effort in this class. Attendance is mandatory as he does clicker questions every class. Also make sure to do the homework. There are 2 papers but the prompts are so vague you don't even understand what you're writing about. I would recommend taking someone else if you can.
Easy class. You have to show up for clicker points. He gives out extra credit, but I didn't do any of it and still passed with an A-. Lectures are boring but there is very little work just two short papers and some online quizzes that you can google the answers for. Basically just do all your work and u can pass with an A.
I love history, but Nobiletti's history 109 was my least favorite class of this semester. He's a nice guy but I didn't even see a point in going to class half the time. His lectures are all over the place and he will input his personal opinions into them as he pleases. Wouldn't recommend taking him for a class
He is so disorganized. I never knew what to take notes on, goes on lots of tangents. This class was way to long for my attention span. The only thing i hated was how he uploaded ALL assignments onto BB for the entire semester, hard to find what you need, PP unhelpful. Have to read a book for a paper.
His lectures were definitely all over the place. At times, he was really confusing and he didn't make it easy to ask questions. We had to write a response to the textbook chapter every week, but he didn't always collect it. Used clicker for attendance and for the 3 quizzes. Also, he had a seating chart so you had to sit in the same spot.
Not too difficult of a class. Short readinds every week with a few short assignments, 3 quizzes, a term paper, and a take homne final. Organization is not the best and he is sometimes hard to follow. Quite opinionated.
I usually enjoy history classes but I wish I took this class at a community college or with someone else. He is incredibly intelligent and I did like the lectures, especially since I had him during Occupy Wall Street, but they had nothing to do with the class. Nothing was very clear. Attendance is mandatory. Just not an easy 100 level class.
Mr. Frank needs at least 10 assistant teachers to organize his work.He will teach stars instead of history.
Attendance is mandatory. Participation pts also so speak up, do the reading & have an opinion. Has no organization. Talk one day about something then jump to a completely different topic. Hes very opinionated & criticizes religion a lot which i think is unfair & biased. Have to do outside reading & videos. Final essay was hard but grades nicely
This man is unpredictable. Utterly crazy. Be prepared to study your ass off for a little quiz that is worth too many grade points AND THEN get to class and he decides to just take attendance instead. It easy but its also a joke. And annoying.
I hated this class! Extremely boring and a waste of time, but you get participation points if you attend class. A lot of work, and reading to do. Final exam is an essay that took a lot of work and is 35% of your grade. Teacher jumps all over the place while lecturing. Power points are pointless and hard to follow. Do NOT recommend this class!!
Odd class. Lectures jump around a lot. Not the world history I was expecting...it's about globalization and corporations. But if you actually kind of try, it's not hard to get a good grade. He's a pretty fair grader on the essays.
I would not recommend this class to ppl who aren't VERY interested in globalization, history of coporations, and the history of homosexuality. The 4 quizzes are based off of his lectures which he jumps around a lot and talks fast. He can be strict on his rules. Majority of the grade are 2 essays. Gangs of American can be found online in full free
It looks like you either love this class or you hate it. I was personally expecting to learn a lot more from this class, but I did learn how to play suduko in the Daily Aztec. Nobiletti is a genuinely NICE and CARING guy and he is very passionate about what he teaches, but I was practically bored to tears by his lectures. Still ended up with a B.
He is very passionate about the subject he is teaching, he sometimes go off on a tangent about a subject and end up talking about something else. His class is very eye opening since it is never talked about in most history classes.
Very unorganized. A complete scatter brain. Comes to class late, reads off a paper, goes on tangents, and won't answer your emails-- just complains about them all semester. He also waits until a week before it's due to assign a 9pg take-home research paper that ends up being your final. It was an interesting class, but I wouldn't take it again.
most unorganized class i have EVER taken at sdsu. unless you like being completely and utterly confused, do NOT take him. yes, there is hardly any work for it...just a 5 page midterm paper and an 8 page final paper and 10 quizzes (which are easy). he seems like a good guy, but not a good picture!!!!
Completely unorganized. No tests, just quizzes and the assignments are completely useless. He's a really nice guy, but doesnt know how to teach. The final is a take home 8 page paper that has WAYYY too many requirements and is WAYYY too confusing. Dont buy any book for this class, I never read. Recommend another class for upper division GEs
Kind of unorganized. Cool teacher, but wouldn't take him again. Assigns stupid assignments, but no tests, only take home essay tests - 8 page final essay. Class was OK to attend, but was boring on occasions.
He is a cool teacher. He is a bit scattered and goes off topic often. But i enjoyed the class. He gives tons of extra credit and uses a lot of profound language. I recommend this class
pretty easy and simple class, he just lectures the whole time. tests are take home and out of the books, so lectures arent used but still interesting. grade is a few short write-ups, paper, midterm, and final. grades kinda easy. take advantage of lots of extra credit. i never did the readings and only looked at them for the tests, and got a B+.
Frank's class is okay once you can figure everything out from him. He is very confusing and asks for werid assignments. His lectures are boring and dull. I thought it was history of sexuality and it is really gay sexuality. There is extra credit but its time consuming, his whole class. Good luck if u decide to take the class
I was excited to take the class, then found out... The syllabus needs to be deciphered every time you read it. "Requires" only 1 textbook, ended up having to buy 5. Vents about current events and the gov., then rarely allows students to rebut. A bunch of reading/outside videos and lectures are hit and miss if they are relevant to anything.
Nobiletti was by far my least favorite prof. hear at state. He is passionate about his work, but his lectures are extremely boring. If you plan on learning classic history, think again. The millions of books we read were all related to globalization, corporations, and the environment. Tons of reading, and he is often confusing with his assignments.
Extremely boring class, and he only makes it worse. Knows the subject, but class was tedious and you don't learn much.
hes really nice and will let u turn things in pretty much whenever you want..but due dates were confusing he hopped around everywhere. didnt know when quizes were going to be. A lot a lot of reading..most boring/confusing lectures that went from globalization then back to history i love history but his teaching style confused and irratated me
Okay class, but very tedious, focuses on middle classe White US history with tidbit(very little) about other people. Lectures are okay, discussions boring, but easy A. favors students in the sciencesas if science were not philsophy in itself. take Women's St if interested non white sexuality
sooooo confusing. didn't say what was due when and said it was on the syllabus when the syllabus was even more vague. Nice guy but i was always prepared to be surprised with what we had to turn in on any iven day.
Assigns tons and tons of homework. I worked so hard to finish all the stuff he threw out and I still couldn't do it. Ended up talking about other stuff besides history all the time... never tested on stuff he talked about or assigned.
Nice guy, but unorganized. Lots of class notes and gives essay q's before tests
This class is tough. The essays are ridiculous.
lots of busy work with hard mid-terms
Extreme liberal bias, doesn't teach just shows videos
Not very accomidating during pandemic. Big group project, which was very hard due to being online and limited feedback from her. Hard grader with homework. Wish I would have waited to take this class in person because I would have definitely gotten a better grade.
She's one of the professors that I think believes that she's the only class that people are taking. She has three exams (just mc) and two "in-class assessments" which are exams but completely short answer. The two types alternate but occur like every 3 weeks. AND you have to do this huge project with a group she assigns. Should've been easy. but no
Exams are waaaaay too long and everyone always runs out of time. Ripped people apart for the final project & going to class was painful. If you can, avoid taking this class
She is not a good teacher at all, I dreaded going to her class everyday. Tests aren't too horrible but they definitely aren't easy. The final project is difficult. Also, she calls on people randomly in class.
In four years, one of the worst classes I have ever taken. She says she'll go slow and make sure everybody understands everything at the beginning of the semester. However, project and assignment instructions can be extremely vague, and you'll find yourself guessing on what exactly she wants. Work hard and you'll get a B...maybe
Terrible teacher, says the same thing over and over, has no idea how to teach, go to her office hours it's the only thing that will help your grade!
He seemed really cool, but when it comes to grading he is tough. You only have 6 grades in the whole class. I have aced all my english classes in the best and have been told by professors to be an english major, but he told me that I shoud not be able to proceed farther in the Education program and that my papers were terrible.
The readings were interesting and helped with understanding the subject. You can't get away with not reading the material because discussion makes up the majority of the class. He is a very hard grader. Gives lots of feed back on papers but doesn't allow for revisions, which I think is a great disservice.
Prof.White seriously has some anger management issues! She does not explain material very well- She just confuses the class!Here's a tip make a friend in your class, so you can ask someone what the hell is she talkin bout! Tests are pretty easy, she's laid back, and very unapproachable. If she's your only choice good luck.
Professor Martinez does not care about you as a student nor your grade. He only cares about his prestigious as a professor and his own image. Comes off as condescending when his lectures were unorganized. During COVID, the professor was unreachable and did not rely on technology as other professors. Kept blaming internet problems on us.
Worst professor ever. He expect students to know and love politics. He is not open to others opinion is either his way or no way. His standards are wayyy to high. He expects us to study for 7 final essay questions and know all of them because he will pick one randomly. If you want to pass this class TAKE IT WITH ANOTHER PROFESSOR!!
He knows his stuff but he isn't a very nice person. He doesn't get exams back on time and wasn't very understanding or forgiving about personal problems or priorities that arose. He has insanely high standards for his students and loves to show off his own personal achievements. He is easily distracted as well if you bring up a topic he enjoys.
Martinez is the worst grader. He graded one page of my test that was 5 pages, and he gave me a no grade. Secondly, my final paper disappeared and I never knew the grade. I got an A on the other tests by listing all my arguments in the introduction. He is arrogant and more interested in what he is doing rather than taking the time to be a teacher.
bad
Very structured class with excellent lectures. Do the reading, he will call on you with questions. take good notes. He is very liberal. He knows a lot of facts, but he thinks he is a genius. He constantly criticizes the free market system, and adam smith. if you r conservative...be prepared.
I took him for advanced languages 1 and its a challenge. He is very knowledgeable of the material and you need to come to class. He wants us to the class message board. The homework was decent but the exams were difficult. You must pay attention towhat he says cause he make a question on the writing part of the exam.
He has more reviews than any professor at MSU for a reason, he is very polarizing. Which will surprise you because when you first meet him he seems like the nicest professor ever. It kinda seems He he has favorites? (Why) and one time literally ignored me when I said "Hey" to him in McCool. (He was on a crutch for his leg at the time so maybe that?
Extremely smart, but difficult to understand if you're new to the subject. He has "pets" in class that can do no wrong, and others that he seems to ignore. When asking for help outside of class, he makes you feel as though you're stupid and wasting his time. I think he's extremely smart, but has difficulty relating to students.
Oh, Thom, how you made my life miserable. American Politics involved a lot of reading which is necessary to pass the exams. Take all of the notes that you can manage and don't slack. I only got through this class thanks to group study sessions at the end of the semester.
His lectures are actually incredibly interesting and he gives you more insight to the political system than most professors do. However, he acts like everyone is a poli sci major and expects you to know more than you really do. If you're in JMC and taking american politics for credit, I would suggest taking someone else
~100 pages of reading a week from the texts. Some essays I thought I did great on and did poorly, others were the opposite, it seemed impossible to predict. Feedback was given in the form of a list of expectations rather than a critique of individual work. I didn't think it was a bad class, but I would not suggest it to most students.
I took Public Policy with Yantek when everyone told me not too. I thought I wanted a challenge, and I got one. His class is incredibly difficult but I learned so much. I also adore him as a professor and a person. He's a rough but if you actually go into class with an open mind you'll reap the benefits. I still keep in contact with him. Great man.
Extremely rude and disrespectful. Uses his own opinion to grade rather than being open to differing viewpoints. Doesn't give constructive criticism but rather tries to break you down on every mistake. Grades very harsh on grammatical errors even when his own lectures are filled with errors as well. Avoid any class with this instructor.
This guy is super hard, you have to read absolutely everything. I had him for public policy which is an intro level class and he taught and expected us to think like we were in a graduate level class, for someone with no knowledge before hand I would definitely suggest not taking him.
People dont like Yantek because he's a tough grader and he doesn't tell students what they want to hear. Read the text, participate in class, and bust your rear on anything he assigns and ask him anything you don't understand. He's actually a GREAT teacher. A's are possible. I'm proof.
This class is EXTREMELY hard.If you are a JMC student and taking this to fulfill a requirement, DO NOT! It might be easier if you are a political science major, but otherwise no. You HAVE to go to class and turn in homework, which is 65% of your grade. Sounds easy,right? Nope. You have to get exact correct answers in order to receive credit.
This professor is one of the most intelligent guys that you will ever meet, to bad that is overshadowed by his lack of teaching ability,nit picking and corniness. He is not very enjoyable. The class is already hard and he makes it 10x harder than it already is. If you want to protect your GPA don't take him. Your Lucy if you get a C.
I thought this class would help me to make a decision on republican or democratic, but he thinks that republicans cause all problems. He is very biased and hates America. He doesn't like an discussion. Had to read 5 books and the exams were all abt lecture and books. This is the hardest class ever. DO NOT EVER TAKE THIS CLASS WITH YANTEK!!!!!!!!!!!
Absolute worst professor I have ever had. Against discussion, he lectures with weighted charts and graphs that knock anything conservative and praise anything progressive (and socialist). While he should be presenting unbiased information to let students make their own decisions about it, he preaches his own opinions. STAY AWAY!!!!
Forces you to learn. Very difficult but cool.
If youre a republican...stay away. he uses old statistics and crappy books to prove his points and the tests are way to hard.
This man is a socialist--the course in itself is interesting, but do not expect to get your questions answered during class. He will never acknowledge you if you raise your hand for a question.
Not the worst prof I've had but definitely difficult. Flies through lecture slide, doesn't post them online and doesn't allow you to take picture. iClicker questions graded for right or wrong. Only one exam, final containing less than 30 questions. Explains concepts fairly well. Pushes student question off to TAs. A do-able class with effort.
She makes economics boring
A lot of work, not open for questions, have to go to TA, she will not answer questions
For a 8 am class tries to keep it pretty interesting. VERY passionate about subject matter. Go to lectures because material not in books will be on the exams. Take notes, read the books, and save exams and you'll be fine. Seven Open Book/Open Note True-False exams & no homework.
The required textbook was edited by him and has several typos. His lectures are loud and obnoxious. He's rude. The tests are all true/false, watch out for the wording. While attendance is optional, he adds a lot of stuff in the lectures that you can't get from the book. My advice, do not take a class with this prof.
Tests are hard to understand.
He seems like a very nice guy, but he repeats all of his stories a million times. Plus, his stories never seem to relate to the topic. They are so long that by the time he is done, I cant remember what he was talking about. However I do have to say that the class is really not hard. If you read the book and come to class, you should have no problem
Class is aweful, I study forever for the exams and still dont do well. Guy is extreamly hard to understand and will screw you on the exams. SWITCH OUT OF THIS CLASS. I have 4. in every class but in his and have a 2.0
he repeats himself like 50 times, he is obsessed with stating tremendously large exaggerative vocab words, it would be understandable if he talked like that on the regular, but i guess if you feel because you are an prof, you have to be extraordinarily hard on purpose, but not all profs can do that. Its a fine line between not being cont...
HAWAII. thats all you need to know.
Alem Kebede is an OK professor for SOC2018. I cannot speak on how his other courses are like, but SOC2018 has to be one of the hardest courses I have ever taken. The reading material seems like it is meant for doctoral scholars and he gives no clear direction on how he wants papers written. The class is only graded on 7 tests and 7 response papers.
Its clearly obvious he knows his material, however he is unclear with his criteria from the book report to the exams, power points have nothing to do with exams, he is also too busy talking about how he runs from cheetahs and had a hard life as a student, and things are easier for students now. Cant escape him he is the only one who teaches 301/302
Talks too fast. NOT ORGANIZED! Goes all over the place with his lecture.
His ego precedes his intelligence. Takes it as a personal offense if the class doesn't do well. Good humor, bad teaching. Whatever floats your boat with this one.
I couldn't stand him. I hated him and his class so much that i never wanted to go. I don't like people who think their the**** and just so funny. And thats how he is. He's think's he's just so cool. Tests are hard too. He gives out a study guide but half of it isn't even on the test!
I was very interested in Euro Civ going into the class, but rather than focusing on things as a whole, we held debates about 4-5 specific occurences in all of the Euro history after the 16th century. The text was stiff and hard to get through. He knew what he was talking about, but in the end, I only cared whether or not it'd be on the test (which were often filled with unexpected essay Q's, and I only passed using my BSing skills)
He is an ideologue and is there to push his liberal agenda.
he is a okay professor, he is understanding, but his test are pretty complicated. You have to memorize alot of people.
Isn't clear on quizzes and tests. Nice guy, bad consistency. Not a good choice if you care about your grade at all.
Great professor, if you're into not being able to think critically for yourself. She wants you to regurgitate everything she and the text says WORD for WORD on her tests. Treats a flexible subject like a hard science. Do not even try to challenge her theories. Not the most pleasant professor either on an individual basis. Pass on her by all means.
Probably a better teacher if you take the class on the Bakersfield campus, but over ITV, she is not that good. She paid more attention to that side of the campus then the AVC. When there was interference on our side, she would not repeat her lecture. Hopefully a better teacher on the Bakerfield campus.
Her test are all essay and you have to write them exaclty how she lectured it. She has answer sheet for the essay exams. I don't think that makes sense it is not a multiple choice test.
Easy B. Almost impossible to receive an A unless if youre his favorite. Test are easy, paper isnt too bad just repetitive. Should take for easy B.
This was an interesting class but he's a bit confusing. Glazer expects his students to be very specific but he isn't at all. Exams are easy as long as you study what is stated on the study guide. BE VERY SPECIFIC ON THE ESSAYS! (give examples) Other than that, this class is an easy B and very difficult A.
he grades really hard if you show up to class and do all the assignments you'll get a B an A is really hard though. he doesn't like anything you do even if you do exactly what he tells you to do he will still find a problem with it. He makes everyone in the class know eachother which was cool. The exams are really easy!! You get to take in notes
This guy lacked cander as well as excitement for the lessons he drudgingly teaches. In addition, he was vague about every assignment and exam. And while some may not care, he doesn't even have any real-world experience in the field of management.
Lazy teacher. Very critical. Most likely will receive a B, lots of work.
Teacher is super shady with grading. Very vague with instructions. He appears "laid back", but really just dislikes any commitment or confrontation prefers the word "Hmmmmm". In the end he's all about the B. I prefer the A and he basically refuses to give these on papers, projects and assignments
lousy instructor. too much emphasis on group presentation and stupid self-assessment paper. if you don't tell him what he wants to hear, he marks you down. tough mid-term, but allows page of notes. take home is long, but better than in class.
Professor is on a 'power' trip and grades subjectively. Group work with a presentation on a chapter. Essay exams - plan to do a lengthy papers for a decent grade (30+ pages). Same concepts at MGT350.
VERY VERY VAGUE INSTRUCTOR!!! GRADES SUBJECTIVELY!!! WANT PAPER DONE HIS WAY OR ELSE YOUR GRADE WILL BE AFFECTED! STUPID ASSIGNMENTS WHERE YOU GO AGAINST YOUR CLASSMATES FOR POINTS!
something gets lost in the translation
He hardly taught us anything in the class. Most of the time he was in the back, just watchin, or he was sitting in his office.
This guy musta changed his attitude, he was really rude when I had him in W98
The quizzes suck. You buy this $80 non-refundable "clicker" that you use to get MAYBE 50% of the questions right on a good day. Quizzes are also 50% of the grade, have nothing to do with our notes, and are not talked about in the lecture. The grading scale is knocked down 10% to make up for things though. (ex. an 80% = A, 70%=B, etc)
Having had computers in High School and using my home computer I felt often times as I knew more than her. She often answered questions incorrectly.
Seems to have an attitude
The weekly write ups (kinda like quizes) are the hardest part of this class. The 1st half of the term, the prompts come from something he talked about in lecture the previous week (expect something he took a little extra time explaining). For the 2nd half, it's easier because you can prepare something before you come to class.
His attempt to teach you how to think is really just substituting your own thoughts for those of others. Essay prompts are vague. His attempt at "clarity" is poor because he tends to focus greatly on the specifics and not enough on the general picture, which is crucial since the whole semester revolves around only about 6 central questions.
Different teaching style. Interesting because he wants you to think (not just memorize from texts). Lectures are confusing b/c he relates things to random topics. Homework and studying seemed endless. Make sure you have pleanty of time for this class!
His class was very interesting. A lot of his prompts were somewhat vague but only because he was trying to enforce original thought. I liked his class because he introduced some really great ideas and actually made his students use their brains and think.
I liked Dr. Y's approach at teaching, he teaching from multiple points of view. Doesn't just shove it down your throat. Midterm and final he lets you use a cheat sheet, but the exams are VERY vague. He will answer questions, be prepared to come to class everyday and do the reading ahead of time. Like others said, easy B, hard A.
He's interesting to listen to in lecture but the midterm and final are both vague essay questions. "the greater truth of this debate is..." and that's it. Make sure to do the outside reading and do well on the take home essay.
he doesn't really speakabout how to teach history. Class was very frustrating and the outside work more on his personal belief not what he tells us in class. History paper was redicoulse!!! Write a play sounds easy but unclear. Repeat over and over. I love history and He drained my passion for it.
Not your typical history class. He is very passionate about this subject. But classes seemed to take forever, due the how boring and information the material was. Uses retarded metaphors for every thing. The quizes are dumb because you just have to memorize the answers before hand, and you do a lot of busy HW. Hard grader.
At frist I thought his class was going to be very entertaining but it turned out to be the most boring thing I have ever taken. I spent most of the time zoneing out because he tended to talk about the stupidiest things. When trying to talk to him about grades he was sometimes un prepaird and offered little insight. Never had the up to date grades!!
Not your typical history class. Presents both sides of issues and forces you to take an opinion. For the midterm and the final, you have to write an essay. No memorization of facts or dates. Plus, a 3-5 page paper due on the day of the final. Very time consuming class, would not recommend taking this professor.
I'm a huge history fan, but this class just didn't fit my needs. It's not so much an informative class, it's more philosophical. There's a few reading quizes and group assignments and for the midterm/final you get a cheat sheet! But be careful, there's TONS of reading...
lectures on how to interpret info in book which is kinda weird. midterm and final are essays- he gives 8 questions for each that he focuses on answering in his lectures. then he chooses 2 for the exam and you write on 1 of them- you also can have a page of notes that can be typed and have as much info as u can fit on it- he doesnt look at it
I didnt really like his teaching style. I wish we had a review day before the final.
Very enthusiastic teacher but his lectures are filled with confusing and vague analogies. Offers help during his office hours. Be sure to read the assigned reading, even if you don't understand the lectures!
he's a nice guy- he's very funny...but i don't really have a clue as to what i'm learning. very abstract lectures and confusing. like the other person said- pages of notes, but don't know what they mean. he is good at bringing history alive and trying to have u look at other sides/perpectives.
I know ur reading this Dr.Y(he does)He will tell u he talks in CODE&yes he does!there r easy quizzes/essay mid&final&paper.class deals w/controversial issues-repub vs democ/some racial iss/don't let it get 2 u/he trips over attendance!hes kinda HOT&looks young,but hes old n married(gota cal him Dr!)
this guy write his own reviews. don't take him!!!! he's****ty, awful, ignorant, and an ass. DON'T BELIEVE THE OTHER REVIEWS
First off, he is NOT hot. That said, he has a very interesting perspective of what Western Civ is. Most other History professors probably wouldn't agree with him. Leaves out pretty major portions of history. Keeps it interesting, but leaves stuff out.
Well, I got a very low grade in his class because his hotness distracted me, and his lectures did not inspire me
too easy, doesn't seem qualified to be teaching, not learning much
Took him in first 8 block, at first when ECU was hybrid he didn't want us emailing him and only do in person chats even though the class was online. Had homework but it wasn't graded so no one did it. Only grades were the midterm and final. If you got 100 on the final then you got 100 in the class. If it wasn't online would've definitely been rough
I'm sure he's a good teacher during normal circumstances, but completing this class required me to go to the post office to mail a scantron, which was inconvenient and somewhat concerning during the pandemic. I will say, the letter he sent out using Hamlet quotes to complain about air conditioning was hilarious, though, so that was cool I guess?
Okay he is not hot...but yeah he has a dirty mouth..be prepared. I did enjoy the glass for the most part. I think it was better then taking some other boring elective like art history. Also, he told me I was going to fail because I didn't know this one answer and I totally got an A.
The class may be easy/simple, but that doesn't help the fact that he is probably the rudest person I have ever met in my life! He thinks its fun to embarrass people in class. If you have a question to ask him, just spare yourself the humiliation and ask someone else.
He is the most arrogant professor I have ever had at ECU. I did good in the class but, I dont feel like I learned anything because I had to focus on the the one word that I would be getting called on instead of paying attention in class. I do not recommend him at all! I think all the good things about him on Rate my Professor, he wrote.
Took this class in the fall of 2009 and ended up failing. Went to every class, even office hours and math tutoring but still failed. Crammer is not very good with helping in class. Go to office hours if you really need him. Also, keep a copy of your homework. He's not the neatest & lost about 3 weeks of my hw and refused to give me credit for them.
I don't know what I did wrong in life but ending up with this professor was a terrible thing to happen to me. Homework is out of the book and from old test problems, but you wont get the right answers so studying is that much harder.
He speeds through class like he only has 2 min left. For some strange reason he is constantly out of breath, and if we slow down class by asking questions he just quits answering them and moves on. Collects, grades, and re-grades homework and effort. Not easy class.
Dr. Crammer is a nice guy, but he is beyond hard. Better be prepared to write like no tomorrow. Hint, get on his good side early, because he will fail you. I've never failed with him, though.
Stay away! Gives 4hr tests in a 2hr time slot. Takes lots of work to get an A.
Makes things much harder than they need to be. By the end of the semester he didn't even ask us to turn in homework, because he knew none of us could figure it out and do it.
He's nice and funny, but he needs to have a better assignment submission system. I'm not the best test-taker and the only thing in the gradebook are our exams. I don't understand his lectures, he doesn't make much sense. We need more practice work :/ I'm interested in majoring in Computer Science but this class makes me feel like I shouldn't.
His lectures are very unorganized and long b/c he repeats the same thing over and over. It's hard to follow along and take notes, and we didn't use any textbook so it was hard to do the homework. He doesn't tell you the grading scale. Tests were difficult. Attendance is used as quiz points and sometimes extra credit.
takeTooMuchTimeOnSomething&wontGet2thePT.until10minL8er, coding wierd?
She's a decent Professor but is not the best at teaching the subject matter. Most of the test questions are out of left field. Mandatory attendance with severe grade penalties if you skip class.
She is the worst teacher i've ever had. She plays favorites and grades everything differently. There is no organization to her class and lectures and if you try to talk to her about something wrong with your grade she tells you your wrong right away. I thought it was going to be fun because its a class about fairytales but it was so lame. horrible!
It is my belief that this teacher is one of the worst in the language department at SDSU. She is confusing, explains things very poorly, has no continuity in her lesson plans, and is big on playing favorites. She is completely biased in her grading and is responsible for constructing a terrible language program that is as random as it is confusing.
Very confusing, no clear form. If you aren't Russian, it's very difficult to follow cause she jumps from one thing to another w/o any connections, if you are, too bad 4 u, she'll pick on u. Bad eye contact w/ students. Tests aren't easy and studyguides don't have all information - just footnotes.
This is the most boring class I have ever taken and I'm Russian. She gets distracted easily and is just so damn boring. There are 2 tests and 1 research paper. The book is only $20 and is really interesting. It's just to bad that she sucks at teaching.
I dropped out of SJSU because of her. Not only she doesn't know how to teach, she will literally demolish your interest/confidence/life in CS with her harsh coursework and grading. I can expect this kind of workload in an UC campus, not in MacQuarrie Hall.
Mean.
Unfair.. Very frustated.
Take him for Spanish maybe but extremely confusing and unclear for anything pedagogy... may know his stuff but does not convey it well.
Completely clueless about applying methods for FL teaching in public schools. Thus, his class was not worth much.
If you haven't had any Spanish, don't take this "beginners" class at CC. It's really for people with a background in Spanish. If you do, don't take any other classes with it...
Seems like a bright and nice guy but not really much of a teacher, to be honest; focused on telling you what to think than teaching you how to think. Tends to favor a handful and is condescending to the rest (I was one of the handful, but it's embarrassing). Doesn't actually seem to like teaching or his students much, which might be why he's chair.
McClish will ruin your love for writing, and he's one of the heads of RWS! He's a rule's man who worships the worst kind of academic writing. His ideas and methods will bog you down. No heart or spine. Look at how many comments on this page he had to have erased. That tells it all.
Typical, corporate man. More for the administration than the students. The polar opposite of a "Dead Poet's Society" type professor. McClish will NEVER stand behind his students if it means causing waves in RWS.
careful, he prejudges students
Dr. Bloem is nice as a person but is not very good when it comes to teaching. You can tell she has a passion for the subject and knows a lot about the books that you read, but she does not make her expectations clear at all and does not give out rubrics. As such you often get much lower grades than you expected to get and have no idea why
She's very nice, and attendance is mandatory, but I didn't learn much in her class. She talks alot and her lectures don't seem very helpful if you plan on being a teacher. She is a tough grader, and even if she tells you that you did a really good job that means you might had a B or lower. Her quizes are specific and her insturctions are not clear.
Not organized, errors in her paperwork, when reading a book--expects students to remember the same things she does about it. No clear idea of what she wants for project, like a rubric, doesn't go over directions well. Get ready to read about 13 books actually.
Lots of group projects, no idea what your graded on, very disorganized, scattered, overwhelming, tons and tons of reading, plan on ten books at the least, it's like craming for a final all semester long.
Profosser Bloem is incredibly sweet and caring, but I truly never knew what the heck was going on in her class. Expectations are never discussed and I was always confused about how she was able to go from one unrelated topic to another. Would not take again.
Not a mean woman, but her way is the only way. Don't mention your thoughts unless they match up perfectly with hers, and don't mention Harry Potter or Disney. She doesn't know what she wants and an A paper will be lucky to get a B. She grades you down for sounding like you know your subject and deducts points for going long on a presentation.
If you have the chance to get a teacher other than Prof Bloem, do it! When the class started it seemed promising, but after awhile it really became more of a chore than anything else. She stresses Middle Eastern culture and geography too much. You will have geography quizzes. She is not clear on what she wants from you on papers. Tough grader!
Worst class I've had in a long time. She is completely an arbitrary grader and her assignments are unclear. Half the time you don't even realize you have an assignment. Large amount of work for little reward.
buried us in reading and writing, no time for other classes. grade depends on details, details, details!
She is a tough grader. Makes it harder then it needs to be.
she picks out favorite students. doesn't teach how she is teaching you to teach
Donny's lecture approach is probably the least effective one I've encountered; even though the class consist mostly of coding on a computer, we learn how to do so passively via watching him doing it on computer or writing it on blackboard. The exams are easy to average, but the labs can give you a headache if you procrastinate. Overall a C+ teacher
Class is not too difficult. He will grade very harshly on 10 point assignments but lighter on 100 point assignments. Read the book for full understanding and find a friend who is naturally good at this kind of stuff. You can miss 4 classes without grade penalty
if you put any effort into the projects you should do well though he does occassionally take off for things he never talked about. tests aren't very difficult. weird sense of humor but not funny. extremely biased which can work for and against you.
Great guy, but a bad professor. He doesnt care if you learn the material or not. USE THE OFFICE HOURS and he'll help you tremendously!
He hates to help people, and you WILL need help with his confusing teaching style. He covers things quickly and lets class out early, if you didn't memorize everything you're screwed. You'll need to teach yourself, using the book.
get help - he'll do the program for you but you won't learn
ok, kind of distant
I really have no idea how this man's mind works. The class is easy--TAs do all the grading and the standards aren't terribly high--but I'm not sure how much I actually *learned* from it. If you want to take a fluff class with some friends, this is the it.
nice lady but her lessons are useless; you need to know the stuff before you even get there. Hires some good AIs but some are lousy and look like she took them bc they did past classes with her. Assumes you've learned stuff that you haven't.
She comes off like a nice person but her explanations are absolutely terrible as the slides are next to useless bc of how many steps they skip. The AIs she hires are OK, tho many seem like diversity hires, TBH.
Took C211 and C212 with suzanne..she really enjoys what she does, however the class is so boring you'll fall asleep every lecture. If you're a full time student you'll be spending every waking hour doing all of the homework assignments, if not stressing about them. workload is way too much for both c211 and c212
Very poor instructor. Caters almost solely to beginner programmers, ignoring those who have had prior programming experience. Coursework is pointless and have no real world applications other than to try and teach the language. Discourages thinking 'outside the box', instead mandating that students use only what code she has taught thus far.
one foxy momma
He is not great at explaining things. You will rely on the textbook, classmates, or SICE tutors when you're confused. He has plenty of office hours available but he can be kind of... aggressive. He allows you to make up any HW and retake tests so it is possible to get 100 in the class. Beware: to make up HW you must write the entire code by hand.
Much of what is covered in lecture is not related remotely to the homework or exams, which tend to follow the textbook, so if you decide to take a class with him, make sure to read the textbook and understand it. If I had done so from the beginning, I have no doubt I could've received an A on this class, even as someone without any Java experience.
His lectures were scattered, unfocused, and generally incomprehensible, but I heard he was helpful if you asked him outside of class. We never got a single grade for anything and I actually stopped turning in assignments half way through and still got a B. He was nice and entertaining but not very effective.
rambles on and on but is quite funny. didn't really understand much. grade was based on "a conversation to understand if you understood much during the semester" very helpful has office hours like everyday
He's very willing to help you but he's not particularly clear with his help. It's hard to really understand him unless you're willing to put in the time or energy. I spent a lot of time in his office talking, but I would not work with him again.
His grading style was not fair, seemed to care more about whether your opinion matched his rather than that of a true study of the Word. Also seemed pretty unapproachable.
Teaches off a overhead and reads off an outline every single class. Class is not engaging and if you struggle focusing, this class is not for you. If you attend class he will tell you what is on the test, however, I still found the test to be quite difficult despite attending over 90% of classes.
Joseph is outdated, 240 is unreasonably weighted solely on exams (cumulative final is 50% of your grade), assigns an insane amount of reading and problems, and emails you EVERY SINGLE DAY just babbling on because he has no life. I took his online FIL240, which is VERY dry material, & the pace and his expectations were not worth finishing my minor.
This class is very difficult due to his teaching style. He makes things confusing and tries to overly explain topics. He is set in stone in his old ways and does not try new things. I personally would not take a class with him ever again.
Lectures are very boring and he literally just reads off an outline (which are pages long). I haven't even taken my first test yet, and I am already regretting taking this class with him. Brings in grad assistant to "baby sit" 20-22 year olds, ridiculous. He always says we're boring, when in reality its him that's boring. DO NOT TAKE this class.
If you are not an accounting or finance major you will find his class very difficult. The textbook isnt required but he gives outlines that are 20-50 pages in length that he expects you to read before class. He gives out practice problems w/OVERLY detailed explanations that will leave you confused rather than actually understand the information.
Joey T is a super nice guy but this class is BRUTAL. The only grades that he gives are based off of 3 exams. 3. No homework, no quizzes, no projects. Only 3 grades that make up the whole semester. If you do bad on ONE EXAM you can fail the class. I highly regret taking this professor.
Prof Tref is a great guy, but only that. His teaching style isnt helpful. You end up doing all of the work by yourself. Youre graded only on 4 tests. By far the hardest class Ive taken.
Joey T - extremely good guy, did not care for him as a prof. He curves the hell out of grades, in reality I got a 50 something in his class but wound up with a C. First test is easy but the next two are very tough. I tried his office hours but his issue is when I ask him a question he'll answer that question but also 1000 other ones I didnt ask
The class could be completed in a few days. It is based on roughly 10 equations. He drags this out for an entire semester. Just study his practice problems. I sat through Medieval Christianity for a semester but could not bear to sit through this class. Class is him telling unfunny jokes and no work is actually done. Easy A or B
Don't take unless you are or a Finance major. Extremely unfair class for those who will have little use for material. Teaches everything yet tests over very little. tests are only 20-24 questions each worth upwards of 5 points, no partial credit is awarded. The fact that he needs a steep curve to keep a decent amount of passing(c)grades is absurd.
Borringgggg class. Bla bla bla stare at my microsoft word documents for 1 hour 20 minutes each day cuz he holds you late almost every day. If it wasnt for his curve on the tests most people would have gotten D's or F's.
"WORK THE PROBLEMS" This is the best advice I can give anyone. If you can complete and understand the practice problems he gives without looking at your notes you should do well on his exams. Try not to get behind on the material and go to class, even if it does start to become boring or confusing.
Tests are super hard. Hardest class i've ever taken. Very Enthusiastic however! He wiLL try to convert you to be a finance major! Other instructor is 100% easier and if your looking for an instructor do NOT choose this one. Classes are 300+ students multiple choice tests are not hand graded and there is no partial credit. NO Extra credit given
I would say the number one indicator for success in this class is attendance. The first test I fared well with an A, and as my attendance dropped, my grades did as well. If you don't go to class, at least make sure you have someone who does go so you can know what to expect on the test. I winded up with a C because I never knew the test questions.
The people who like this class and like this teacher have to be finance nerds who eat, sleep and breathe this stuff. Take Smalls, she may be very strict but you will actually learn stuff in her class and have a chance at passing rather than this guy who laughs when he tells us he likes to try and trick us on the tests and not to fall into his traps
his way of teaching is just reading word for word what is on the paper you print out anyways. doesn't work any problems but just shows the worked problems on the overhead that you have on paper. takes attendance. not very good but its FIL240 there isn't really anybody better to take.
He is a big dork...some of his jokes are funny but some of them are just so stupid
Almost never clearly stated homework and study requirements. Often confused HIMSELF with his lectures. Never put grades up on Blackboard. We were given 2 writing assignments, and I doubt they were ever read-I missed 1/4 of the points because of formatting issues, even though the format required was never specified.
Very difficult class, classes are mandatory, but most of the lecture exams are over the book's content. PLEASE read the assigned book chapters multiple times, use quizlet, and go to office hours. Lab is ridiculously hard and you have to cram for every quiz, sometimes right after lecture exams over different content, prepare to put in the work!
His exams are based on the book and I found that the actual lectures he taught weren't very helpful for exams. So to do well on the lecture exams, read the assigned book chapters multiple times. Lab is by far the most difficult portion of the class. If you intend to do well in this class, be prepared to put in 30 hours of studying a week minimum.
Focus more on lecture than lab if you can. Tests can be difficult if you allow them to be. I seriously recommend studying from day 1 of learning content, whether it would be for lab or lecture. Make sure to read the book on top of his notes, find quizlets, and do mastering (book) questions. Extra credit helps out, talk to TAs as much as possible.
Lab is horrible, you put your entire life on hold for this class. You practically have to brain dump and have no time to retain lab content. His exams are based on the book but attendance is still required. Don't think about getting sick because you're still required to go, even on your death bed. lecture is Ok.
Anytime that you email him, you will get a paraphrased response back of what you just sent him. If you want help, go to his office hours and be prepared to be talked down to and sent out the door feeling like you accomplished nothing. The only way to pass this class is with the test files. more test filesbetter grade.
Science classes do not come easy to me at all and neither did this one, I worked really hard for that C and honestly super proud of it. It's a really hard class but you learn so much!! Go to class he gives out extra credit.
VERY DEMANDING PROFESSOR. He expects a lot from his students. Take an easy course load while in this class. Basically all your focus for an entire semester goes to studying for anatomy. Do not fall behind in lab.. there is a lot of material and studying is mandatory if you want to pass. His test questions come from lecture and book.
Short tempered. Made fun of a student for not knowing what an atom was.
Dr.Caire should stick to teaching upper level classes..He is way to difficult of a teacher when it comes to a General Bio. class. You don't really need the book if you take good notes! The test were HARD, about 100 questions each time. AND NO quizzes. The homework was so simple but I think he could have toned down the difficulty of the exams.
I had this man in 1974 for Chemistry. I can't believe he is still teaching...I felt the same way then at these students feel now. Too bad there wansn't a more enthusiastic teacher, I might have learned something...
Worst lectures ever! Read the book and skip his class for a decent grade.
I really did not enjoy this. If I was ever struggling with my verbal skills she would call me out and make me feel stupid for getting something wrong or not understanding. I've always been an excellent Spanish student so this was disappointing. I also felt like she didn't personally like me, and so she gave me a bad grade. I would not recommend.
Very easy class. He lays out exactly what you need to do for each assignment and as long as you do that, he'll give you 100 for it. Very helpful and understanding but the lectures can be a bit boring - he over-explains. Really nice guy though and an easy A. Definitely recommend him to get this class out of the way.
hard to follow. hard to listen to.
dose not like to help
regurgitates the book in lecture, assignments are confusing. Good guy, vry smart
Ken is very stuck up and not very friendly
I bet Chavez would be a fun guy to get a drink with, but as a professor, I'm not a fan. He regularly shows up 5-10 minutes late to class and doesn't adequately describe projects, due dates and expectations. Also, it seems like the best way to get on his good side is to be a pretty girl. Manny loves to chat up the blondes.
This class was pretty rough. He tends to show up late and drone on about irrelevant topics. It's already hard enough to pay attention to a 3 hour night class. The tests and quizzes are insanely hard at the beginning but get more manageable so everyone doesn't fail. Grades are never put in. He also calls on you randomly.
You must agree with everything she says. In fact, she will embarrass you in public if you drop her class. Has one way of looking at feminism--the poor hurt victim stance. Still, tests are easy and she gives you the essays ahead of time
This guy is completely full of himself. He doesn't really "know" more about rock and roll than a person who just read a bunch of wikipedia articles. Take all the rock and roll classes taught by Glenn Gass, but ignore this one. The guy is kind of a jerk and even gets facts wrong (I caught him on one and he barely admitted he was wrong).
Make sure your assignments on time because he does not tolerate late work.
the class is solid.
Nice guy and u learn sum interesting things but the tests he gives r rediculously hard, at least half of the questions on the tests were not covered in the notes or reading. U get easy pts 4 attendance and hw assignments but the tests really hurt ur grade. Advice u to skip his class if u can.
While Professor Head is a great person and the movies we watched were fun, the class was a bit tougher than expected. He didn't really teach as much as he talked about random things in class. Also the exams were hard and focused on specific things from the movies and readings that made it difficult to remember.
He is funny and nice and his lectures are entertaining but his tests are worded weird and tricky.
do not take this class if you don't have to. he tries to be funny in class but for me his jokes were redundant and dull being so early in the morning. The tests are hard and tricky. This is not an easy class. I would not recommend it for people looking for an easy class.
not too respectful of others; kinda full of himself sometimes; funny though.
Whitmer is not a good professor. He doesn't actually teach the programming language that he is supposed to be teaching and expects you to know everything already and will give homework about topics without actually teaching you how to do it. He also will creepily stare at you for like 5 minutes while he is talking about something.
He is an okay professor at best, his biggest downfall in my eyes is the way he runs his class. I had to take two of his classes during the COVID online class period. I can conclude this professor should not teach an online class, everything about how he runs an online class is rough. Its his way or the highway, he doesn't care why you had problems.
a real jackass to students and is incredibly unsympathetic to any problems or absences. big on the buzz words in cs.
I took this class in 2022, and she had a mask mandate for the class, which I did appreciate. She was insanely knowledgeable on these topics (ancient plagues), but the lectures were hard to follow and very long-winded. Our grade consisted of 14 papers, and that was it. No final. It worked well for me. Just read the paper and submit yours.
The most boring, unclear professor I've had during my college career. She's so smart yet has no idea how to teach. If the course had been structured better, students could get more out of it. However, we had 10 papers and 3 tests along with hours of reading. The entire class feels kind of like a fever dream.
Hard Professor. Hard class. Very Boring. Teaches using a chalkboard and projector. Notes are handwritten on what she says. Tests impossible for a 100 level class. Don't take, trust me, I'm a 4.0 student and I dropped this class.
Knows her stuff but her attitude towards students is strange.
She makes this class very boring.
She does not enjoy her work, but you can make the best of her class in this way: 1) Record every lecture & re-listen while walking. 2) Go to her office with a well-prepared list of questions and make a good show of writing down what she says. She will then think of you as the good student you are, and that will boost your grade at least a point.
Fun class, just a terrible grade system where the only grades are 3 exams.
She's just OK - nothing better nothing worse.
Hes alright...kinda unclear at times
This class is a joke, seriousally! Not an easy A and very unclear all the time
He is very disorganized and unclear. That being said, I think his heart is in the right place and I can see he likes the subject he teaches. It was not easy to ask questions in class and he would get annoyed somewhat by them. The tests were not that easy but the assignments were a breeze.
Oh boy. I liked Dr. Hanson mainly because he's a goofball. We barely had class but when we did we didn't really do anything in them. We had 3 simple papers to write and I got a B on all of them. Very very easy teacher. He's so clumsy it's hilarious. But overall I didn't really learn anything from him. If you want an easy A I would take him.
While I think he is a funny guy, I definitely do not recommend taking his class. He is extremely hard to understand and most of the time is never clear about what he wants from you. He often cancels class so you can meet with him about papers, which is highly unnecessary.
Easy. 3 papers. Open book quizzes, doesn't grade hard. I had the 50 minute class and he only kept us the whole 50 minutes like 5 times. Even though it is easy, he is extremely frustrating. He doesn't answer emails and isn't clear on anything. He takes a while to grade. Always have at least 3 quotes in each essay or you lose a letter grade.
He is very disorganized but pretty lenient all the same. Very easy class and the material is interesting. I took his 3-hour class and towards the end he drags it out for no reason. Tests aren't easy but the small papers you have to write are easy. I would take him again.
He is the absolute worst writing teacher. He does not give back any papers throughout the semester so you are completely unaware of your grade. He is so hard to understand and the comments he writes on your paper do not make any sense. AVOID HIM and do anything you can to switch your teacher if you get placed with him.
Nice guy, bad teacher. His heavy accent makes it hard to understand him, and he is utterly disorganized. Workload is easy, in-class assignments and not much homework, but I would recommend a different professor if possible.
Nice guy, but the most unorganized teacher I have ever had.
Dr. Hanson is a nice guy, but he is very boring to listen to and very unorganized. His assignments are so tedious and make me want to drop my Journalism minor.
You will love Kitz at first, but then the rest of the semester drags on. His lectures don't really contain a lot of great information, but you have to go to them because there is attendance and he picks random things from his lectures to put on the test. He often rambles and doesn't convey a lot of interesting information, going off on tangents.
Asks "bad" questions on exams; questions are poorly worded or irrelevant. This can be very frustrating.
Not a helpful professor. He wants you to read the whole textbook but he doesn't test you on all and he doesn't tell you which parts can be ignored. you always have tons of chapters to read. His PPTs are not organized at all. He also wastes a lot of time on clicker questions. Don't even bother to go to his office hours, he's even worse one on one!
All he does for this class is send lecture videos that he recorded during covid times that connect to a powerpoint. He seems nice enough, but his class is a joke. His discussion sections are painful to sit through as they are not even with him, they are with a TA, and our discussion TA was god awful. Super easy A, but a drag. Dont buy the textbook!
I'm not going to say he's a bad professor, but I won't say he's great either. He can be a bit abrasive at times and his lectures weren't great. A265 is an easy class, but I didn't feel like it was worth my time or money. He's passionate about what he does which is awesome, but I don't think I would recommend taking a class with him.
Extremely inconsistent teacher with his lectures vs. the textbook and real time. Exams are easy but confusing at the same time, as there are often no clear and concise answers. Easy class, but not easy to receive an A in.
Doc can be a very confusing professor because he teaches us information from his research findings that often varies from what you would find on the internet or in the textbook (he doesn't write his own book). For example, he told us the number of NCAA teams participating in D1 athletics, but both the textbook and the NCAA's website had different #
Doc's a great guy but not a great teacher. He talks about himself alot, but at least in AAADA-264, it doesn't detract from the material. What detracts from the material is the material itself, as it's often self-conflicting, vague, and clearly just copied-&-pasted off of Wikipedia of the like. Tests are multiple choice and weirdly worded, but easy.
EASY A! Do not buy the book. He wrote it but you will not use it. I didn't crack it open all semester. Class is boring- most people don't go and don't need to. Tests are often very awkwardly worded and confusing but it is still an easy A
horrible boring class. he loves himself way to much. don't bother buying the book or even going to class. all his lectures are online. if u study for half hour before the test you'll get an A
Doc Sailes loves Doc Sailes. If you want to hear him talk about how awesome he is and how many amazing connections he has, by all means go to class. He fits right in with those motivational speakers they send to middle schools.
Terrible teaching. Lectures are worthless, all he does is brag about himself and comes up with the popular question "If you want to do that, I can make it happen." When in reality you can tell that most of our guest speakers don't even like him..
Well, if you are looking to attend lectures where the professor talks about himself the entire hour and fifteen minutes, then this is absolutely the class for you. Enter the world of Gary Sailes you will realize that Larry Bird is only one phone call away. This class makes me sick. :)
good guy but content of class is horrible
class is so easy, but Doc is so full of it. he's a nice guy, but he really doesn't know what he's talking about most of the time. and what SPORTS fan doesn't even know that Michael Jordan is number 23??
Sailes is a nice guy to talk to, and he does have a lot of good connections in the sports industry, but don't ask him who the GM of the Yankees is, he won't know. He does care about his student's though. Just don't ask him what your name is.
Sailes just wants to talk about himself. He tells stories about himself all the time, and generally they are not beneficial. He once told us that he talked to the guy at the gas station. That was the beginning and end of his story.
Intro to Sports Management class had nothing to do with sports management..too many motivational lectures.
I didn't like her at all. She took the class too serious and didn't teach us half of what we needed to know for the class. She is obsessed with the Target Corp. project and puts a huge emphasis on it. I would defenently recommend choosing a different teacher!
Never prepared for class, could never figure out how to work things that he needed to use. VERY boring, and you only get good grades if you see eye to eye with him, not for what you see and can back up.
This class is not set up in a way to help students succeed. A large majority of your grade is based on exams even though there is a lot of homework. Outside of class, you are expected to teach yourself the material. Time in class is not used correctly and doesn't cover a lot of the material you are tested on.
Personally, I was not a fan of Professor Head. When it came time for exams there is literally no way of knowing what will actually be on them. Exam questions are FAR more difficult than what is in the course packet. Going to lecture felt like a waste of time. I admit I could have put in a bit more effort, but I was not a fan of this class/professor
I don't not like her as a person, she really does try to be nice, but her jokes are consistently awkward, and at times she's passive aggressive. The material of this course is hard so naturally it is difficult, but she is not the best teacher at least in my opinion. I'd avoid unless you're confident in your accounting skills and ability to learn it
Classes aren't very useful, she just talks about concepts when everything is based on examples she fails to show you how to do. Puts all of that on the discussion leaders who are grad students that barely remember how to make a journal entry.
Skims over material in class and expects in-depth answers on exams. Seems like more of a grade school teacher than college prof.
I know more about her kids than she does!
Worthless class.
Treats students like in elementary school. Talks to much about her kids.
I'm an English major. When I first met him I thought he was my connection and I was incredibly wrong. He's pretentious, his opinion gets in the way of his teaching, his expectations are impossible to achieve. He helped me with fixing my theses, but that was only to beat him, and I still lost against him. Avoid him if you actually want to learn.
This professor has no idea what teaching is. He belittled me in his critiques, advised me to drop this class, and gave me a C+ even though I did everything and more for the class. As a previous commenter said, first impressions are everything. Write like him and you'll be fine. Write like yourself and he'll tell you to drop.
With Tony, you will either like him, or hate him. His opinions seemed to cloud his ability to see how students seen the works that we read. However, I feel my writing skills have def. improved since taking this course(l202) and I kind of miss the sick challenge of trying to write something he would be impressed with. Which is usually nothing.
Pretty much, Tony fills his class time (full class time always) with bad metaphors for writing and interpreting literature. However, he takes the interpretation out of Literary Interpretation. If you don't see things his way, you are wrong. He is very inconsiderate of student answers and is pretty rude.
Tony is an Italian American and spent some time defending the Hollywood image of Italians as the bad guys. OK, good point. Then he took it too far, saying that hardly any Italians were ever in the mob. I wonder what he has to say about the recent Chicago trials...
I was prepared for tough criticism, wanted it even, but all I got was stereotyped and harrassed by this teacher.
Tried to make everyone believe there is only one way to write fiction, and made it seem like there were no talented writers in the room (besides himself) since it was an intro class...
Learned way more from my discussion AIs. Going to lecture almost felt useless, but the AIs took attendance. I want to think that part of the reason that I found her boring and uninteresting was because she was in a very large lecture of non English majors. I feel like she'd have something helpful in an English major class.
Do not answer e-mails from students
Nothing to say other than he is an extremely tough grader. I usually do not struggle with writing however he does not make assignments very clear and will take many points off for minor errors. He's a nice guy but you need to make sure you work for your grade and he clearly points that out.
Will lecture you for the entire duration of the class and is extremely boring. He does not make class interesting and is extremely tough when grading papers. I do not recommend him.
Dr. Hollist is a very nice man and is genuinely a funny guy. Yet, he is an extremely hard grader and does not make any assignments clear. There are three main papers and two big presentations. Do not take him.
hard grader, hard to understand, always adds more things to do for a paper when you are halfway done or done, so then you have to go back and add all the things he now wants you to do. ALL about the details, details, and more details. All you do is write papers the entire semester. Occasional quizzes and exercises.
Straight A student here, Hollist assigns work in his intro class as if we were all writing majors with no other classes. At least 3 readings before each class, puts everybody on the spot, each student pretty much teaches 4 classes a semester, incredibly unclear and unreliable grader, he grades a first draft as a 7/10 and then a second at a 3/10.
NO NO NO! Long lectures are dull and redundant. Useless exercises. Horrible grader. He will destroy your work, even if you are a strong writer. Gives you a short time notice on an assignment and then takes forever to grade. Assignment for a paper worth 20% of our grade is unclear and honestly too difficult for a FYW class.
Very strict on grading and pretty much forces us to change our individual ways of writing into what he expects from us. I feel like I lost my creativity to write.
Very difficult grader. Lazy, cancels class constantly. Doesn't respond to emails. Do not take this teacher!
Don't expect to get an A~hardest grader I've encountered. He pays way too much attention to class participation while grading than he should. Doesn't talk about the books. If don't do well on papers, you're screwed.
He sucked, I failed. He obiviously knows what he is talking about, but I didn't??
Very difficult teacher, i dropped his class half way through the year
He is a very nice guy and expects a lot from his students. He's a good professor if you can keep up with him. The stronger students in his classes find him as a good resource.
Worst class I have ever taken in all my years as a student. This professor has a bad habit of saying "uh......." over and over and you can't make sense out of his lectures. One day we actually timed it. He said "uh...." 26 times in one minute. DO NOT take this guy's class. You will be sorry!
He is a terrible teacher. He definitely carries on about nothing. In a class about gender and race, you wouldn't expect him to be so opinionated. He is. Good luck on the tests because even if you answer the questions, you will lose points for not reading his mind and answering more.
he is proof that you can be a teacher even if you dont know anything about you r subject
I do not recommend this teacher, because he doesn't understand his own material.
I had a really hard time grasping the subject matter. I still to this day do not know how to java at all. No matter how much time or effort I would put into an assignment, there seemed to be no payoff.
Tests and quizzes were only about quotes--not anything you actually learned. Quotes matter, yeah, but they don't tell you about anything you learned. So basically, you're memorizing nothing. Lots of reading and the textbook was hard and terrible. Long, old English, boring even for Philosophy majors. It was also an 8:30, two hour lecture. THE WORST.
Stratton is a fun prof if you are just taking a class with him to finish off a distrib, but if you are majoring in philosophy you are screwed. He repeats the same things in every class he teaches. He apologizes everytime saying that he usually doesn't have reapeats, but it gets old. If you really want to learn and be challenged, try prof Dixon.
Weird guy. A student tried to hug him in the last course and he refused and said it was inappropriate. Will joke and laugh even at himself with students but there is always a clear line with Stratton. He is not a buddy and seems really aloof at times as if he is in another world that just touches ours at times but when he does he is real.
Does not use black board or tell you your progress until the very end. Several in class papers, and is a very harsh grader. He may be effective for English majors.
If you aren't an english major, DO NOT take his class. Unless you can write everything completely correctly, and aren't wordy, you won't get any papers over a C. He also doesn't teach you anything about writing papers. So if you actually want to learn and not read and analyze poems and/or stories every day take another teacher.
He grades very harshly and gives mostly Cs. I have always been a very good writer, and I found his grading to be very difficult. If you're wanting a moderately easy A, don't take this course. Very dry sense of humor, very boring.
I agree with 10/14. I am learning alot but he is totally unfair to expect people to read the assignments if they want a good grade. If he cared about his students he would make the class easy to ace. Can be kinda funny--in a dry sort of way.
The grading system in this course is ridiculous. He takes off more points for guessing than what the question is originally worth. Plus he takes off points if you get extra credit wrong!
The worst teacher that i have ever had. Very!! unwilling to help. Awkward teaching style. I frequently asked him for help and he continued to be strange and unresponsive. terrible teacher, very impersonal, a conflict avoider. DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER!!!!!!
He's not helpful and he doesn't seem to care. He doesn't know his students and his dry sense of humor teeters on offensive.
just tell him some non offensive penguin jokes and everything will be just fine!
There's a lot of students who hate Obertino, but he has high expectations. If you are genuinely interested in his lectures, he will notice. Frequent pop quizzes. Studying required. Suck it up.
I think half of the class walked out of his office crying after our one on one meetings about our first paper.
quizz, quizz, quizz. Fortunately I'm a major.
horrible all of the papers we had to write we had to do in class in one hour
Not to be rude, but he is an extremely bad teacher. He is very knowledgable, however, he doesn't care about the students or helping them to learn. You are EXPECTED to know how to write perfect papers, understand all materials, memorize poem titles for quizes, etc. He is very unfair.
he doesnt like to take other pple's opinions and is very singleminded. he def. makes you read over and beyond what you should. a great christmas gift for him is a pair of glasses. you have to memorize a dict. by the end of the semester. he actually recommends you making one of your own for his class
I'll be retaking this class!he does have a weird sense of humor & i agree, he's not nice.
If you're willing to give up all of your free time and to neglect your other classes his class isn't that bad. You have to memorize half the dictionary, never miss class, be prepared for a quiz every day, and be able to understand his humor.
Courseload is too heavy for an undergrad course, and prof. doesn't seem to have much respect or patience for undergrads. Does not change requirements for grad vs. undergrad. Doesn't make you feel welcome to ask questions in class. However, it seems as though if you actually finish the obscene amount of work he assigns, he's not a harsh grader.
Interesting subject matter but really hard to follow and goes really fast and doesn't make things very clear. Tests are not too fair and he grades harshly.
awful awful awful! unnecessarily difficult grading, confusing and boring lectures, and inability to understand when students are grasping the concepts. he's a decent guy, but don't ever take this class with him. i am a strong student, but this class beat the crap out of me
I found that the material in this course was fairly easy to catch on to. Hoffman treated us like idiots and made us learn her way of calculating exactly, and if we didn't follow her steps, we got marked off--even with correct answers!! Something about he
She's kind of a weird lady. the would have been easy had I gone, but her voice made me want to skip.
so boring and totally unclear not to mention its pointless for me to be in there shes rude and somehow weird
not the most helpful lady you are going to run into
kind of on the weird side to say the least
I went to office hours and recieved little help. Very boring class. Can sometimes be on verge of rude to students
Very unhelpful. Tests are much harder than they need to be
very unorganized and a little weird...
not very nice or helpful
makes anoying noises that make you want to punch him, didn't help very much
Graded by only four things: 3 exams and 1 formal paper. Ghost professor, you never see him and he gives no feedback -- you hear from the TA more than you do him. He was always late when responding to emails. However, because you are given a study guide with the exact questions from the exams it is easy to prepare and get a good grade.
Entire grade is based off 3 tests with nothing else to level out the grade. Textbook content was not covered at all in class but was still tested over heavily.
Shulman is clearly an active member of the professional society, but he often rambles about unimportant things and clearly engages in favoritism. Like, blatantly. He can be very accommodating and receptive to complaints about test structure, but I find him mildly condescending. He is a person who wants to be fun, which is nice.
This guy definately knows what he is talking about when he speaks, but often times he conveys his knowledge in a way that is not so clear and easy to jot down. However, able students shouldn't have a problem as long as they show up to class.
One of those teachers at the school to do reasearch not to teach, Horrible teacher very unprepared for class, assignments unclear, Books boring, when helping on a paper he treated me as a a little girl. I suggenst not taking this class. I would drop if i was not graduating and needed this type of
She is a nice lady at sometimes, and other times not so nice. Everything went well except the life event paper in which she didn't not explain very well. my entire class had a very vague idea of what it was supposed to be about and she doesn't give you a rubric.
She does have her opinions and you are always wrong but if you just ignore that fact she is a pretty good teacher. Just go and ask her for help and act like you care. If you do and you get help from the reading and writing lab you will pass with an A or B.
She is ALWAYS right no matter what. Hates having her own words used to prove her wrong. Adheres to freudian theories. Feminist. Not very helpful. Grades on a whim. No ABC grades but good, very good, excellent. Hard to know an estimate of your grade
I'm doing well in her class but a lot of people are doing very poorly. There aren't too many examples done in class, so I rely a lot on the textbook for help. My only real problem with her though is her lack of Blackboard use. Otherwise she is a very nice person who does have a good knowledge of math.
She is very boring and she teaches right out of the book (so if you don't understand "Alice's" way of teaching, she doesn't tell you of another way - even though she'll tell you she knows other ways to figure problems out). There are only 15 questions on a test, so you can only get 1 wrong to get a B and she doesn't let you use a calculator!
You can easily tell that Mrs Joseph used to teach elementary or middle school. She explains everything like 3 different ways. Which could be great if you struggle with math, but if not, you will get bored. She does drop the lowest test score.
She is a wonderful lady, but poor teacher. I had a lot of trouble adjusting to the way she taught the class. She was very vague about details for things and if a student would ask a question she would dodge around it and confuse them even more, Tests are what is in the book and homework, but sometimes its not, which can be frustrating.
I really did not enjoy her teaching, at all. She seems like a sweet person and I understand that it is hard to lecture so many students but lectures are SUPER boring and SO hard to pay attention during. Hmwrks are at times assigned over material we haven't covered, and tests are fairly easy but at times confusing. Not my favorite class or teacher.
No. Just no. This class is formatted to take up all of your time. The guidelines are ridiculously strict. She doesn't teach what you need to know to do the homework. She does not curve her overly hard tests. She has no sympathy for the students at all. The class is a lot harder than it should be. Just dont....don't.
HER LECTURES ARE ABSOLTUELY TERRIBLE!! There are no other UPI teachers though so you have to take her. Her lectures are monotone the whole time, and very very very uninteresting. Attendance to lecture is mandatory as there are lecture quizzes handed out every day. Do your homework (which isn't hard) and you will make an A.
The lectures do no good and all the book does is confuse you. Get help from your lab TA's on all the problems you don't understand. If possible print off the homework solutions from the semester before off of the website. Other than that...good luck!
Horrible!! Avoid her at all costs!! Cannot teach. If it wasn't for my lab instructer I would have failed! Plus she accused me of cheating (something I can get kicked out of school for) because the girl that was cheating off of me was sucking up to her! I really hate her as a person and a teacher!
Pretty good teacher, too much homework but if you study you will do great.
she doesnt really teach you anything. you learn more from lab and your lab TA. pay attention in lab, do the home work, bs the quizes and you should have a B since the grading scale is in 15 % intervals. 85+ =A 70-85 B etc. you have to try and fail. in my opion you have to try and make a c.
I think her whole point is to make you teach it to yourself. Not such a great idea for a University physics class. Pay attention on the days before the test. You don't have much choice in whether or not to take her.
she knows her stuff but has a hard time teaching the actual materials. The book sucks period. this book is incomplete and can be very confusing. And watch out on the days she wears a tube top... it tends to fall conpletely down and trust me that you don't want to see that!
All I can hope is that I learn something from her husband in UP2. She HAS to make homework and quizzes due every class to get people to COME. Text book is awful, but on the bright side the grading system, though unclear, allows for high grades.
She is a very nice person but her lecture is horrible, and she rarely does problems in class that are on the homework and tests. She spends most of the class time mumbling about who-knows-what instead of working problems. But the class is easy.
Yeah she is nice, but she is so scatterbrained and doesn't teach what is on the test hardly at all. She is a bad teacher. Period. Nice person. Bad Teacher. Got it? Easy though with extra credit.
Easy class because i had a wonderful lab instructor (Tracy Hoke)
Dr. Meek knows what he is doing, but teaches far above what is needed for the class. Most class time is spent explaining theory, rather than giving relevant examples. However, tests are super easy and quizzes can be if you are caught up with the material. Didn't enjoy his lectures, but if nothing else, take him for the easy tests.
His teaching style is different and it takes some getting use to. The class was somewhat difficult. My tips would be to go to ALL the drills and do well on ALL the quizzes. Do ALL the online homework. Do well on HIS tests. If you have old tests to study it will definitely help you. If you do this you will be fine. Good luck!
He is not a bad teacher but does not prepare you very well for the exams. Everyone who took him all failed the midterm because we were not adequately prepared. His tests are pretty easy but he does not write the midterm and you will most likely fail if you are in his class. If you do well on his exams, then you should be fine
Dr. Meek doesn't explain the material very well. If you had Calculus in high school you should do fine, but if not then good luck. The drill helps out but be prepared, because if you screw up on a test it will screw your grade up. He doesn't drop any tests. Overall not a bad teacher but could explain the material a little bit better.
I suck at math and I am an engineering student. I would not say Dr. Meek is the best because he does not really do examples or tell you all that he wants from certain problems. He only really explains how the equations work. I will probably fail his class, but I have never taken cal before. If you have taken cal before, then you will get a(n) AB.
Take if your're a self learner.
When teaching, he rarely does examples and just teaches straight-forward concepts that are hard to follow. On tests, he always throws in one hard question on tests. He is often annoyingly sarcastic, and thinks he's pretty funny...but he's not. If you can get a different teacher for CAL III, do it. He makes CAL II seem like a breeze
Dr meek for calc 1 is more difficult because he treats the class as if we r already knowledgable of the subject area. His personality is great and he has wonderful humor. For calc 2, it's easier to follow his examples and he tends to flow better with the work and of course meek humor
Don't take his class! He is a great guy, and brillant at math. But he dwells on what he knows and not what his students know. He is a terrible teacher, and i have given up even paying attention in class because it is useless.
If you love math and understand it VERY WELL, then this class is for you. If you're not at all interested but you have to take the class, get a different teacher. It's very hard if you don't already have the math skills and understanding. A little intimidating.
If you want to learn calculus, do not take this teacher. His teaching style is not very effective, and he is not very open to questions. Take Gurov or Morris if you get the chance.
Turned out to be a pretty tough class. He tries to get tricky on the quizzes, but thankfully most tests were departmental. Not a very good teacher, unless you like memorizing formulas and not really learning how to do things. Expect to teach yourself
READ. THE. BOOK. or you wont pass. Tests are really hard and he does grade group projects easy but the discussion boards he grades hard.
I know everyone loves him for markets and consumers, so I took him for selling and sales. The material seems so EASY and then you get his test and there seems like 3 right answers. Also, beware of the presentation he grades it very very hard!
Knows a lot about Photoshop just does not always know how to answer a question. Adobe is really the problem because they are always updating, on a yearly basis, how could anyone keep up with that. Using blackboard isn't necessarily helpful but knowing your grades is.
Time to retire when food stuck to side of mouth all day. As for class: all she does is walk step by step through the assignment in the book. Could have done that on my own. Does not answer questions very often. Assignment submission and return still being done like in 1980s. Get with the times. Use Blackboard - they offer training on how to use it.
If you know how to use microsoft office you will have no problem. If you are planning on learning something take a different teacher. She does allow you to finish ahead of time and not have to go back to class.
If you know how to use microsoft office you will have no problem. If you are planning on learning something take a different teacher.
Judy has no clue and seems a little lost. Teaching 17 classes and can't keep up!
Nice, but knows nothing about the software or even Windows. Explanations hard to follow, just work from the 3 books. If u have some CG experience, easy A. If not, u may be lost. Grading is confusing, never sure which assignments are E.C. & which are required. Helps if u ask, but hardly knows what the assignments are, may do more harm than good.
The most disorganized teacher I have ever met. 3 weeks before the end of the semester, she still didn't know how she was grading us. Even then, she still had it set up that there were 3 points no one could ever earn.
Nice but not organized. Often said things like, "Oh, I should have done THIS exercise BEFORE that last assignment." Expects students to get help from Geno or other students. Said mice in class needed to be replaced, still wanted great results.
She is a sweetheart, but really doesn't know the programm that well, relies on students to answer their own questions. But she does let you work on your own in class, so it's nice when you know what you're doing and just want to work.
She is a very easy going teacher and comes from an art background, which is a bad thing, considering she is teaching a computer class. There were many times that she had no clue what was wrong with the computer. My favorite time had to be when one of th
Easy class, she is very unorganized and the class is chaos.
If you are going to take Mr. Parkerson's class, be ready to teach yourself the material. He doesn't know how to explain the material to the students and thinks we know digital design vocabulary (which makes It hard to understand). Also if you want to take him, be ready to have a weakly meeting because you will need help. don't take his class.
Dr. Parkerson likes to go on tangents and talk about "the good ol' days". I did not learn much in Digital Design, and I am not prepared for Computer Organization. The homework was easy, midterm easy, lectures too complex, and final exam extremely hard. When asked to explain something, he repeats himself or says look in the book. Get help from TA
If you care about becoming a better writer dont take her, but if youre looking for something to boost your GPA, take this. super easy and as long as you complete assignments, not even well, youre gonna get an A
She was terrible. I did alright, got a B and I thought I was going to do a lot worse, the class is easy but she was very annoying and talk about her great kids and wonderful husband. It was an overkill, it make me think she was trying to convince us of her perfect life that no one gave a sh*t about.
take theatre instead, because this class turned out to be a complete waste of time. her lax additude toward the class can be seen through her not giving real instuction to student to improve their performance. i left her class with LESS than i came with.
She barely ever teaches the class about the assigned subject, but loves to talk about her children, herself, her husband, and her life...how boring! All I learned from her class was that she had two sons and she loved her husband! How sad but true!
I don't care what books she wrote.
Very boring class. Required attendence with little material given in class. Hard grader. I would avoid him if you can.
Very unclear, he grades hard, but if you ask a question about a poor grade your grade could go up two letter grades, i went from a 60 to a 75 on my midterm and a C- to and A- on a large paper. He doesn't really teach you much and expects perfect APA style, yet never goes over APA. Also, he talks about working at the grand rapids press every class.
Without a doubt the most boring class I've taken at GV. He always kept us for 3 hours. Everything he said was a repeat of 256/270. It's pretty easy, just write a story every week, but if someone else teaches this class look into it.
It is not so much the professor, but the class that is awful. I mean Prof. Cullather is pretty terrible and I am not saying that because I failed. I got an A in his Kennedys class, but he is an awful professor that has no idea how to lecture. The tests are ridiculous worth 25% each and two papers worth 25% as well. Avoid this class and professor!
Run for your GPA!!!!!
Look, Dr. Heffernan is smart and he's a good poet, but he doesn't even use Blackboard or email, or make a syllabus. He doesn't take roll, he doesn't even teach any real material. I had him for poetry and it was the biggest waste of my time, and I'm an English major. Huge disappointment and was only graded on one paper that I luckily made an A on.
Nice. Loves the material he teaches, but likes to go off on tangents about either really technical details or irreverent information... Good guy though.
Cochran was helpful when it came to sending my quizzes to the CEA center for me to take bc I have accommodations. BUT he is also pretty rude in emails, passive-aggressive, and very vague about what he wants from assignments overall. The quizzes are ridiculous because he expects us to remember material from 10 different readings for each quiz.
He's a nice guy, but that's about it. He doesn't give you any type of rubric or lead on what he wants from your writing. This results in you having to guess what he wants from your submissions. He's a tough grader, despite his lack of requests. It's confusing because the class is incredibly laid back, then he'll give you a 50% on submissions.
I really wanted to love this class. Showed up every week, read all te assignments worked hard. I have been a 4.0 student for almost 3 straight semesters. His class I got a B. Honestly felt like he was a nitpicker. He was not interested in students learning concepts, just stupid details. He graded in class essays harshly for grammatical errors. Run
I hated this class. The readings are all dry and his quizzes aren't easy by any means. His readings are all over the place also, so that wasn't good. If you're about to take this class, don't.
Cock Rock is not really all that bad, but his lectures tend to be a bit tedious. He's an easy grader who expects you to be able to churn out the arguments covered in class - take that as you will as a positive or a negative. He's not terrible or anything like that, but he's pretty mediocre, all things considered.
From the beginning, Dr. Cochran treated me like I was not smart enough to be in his class. His drill holds no pertinence to the class and you have to have a very, very solid understanding of World and ancient history before you even enter his presence. He is not interested in knowing you on a personal level. Be ready for stress.
I really liked this professor at first. I thought he was interesting, funny and really knew his stuff. Perhaps a bit pompous, and redundant (dont take more than one of his classes, you'll hear the same things.) That is, until he used the phrase "Do I need to dumb it down?" ENTIRELY UNNECCESSARY. :(
Not as boring as Dr. Cory's lectures, and definitely has more substance than Dr. McCray's lectures. He tries to make a point, and out of all the H2P profs, he's about the only one who shows a glimmer of a point through all the pretentious honors garble.
He does not grade easy. Expects you to know everything without him teaching anything. If you take this class be prepared to read the books and get all the information you can on anything he talks about.
Smart, but doesnt know how to teach well. The lectures a lot of time have little to pertain with the actual exams, and the exams are almost all textbook based. Happy to get a b in here, do not take for world civ!!
Went to class almost everyday, studied really hard for the final, and still did not pass the class. Lectures were very boring and sometimes pointless. Only three grades in this class, and are all tests, so you must do good on all three to get a good grade.
I literally had a nightmare about the paper I recently turned in for his class.
Hard for world civ. only 3 people have gotten a's of 230 in the class both times. Happy to have a b still.
DO NOT TAKE FINLAY FOR WORLD CIV! We have a class of 300 and only THREE made A's on the first exam (Out of only 3 exams). WORLD civ is new and the tests have FOUR possible answer choices, and VIGOROUS study of the book is mandatory. I studied over 32 hours for first exam and only got a 72. And that is 33% of grade. DO NOT TAKE WORLD CIV W/ FINLAY.
I don't know how people thought it was easy. I studied my ass off and got a C in the class. He covers MANY boring DETAILS in class, & the study guides did not help me b/c the test is broad. I even tried to read the book some & still wasn't able to get a B. I love history, I am thinking about making it my minor, but he just didn't keep my interest.
I loved Finlay. He was an interesting man and tries to be entertaining. The class was kinda boring, however attendance wasn't required. You could never go to class or study and still get a B. I would recommend studying though because who doesn't love A grades?
Finlay is a nice guy but his lectures are extremely boring and the test questions are extremely random. Go to the review session if one is offered. It helps tremendously. Also, read some of the chapters before the test and you will do fine. His test only have three answer options and he doesn't have different versions of the test.
You have to read the book. The lectures are boring and he's difficult to understand, but if you write down key terms and names and read the book then you'll be great on the tests. You don't have to go to class but it does help some. He's a nice guy, just not the easiest teacher to listen to for an hour and a half.
Ok, so class is really boring and his accent is really hard to understand at first but he will ask questions from the retarded stuff he covers. For sure read the book! and read it carefully! Make sure that you fill out the study guides, he will definately ask questions about those words.
Very boring class and hard o understand his accent. Lectures aren't very informative and attendance isn't necessary. You must read the book! I made C's on the first two tests then didn't come to class for a month but read the book and aced the last test so it rounded to a B.
He seems like he would be a generally funny and nice guy outside of class, but if you dont like history he definately will NOT keep your attention. Tests wouldnt be bad if I could understand him better. Must read book!! Lectures cross subjects in the book but do not cover the book... not that bad of a class...just hard to stay awake!!!
I took Finlay first semester for WCIV1. Most of his lectures on Ancient Rome and Greece are very interesting. Also great lecture on Christianity. I made an A. HOWEVER. Second semester, I loathed his class. I found his lectures boring and pointless. Extremely hard to study for the tests. The exam material seemed to be chosen at random. My only B
Tests are ONE question which he adresses to you out loud, quiz bowl style. The papers seem easy but when you get your grade back you realize he's an extremely biased grader. Too inconsistent and not at all based on your effort-avoid at all costs.
Professor Swedenburg mostly just rambles on about what he wants to talk about, and only vaguely ties it back to the course itself. Unapologetically and annoyingly liberal, which would be fine in a political discussion, but not really what I look for in ANTH courses.
Long-winded kind of guy, doesn't use much visual aid. Lectures are exactly what the word means, and I would not recommend the class.
DO NOT TAKE! He is not insightful at all and is vulgar at best! He is very disorganized, the class is terribly boring. He is very opinionated. And unless you want a very detailed lecture over the art of "pegging" (just google if you are not aware of the term) pass on Swedenberg!
Swedenburg is the best professor I've ever had. I enrolled in this class with an interest but zero knowledge of the course material. His lectures aren't difficult to pay attention to, and I love his sense of humor. He definitely makes you work for your grade, but all of the books we read were interesting, so it's worth it. Take his class. :)
Politically, I agree with the Swede on most issues; however, the man remains insufferable. Pompous to the extreme, he reminds me of Ian, the new boyfriend from the movie High Fidelity, from the ponytail to the love of world music. Take it if you're planning on doing ethnography of pompous ****s, the Swede would be a wonderful field subject.
This class was listed as Popular Culture, but it was really a sub-cultures class. Total waste of time. Lectures pointless, only grades are 3 papers on any topic we want. Very opinionated, doesn't care who he offends.
He's knowledgable but extremely monotone. you will not like this class if you enjoy a relatively fast, even-paced class that stays on topic. Typical class will have many tangents about his life and experience (which can be interesting but totally irrelevant). doesnt register course on BB. go to class, take notes, that's what'll be on the test.
The lectures are extremely dry, his voice is monotone and it practically puts you to sleep. Don't worry though just find someone who already took the class and get their notes! It will help a lot because he doesn't really do reviews. Its a required class for Journalism majors so just suck it up you'll get through it.
Ask him about Elvis and Johnny Cash! He'll also sing for you!
This class is not only boring, but there is alot of busy work. The tests are kinda hard, and he is soo boring.
media and society was a horribly boring class. the tests were so easy, partly b/c they are the same each year and i had a stack of em. he takes attendance, but bring a pillow for a nap..you'll be fine!
Easy A course, but his lectures are very dull and he is hard to understand. I skipped plenty.
Impossible! Tests are all in a blue book and you can never finish them. Know everything for tests and he counts attendance. Very Difficult!
He's a nice guy, but he's pretty bland and boring. He mumbles a lot and doesn't really explain much. You watch movies and listen to presentations and also get assigned a lot of reading. The tests are only 10-15 questions, and he grades pretty tough. He's a hard grader on papers as well.
Class was interesting, youd watch one film the first class of the week and discuss it on the second. The films that Philbin picked were also some classic and very entertaining ones. My only complainant is that he was too harsh on quizes and tests. I also felt if he scrutinized certain people more than others. But overal, dece teacher
He likes the obnoxious students and he tends to think girls are stupid. He won't have a normal conversation with his students like "hey how was your day" he's too into himself for that. Still I've had worse teachers.
Seems he'd rather be making movies than teaching. Sharp guy, but unapproachable.
Exams range from 80-100 questions, most people drop his class. He has informational stories but a hard grader and calls on everyone daily so know your stuff.
Exams are around 80-100 questions and are really narrow, you need to really read and take notes on the chapters before class for when he calls on you. You can do well but you really need to devote a lot of time and effort.
Do not take him. Impossible to get an A. I had a 4.o (took way harder classes) yet his grading is so unnecessarily tough. He is kind of rude, and if you don't remember a specific detail about a chapter, you get a minus. Tests are 100 questions, if you don't get a 92 on every exam, you're A is gone. Each test is 25% of grade. Do the math.
In a word, frustrating. Professor Simendinger has decades of business experience but relies more on content straight from the textbook in making his exams. There are three exams and they are grueling, requiring unnecessary memorization. Your grade is based almost entirely on the exams. This class is tough, but definitely passable.
Ridiculous tests. Expects you to know every obscure detail from the chapters and the slides. And if some facts conflicts between the slides and textbook you're out of luck. If you don't participate excessively your grade is going to suffer a lot which is obnoxious. Nice enough guy I suppose, but honestly I'd recommend another professor.
Don't bother buying the book. Test questions come completely from PowerPoint notes & in-class videos. He is very anal and you have to work hard for a grade that doesn't reflect your effort.
Tests are tough, but he has designed the course so you'll learn the material. Make sure you don't miss any of the required classes. If you are looking for an easy A or B don't bother taking his class.
IF YOU CAN TAKE ANOTHER TEACHER. HE IS HORRID. WAY TO MUCH INFO ON TEST. THINKS THERE IS NOTHING MORE IMPORTANT THAN MGT. HAS RIDICULOUS ASSIGNMENTS AND REFUSES TO LET YOU OUT OF CLASS A MINUTE EARLY. THOUGHT MGT WAS COMMMONSENSE. NOT!!!!!!!!!!
takes an already boring class to a sucidal levels, rades really harshly, tests on minute details and what's with those pointless case studies? take someone else. I got a B and that should have been one of the easiest classes but he made it tough.
Insensitive regarding death in the family
Class is pretty hard and he is really cocky. Always talks about himself.
Professor Brewer is a genuinely nice lady, but Chem 2 is awful. Chem 1 was relatively easy IF you studied. Studying the practice exams gave you a pretty good idea what to expect on the test. In chem 2, however, the practice exams are nothing like the real exam. Unless you read every detail of the book and take perfect notes, you wont do well.
She's a nice lady but I have a hard time listening in a classroom with 250+ students.
Okay teacher. I probably would have liked and understood her class better had I liked chem. Best teacher out of the chem department for this class. I agree with the person who said to take her if you have to take chem.
She is a really nice lady. She wants to help you get an A. She just speed through everything. She expects you to already have a background in Chem. She says the last 2 tests are really easy. They're easier but don't be fooled, they're still hard. In the end she's the best available. STILL VERY VERY HARD...
The class is extremely hard and she flys through her explanations of the examples and the examples she gives are much more elementary than the test questions. STUDY ALOT. DO NOT FALL BEHIND. GO TO SIeven.She makes stupid jokes and looks funny. She smiles all the time and has penciled on eyebrows. It's a bit distracting and scary but a nice lady.
This class was very hard. SI instructors are a joke; they do not help at all. The tests were very difficult compared with the in-class problems that she would work. Attendance checks don't help your grade. This was the second year taking her where I was borderline, but was there for EVERY attendance check and she did nothing to help me out.
Must go to class and drill in order to pass. Her tests have about 50% of the questions from class/homework and about 50% from god knows where. I did the goals/readbook still could barely get a C or D on a test does have a large curve and lots of bonus. If at all possible take someone else. Save yourself the trouble to still make a C or D no matter
DONT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! I am an honor student in Chemistry and on her first test out of 25 I got 2 correct. Horrible teacher, elementary examples then ridiculous tests. WARNING!
did not like her at all!!! very hard teacher. covers hard material way too fast to understand.
Blaaaaaah
It is not just the teacher, the WHOLE chemistry dept needs a MAJOR overhaul. Freshman level classes are horrible, worse than senior level science classes. WAKE UP UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS before you lose a lot of not just good, but excellent students!!!!!AVOID any chemistry class you can at UofA, go to NWACC...
nice lady, bad class, RUN!
She is a very difficult professor. At first it seems like the courses shouldnt be all that difficult, but after the first test or two you realize that you have to work your butt off to do well. if you are in the course, do the homework and go to class EVERYDAY! sit in the front, it helps!
Very hard class!!! If you have questions, go see her and not your drill TA (sometimes they teach things wrong then you'll make an F on the test). GO TO EVERY LECTURE!! Know EVERYTHING--READ YOUR BOOK!! Class Warm-ups are NOT like the test at all!!
goes over the material WAY too fast and assigns too much work. Tests make me want to throw myself down a very long staircase.
Britton is very entertaining to listen to. However, to a student whose never taken economics, I had to rely on the book and SI for clarity. Go to SI, read the book, and go to lecture primarily because he gives out quizzes. They aren't hard and are worth about 100 pts. in total. SI is another 100. Then there are 5 tests and a final for 600 points.
Dr. Britton is a fun teacher. He lets you out early a lot and does a lot of bonus for coming to class. His tests are fair, but you definitely need to study. He's not clear 100% of the time, and goes off on tangents sometimes, but SI is really helpful for that. I suggest taking him.
Not helpful at all...take him if there is no one else available..horrible proffessor
Decent teacher, but he sometimes moves too fast. Not my kind of econ class, but if you work hard, you'll be fine.
If you do not like nor understand economics and you are simply looking for an econ credit, then I would not recommend his class. I have no interest in economics or much knowledge in the subject, so the class was difficult for me. He expects you to already know the basics when he teaches, so some people may feel a little lost or confused
My peer mentor told me to take this class with him, and I don't know why I listened. His tests are rigged with questions that are meant to make his students slip up- his own words to another professor. Just take this with Burke and save yourself a lot of misery and disappointment. Why was the valentines day ritual in Japan an actual test question?
Professor Stapp is not a good professor in the online environment, he is not willing to help his students to do well.
He is a strict grader. He also rushes everything bc of time crunch that it doesn't allow for us to think about what we just learned. Talks about Japan all the time. His tests are super long and hard. If you don't go to class, you won't pass bc all of his notes are from the lecture. he doesn't do powerpoints or anything online.
Gets off topic a lot, requires attendance, doesn't allow students to work on homework in class, bad-mouths mathematicians, never replies to emails. Easy class, though.
His tests are based on the notes. Go to everyclass and take good notes, you will be fine.
Stapp is a very energetic teacher. He knows the material really well and will keep your attention. Test aren't too bad. Make sure to do all online assignments. I hardly ever went to class and still made a B. Although when you do go Stapp makes the class interesting! TAKE STAPP!!!! He is a lot better than the other teachers.
The lectures were interesting, and you must pay attention and take ALL notes to do well on tests. The tests are very tricky. GO TO CLASS! He sometimes asks questions about Japan or anything else on test just to see if you were in class that day. He is very enthusiastic about econ so it's easy to go.
does all of his notes on the chalk board for you to copy and he makes them very unorganized. This makes it very tough to remember certain parts of your notes.
He is very aminated and his lectures are interesting, however he tends to go off on tangents. He tests on random things in his lectures that may or may not have anything to do with course material. If you need assistance or have questions outside of class, go to his office; he doesn't answer emails.
I love Bob as a person, super funny and quirky old man. HIs teaching style is impossible to understand and I felt confused 98% of the time. We had several projects that I spent countless hours on to try and figure out. Attendance is taken every class period. If you do take him and find yourself confused, go to his office hours and he will help some
At first I thought bob was kinda funny. After counting me absent for 2 days that I attended, I contacted him multiple times to try and fix my grade and even offered to let him see my notes (I sat in the 1st row?) He told me I was lying and laughed at me. Only show up for the points, the slides are irrelevant brain farts & projects have no direction
dudes not terrible. he rambles a lot, but his quizes arnt to bad, you really need to read the book. he doesnt know what he wants half the time. but hes honestly alright
Bob Stassen is one interesting character. His teaching methods oh, wait... he has no teaching methods. A CIA agent could not decode his grade book on BlackBoard. You will never, i mean never know what your grade really is. He will not help you with class work and he will not help you with finding out what your grade is. Avoid Bob like the plague!
It is hard to understand what is going on in his class. He does not do a very good job of explaining projects unless you ask very specific questions. He is very weird and random.
Egomaniac. So smart. Get a clue.
SUCKS, SUCKS, SUCKS! Unless you want a semester of hearing about how enlightened Europeans are, take someone else. The material was easy, but I skipped class just to avoid listening to him.
Definitely easy!!! All the Athletes take this class. However, it is only offered at 7:30 in the morning.
attendance is really not mandatory as prof adams just reads off of the slides that are posted on blackboard. the lectures were pretty boring and it seemed like he did not know or care about what he was talking about. however, the class itself is very easy and is an easy A if you prepare for the tests.
Douglas is a nice guy, and it seems like he cares about his students, however, his classes are soooooo boring, and he barely teaches half of the material on the test. Your best chance of passing the class is to take the quizzes over and over again. He's definitely not the worse professor on campus, but he isn't very good either.
Lectures only go over the definitions of vocabulary. The tests will blindside you with difficult questions over extremely specific studies. If you follow the "study guide" you will make a 70 on the test at best. Lots of extra credit though.
This teacher gives a TON of extra credit so take advantage of that!! He tends to ramble on about things that aren't related to the class so I found it was just easier for me if I didnt go to class and just took notes off of the powerpoints on my own time and followed his study guides
Unenthusiastic professor. Lectures are very boring, but the TA helps for about 10min of the lecture. The tests are extremely specific, if possible take this class with a different professor.
Lots of extra credit was offered! I had a 129% in the class at one point. We had tests every other week! But they were really easy and not very long. GO TO TH REVIEW SESSIONS! The ta would say some questions word for word. Dr. Adam himself was really boring and not very helpful but the ta's are amazing! I never went to class and passed with an A.
Do not take Adams. He makes you do a huge project. Test every other Friday. 2 papers. It's a lot of work. Yes it's easy but a lot of work goes into it. His graduate assistants are the best and deserve all the credit. Not him
EASY Class, just go to write down the outline. very boring other than that - suggest taking a laptop so you can do other homework or get on the internet. lectures really have nothing to do with what is on the quiz. He tends to ramble A LOT!
I hated this class. Its easy if you go though. There are no tests except the final but you have a quiz every week. He offers only 20 bonus points.
If you like avg. this is your man. Fools most in to thinking he is a nice guy.
hes not the pompous ass everyone says he is..
He is a good professor and knows a lot. He expects you to already have knowledge of finance which made the course difficult as it was introductory. He also likes to talk about his wealth a lot. He is a good professor if you can get over his arrogance. Just beware of the class if you have no background in finance.
Biased and has his favorites. If you are good go to some other school to get a job in I-Banking
Missed out on good candidates for workshop because he focused too heavily on GPA as an indicator of intelligence. Unfortunately, it is apparent that there is more to being successful and "intelligent" than a GPA.
She hated me for no reason. I have no idea why. I'm pretty sure after one project she said infront of the whole class that I was spoiled. I even worked hard in the class. she loved my friend, however, who put in very minimal effort. so if she likes you, you're all set. but if she doesnt, gooood luck.
Very interesting videos. Hard tests. If you get on her good side its a guaranteed B. She took on this kind of grandmother role with me which I did not ask for. overall the class was easy, but she does make you do an outdoor dance with a group so if you dont feel comfortable with that, i would avoid.
The assignments and tests we very random, but as long as the work is done, and it is really easy, then you'll get an A. Her test questions were ridiculous, I got a D on one, but the grades are set up so that you can still pass. She takes attendance everyday. Most of the time it's just watching videos. I enjoyed watching, most are fairly interesting
I hated her, she hated me. I'm still not sure why. Her dance knowledge is very outdated, and is in love with Tribal Dancing etc. Get on her good side, and you're set. Random assigments and tests. I thought this class would be an easy A, but she made it hell...
She moves way too fast, and throws a lot of information at you. She's very difficult. Be prepared to spend most of your time on her class.
theres to much dumb stuff to learn and test are way to hard, i like dr boyd better
Boring. Easy. But if you dont go to class, you can still get an A but hell make you withdraw. Waste of time.
Very nice guy. Loves to talk. However, that is not always a good thing. He tends to ramble about irrelevant topics, but makes attendance mandatory although it would otherwise be easy to pass by only showing up on test days. Tests are relatively easy, pretty easy grader. Just terribly boring.
He's great but puts me to sleep real bad. Real smart but needs to focus on test material not random facts.
Hard to follow his line of thought sometimes, but overall, very good prof.
Not helpful at all.
go to the bathroom before class, because she freaks out if you get up to go.... like she'll call you out and then when she does let you go, she stop talking and just watches you walk out of the room and doesn't keep teaching til you've left. Oh and we have assigned seating, in college.
rediculas
boring as hell...should retire
Little to no help. Genuine bad attitude.
He is a nice guy...but the class is kinda difficult and I need more of an explaination than he gives...I nap a lot in his class:)
Hard to approach, plays favorites a LOT! Sometimes overly sarcastic. Made me feel dumb all the time. Used to be better, but after his accident he's gotten mean...
cant stay on topic, teaches half the hour wastes the rest. doesnt explain himself
Can't seem to keep track of where he puts his own student's projects
Doesn't know what he's talking about half the time
He's an "eh" teacher, but if you try you will get an A.
I thuought the was a horiible instructor. He was always late to class, but if a student showed up late he made a point to embarass the student. I do enjoy a prof that can controll the class but he needs to control himself first. A
Comes to class late every time. Makes many mistakes during poorly prepared lectures.
makes you work hard in his class, not approachable, though learned more from SI
Do your homework and you'll be fine. But don't bother asking him for help.
It would be nice if he could come to class on time at least once per semester.
he is tough! a cranky old buzzard, but will help if you go to office hours!
Not a very personable guy, tough exams-not many points on them
I cant believe I registered for this class without checking her rating. If you have a chemistry background already, you might be okay, but if not.... youre on your own. She does provide template notes to print out, but they dont explain things well. Quizzes and worksheets in discussion are difficult and easy to do awful on.
She is nice enough but does not explain things well and talks down to you. This is a hard enough class so the professor should be able to explain things clearly so that everyone can understand and has a chance to do well.
Honestly I wouldn't take her again if I had the chance. She was alright but she was rude when I asked her questions about the material one-on-one. HAS ANYONE ELSE EXPERIENCED THIS: having a terrible grade the entire semester but then getting a final grade of a B or B+???????
SHES USES AN ANCIENT OVER-HEAD PROJECTOR!! You know the ones from elementary and maybe middle school with the clear "paper" that is written on and then its flashed onto the screen? Yeah. That one. Enough said, horrible lectures, very ancient, and makes awkward jokes that no one laughs at.
Siu was a good professor, her class just sucks. Lecture attendance not mandatory but it's best if you go unless you're good at chemistry. 4 exams, plus all of the work in discussion outside of lecture. Definitely a hard class.
Very hard class. Not a good lecturer. Makes you feel stupid for asking questions. Her tests are hard and you have to go to lecture to pass the class. Did not use my book at all, the online homework is somewhat difficult. She doesn't care if you pass or not.
Professor Siu gets sidetracked often and spends too much time on the much easier material such as Sig Figs and blows through the harder material such as Net Ionic Equations. She still uses the overhead projectors with plastic sheets and has a snarky attitude when students ask clarifying questions that she deems as something we should already know.
She comes off rude and does not take the time to become personally acquainted with students. Clear cut teacher, however not very friendly and would give answers with no explanation.
Overall CHM 109 is a pretty easy class. Siu does a decent job at presenting material, but beware of asking her questions. She tends to make students feel stupid for even having to ask a question.
I took Siu for intro and org chem and while the material is difficult, it is possible to pass. She offers a ton of points in the class so if you don't do well on exams, the homework, lab, and classroom will bring your grade up. My problem with her is that she expects you to already know the info and if you ask a question she makes you feel dumb
Siu spends most of lecture going off on a tangent, then rushes through the info. When you ask for help in person or email she treats you like you're an idiot. Skips over way too much instruction constantly saying "you already should know this." I'm always left confused and like I missed something. Would not take her if you want to actually do well.
Lectures aren't boring but SUPER fast, I'd recommend recording them or something. She has notes online but I never found them helpful. Drops lowest 2 quiz grades. You MUST go to the discussion if you have one. Online hw due every other Sunday, it's difficult but a grade buffer. Would not recommend.
She is not nice when you ask her questions. She gives you a dumb look and half the time doesn't answer the question. She talks about her experiences a LOT. Her tests aren't too bad but the final was hard. She also hardly ever notices if you raise your and for a question even when she asks if there are any questions!
I would avoid her at all costs. She makes the most confusing tests, and is probably one of the worst "teachers" I've ever had. Terrible prof.
If you have the choice, I'd avoid taking her. It's like pulling teeth to get her to answer your question instead of a "because it is" brush off. Her exams are really hard and makes it more about how well you know how to take tests instead of how well you know the material.
I have never had such an awful experience with a professor. This was my first semester of college and she has made me hate chemistry. Not clear, very rude to students, and the tests are way more difficult than they need to be. DO NOT take her class.
She is a very stubborn women and does not like to admit when she is wrong. Also can come off very rude when answering questions from students. However material is not too hard but her tests have very obscure questions.
This professor is extremely rude. She is fine until you ask her a question or point out a mistake she made. She does not like to admit she was wrong and she will make you feel like crap if you ask a question. AVOID if you can.
I would not recommend her. She doesn't spend alot of time going through the harder material of the notes and moves from topic to topic without waiting for students to catch up. She is also quite rude and disrespectful towards students. If you need help, wait until after class to ask her otherwise she won't be helpful at all.
I expected to go into this class failing but ended up with an A. Sometimes prof. Siu is unclear but when you ask her to go over it again she is usually more than happy to. Do practice problems in the book before tests and quizzes and you will do fine.
HORRIBLE!! I only had her as a lab prof, and she made you feel as dumb as a box of rocks for asking a simple questoin for clarification. She accuses students of cheating with out the knowladge of them actually doing so, and she is EXTREAMLY rude.
Gets irritated by students with questions. Gets irritated by students who question her accuracy. Makes frequent errors and has difficulty owning up to it. Explains material fairly well, but don't ask her to repeat herself, her answer will border on humiliation. She should stick to judging figure skating.
She's a good prof if you have taken and understand most chemistry prior to the class. Test and quizzes are extremely tricky, careful. Lectures are pointless but discussions are a must. She's fun and talks a lot of drugs and food during class. oh, and she's an international ice skating judge...the one thing i can for sure remember from that class.
Prof Sui was alright, i'll agree that she is in fact intimidating if you ask questions. Does make you feel dumb if she thinks the question is dumb. tests were difficult bc i felt she didnt explain the material thoroughly so i basically taught myself.
I have her for lab and although I like chem I thought she was kind of rude to students that did not understand the lab. I went to her office to asked a general question about the lab and told me to go look it up. I did, got my report back she wrote on it "Why didn't you ask me" duh
she's not exactly the best teacher. if you haven't had chemistry before, or if the concept of chemistry is unclear to you, i would not pick Professor Siu. Bottom line, she's a good person, but not the best teacher.
This class is difficult...If you arent interested in learning chemistry...get out before its too late!! If you have prior chem knowledge you can do alright...if not you will struggle...She makes the exam and quiz questions tricky so if you dont fully understand everything...the exam and quizes are easy to fail...I'm struggling even with a tutor
so hard
I enjoyed the teaching style (i.e. overhead notes). She wasn't very clear on her answers to student's questions, which made it hard. I did enjoy it when she played The Doors in class. Otherwise, just do OWL, do well in lab, and STUDY, STUDY, STUDY!
Siu is okay at teaching lab but an extremely difficult grader. She is nit-picky and claims this is to help you learn to "keep records." Really, though, it's to help her ego think her job is important.
If you liked this teacher, it is because you are a suck up. She is a horrible prof, scares you off about asking questions, gets upset. Tests are too difficult for a 100 course.
Interesting .. just not clear
not a fan of her teaching style
SOO difficult! Very rude when you ask her a question too. Weird policy when it comes to exams...Exams are IMPOSSIBLE! Just find another prof. to take this course with!
She thinks that because she knows everything, we should also.
She has a very dry sense of humor. The quizzes are usually pretty easy, but the tests are extremely hard, even if you study. You think you do ok, and you get the test back with a lower grade than you thought you would've gotten. Switch out if possible!!!
She goes really fast through hard topics, quizzes are super easy but tests are impossible, doesn't like to answer questions
Lab instructor. RUDE!! Turned her back and ignored me when I went to her office to ask a question. Marks off for INSIPID things, and gives extra credit for equally stupid stuff. Try to avoid.
She is horrible in the morning. Count how many times she says "these guys", it is a lot!!! Quizzes are super easy, but you will fail the tests, she even tells you that you will- nice lady huh?
snaps at you if you ask questions...very dry sense of humor...tests are worded so you can understand them, she likes trick questions
She is unfair to the students who do not know chem. If you have only taken chem in high school do not take her, because she assumes that you know it. VERY BORING, and DRY SENSE OF HUMOR.
Horrible grader! Marks points off for extremely small errors!
Confusing, I don't recommend her. DISREGARD THE LOSER THAT PRAISED HER!!!!!!!!!
She is SO rude! Won't answer ?s, will just laugh at your ?s! MEAN!
no clue in the class, but easy on the grading, couldn't help if we had questions
exams HARD! quizes not too bad, funny but rude at times
Very bad instructor, avoid her at all costs. Annoying, and can't teach very good
cares too much about herself and not the class or students
BAD attitude. Who does she think she is? Obviously a crappy professor.
Always complaining, never helping. Heaven forbid she HELP students!
if she doesn't talk about it in class,expect on exams!1/2 the class failed final
This professor is a good guy, but an absolutely awful professor. He didn't respond to one email the entire semester and never update grades for the class (just turned them into the university). The tests were super hard for literally no reason (the way he worded things was just weird) & he took attendance everyday. Just seems he has a god complex.
Never knew what would be on tests, whole grade is out of your three exam grades, extra credit is an option but he grades very strictly on the extra credit so it doesnt even feel worth doing
lectures were boring and he talked for the entire class. material wasn't super interesting and tests were hard
Not many grades in this course, 3 tests make up the entire class grade so its important to do good on these, Stoller is a interesting guy but gets very rambly and off topic constantly, most of what you learn in class and take notes on will just be random things possibly not on the test. Its hard to tell whats actually important in this class
He is intelligent, but arrogant. Stoller can come off rude, but utilize his office hours. His tests are difficult, so put in effort and do all of the extra credit. If you plan on taking an easy elective, do not take this course.
Great man. Definitely have to show up to understand what you need for tests. Each one has 50 questions, some are just on there for fun. Not too challenging, and he curves them all. Offers extra credit assignments, just do them, it's worth it. Ask him questions if you have any, he's very nice and loves telling stories
This class in difficult. He puts power point slides up with little information and then lectures the whole class. You are expected to read numerous textbooks with no understanding about what information you should focus on or know for the exam. I pay attention during his lectures and study for days before his exams and still get below average grade
His class is all based on free-speaking lectures, four chapter books, and in-class movies. His teaching style is hard to follow, and you have to come to class, or else you will lose points on your final grade. The only grades are three exams, which are pretty difficult. At least he curves them. This is a very difficult class for a 100 level
Class is made up of three tests, each incredibly hard. Knowing the material is not enough, went to every class, feverishly took notes, and barely got a C. Don't take hm.
Ridiculous professor. Extremely arrogant. Thinks the world revolves around his class...Impossible to follow along with. Went to every class, took notes and studied for the first test. Walked out of the test feeling ok...maybe receiving low b high c and recieved a 48...
I never had a more arrogant or pompous professor in my college career. You don't have to ask the Dr. anything about himself because it won't take long for him to brag about where he's been or the famous anthropologists he knows. Write your papers in French and maybe he'll be more easy on your grading, don't expect to be lauded for that feat though
not my favorite teacher at WCU... he gives a lot of notes so be prepared to write his test are very difficult but at the end of the semester he curves it.. read the books yeah they are boring but the books have a lot of information thats on the test other than that just listen to him and i promise you will learn something new everyday....
Stoller lectures, you take notes, and he tests you on details easily overlooked or things from the book that are not general ideas. But he curves tests b/c he knows they're hard. Not a bad guy.
Incredibly confusing. Constantly got verrrrry off topic! I found this class incredibly useless...and i used to be very interested in Anthropology. Nice guy, but strange.
He gives generous curves to our final grades so stay tuned (about a full letter grade). He is no perfect professor and everyone has flaws. He is a unique and he practices what he preache. He did various fieldworks and published many books.
Had him for Withcraft, Religion, etc. Lectures are boring as hell, films are almost always subtitiled. He's pretty picky and demanding. Has published many books, some aren't bad. No official textbook, some req'd texts are barely used. Final paper is hard
Loves to talk about the Songhai ppl,displays an extreme amount of self-control when people don't turn off their cell phones, I used to be an apprentice to a sorceror! , he shows 2-3 films, the religious cult one with the snakes is disturbing, good prof.
boring -- but i read no books and curve got me a C-....good if your lazy!
brings down other students' grammatical capabilities by belittling them.
Nice guy but is the toughest grader out of all the professors I've had. No matter how much work you put into something, he will pick it apart and give you a C for whatever it is you worked on. His tests are very specific and if you skip one class you are screwed. He also does not believe in email which makes contacting him a whole other battle.
Not a good professor. Never checks his email so if you have a question don't expect to get it answered unless you ask during class. He doesn't use D2L and never posts grades. He uses webcourse which looks like it hasn't been updated since 1992. Often rude to students during class and will argue just about anything. Don't recommend.
Web media class was definitely a struggle for me. He's very hard on grading assignments and he only gives you one test for the whole semester and I found it to be very difficult. If your into the whole web design aspect then I would take it but if your looking just for an easy A then i wouldn't recommend it.
Terrible.
Funny guy but constantly picking on students. After your debate he basically grades you in front of the whole class, picking apart what you did wrong...& that's after he doesn't prepare you for the debates. Decent class though.
This professor is the worst professor I have had in my college career. DO NOT take him. He is arrogant, and extremely disrespectful towards students.
He's amusing, in an obnoxious kind of way. His class is more history than it is current mass media, I was disappointed with the misleading description of the course. Takes attendance for lecture- apparently we're not old enough to arrive on our own accord
I took this course as a writing emphasis and arts, so I was not let down by the lack of teaching. However, if I was a devoted Art major I would have been SERIOUSLY let down. The class was borderline a joke. We hardly did anything throughout the semester, projects and papers were EASY. Take it as an elective if Art is not a future concern of yours!
I'm an ARH minor so I was really excited to take this class but it ended up being really boring and didn't do anything for me at all. I slept through most of the classes, didn't buy the book and got A's on tests and projects, life shouldn't work that way. If you want an easy A, and to not learn anything, take her. If you want to learn, don't.
Liked the class, when she was there!
He's just okay. Although the topics he gave us to write about were interesting, he's never really clear about what he wants in our papers. He rarely even gives us guidelines. I'm also upset how he just gives everyone in the class a B+, even the students who can't use proper grammar!
Not the best class. He is confusing, but fair grader. Not to crazy about him as a teacher.
he talks all class period (not kidding!) grades essays quite hard. readings!
Dr.West is a crazy old man. Got my first C in his class.His class consist of random facts that dont help you on his exams. Despite his inability to teach he is a good person to talk to out side of class
Very poor at letting students know what to expect. In-class quizzes are over material that hasn't been taught yet, tests aren't that bad. Brilliant professor, but not good at teaching...assumes that you already know the material he's teaching.
He is unrealistic about time management and the homework assignments. He is rude, and unprofessional. He has a bad attitude. You need to be a mind reader to figure out how he wants the homework done, and he is very hard on students when grading. I am a straight A student and still struggling in his class. I wouldn't recommend taking his class.
Good instructor but, very FAST
He is very unfair with the grades!
Emling was by far the worst professor I have ever had. She was not very proficient in using technology which bogged down coursework. She was extremely lecture-heavy and would not tolerate any kind of discussion or meaningful argument regarding the course content. Sociology is about discussion and multiple perspectives, the opposite of her style.
Unsatisfied! I'm taking her class through FSU@UC. She NEVER test on anything we discuss in class. What she does test on is obscure information from the book-not even key concepts! EVERYONE is doing bad in this class. She recently called us all cheaters & is having us redo ALL of our assignments from beginning of semester. I want my $ back!
BORING BORING BORING. At first she was very informational, but after a few weeks all she would do was talk about nonsense. Unorganized; never has stuff posted online when she says she will. We watched a few videos, but we have a quiz almost every weekend & a unit test every 3-4 weeks. My recommendation is to print off study guides and lecture notes
Be prepared to read until you're eyes fall out of their sockets. Reading is very dry and repeats itself. Emiling is very helpful if you get sick and need time to make stuff up, but be prepared to read, read, READ!!!
All we do is read in this class and the books aren't even that relevant to the class. She focuses on the flaws of the CJ system instead of criminal behavior. Don't take this class from her! She is very deceiving too. Gives quizzes and then adds stuff that she didn't go over!
she is the worst professor i have ever had! take someone else if at all possible! the only reason i got a 3.5 is because i pretty much read the whole book, and argued tooth and nail at the end of the semester because i knew my grade wasn't right. i learned nothing from her lectures at all. I can't stand this woman!
She was very hard to listen to. There was way too much lecture in her class.
Make sure you get enough sleep before you come to class! She's very liberal and I would not take her again. Homework is easy but the tests are worded funny so they are hard.
If you are a man..prepare to be attacked in class by Emling. She hates men and most of her liberal opinion comes from the fact that men destroy everything good. Her tests are difficult and tricky.so is her grading policy.there are a few copies of her old exams outthere so if you take her look around
The wording on quizzes and tests are made to trick you. She lets her liberal opinions be known, which gets old after a while.
Boring class. Lots of brainless assignments affect your grade. Do your work and you should do fine, but God knows you won't enjoy it, or learn much of interest.
she likes to listen to herself talk. if you try to say anything, she interrupts you. i did not enjoy this class.
This class is so much work! There are 2 quizzes per week that you have to get above an 80% on to continue with the class and in most cases you fail and you have to write paragraphs of the questions you got wrong. So weeks you have a quiz, final test, reflection, and discussion all due. Thats not including the textbook readings you have to do.
Awful. After 4 semesters at NMC I have never had a worse class. I have never had more reading that has nothing to do with the class, yet is tested over. Would advise not to take him as long as you are not a previous favorite. He has no classroom control either. Unfair in grading and should have been a English prof.
just got out of this class. very nice guy and great family he has. he is always willing to help.He likes to put off big papers until the last min and alot of homework isnt very well explained such as the papers
Not a good prof at all. His lectures consisted of him just solving problems on the board while not clearly explaining how to solve it. Assigned online homework assignments which did not match content taught in class, leaving you scrambling to try and teach yourself. Does not post grades online.
Worst lectures ever! Extremely bland, uninformative and all over the place. He is not very willing to help, and likes to just refer students back to their notes. On the positive side, his tests are straight forward and homework is not mandatory but recommended.
The class I took with him was by far one of the worst ones ive taken. He is very hard to follow and goes off on a tanget sometimes. I have never struggled in math, so if you have ever taken a higher math class, this professor is not for you. almost too basic to understand. Definitely have to teach yourself in this class.
Didn't describe subjects well enough. Not great at explaining to students face to face.
SUCH AN EASY CLASS. Attendance is mandatory, which SUCKS. Midterm & Final are take-home, so you don't need to waste time taking notes and paying attention. I used the International Version. It's the EXACT SAME. I used it to do Midterm & Final, and got an A in the class.
This class will be the death of you! If you plan to take it make sure you set aside your entire social life to study for his impossible exams, which, may I add, are entirely essay questions. His grading scale is horrendous and not fair! His lectures are dry and impossible to pay attention in since he does not use slides and frequently topic jumps
Talks EXTREMELY FAST for taking notes. you have to read 2 VERY LONG books. There aren't many options to boost your grade. If you can type REALLY FAST and listen to looooong, boring lectures, this class is for you. Otherwise, i'd skip it.
Killed my love of an interesting topic. Stares into space and at floor during boring lectures, i couldn't stay awake, but discussions were good. Hard grader on papers.
zzzzzzzzzz........
I am glad that I took this prof online instead of in person. Lectures are brutal and loves to call on people to workout problems. Will not move on until you get it (I guess that's a good thing??). He's super smart but had to use outside resources to keep up with lessons and study for exams. Only good thing: he never assigned homework.
Tough material, but find a study group and you'll get through. Difficult to understand what he is saying at times, but you'll figure it out. Take home tests and in class tests makes up final grade. He is a good guy and wants his students to pass. *Side note: it is hilarious when his cell phone goes off with the T-Mobile ring tone
Did not mesh well with teaching style, and failed the final after actually studying. My B- was the lowest grade I've ever received. Like ever.
I would have done better by dropping his class and taking with a different teacher. I had not taken Stats prior to this class and found things very difficult. Towards the end of the semester he made numerous mistakes in class while working out a problem that had to be pointed out by students who knew what was going on.
Easy, but also the most boring class you could take. He is hard to understand, but makes it easy to succeed. Bring a newspaper.
Its obvious that this guy really cares about his students, and loves what he is teaching. That all being said, he is very hard to understand, his quizzes and tests are tough, and his class is so boring you end up just dazing off and wishing you were somewhere more fun, like the DMV.
Are the people rating this ****? This guy is so unclear-he spends most of the time trying to make things simple and ends up confusing everyone. He will keep you till the time (if not after)every class--ridiculously boring.
He doesn't give back grades. He isn't helpful at all. He's doesn't understand that we usually have not idea what the hell he's talking about. He will focus on 1 topic for 3 weeks then try to fit 5 new topics into 1 day. All his test questions are 'which of the following is correct.' Awful, do yourself a favor and take someone else's class.
POOR ALL AROUND QUALITY
Jesus Christ. I studied my ass off for a B, and it wasn't from his notes. It was from my teaching myself. He asks obscure test questions that aren't discussed in class, and tends to teach the same**** 3 classes in a row. He is to be remembered, but only for his comments such as dumber than dirt & that's a fact jack...AVOID!!!
Larry Perry sucks! he is monotone .. ugly as hell, and thinks he is the smartest guy around. He does not tell you whats on the test and makes everything hard. You will learn alot, but at the expense of a bad grade... if you can avoid him .. do it! he always says stuff like "thats dumb as dirt"
Drop his class.
Horrendous tests. Does not like questions to be asked in class.
This teacher expects you to read and know every single thing from the reading. She has very hard test and doesn't stay on topic. I wouldn't reccomend her.
I do not like this teacher at all. I am a freshman in college and new to everything and she grades the class as if we where at the graduate level and i do not believe that is fair to us students. she doesnt go over whats going to be on the test and is constantly changing things on the syllabus without letting us know.
Nice lady however her class is unorganized. She makes you do projects in groups that are pointless and difficult. The groups stay the same through out the year so good luck getting into a group that is good. I would not take this class unless you have to.
horrible horrible professor especially during an 8 am course. she never stops lecturing but the good thing is that she requires participation in order for you to get a good grade so at least you won't completely fall asleep in her class. work your butt off for the projects and the exams or you will barely pull a C.
She is disorganized and kind of unclear. the class however is pretty easy without reading the text..has strange projects for students but with any effort a low B is possible. tests are not very difficult
The class is very disorganized and you really don't know when things are due. She knows her stuff and repeats herself every class time. If you pay attention when she talks you can do well on the test. To get on her good side talk about Ida B. Wells.
He is a difficult professor that demands a lot of work. Very condescending, but you will learn if you can get past his attitude. He is a very very intelligent man who becomes easily frustrated with students. All in all, if you're willing to put in the work and go to class, you'll do fine.
You either get it or you don't-do not take this class in Mat semester.
MANDATORY field trips, essays every class, boring
RIDICULOUS. His classes entail MANDATORY field trips, being talked down to, immensely awkward debates and convos, and inaccurate information. You will most likely be judged by him the first time he meets you and he will not change that opinion of you no matter what. As an advisor, he does care about you education. but a terrible prof.
Lots of work,very hard grader, very unreasonable in a lot of ways (ie "if you yawn at any time ill drop your grade a letter without even telling you") Really likes to weild his authority. Lets his opinions seep into his teaching too much - "thats what i think, so u should too". However is a good guy and teacher who does care about what hes doing.
eeeeeck
Peace.. out. yo he sucks at helping normal kids get good grades. he makes us work tooo hard to get a B. he's mean to alot of people. and power hungry-he needs to be the source of al lknowledge to his students.
extrememly hard....her class made my year hell
Dr. Boyd tried to be too cool sometimes, but in reality she was NOT. I don't think that she prepared us for the exams. She taught one thing then asked us questions about something completely different. I think that SHE needs to go back to school (or check her credentials)!!!
Very difficult class. Studied hard, did terribly. Early morning classes not great, and lectures a bit dull. But she has a dry sarcastic wit which sometimes made me giggle. Tip: Do not answer her questions unless you are positive you are right, no matter how much she coaxes. Its a trick, trust me.
There was too much reading assigned for this class. It was suppose to be a theme 2 class, but was some what of a challenge due to the history majors in the class. I worked really hard in this class. Read all the books assigned except the Nagle book. There are 2 essays (4 pgs each)& 2 exams (multiple choice & essay). Got myself a "B".
Do not take this class unless you are a history Major. She is a very hard teacher. Will grade all your papers very harshly. Stay away unless you want to take a hard class.
she is by far the worst history professor ive ever had in my time at csub. She is degrading in her comments on tests and papers is totally without enthusiasm for the topic and although shes the deptartment head she has no place in a classroom and should do the history department a favor and either stay in her office or retire..DO NOT TAKE HER EVER
Thorough instructor but expects too much for such a lower division class. Her expectations on writing papers is also a bit severe.
The class was lower division but was the hardest class I have ever taken. Test are extremely difficult. Professor Harrie is better than her students and lets you know it. I would recommend taking another teacher. You've been warned!!!
very passionate about the subject but also very tough. even if you keep up with the work it is still hard to get a good grade. i believe it to be next to impossible to get an A
One of the hardest class I taken. Her exams were very difficult. Her study guide didn't help much with the essay portions of her exams. Lots and lots of work! Shes nice but her class was insane.
If you're not a history major DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!!! Its too demanding for a theme class!! Take the bugs and people class instead :)
Tends to take the enjoyment out of learning.
Horrible professor. She didn't make history fun or actually motivate students to learn. Wasted my quarter in that class. Do not recommend. You're going to have to basically read to learn yourself in order to know what she is talking about..
horrible
I want my ten weeks back. She cannot complete a lecture on time. She spent two weeks on one lecture! Five books for a ten week quarter. We did not even discuss one of them (too far behind in lecture), but it was on the final anyway. Gives harsh grades with very little commentary to justify them. Take someone else, save yourself ten wasted weeks
At I enjoyed the things we learned in class but she is VERY unfair with her grading. Do not take her class!
I HATE THIS PROFESSOR!!!! She has no flippin clue what is up or down. Shes way too anal and asks too much of her student, she sucks. BE WARNED: DO NOT TAKE HIST W HER!!!!!!!
She looks like Michael Jackson! and she says MassaTusetts! Her class was so boring, but if you follow the study guides, the tests are easy
She is a horrible lecturer, it was one of those classes I was squirming the whole time. The 5 dry text books she assigned were more interesting.
Not super impressed. Lecture is boring and she makes no effort to change it up. It is very obvious that she loses everyone's focus in class. Grade is weighted on midterm, final, paper, 2 pop quizzes- very little room for error. I did appreciate study guides although too broad.
She was very unclear on what she expected out of students until after the fact. very boring classroom environment.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzz I still haven't woke up
this class sucks, but if u want to do very little work i say take it.
very boring and monotonous and is a tardy nazi!!!!!takes role before class even starts.
Really not helpful. Material biased and boring. I do not reccommend the class or the teacher.
Very boring teacher. All he does is lecture which sounds like he's reading a storybook in which he goes off topic. Has absolutely no sense of humor or any class discussions. If you're a visual learner and can't follow him talking all day, this teacher is not for you.
Maynard knows the subject matter well; however, he still has not gotten over 1968 and you won't either, the class was ment to go to modern history but all we did was sat and talked about hippies very boring, but easy, don't expect fast feedback either.
He's a jerk, and he's very boring. Unfortunately he was the only professor teaching this course, b/c he sucks! Good luck if you have to sit through his classes
Boring!!! Lectures were not educational. Told to many stories to explain history/lecture and even acted the voice out and everything. Should consider going into theatre. Test were too difficult and had nothing to do with what was on the Study guide.
Painfully boring and repetative. Too much lecturing and not enough class interaction.
worst professor ever.
Professor Ault is very intelligent, but his lectures are unorganized and his assignments are nearly impossible to decipher. He never explains his expectations, and doesn't do a very good job of keeping the lecture on track.
I had him for an online class and I really didn't learn anything. The assingments were easy and he is a weird guy though.
Online class. Didn't answer emails promptly or consistently. Slow to grade. Class was extremely easy but didn't really learn a lot.
Mike is definitly a very intelligent man, however it is hard for him to stay on topic. He is very easily distracted, which can make him hard to follow. Tests are very easy, as long as you know the objectives. He is nutty, though
clothing is distracting, dont rely on notes, he let me take a test over but not the final.... The dude is weird, seriosly
you won't learn much in his class. Tests easy, easy 4.0.
She is very disorganized. She also has mandatory field trips that students pay for.
Karen I would say is a below-average professor. Her lab class is boring, she she makes no effort at least that I can see to make it more fun, interesting, and engaging. Worst thing about her though is that she thinks she knows everything and it shows in the way she talks down to other students.
Must read the book! The way she grades the test is really helpful. Plus she'll eliminate the worst grade you get on the test. There are 3 papers and they're super easy. Her lectures are super boring but the class is not too hard.
Here's what it boils down to: If you can handle the way she talks, God bless you. Her tests are easy, projects are cake. She lets you bring your laptop to class, & thank God because her lectures are so damn boring and drawn out you'll need them. She's ALWAYS right, so don't challenge. And she is very unhelpful when it comes to a concern. Good Luck!
What an absolutely HORRIBLE professor! She is completely RUDE and is NOT understanding at all! 3 absences allowed and after that -1% of overall grade. Horrible, horrible! Covers approx 5 chapters overall and expects you to lear the other 7 on your own. Tests have a ranking system which is what will protect you from failing.. HORRIBLE PROFESSOR!
too much material to study for. Testing system is benifical, yet the material covered is an unreasonable amount for the test. her grading system is fair. Very unapproachable and heartless when it comes to being a concerned student.
don't bother raising your hand about anything, she'll just ridicule you and shut you down. she's arrogant and rude. sounds like someone's got some issues from her own childhood! and what's with the hair do?
what's up with the hair-do lol She loves to embarrass people infront of others, I will never take another class with her again.She makes you feel uncomfortable
she is rude and loves to embarrass you infront of the class. I will never take this teacher again!
I think she is very opiniated and not approachable.
I thought that she was fine in class, but very unapproachable and unhelpful outside of class.
Interesting lectures, but very unapproachable. Has a bad attitude when talking to her one on one.
I took this class for my upper division. She makes you write a lot of paper with very strict requirements and offers little to no guidance on her expectations. She has weekly homework discussion boards and plenty of quizzes. Her exams and quizzes are based off the most random things in the textbook instead of actual concepts. DO NOT take her!
Im currently in her class, discussions are fair, tests are fair, however the way she grades the assignments are a bit harsh. She has a point, she clearly wants to better our understanding and writing, but she leaves comments without thinking twice. Try not to take it to heart, and just suck it up and work on it to avoid it the next time.
She does have a clear grading criteria, since it's an online class. However, she just assigns readings and quizzes every week and discussions. She gives a guide on what to focus on the reading for the test, but it's too vague. The readings are so long and she asks very specific questions. You can pass but her system is pretty annoying. Good luck.
The professor has not graded anything in the last month. She does not specify exactly how she wants assignments formatted. For instance, we've turned in four assignments and she has only graded one. Very very big on plagiarism-make sure to quote everything. Be very very cautious about taking this professor.
Everything is sort of laid out in the beginning. However, there was an added assignment that seemed like it was worth points but I guess wasn't. The tests were pretty tough but I think they were straight from the author of the book. Relies heavily on postings which are easy points if you do them at a decent level. Worst grade for me in a while.
DO NOT TAKE HER! she didn't grade my work until the last two weeks of the course so I had nothing to go off of the whole quarter. She was extremely unhelpful and rude. If you are forced to take her, as I was, DO NOT BE SCARED TO GO ABOVE HER! It is not okay the way she treats her students. I had straight As. I paid for a ghost class without a prof.
Don't take this teacher! She just reads straight from power points and only likes to talk about what she cares about. The topic isn't all that interesting as she presents it. The workload of the class isn't too hard, just annoying at times.
Beware, This Professor has very conflicting information in the syllabus and what is on the discussion, etc. I the turn in dates are not the same so you really don't know when the stuff it due. No grace either. I would not recommend her.
Pratt seems to be good at what she teaches, but don't expect her to be on your side with anything. If you can't make a class and contact her about it, she will investigate your excuse for validity. We also had to write a paper on a 2-hour-long powerpoint presentation; the movie wouldn't work on my computer so she gave me half credit for 1 day late
I feel she is a terrible instructor. She probably should be teaching women's studies. I would not take this class or any with her!
Crazy Canadian!!!!! She loves her home country and talks crap about america. FUN
didn't enjoy class. tests were unformatted to his lectures or the book, neither helped.
HARD HARD HARD...
Dr. Adolino is nice and has good intentions. But her lectures are painfully boring and focus on European politics. There is no opportunity to engage with material, collaborate with peers, or apply any of the knowledge aside from the two papers. There's only a midterm and final, little opportunity to bring your grade up if you screw up.
I didn't find this class material difficult. However, the exams were not exactly easy. I wouldn't recommend taking her. The lectures are very dull and a bit hard to follow. Also, the exams weigh heavily and do not take if you're not a good test taker. Lots of studying to pass the exams. Attendance is not mandatory, which is nice.
You have all tests and quizzes online based on readings and textbook... I wasn't supposed to take this class I did it on accident so I was very confused the whole time. If this a course you're supposed to take I bet you would be fine, this was just a me mistake LOL!
she's dry when it comes to lectures and i find that the exams don't correlate to things she's said in class, mostly because the questions are like a paragraph long with answer choices a-e that all sound the same. in the exams you're basically trying to find the most correct answer and praying for the best, the nice thing is that it was online
One of the hardest classes. The quizzes and tests don't correlate to what she teaches or what the readings are on so it's impossible to get a good grade. Plus she doesn't show grades to her students.
Dr. Adolino is a ruthless grader. She has incredibly strict writing guidelines and takes off significant percentages of grades for minor errors. She has significantly higher standards than other professors at JMU. While this is normally a good thing she immediately expects her students to be on her level. If it is not to her standard it is wrong
She is scary! Stern, boring, over-opinionated,never smiles.
very dry
Particular about grading. Learn his style and you'll be okay. Tells you most of the test problems, so memorize them. Go to drill, the TA does the homework for you and attendance at drill is free bonus points
I went to class, read meticulously & did all the homework. 5 wks: 2 hrs a day: 5 days a wk. None of this saved me. Taking a class with Jong is a right of passage at UARK,but there were some glaring prblms. Racism specifically towards black students, refusal to answer many Qs, and overtly telling several students they were dumb/stupid. NOT OK
Very predictable. Go to drill and do ALL the homework.
He's a nice guy, but a terrible teacher. His quizes aren't too hard but he doesn't allow enough time to finish them. He's hard to understand at times and when you ask a question, he makes you look stupid in front of the entire class. Avoid taking any class with him if possible.
VERY predictable. If you have a notebook from past semesters, class will be a breeze. He thinks he's gods gift to engineering though, and will never help you or admit you are correct about ANYTHING. A ****, but the class is manageable with a notebook.
This class should not be that hard! It's basically: sum of forces equals zero and sum of moments equals zero. But Jong has managed to turn this into one of the most confusing, frustrating courses ever. His book compounds this confusion. By all means, take this class somewhere else if you can!! Like at UA Fort Smith.
just don't say the word "crap"...he will count off on your quiz
i didn't have time to study
prepotent
He basically teaches and especially presents the test questions in a kind of cipher. If you can learn to break it, the questions are then only time consuming (about as time consuming as it is possible to make them for the type of problem).
This is one of the most immature and unprofessional professors I have come across. He is condescending and inappropriate with his comments. He believes that the evolutionary theory is the only truth.
Assigns too much work and can't return it in a timely fashion. Asks for assignments and teaches how to do them once they've been corrected.
Awful, unclear, demaning, ****! I don't recommend. You can try, try, try, but he'll still talk down to you and offer little assistance with the impossible quizzes and exams.
Very interesting class, wish he didn't have to grade. He was just very unclear had us reading like 3 (100 page) chapters a night, it's a good class for those students who don't have to earn a living and don't have kids.
Extremely tough course and the instructions are not all that clear
Very similar personality to Prof. Rink who he teaches this class with though a bit more subdued. Once you get past his dead on Sylvester the Cat and realize that's his true voice his excitement over seemingly nonsensical things coupled with a very dry and scientific sense of humor causes class interest to fade. Very hard grader though tests are only sort of hard.
Dr. Moe is finally retiring. Thank GOD! If I had to listen to one more rant about Yosemite, my head was going to explode. I love National Parks, but after listening to Dr. Moe, I would be happy to never see Half Dome again! He is totally in love with nature. Yuck!
Dr. Moe is the worst teacher on earth. In this specific class he does not lecture at all. Just asks us if we have any questions on the chapter and quickly moves on.First test there was an average of 63(most got around this score) Tell me that doesn't have to do with him not sucking as a teacher. Hard to talk to too.
I think he may be schizo or have multiple personalities, one day he's nice the next day you could swear it was his time of the month. Not a very approachable man, lectures are interesting sometimes, but not a very nice man.
Seems to have multiple personalities. You never know which dr. moe you're going to get every night.
Dont take this guy if you can manage. Hours of endless busy work when there's already so much in-class reiteration. Dont ever miss one class, dont ever miss one homework problem and dont ever ask a question in class(unless you want him to make you look dim) He doesnt even grade his own homework assignments and grades harshly on the tests.Horrible
Let's just say a select few of us in Honors Stats like to refer to him as "Dr. Jerkse." I think he overdid it with the busy work and grading. Not a super friendly guy. Obviously knows his stuff, but probably shouldn't have become a teacher.
Wow, so condescending. This was hardly a real class, and it was only 1 unit but it seriously stressed me out. He doesn't really ever talk normally, he just rants and raves angrily. Thank God I don't have to take stats!
If you are an honors student looking at taking this class next year, do yourself a favor and take it before and plea ignorance. His grading is very unfair, he picks a couple of problems and that determines your grade on the whole HW. If you do end up with him DO ALL HOMEWORK. He grades so hard on it, that you need to do every one. **AVOID DIRKSE!**
I'm a '93 grad that had Dirkse around '90 for advanced probability. I think he's a brilliant man that needs to temper his heavy handedness. I'll never forget the forum on the Kennedy assasination. If you ever get a chance ask him on it, it's enlightening
Extremely hard grader. Expects a lot from his students. Also he is not the nicest of people so I would recommend avoiding any of his classes if possible!
He gives far too much homework for a college course. He grades the homework very hard; expect to lose many points there. You also have to do community service. Please tell me what community service has to do with stats! Ridiculous!
Fred tries to engage students, but ends up polarizing them instead. He makes attendance a mandatory chore then wastes your time talking about whatever he wants, then gets mad when you try to work on homework or look at your phone. Groups are a must if you want to do well on tests so get to know yours and makes sure to collect notes on homework.
This class intentionally convolutes basic biological principles. The exams are open book, but they're designed in a way that no one can ever reasonably prepare for them. Lectures don't prepare you for anything either. They will bore you, even with his pictures of elephants having sex because they are incessantly directionless and random.
Lectures go completely off topic and no matter if you come to every single lecture, take great notes, and participate the tests will never make sense. The tests are about random scenarios that he comes up with himself. I am a pre-med biology major and 4.0 student and I have a C... hardest class I've ever taken.
take cell bio first!!!! even with good notes and attendance, you won't be able to study for the test. just rely on what you learned in cell
Very intelligent, but knows it and shows it. He does not know how to teach complex information on a freshman's level.
Taken online. I thought he would help answer questions (since this is a stats class) - he does not. Instructions unclear. Be prepared to truly teach yourself with no direction from him. Grades extremely hard. I'd sometimes spend 3 hours completing hw - miscalculate 1 thing (even though my logic was right) and I got a C on that project.
Although his class was fairly easy and straightforward, I didn't like his personality. He would question you for leaving during lecture to go to the restroom by saying you should have done so before. Dislikes anyone leaving during class in general and thinks he's humorous but I don't believe he is. Almost condescending in a way. Don't recommend.
nice guy and tests are from the study guide. however he's arabian and kind of hard to understand sometimes. i thought i did good in the class and he still gave me a D+. i don't understand why. he's pretty easy though, i guess i would reccommend him.
Watch out! Be careful what you say
The worst teacher I have ever had. Doesn't teach in class just talks about his life and expects you to know everything. He doesn't know we are in class to LEARN. He expects us to learn on our own and do everything by ourselves. Doesn't teach al all!!!
I took this professor because there is no other option. He's only teacher that teaches this course. He's great and all but he's just too old to be teaching already. He basically messed up all our scores by using a different answer key for the scantrons. I'm sorry if you have to take him. Just read the book and really work hard with your group.
I do not recommend her. She's pretty hard. Theres a lot of reading and she expects you to know it all. Her tests cover about 5 chapters, if not more, and her study guides consist of listings like these: "chapter 5: more or less everything; etc"; so as you can see they were not real helpful. Avoid her if you can. Good luck if you can't!
She is nice, but her expectations are just soooo high.
Completely vague on her assignments, doesnt explain anything. She is unapproachable, condescending, and rude with students. I dont know why she is still a professor or even the coordinator for the program she clearly does not want to be teaching or around students. If you can avoid her please do.
Somewhat disorganized and tends to get off the subject to talk about things that interest her. I didn't really get anything out of the class.
Although he seemed like an okay person, his teaching methods weren't the best. He doesn't provide powerpoint presentations & hardly writes anything on the board. His tests are the most difficult tests I've ever taken and the class test averages were always REALLY low.
His exams are unfair and crazy! has nothing to do with what were on Lectures. Those exam questions are out of line. Everyone in my class did awful.
funny, but hard class. i scored well above the average on the first two midterms and on the first paper but not on the second paper.i have no idea what happened to the final, but i ended up with a C. how does that happen?and who the hell got As in that class? i want to know
Professor is entertaining durings lectures but is somewhat of a hypocrite. He will always remind students he's not trying to trick students and that everything in the lectures will be on the exams so focus on that...well I'd say 90% of the first midterm didn't even have anything on it from the lectures or the book.
The class was acomplete waste of time, the lectures and tests were not related. Has favorites and has very high expectations. Almost impossible to do well..
Funny man. Keeps you entertained. Even though the test is open notes/book the exam is very hard. Lectures are far away from what are on the exam.
I hated having him as a professor. It was an hour and 48 minute class and all he does is talk and talk and talk. There is no discussion or classroom involvement at all. And also I feel like he finds himself to be a very important person and wants all his students to think so too. I hated COMP STUDIES 270H. :(
Nice, interesting guy; uninteresting class. Powerpoints were excellent, but class was very dull and extremely repetitive.
I felt like he used a "comparative" religion class to preach about Buddhism. He even got defensive when the discussions actually became comparative. I also don't feel like he taught much, he just let us talk with expectations of what we should say, so most weren't really honest, just trying to please him to get a good grade. I wouldn't do it again.
Class was interesting, but lectures were kind of dry at times...Prof Jones helped this by his amazing Power Point skills and using examples from his (very diverse) life experience. Two papers that were graded pretty tough.
He might know what he is talking about, but he is thrown off by questions. His lectures drag, but the readings were helpful.
Hard to understand exactly what he is asking for...
Dr. Jones is very boring and extremely strict. Prepare to orientate yourself.
Very Boring
Prepare to sleep
Hard teacher. Hard subject. Boring lectures. I would have got a higher grade had i gone to class more. If you dont miss his class then you will do fine.
He is basically hard. He wants his assignments to be exactly how he wants them. He takes points off for everything. And he gets off track while he is teaching.
One of the worst teachers on campus. He does not clearly explain what we do wrong on our homework assignments. Also very biased and tries to turn his class into a political campaign instead of actually teaching the damn class!!!
High book use, like stated, attendance is not needed when he uses the powerpoints from the publisher... its like reading the book in class. All tests are created from a test bank. Even after reading the book and doing the homework, the tests are still difficult.
He gives no study guide and his tests are extremely detailed. He also uses highly technical vocabulary on tests that completely confuses the student. But he does give points liberally on the essay questions, but those again are highly technical and detailed.
Macro Econ is not that hard of a subject, it is just that he grades to hard on the midterms,quizzes (which I might add you have to pay for).
he is one of he most frustrating professors I have ever had. He likes you to pay attention to detail which is fine but the things he wants to know are only possible to recall if you have the notes in front of you during the tests which of course is not allowed. I studied hard for his class yet got bad grades it's almost impossible to do well.
hOMEWOKR IS WORTH A LOT OF POINTS
My saving grace was happy hour just before this dreck.
Very thoughtful, helpful professor. Very qualified for macroeconomics, knows his lectures and very bright. But do not recommend taking if you have a hard time staying focused,are a hands on person & busy. Very challenging class, wish I found this site before I took the class, may have to take again!
Impossible midterm...only 2 got C's...the rest were all D's and F's...studying did not help...he skips over too many important sections and moves way too fast over important material...try another proffesor if you want to learn applicable economics.
Mid term is very hard, most of the class failed, lectures are boring, he's picky about grading, losts of quizzes.
wasn't very helpful. Most of the class was failing by mid-quarter. I would suggest a different professor.
I hated the class, he wasn't all that nice. Made the impression that you couldn't go to his office for help.
Lectures arent very hands on. Hours of homework each week, pages on pages of open response, very tough grader on those. I took AP physics before so I knew a lot of this stuff in advance, but the way he explained it just made it confusing. Dont like leaving a bad review but hopefully this helps prof correct the problem for future students.
Dr. Gea seems incapable of speaking like normal person. It's like he's trapped in a world where he can only communicate effectively with other physicists. I HIGHLY recommend learning the material online from Mr. Palmer of Flipping Physics. Watch his videos before attempting the homework since Dr. Gea's textbook has very few helpful examples.
For a department chair, he's honestly pretty lousy. I don't think you can avoid him if you're taking physics as an engineering major, but if you can, do it. He is very vague, and is very redundant to answers questions in lecture, with responses like, "We covered that last week, read your textbook" Lab is where you learn. Be sure you get a good TA.
He's a quirky, funny guy, but not that great of a professor. Not many problems are worked in class so you are left struggling trying to figure out how to do them on your own. If you have not taken a physics course before this one (like myself), be prepared for a difficult time. You do a lot of teaching yourself in this class.
He seldom works examples in class. He can be sassy over email. He doesn't seem to be familiar with the homework which you have to do in a special format. The letter grade breakdown is definitely to your advantage though. I recommend seeing lab tas for help.
Kind of vague. He has some good power points but his lecture sounds like one big ramble with minor interruptions where he giggles about physics things no one else understands or cares about. Read your book before class and it helps a lot.
Tends to go off on tangents. Giggles constantly which is endearing at first but soon gets old. Seems nice, but can get prickly if you talk in class or come in late. If you're in architecture you probably have to take him, but be prepared for a little frustration.
Took the class via the internet. It was a lot of work, but he is not too hard on the grading. The tests were difficult because they are timed and the information they ask for is very specific from the text, but if you review for an hour before you take the test it makes it easier.
Seemed more interested in getting to know the female students.
Easy class but he doesnt help you at all I just taught myself and when I got something wrong he wouldnt explain why.
I hated this class. Yes, it was easy, but he was disorganized and confusing in his lectures.
Drew Casper makes lectures relatively entertaining, but its hard to learn any material from them because theres no structure. Depending on what TA you have for discussion, your papers will be graded differentlyand mine didnt give anyone in the class an A. 190 is not an easy GE. Theres a lot of papers and material to cover. Wouldnt recommend.
(I'm a film major) Please try the to take the waiver exam! I wished I studied more for it. Makes up his own terms. TA covered 2 hr lecture in less than 40 min. Screens white, predominately cishet male movies. He is rude to students unless you literally buy into his mythology by buying him lunch (he's the highest paid faculty member??).
Dr. Casper calls on random students, which is makes a lot of fun but also gives a lot of stress to people who are not good at Cinematic arts and only take it for ge (like me). It's hard to get an A, there are lots of strong competitors from cinema school who made the average scores high, so don't choose it as GE A. But one film per class is cool.
I've had Casper for 190, 394, and 464. I can't tell if I like his classes, or if I'm just used to the way they work (which makes it easy to get A's, because all of his classes are the same). Don't bother getting the text for 190. Condescending. Not the god people outside SCA think he is. Learn his terms, review your notes, and you'll be ok.
CTCS 190 is not an easy class. It is 3 essays and 2 exams. The midterm is very hard and the final is a load of bull where you can write anything you want and get a good grade. If you try your best you could probably get a B. This class requires a love for cinematic styles and such, it is very hard overall. He is energetic but I did not like stress
I took this class as a GE because I'd heard so much about it, but honestly it's not worth the tons of work you have to do just to get a B. Grades are entirely subjective and solely based on which TA you get, which is very frustrating because some grade way harder than others. 3 papers (all super hard) + midterm + final determine total grade.
He is very passionate about film and really loves what he is doing. However he sometimes goes on tangents that don't really have a purpose and sometimes puts on performances rather than lectures. Second half of the semester was more difficult to follow.
Very eccentric indeed, but the good side is his lecture never bores you out. Nevertheless, it's neither helpful. You have to turn to your TA for help if you want to pass your exams.
Please take Drew Casper's class with a grain of salt. He is at USC with a lot of knowledge, and he structures his lectures like a performance. The class watches a wonderful selection of classic films in a great location and although Casper is a lot to handle and is extremely opinionated, he has valuable things to teach. Take this class.
More of a critic than an actual professor. Performs at a theatrical level that diminishes teaching. His biased opinions and unimportant interests will create tangents during the lessons, driving away from the main focus. What is more important than exhibiting knowledge is to effectively teach it in a proper manner. This guy doesn't get that.
One of the most eclectic lecturers probably in the country. he will touch student's faces, force them to sing, and a multitude of acts to embarrass them in front of 250 students He's not particularly clear and certainly isnt what I would call approachable. if you want to pass you must analyze the hell out of your notes and rely on your ta.
He definitely performs, does not lecture. Do not be the first one to raise your hand during the first class, otherwise he will pick on you for the rest of the semester (don't want that unless you have the answers to all his questions.) For the class itself, the weekly workload is non-existent, but be prepared to study a lot to do well on the exams.
His first priority is definitely to put on a show for his students, but his passion for film really grabs the attention of the class. He does go off on tangents a lot though, and sometimes he even skips parts of a lecture.
Casper is a really enthusiastic lecturer, but he speaks really quickly, likes to pick on students, and uses his own terminology. Tests are based on lecture and film notes. 2 papers. TA's a really helpful for clarification (Braden was great). Class exposes you to some films you wouldn't otherwise see.
I came in knowing I didn't fully appreciate Hitchcock. I left confident that Hitch is extremely overrated. There're a handful of good films, but otherwise 75% of the ones you watch will start to blur together. Casper's overzealousness and failure to see/hear/say anything negative about Hitch. only serves to fuel my hatred. STUDY IN GROUPS.
Over the top, entertaining, makes up his own diction (I.e. temporal design instead of editing).
After my second experience in a Casper class, my hatred has been solidified. His taste in movies and his opinions are outdated and yet he thrusts them on to you with such force that the whole class is really off-putting. This class was in postmodern film and most lectures consisted of ranting on postmodern film. Avoid him and this class.
Very animated, passionate and knowledgeable professor. Incredibly unique. Unfortunately, he often goes off on crazy tangents and sometimes doesn't cover all lecture material properly. If anything, attend his classes for the experience.
Casper has the largest ego of anyone i have met and is entirely too dramatic, but if you can deal with that you'll be fine. the class is straightforward at the beginning and then becomes frustratingly arbitrary. The exams aren't bad and the material isn't too difficult either. Just be prepared to clap for him after every class
Prof. Casper cares a lot about his profession, and is apparently really proud of it because he thrives on applause. His lectures can be entertaining, but I find that he's often unnecessarily hostile to his students. If you take him, prepare to do a lot of work. Make sure to analyze each movie using every week's lessons.
He is very knowledgable but gets ahead of himself when giving notes. The test and paper require a lot of time if you want to pass. Study hard and research.
The class is a bunch of made up terms and lacks content. Casper just uses it as a rant against today's world of film. The class is of no value.
entertaining
Entertaining class but it's pretty hard to get a good grade.
Drew Casper is an experience! However, its EXTREMELY difficult -- I had 30 pages of typed notes for both the midterm and the final that had to be applied to 18 different films. Casper can be vague or skip chunks of material, you must ask your TA for help. This is an excruitating class. Dont take unless its a grad req, but do sit in on his lectures!
I HATE THIS MAN. He obviously wanted to be an actor but didn't cut it. Although his conservatism is refreshing in a normally liberal-minded major, he is basically a mean and hateful person. And his new chin does nothing for me. Maybe he should have had surgery on some other bodypart. He just makes up his own words and genres and tests you on it.
He's obviously dedicated, but I found it very hard to take away any concrete knowledge from his course. More of a film cheerleader than a scholar. A Lot of fluff and attitude, little content.
A teacher that scares me to death. However, he does know what he's talking about. Participation and attendence is never an issue with the lectures, and the movies screened are engaging. Not recommended for the easily offended, however.
What a crazy guy, lectures are energetic but not very connected which makes not taking extremely hard. Fun class, he just expects a whole lot. Does he reming anyone else of Willem Dafoe in Boondock Saints?
He's very nutty! don't take him!
he can be a little over-the-top. and he hates post-modernism
I couldn't believe that a Film music class could demand SO much of your time. For an A or B in his class you MUST read ALL materials (LOTS of reading) and be able to ID music in random, not the melody, spots! Though, he is very kind and understanding, I would not reccomend him for a THEME 2 course. Too much work for a GE class!!
This class was a waste of time, it was way harder than any of the other non-honors (honors classes arent any harder my ass, thanks flachmana)general ed alternatives, and you literally get nothing out of it that the average person will ever use. Music 100 or art 101 would be a stretch, but there is no way to justify required this for general ed.
the longest 10 weeks of my life...for a stupid lower division course...glad I'm not a music major
I really dont think its fair to hide a students progress and grades from them the entire semester. He put no grades in blackboard making it impossible to see our progress, and it was pretty much a surprise at the end of the semester but of course its too late to change it. Think thats unfair and should not be allowed.
He didn't teach much most of the semester. Tests are super easy if you just take notes. He spent a lot of time playing funny videos and most of the time, students just messed around. I watched Netflix or napped. You don't learn much, but it's an easy A. There is 1 project and little to no homework. Late on grading.
Great guy, awful class. His lectures were interesting but if you don't have the book, or don't read it, you will not pass. His tests have nothing to do with his lectures.
did not think previous feedback was accurate. Teacher wastes about an hour of class watching youtube videos and browing articles on the internet. the last half hour he actually teaches .Also gives open book multiple choice. However, the answers are not in the book or his notes. class is a waste of time!
Boring as heck but easy. Some inaccuracies in history application.
This guy is pretty funny which kept me awake thru what would otherwise be said to be a boring class. He did make fun of some of the students though. And he was very approachable
Hard to understand at times. Midterm/final take home and in class part for what he teaches just based on him. He is all over the place when he talks, confusing and hard to take notes and while you're writing he moves on to something else.
Took this class online. He was present for most of the first half but disappeared pretty much the rest of the term. I did all the assignments, took the quizzes and exams, but still don't know what some of my grades were because many were not posted (including the final exam). Ended up with an A, though.
Wasted class time on eharmony and gossip on meaningless topics..didn't get much from the class. I wouldn't take his class again, even if i had to.
I'm taking this class online now. The assignments are too lengthy, never have the time to finish them. I've sent him numerous e-mail asking for help explaining things, have only gotten a response once. Just took the midterm and it is easy, you just need to think about things. The class is basically common sense and your opinion.
took his online class. He is slow to grade and even slower to responding to attempts at communication. When he does respond do not expect his answer to help or mean anything. He is a stickler for promptness on assignments yet is never prompt with his own input into class. I would not expect more than grading and posting of assignments from him.
took him online. hardly ever answered e-mails on time but did sometimes. took forever to post assignments and grades and the tests were right from the book so they werent too hard, just alot of looking up and stupid questions. try to get another teacher for soc i didnt learn anything.
He always showed up late, and wasted the first 20 minutes of class talking about sex, stealing things, Britney spears, and Anna nicole. Somewhat entertaining, but a waste of time. Tests were very hard, and I got the only C I have gotten in college, the others have been A's. I never felt like I actually learned anything, he was entertaining though.
Do not take this professor! I took his class online, and he is not helpfull at all. He didnt anwser any of my emails. He doesnt give you your grades unitl the end, and even then he doesnt give them all. Horrible horrible teacher! Not helpfull at all.
Open book tests. Very easy guy. Atendance is not mandatory, although go through the text book once a while.
what a NIGHTMARE. never, ever responds to e-mails. useless.
Very liberal teacher. Some of his theories are a little out there. Nice guy overall however his tests are completely unfair
I wouldn't reccomend him. I didn't get take home tests, unlike others stated. Read the book, or otherwise you won't do well on the tests. It takes him forever to respond to emails, and to grade assignments. He is a nice guy, and very knowlegeable, but his tests catch you really off guard. You wonder where he got the questions from.
poor teacher, very very easy. great gpa booster. buy hte book, the tests are take home.
Class was extremely boring. If you aren't a hardcore way out there liberal, watch out cause he will turn the class against you if you tend to be more conservative in beliefs.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR...if you have him, get out.The class was boring,and his lectures don't follow the book or syllabus.Half the time you don't know what he's talking about.Tests are hard, but the midterm is take home. assignments,but d
Didn't learn much in his class, but he has a good sense of humor and makes class interesting. Final was very difficult, nothing like what was on study guide. Never returned homework, had no idea what grade was throughout semester, not very clear
Very hard tests question on material he never talks about, boring class take another prof this class will kill your GPA
didnt learn a thing, nice guy a bit lazy?
my summer job of working at the sperm bank, and watching paint dry was more fun
Her exams are harder than you know what
Class is very fast paced! But do your work and you'll get through it! PROOFREAD!
Doesn't spend time talking about chapters or homework.
He does know his stuff. However, both jazz classes weren't as difficult as I thought they would be. We can learn more than one dance a semester!
shes difficult to understand at times, and i just didnt like her teaching methods at all.
Professor Castelao-Lawless was a very nice lady and certainly tried to make class bearable, but wasn't a very good teacher. She's hard to follow in her lectures. Her handwriting is also atrocious and thats how all notes are taken. Only two tests and the final go into the grade book, so if you're not a good test taker then don't take her course.
Avoid her at all costs. Her handwriting is very poor and her notes are all over the place on the board. She grades her exams as if it is a graduate level class (spelling also matters). She belittles the class because we are all undergrads and do not have a PhD like her (she constantly talks about her education). Class is passable but not suggested.
Run away as fast as you can! Her handwriting is horrendous, her tests have to be exact word for word or you will not pass the test. She expects a lot from you! I did all the homework, all the reading and prepared myself for every test and she graded the tests so harsh. Not only is her teaching hard to understand but she has a tough accent.
She is very rude, a very tough grader, and has the worst hand writing I've ever seen. You have to be VERY specific and detailed on your exams or you will not do good. She also laughs at people opinions, makes them feel stupid, and talks over everyone when they're trying to explain what they're thinking. I hated this class. I do not recommend it.
One of those professors that thinks she's teaching a graduate school seminar and grades accordingly for a 100 level intro gen ed philosophy class
Her class is quite difficult, even when you read all of your materials. Your grade is based off of three tests, so if you do bad on them, then it's difficult to pass. She allows students to get up to 5 points of extra credit to help cushion grades. You have no homework, just reading. Her writing is illegible, but you can ask her to repeat stuff.
Horrible handwriting and she knows it. Talks extremely fast. Expects you to be an expert on the philosopher you choose for you exam. All free response to questions she writes which aren't always clear. From portugal- has accent. VERY TOUGH GRADER. and then you can't read any comments she makes on your essays... horrible experience. hated it all.
Don't take this class if you don't have her. She is a rough grader..When you pick to write about a philosopher do not pick the harder one, she will not give you more points, she will grade you the same as everyone else. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS, She makes this class so boring. DIFFICULT GRADER
Her handwriting is horrible! She knows her stuff but she expects a lot from her students, she does not use BB so you dont know how you're doing til the end of semester.
This class is really boring, I can hardly stay awake in it. She grades extremely hard on the exams which are all essays. Take a different prof if at all possible!!
She's not very good at writing on the board, which is most of the class. You basically learn about philosophers, take notes and take essay tests, presentation at the end of the semester, 3-4 tests altogether, no homework. Overall a pretty good teacher, hard time reading her handwriting, plus she has an accent. Overall good teacher.
I do not recommend taking this class. She grades her papers hard and is not clear about what she wants in her assignments. I got A's in all of my other hard science classes, and ended up with a B- for this class. It was the most boring class I have had.
I knew him personally before I took the class and went into the class not being affected by other's negative comments. I could not have been more naive. His class seems to be structured well, but really it is structured so that it works well with his committees. I would not recommend him. His lectures are a diatribe of pitiful experiences.
He is so busy with his academic senate that I think the teaching comes second. He expects students to know four entire chapters by heart - ridiculous! Completely subjective grading - based on whether he likes you or not. DON'T TAKE!
This class is graded with discussion boards, 3 assignments, a midterm, and a final. The class is fairly easy but he is the problem. He is hard to get in contact with, he isn't specific about what he wants, he can be rude through emails, and is unorganized. The midterm was 4 written questions but he was a tough grader on them. He's worst in person.
Do not take this teacher!!! This is the only bad grade I have received my entire college career. He is NON RESPONSIVE to email,voicemail,or even answer his phone during office hrs.I had to drive over 180 mi just to get to talk to him since it was an online class. (One of my friends even burned the text book after taking his Comm Law class).
This teacher is hard to understand but he likes what he teaches so he wants everyone else to like it. His tests are not that hard and his assignments are pretty easy.
I have mixed feelings about Dr. Wang. His lectures are borderline useless and you will learn almost nothing directly from him or his lectures. However, nobody has ever become a worse programmer because of him. Taking a class with Wang is a double-edged sword. On one hand, it will be VERY difficult. But on the other, you will definitely learn.
Science courses on this class are 5 units. This course is best described as a 15 unit course. He grades the database report thoroughly and fair although it is extensive, with a minimum of 80 pages allowed. A graphical user interface connecting to the database and manipulating data is the final and he is extremely picky about it. It's deep Wang.
Dr. Wang is the man! Doesn't explain what we're doing, but gives us the code like an hour later so that's cool I guess. Don't really know what he's saying sometimes, but he looks so energized and happy about it so I go with it. Nice dude.
He seems to have lived in the states for over two decades, but his English is very incomprehensible! I took three courses with him (DBase, Java and Senior Sem). The syllabi contain obvious mistakes (no exception!). I bet that he cannot pass the CSU Graduate Writing Exam. Well, he does not have to -- Good for him, not for the university!
While he seems to know a great deal about databases (this class's focus), he knows very little about languages student are told to use for class projects (such as Java). Has a tendency to repeat words, repeat words, repeat words and phrases. His explanations make sense once you translate them.
does not speak english very well, which can interfere with the class at times. has a habit of starting class early and insulting the class as a whole. he does know C++ very well, but seems like he would rather be teaching another language. I would not take him unless you already have a good grasp of the subject. watch for lost in translation issues
terribleeee teacher. Did not make it an easy/understandable class.
People who say they got an A & he is a good teacher are wrong. I have a Masters degree, and I am an A student. I expect much MORE from a teacher. Wait til you take some excellent profs & you will laugh at your response.
i had heard he was a good teacher last semester so i figured i would give him a try. now i haven't had him for lecture so i can't say how he is lecture wise but lab wise...terrible. he has left for most of the duration of the class period at times and doesn't answer questions you ask--guesses at what you are asking rather then listen to you.
I am an A student & hard-working. Class SO not worth it. Impossible to keep up with lecture. Hand-outs-inaccurate-spend hours finding information with wrongly cited pages. Tests-ridiculously difficult/diagrams unclear. He walks out of lab. Frustrating. SPENT MANY HOURS studying-some test answers still a mystery.
Took lots of notes in his class didn't help on the test. He is all over the place when he teaching. Would not recommend him at all.
This class is difficult regardless of the professor.Malcolm was a nightmare,he uses a completely different text than what students use.He will not answer a question directly and his tests are impossible.I worked my tail off to get a c!!!If possible run forest run!
He straight lectures, doesn't give any constructive handouts or powerpoints to help you along, tests you on things that are not in the book and expects you to speed write EVERYTHING he lectures about in class. Basically get ready to teach yourself the material at home, b/c you're too busy writing in class to comprehend anything he's saying.
Very hard!
Make sure you write his notes really fast. He wouldn't put the notes that we missed back up on the overhead. I didn't think his tests were too hard, but I did think that he is really hard to follow in class.
HORRIBLE! He is the worst teacher ever. My 145 class was like a 300's class. He is extremly unapproachable and doesn't seem to care if you have a problem. Don't ask questions in his class because he will make you feel like an idiot! He has many errors in his notes and test are extremly hard. When I had him, 11 people dropped it, including myself
Had he for a minimester everyone told me I was crazy to do it and they were right!Nice person, but is not in it for the students. Its sad really...I dropped the class, I was not going to let him bring my gpa down....
Hard, but interesting..miss one day and you're lost for good.
Not very descriptive. Jumps from topic to topic
run run run as fast as you can away from this terrible teacher. He talks like he is a scientist the only problem is you cant understand a word he is saying. He will answer all questions you ask but you cant understand the answer...... and dont plan on having a life if youre in his class....all your time is spent studying!!!!!!
I switched to a different lab after only 2 classes with this guy. He moves too quickly and really doesn't offer much opportunity to ask questions. He's not overly friendly either. Plus, on my first quiz, he marked 2 answers wrong that were right! More than anything, I think it's just nicer to have your lecture & lab taught by the same professor; I didn't have mine arranged that way in the beginning and am glad I switched to Dr. Haner.
He may be hard but I am learning a lot so it's worth it to me...you just gotta study a lot and PAY ATTENTION..it helps if you sit close to the front..he likes that!
my time in his class just plain sucked.
I dont mind him that much but the tests are pretty hard.
only thing i can say is read the material and learn it yourself and hope you can understand his questions which at times seem to be confusing.
I have had classes that I didnt do well in because I simply didn't like the teacher, but this teacher really is just that bad that I don't understand her. She will get on her soap box in the middle of class and then complain why we dont know the material. I do NOT recommend her AT ALL.
She is very hard to understand, lectures are extremely boring, over half the class sleeps, i skip most classes, and teach it to myself, i get nothing out of going to class. BUT, there is no final, and the tests aren't that bad and she gives the outline for notes
She is a very sweet lady. Just a tough class. If you read the book, you will do fine. No final if you are happy with your grade!!!!!
I REALLY DIDN'T LIKE HER CLASS.THE ATTENDANCE POLICY WAS STUPID.I ENDED UP WITH A C.
she has a terrible attendance policy and will mark you absent if you are late for class! and she'll fail you if you miss too many classes
don't like her
Although he offers interesting points of view on topics not frequently studied, that's not enough to justify his extremely arrogant, intolerant, and condescending nature. It's true that he encourages students to challenge him. And after bringing me to tears, I realized he's just an egotist trying to validate his own intellectual degree.
He is so mean, he ruins my monday every week. He is smart, just too old, stuck in his socialist ways, unable to acknowledge value in others point of view. He only uses the books/readers HE wrote. He teaches incorrect information,and says he encorages anyone to challenge him.I wouldn't reccomend it though-Very condesending, he even made me cry twice
The BORINGEST teacher EVER!!!... he HAS to grade on a curve for you to be able to pass his class... his quizzes like WORD BY WORD from the book so reading is MANDATORY!..his voice is boring as long as himself!.. and he's SUPER OLD... hope you don't take his class! he needs to retire!
This class was very challenging for me. I had to read every page of his biased book, and listen to every lecture he gave. The entire semester I thought I would fail but I got an A- but I worked my but off. I would suggest another teacher, he's rude to his students and TA's. Test's aren't bad if you read and don't worry too much about the portfolios
Not your typical Proff. He has a strange way of teaching, way to elementary if you ask me. Attendance is mandantory in the sense of it goes against your grade. Lectures are sometimes good, mostly him insulting people and telling a 500 lec hall to stop talking. Go with someone else if you can.
He is by far the rudest and most condescending teacher I've ever had. He seems to think that's he's the smartest man alive and knows everything. He's boring and very annoying. That being said, he does say some interesting things sometimes if you can make it through all of the dumb things he says. He does let you know what to expect in the class.
I work hard to learn new material and get good grades. I don't go to be preached to about the "evil" Republicans. This class could be very interesting but Dr.Clanton, while knowlegable about the topic, constantly talked down to the class. I learned more from the TA and the Parrillo book. Very disappointing. Study hard, do extra credit,know history!
the first hour of class he rambles about nothing, if we didnt have a reading quiz in the beginning of class i wouldnt have gone until an hour into class....to talks to us like we are 5 and are idiots....didnt learn much in this class...i would have prefered to put my hand on a burning stove then sit through this class
He talks very slow and the class is hard and boring. It is not interesting at all. He is in love with himself and the way he talks irritates me.
Clanton has a very weird grading system. I am usually an A student and I had a very difficult time in this class. Even though he drops 3 of 5 tests, the last test counts for 2/3 of your grade..so if you happent to get the jitters on the last test your grade is done for. His papers were only 250 words but he wanted you to cram alot into the paper
DON"T TAKE THIS CLASS, if u have any trouble breaking down complex sentances.i went into tests knowing everything!!! but he twists sentances around so much on the tests you get lost. he is very full of himself and not open to others thoughts.he wrote a book and swears anythying else is wrong.ur knowledge of the material is not reflected in ur grade
He is the biggest pompus i have ever met. He is not very clear on his grading system. And he is one of those people who thinks that there are stupid questions and will embarass you if you ask one. Over all he thinks he is the smartest man alive and everyone else is incompetent for not knowing tedious facts.
Can anyone being more specific about how the tests are (True/False or essay questions)??I need feedback!!!
try to avaiod this prof!!!!
He knows his stuff butt his english is lacking and that causes some problems.
Every test is easy except the first one, and that one screws up your whole grade. I earned an A with the extra credit he gave, but he never counted it. He gave me a B and avoided me when I tried to call, e-mail, and visit him during his office hours. Very rude. He wears the same clothes every day and wastes our time talking about things that don't matter and telling jokes. I'm sure he is a good man with good intentions, but I didn't like him.
he was so unclear all semester about everything. tests were hard and long. offered extra credit but was always changing their worth so you will never know anything until grades are due. oh and he takes forever to get grades back to you.
his class kicked my butt, read the text and do the reviews and you will be ok!
He is a decent professor. He tells alot of off the wall stories and cant stop talking about his profession. If you study, then you'll pass the class. I would take him again
No curve. Only 10-12 questions per exam, so if you miss one or two, you're screwed. Full homework points as long as you try. He doesn't give pluses or minuses so even if you're at an 89, you still get the same grade as someone you barely got a B-. Not the hardest of classes, but I would not reccomend to a friend.
This class was hard...his explanations were not very clear...in regards to extra credit he doesn't even really curve ..if he did I would have passed...it doesn't make sense to have to read the book twice to understand it.isn't it the reason why we have a teacher there to teach us? He was a nice teacher but not very clear..hard to learn from....
Class is extremely hard. He talks about a grade curve, but it doesn't have much effect on your grade. I went to class pretty much everyday, however I still did not pass.
He's really hard to follow and runs through the material very quickly. You shouldn't have to re-learn the material from the book if you've already gone to the lectures but because of the way he goes over things, often times you do in this case.
David has some "wise words" to say, but I dislike the fact that you have no idea how well you are doing in his class because he does not give you a grade until final grades are posted, and then if you don't receive an A, you have no idea why you didn't. There are only 4 photo profs though, and I recommend you have them all at least once.
be careful cph students, knowledge is power and he has the power. good luck with this course and dont ever expect a straight answer or even a clue how you are doing til the end and it's too late!
thinks he's a hippy.never gives positive comments, doesn't give you your grade u
She often contradicts herself and leaves students wondering what the actual assignment at hand even is. - very confusing
Easiest class I've taken so far at school. She's very nice (kinda clueless) and her class is a joke. Show up and you'll have a B+ at least. Two papers for the entire semester and that's literally the only work you have.
Provides the least amount of information on an assignment as possible. When you leave the classroom, you think to yourself, what did she explain? They do not make sense until she sends cover memos which makes things unorganized. Really nice, but feels like there is an assignment due every single class!
Fox is overall an average professor. You have 2 presentations and two papers all semester. 1 of the papers and presentations is group, which is slightly challenging. She is EXTREMELY vague, which goes ultimately lead to point deductions. The assignments are NOT CLEAR at all, yet she is a very specific grader. This is an easy but very annoying class
Ms. Ellen Fox, what an airhead. She doesn't explain and expects that you can read her mind and do the assignment. She doesn't have a grading site. So, the semester is pretty much in the dark and you don't know how you're doing. If you email her, she won't respond and you will have to ask her about it next class. But only two papers, easy class.
Mrs. Fox is the sweetest lady ever. She makes the class really easy. One group essay and one solo essay with a few article summaries in between. She is pretty unclear about what is assigned and never emails things on time but the easiness of the class makes up for it entirely.
She's really nice but often times you're left questioning what exactly you're supposed to be doing.
EASIEST CLASS YOU'LL EVER TAKE! ef, AS SHE SIGNS HER EMAILS IS THE BEST! WHY AM I TALKING IN ALL CAPS? BECAUSE I AM THAT ENTHUSIASTIC ABOUT HOW YOU NEED TO TAKE THIS CLASS!
A lot of people like her because she barely lectures, never has hard homework, and cancels class on the average of once a week, but honestly I pay a lot of money to go to school and I have better things to do than listen to a condesceding, confusing, irritating waste of time. She never answers emails and constanly neglects to assign due dates.
Her class was a huge waste of money. Credits are expensive and class was held maybe half of the times it was supposed to be held, so, it really should not have cost the same as an actual class. She wasn't available outside of class and never replied to e-mails. Takes a really long time grading assignments. DON'T take this class.
cannot be heard, quizzes weekly, nice but pretty dumb and unprepared
Plays favorites, not very interesting, avoid her.
A very dull class! He tries to make it interesting, but fails. He only teaches it once a year, climatology is his passion. I got an A out of pure luck! Final was a take home test of "An Inconvenient Truth" by Gore! Attendance isn't mandatory, but he gives much extra credit for coming!
Good use of garphic information, but poor use of text book and student resources.
A lot of substance, but not a lot of practical information that I can use. Still, he is a good speaker and knows a lot about geography.
Cool at first, but warms up over time, fine researcher
not to sure what the hell is going on
disrespectful
does not care about our progress
I liked the class and I always got good grades but you have to go to every class and show her your hw every night or she will embarass youin front of the class. if you dont want to feel like you are in high school do not take from her
Wasn't helpful at all when I missed class when I had an organ removed!
very poor instructor
Before taking this class, just know that Math 107 is NOT an easy class. Phillipi has an interesting personality that takes a lot of time to get used to. She is really condescending, but if you do your homework and go to class you will do alright. Just don't think the class will be easy.
If you do the work and keep up and ask questions, you will be fine. Just don't go into the class thinking "oh this will be easy" and blow it off, because then you won't do well. Go to office hours and ask the student teachers for help and you will honestly be fine, especially if you have a good grasp on math already.
This class was very challenging and it was very hard to get a good grade. The tests were very difficult and many of the quizzes were on information we had never seen before. If math is not your strong point then it will be a struggle to do well in the class.She also goes very fast and is not always clear.
I cant believe she doesnt have a frowny face.my WORST professor so far.bashes teachers and complains about ones that cant teach when she herself cant teach.SO much homework.takes off for every little thing.never gets through her lesson plan.scatter brained.she was my only b this semester.
Judith is a interesting lady, she tries to help you, but often times confuses you more than helps you.You will have an outrageous amount of home at least 3-4 hours a night and tests are killer.I missed one class and have a D right now.This class is really hard and she grades based on right answers even though she says she won't.
I personally don't like her teaching style. She goes very fast and is very picky about how you answer questions. Some people like her and some don't I guess it depends. She is better then some of the math teachers but there are others that are better than her.
Barely passed, yet went to every single class, took good notes, asked questions and studied. good thing for those extra pts at the end of the semester!
Hard to understand even though class is on and easy subject. I understood stuff until she talked about it. Very nice lady, talks fast, daily quizzes but no attendence, gives extra points at the end which you really need! Try to avoid if you can.
She doesn't have a good teaching style. Kind of hard to follow, and her grading sometimes does not make sense. I reccomend not taking her if you can avoid it.
this course SHOULD be easy, however she makes it so hard. talks way too fast, gives quizes the day you learn the material! really dont recommend her. avoid if you can
no, daily quiz, hauls ass through everything, nonono. classic math teacher
This lady is ridiculous she is not a good teacher and her tests are hard. She is very unforgiving wish I would have not taken the class.
HARD HARD HARD...have to study alot. Moves way to fast for someone that hasn't taken Calc. Avoid
teaches REALLY fast! I've had calc before & it's still tough... Expects you to know it all really well!
teaches too fast, doesn't explain much, especially in office hours
She goes through Calc. like a Bat outa hell....she need to slow down
Easy class, but I had taken Calc. before, she cant always answer your questions
goes too fast and gives long and hard exams
Impossible, do not get her!
Professor Gabbin is not the best professor to teach this class. TBH he is just to old too teach. We waste time in class to wait for him to figure out technological issues or understand what students are saying. His tests are 80% material he goes over in class and 20% that is straight from the book. He doesn't lecture and wastes time
He should've been a coach or a preacher instead since half of class is spent on his long "motivational" rants. He gives you 0 info about what to expect on the exams. You will probably be scrambling to finish each exam/wont finish. You basically have to teach yourself all the info from the textbook. This class is painful and he only made it worse.
If you're someone who's well self-disciplined and likes a challenge, then look no further. Gabbin teaches like a football coach. Very enthusiastic and passionate when he teaches but it's not for everyone. There is A LOT to memorize in his class so make sure you read textbook and watch the videos everyday. Not great but def not the worst I've had.
344 is hard in general and you have to do a lot of learning on your own. His tests and quizzes aren't as bad as people make them out to be and he is a very interesting/good lecturer. However, he doesn't seem to care at all about how his students do and is not helpful in office hours at all
Intermediate is a hard class in general. Gabbin is very interesting lecturer as he always has a funny way of explaining things. Personally thought his tests were easy compared to Riordan. You don't have to know the material in depth to pass. Pay attention in class and do the hw problems (his questions are pulled from problems given).
He is the worst teacher I've had at JMU. Unless you have a specific thing to ask about, he won't even give you the time of day. He'll tell you to "read the book". You can't learn accounting by reading a textbook. AVOID if you can!!!
This class is hard to begin with, but professor Gabbin makes his text extra hard! However, he makes the final the easiest exam in the course.
comes off very rude and like you should already know the material. though you are prepared for the department final, be prepared to use mostly the book to teach yourself the material for his tests
Very intelligent man but not a good teacher.
doesn't need to teach cause he's tenured yall...take someone else he don't got time for you
Dont let him intimidate you, hes really not THAT bad. In fact, his class was probably my favorite out of any class at JMU, the man is a riot. Tests are hard but theres nothing there that isnt covered in the book. Just know it front and back because i promise you wont have enough time for tests. and you'll prob fail the essay. still, i enjoyed it
Dr. Gabbin is everything that people have said, but if there was ever a professor that 'made a man out of me' it was him! 34% on my first test, and then 80% on the second (one of the highest grades). You NEED to be committed, but you will learn. Class started with appx 25 people, only 12 were able to move on to the next class!
Teach yourself-only mentions % of total material.No partial credit on large problem on exams (accounts for 50%).Sunday night exams.Sees class as weeder class:so high fail rate.Grading is unpredictable and completely up to his discretion.Makes jokes about how he can do this because of his tenure. Avoid if possible.
343 along w/ other actg classes are just not easy in general. If you are looking for ease, try marketing. It is a MUST that you read and comprehend the textbook. If you don't have the ability to do that it will be a very long semester for you. Read chapter before he lectures on it. More than likely your confusion will be clarified.
Gabbin is definitely a HARD teacher. You will have to teach yourself the class. The textbook will be your Bible because everything on the test is from the book. You have to study A LOT to do well in this class, but it's doable! Just be prepared for a tough semester!
Don't wanna say much about him.Avoid him if you can.
Horrible class--His exams are always impossible. He never gave you enough time to do it.Normally,30%-40% students failed on his exams.i wish I would have another option.Sorry, he's the only one teaches ACTG 343.Hard!!!I am still thinking how to NOT fail this class.
Gabbin is an extremely nice person and wants to teach and has a great desire to teach, unfortunately he is extremely bad at explain things and cant relate to students I would advise not taking his as a professor.
study! read the chapters at least twice. very tricky with point system, make sure you understand it. portfolio project was very time consuming, do NOT wait until the week before it's due. timed tests really put the pressure on, know how much time you have left. tough class
Intimidating most 2 scared to go to class,Treats u as an ADULT,EXPECTS ALOT,GOOD at teaching you UNDERSTAND concepts,but the logistics of everything u must LEARN on your own, UNDERSTANDING(not MEMORIZATION) is key, Participation a MUST(Go 2 board,called in class), be PREPARED, read ahead, STAY ahead, go to office, Test are FAIR, C if you stay ahead
LIAR!told me when i registered i would be able to take the last test earlier. got him to PUT IT IN WRITING and then when i asked him about what time i should take it A WEEK AHEAD OF TIME he told me i would have to take it with everyone else. and he never tought a sigle thing, teach yourself.
Hardest class
ahhh... REALLY HARD
hardest teacher ever!
spent half of time talking about himself. Made me question what exactly I paid for. Otherwise the class was easy, just read from the book, a waste to take notes.
He seems nice at the start and says he grades on improvment. I do not see how he grades on improvement!
Silverman is a fascinating lecturer; but impossible when it comes to grading. If you take his class, be prepared to suck up or to drop all your other classes, quit your job, and do nothing but read textbooks and scour the library for minutae. "A" work for any other prof. is far below par for him. His grading habits sucked the joy out of the class.
Nice man but unfair with grades. All year he talks about how he grades on improvement and that if you put forth effort you will be rewarded. Well, he rewards his favorites (i.e. the annoying people that talk all through class and drive everyone else crazy) but not everyone else. Screwed me over in the end and gave me the worse grade Ive ever mad
HE'S A VERY ENTERTAINING WHEN HE TEACHES AND HE'S VERY SMART IN HIS FIELD!!! BUT HIS COURSE REQUIRED A LOT OF READING AND NOTE TAKING! DON'T MISS A CLASS!!
As a senior I was shocked to finally have one of the professors you always hear about!!!! EGO-MANIAC!!! and for no reason!!!! Too easy for college but why would I want to complain about that!
Took this class based on reviews, but it sucked. The class was super boring and extremely monotone. Ifyou are taking this early in the morning you will most likely fall asleep. He grades his papers very harshly, and get ready to read. We read 6 books in 7 weeks. Gives like 150-250+ pages to read over 2-3 days which is a lot if you are taking15-18cr
I was so excited to take African American literature! I was looking forward to in depth class discussions about the readings, and the social/political problems presented in them. Needless to say, I didn't get what I was looking for. He's a snooze! This class is a disappointment because all he does is lecture. He doesn't do the course justice.
Boring doesn't even begin to describe his class. His lectures make you want to zone out and watch paint dry. You'll have to read each and every poem and novel just to even understand the questions on the final, let alone pass, and they're not even interesting. I won't say you shouldn't take his class, but seriously think about what you're doing.
Poor graduate class control.
Apter hates hates HATES anyone else's opinion but her own. After the second week of class when I had a public debate with her about an interpretation, I'm fairly certain she decided she hated me. The only way to pass her class is to give her what she wants: spit back her opinion. Oh, and be prepared for her singing. She is...different.
Had Ronnie for Masterpieces of European Lit. We read such long books (Dante's Divine Comedy, some plays and WAR AND PEACE!!!) Also she has discussions where you come up in front of the class and are supposed to wow her with your observations. You are graded on how good your observations are. How do you impress the lady who translated the play?
Ronnie is extremely interesting to have as a teacher, but is a grading Nazi. I am an English major with a 3.5 GPA, and she gave me a D on a paper which was half my grade. I had to withdraw
Horrible. Don't take her if you don't have to. She's very unclear and her grading makes no sense. You spend most classes watching movies and then doing pointless assignments that she grades completely randomly.
Apter is a very knowledgable teacher with a vast base of knowledge. Her only shortcoming is that she doesn't make it exactly clear what she is grading you on, and that can lead to a feeling of "Man, she's just making up my grade." All in all, if you bust your ass to make her happy, you will succeed and get a decent grade. You'll learn cool new info
One would think that being a college student results in having some rights. For example, the right to know exactly how one's writing will be graded. For the paper, if she likes the story, you will get an A. If she doesn't, she will give you a D, and not explain it. I got an A, but whatever. Not good
You will never get an A with her. She will don something to completely ruin your grade. I had an A up until the last few weeks of class and then she sabotaged my grade with no time left to fix it. She is insane. If you can take the class with a diff professor do it!!!
From first day of class, expects students to be fortunate if they get a B- or C+
Tough, tough, tough.
What, in the name of God, did CMU see in her when they hired her?
Very harsh grader. Eccentric personality.
Oh good God, where to begin... she won't give decent grades to decent papers
She grades hard. Don't take her
Professor Getty is passionate about her job as a speech pathologist but when it comes to teaching her students as a professor, she is terrible. The tests are formatted in ways to trick you which makes them extremely difficult and most of the students reflected getting low grades no matter how much studying. Plus just rude in general when asked ?s.
Some days she's sweet and funny, and you just think she's the best professor ever. And sometimes she gets in a bad mood and goes on a rampage over nothing. Her tests are very tricky but she thinks they are easy, so watch out. She basically wants you to write papers exactly how she would have said it. She is overly particular about APA too.
Average teacher, not too difficult if you study for the tests and are somewhat good at science. Not the most fascinating teacher but most science profs aren't. Lets you take tests by yourself and then over again in groups, group counts for 25% of grade-very helpful. Also has a large curve.
Ron teaches like the class is when he was a child. He can be kind at times, but his instructions are unclear sometimes and he doesn't explain them. Takes forever to grade stuff and has many small assignments that are sometimes pointless.
The class was easy in terms of a grade. I ended with an A, but every day I basically wanted to fall asleep. He means well but just goes on and on about nothing relative to the subject at hand. Didn't teach, just spoke about his opinions.
Deep down, I think Marmarelli means well, but his JRN205 class was so boring. He loves to lecture and go on tangents for hours on end. The class was easy, and I ended with an A but I almost fell asleep everyday.
Marmarelli does not seem to be very aware of himself as he is prone to mumbling unintelligibly. A basic class consists of his mumbling and showing Youtube videos about journalism. His grading scale is also ridiculous (a 92% is only a B+). The fact that I paid about $1000 for this pitiful excuse for a class continues to anger me.
Boring, boring class. If you have any journalism experience you really aren't learning much - gives you really detailed quizes that rarely any gets good grades on. Grading scale is inflated, make sure you realize this. Ended up with an 83% in the class which by his scale is a C+. He isn't the worst professor - but god is he boring.
I'm only 4 weeks into this class and I haven't learned A THING. We've only filled out/ corrected a worksheet for each class. He rambles on about stupid stuff for 49 of the 50 min, then decides he wants to pass out handouts and assign homework. Can't stand this class.
It's kind of creepy how he stares at you when he doesn't like what you have to say. This class is only 50 minutes and is still torture. The class consists of filling out/correcting a worksheet everyday.therefore I have not learned a thing int this class.
3 hour class. 2 1/2 hour lecture. NO BREAK! The hardest thing about this class was sitting through the lectures. He's a nice guy, but needs to get a clue about his ability hold students' attention.
Extremely boring. He rambles more than a Rikki Lake guest. He has no idea how to use computers, either. You never know how you are doing in the class because he never gives any feedback.
boring boring boring boring boring...need I say more...but the class is easy if you can stay awake
Ron knows the information but is so boring. You have to fight to stay awake in his class.
Me sleepy...so sleepy....his class makes me want to fall out and hibernate.....
Not a good professor at all. He knows what he is talking about but can't explain it to others. Lectures are long and dry. Not helpful when it comes to explaining or expounding on topics when confused. Often goes off topic. Take someone else!!!
yes he knows his stuff but he just goes over his terrible and boring powerpoint. the book sucks and there is a lot of reading.
This professor is very boring and does not stay on topic during lectures. Tests are somewhat difficult you will need to study. I do not recommend him at all.
Good luck trying to make sense out his writing and scattered thoughts with his lectures that always lead to tangents and getting out of class 5 minutes late on average.
Would not recommend this professor and very perplexed as to how he has such a high rating on this site. There are no exams, only papers and discussion posts, no clear grading criteria. Sources for papers have to be pre-approved by him before use. No extra credit. Overall, it was a challenge to get through this class without failing
If you just need this for general education DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. His test are research papers that he expects to be extremely long. You have to read 25 page articles and summarize them and read the text book because he will give quizzes. Attendance is taken everyday and he doesn't uses powerpoints just talks really fast.
Hard general ed course. He expects a lot out of you and grades harsh. His whole class is lecture. He talks pretty fast and doesn't like to repeat. You can tell he is passionate about the material he teaches. If you're just trying to take this class as an elective, don't do it. It's not an easy grade class.
lecture material of little help on ambiguous multiple choice questions drawn from text bank tests. He does however GIVE you 20 to 25 answers directly from the test and credits all questions missed by 50% of the class. It's the only way to make an A.
The tests are soooo detailed. You can watch every lecture video and take notes, but the tests are focused on the most minor details. The stuff he mentions once is what ends up taking the entire test. The lectures are nice and short, which is a plus, but he does joke quite a bit.
Although Professor Hippensteel was a very funny professor his class was absolutely awful. You wont pass the tests unless you listen to and memorize every single word in his lectures, he makes them incredibly difficult. I ended with a C in the course and I have a 3.9 GPA. Do not take this class.
Very conceited. Feels as if he is the most entitled professor in the department and does not respect other faculty or even students for that matter. His tests are tough and have lots of trick questions. Not my first class with this professor but will be the last. He was the same way in Paleontology. Has no problem with embarrassing students.
If you can take a different professor at a different time do so. Otherwise you'll be teaching yourself. None of his lectures help with the exams, which are the only grade in the class. He expects you to read the chapters 3 times each before the exam and make you put his class ahead of all your others. It's possible to pass, just not likely.
WORST CLASS EVER. He is very nice, but the lectures are SO long and no one pays attention in the class. The tests are BEYOND hard. There's a disconnect sometimes between what's in the book and what he teaches. The chapters are long, but anything in them is fair game. "Extra credit" for attending class, not mandatory though.
BORING! Most people are on their laptops or their phones and never pay attention to him. He is super boring. Just read the book and pay attention in class as much as you can and study the book etc. He takes attendance so if you miss a lot of class you will do bad in his class. Take someone else if you can.
Class is boring, makes you want to fall asleep. The exams don't really line up with the lectures or powerpoints. Apparently you need to just read the book.
Run away! Terrible! He is ancient and doesn't care anymore. 5 tests (only grades) from test bank. Lectures have nothing to do with test. Read your book and practice using online quizzes.
The professor is a nice guy, but no one really pays him any attention. Attendance is mandatory, but you won't learn much in class. Very boring material. The exams are challenging, but with the grades being curved to an average of 80, it isn't too bad.
boring class but professor is nice guy, doesn't really answer questions, but curves grades alot
I can teach myself better than this professor. Lectures are torture - boring and read from Powerpoint. This man taught me nothing.
very smart man, you can learn alot if you listen in class. Unfortunately what you learn in class has little to do with the tests and consequently your grade. The take home tests are a nightmare, taking as long as 15-20 hours to complete.
Smart guy, borring, and doesn't seem to want to hep students,why does he a teach
Prepare to be de-motivated. Lectures will drain life out of you.
BORING!!!! Be sure to bring some homework or a good book to class to stay awake.
BORING, monotone. Not hard make an effort and you will get decent grade
boring lectures but not that hard of a class gives you the notes
Nice guy. Knowledgable. Extremely boring. Repetitive. 15 hour take home exams.
u have to learn the subject on u r own. HE IS WORST PROF. to take a class under
Pathetic! Boring! PP slide after slide after slide. Perfect class for a nap!
Not clear what to study for tests. Spends a lot of time in class on one thing and the tests are all about minute details. Gotta read the book and study vocab. Pop quizzes were rather tricky. Feels like he wants the best for students, just makes it really difficult to get there
DO NOT TAKE HIM. His mediocre powerpoints are useless and are not even related to his tests. You HAVE to read the textbook and practically memorize every word. Each exam consists of 5-6 chapters which is overwhelming. Tests are multiple choice, but each answer is so similar it is difficult to chose the right one. He's just looking to fail students
This is an introduction into Marketing class, and I did enjoy Professor Bodkin's lectures. However, each exam covers 5 chapters of the book, which was overwhelming. You HAVE to read the book. It is the only way to do well on the exams, because he makes them very tricky.
I would recommend finding another professor. He makes the class way harder than it needs to be with tricky multiple choice questions.
He's not the type to tell you whats going to be on the exams, and the questions are application questions which make it difficult. Taking the third exam, I read all 6 chapters and most of that material wasn't even on the test. If there is any other teacher to take for Marketing take it! He makes the class too difficult.
Dr. Bodkin's lectures are actually very interesting and he knows a lot about marketing. However, his mantra for test prep is "anything is fair game". What's covered in the lectures is on the tests, but the questions are conceptual and subjective. Multiple Choice A-E. I honestly felt like he intentionally wanted to trick people. Don't recommend
use CONNECT with MANY assignments. Have the first 3 test 2 weeks apart from each other. He does not have sympathy for grades and dos not give study guide. If you are taking more than 12hrs AVOID HIM!
Read, Study, and sleep with the book, he goes way to fast he covers a chapter every single day or two!!
Difficult class. Must read every word in the book to even get close to passing. Slides online are useless. Mandatory speaker points and surveys online-- NOT extra credit because not doing them will lower your grade. Final covers 22 chapters with no study guide.
The lectures was nearly pointless to go to. He does know marketing but the test does not reflect what goes over in class. The tests are almost word for word from the book. Just read thoroughly and you'll pass.
I had bodkin for marketing concepts. For all you slacker students (like me) who dont want to go to class hes perfect. His lectures and slides are pointless. Read the chapters for the tests and your straight. Failed the first one bcuz i studied slides, B's on the last three bcuz i read the chapters.
NO BUENO! Lectures skim the book material, so you must go back and read every word to prepare for the test. Test Q's are questionably relevant and deliberately tricky. Made my lowest grade in college on his second one. Was able to pull out an A by a miracle. FANTASTIC guest speakers--almost worth the price of admission alone. So much more to say..
This is the worst class I've ever taken. I have never gotten a C or D on any tests in college before this class. Going to class is a big waste of time because you do not learn anything. He is fairly entertaining though with his stories; but that doesn't help your grade obviously. Ridiculous grading policy; won't round up 79.9 to an 80.
Avoid if looking for an A. Usually I can figure a class out but not this time. Grade is based on 4 exams only. Impossible to prepare for the tests with the pace of this class. Covers 1 chapter a day, expected to know all of the minuscule details of everything he says. Conceptually, the material is straightforward, exams are tedious. Disappointing.
Goes way too fast, have to tell him to slow down constantly even so he doesn't fully explain math concepts. He expects you to know your accounting stuff right off the bat, as if you took ACCT yesterday. Be sure to start on your project ASAP because it is ALOT of work. Read study questions from companion website b/c some are on the test.
His portion of the class was ok, but when it came to tests...they were horrible! This class you have to read to get an A and study every single night. I didn't like this class at all.
Hard teacher! Go to class eventhough nothing from class is on the test! Read the book to do well on tests! There is no homework except to read the book. I got a D in this class and it took me the whole term to figure out how to take the test but it was too late. If you don't like reading the book, don't take this class! Class notes useless!
All about the test questions
The man is not easy, but then again, the whole department is like that. Study guide-yes, powerpoint is blank...don't worry, it'll be better the second time you take the class....you will, you'll see
This class should count towards your masters instead of bachelors...Oh SNAP!!! You go girl!!!!
Interseting, but Amato was the easier half of the semster. Study guide is a huge help.
easier than amato..yes. How easy he is himself, not very much. Study Guide, and powerpoint. Don't set your goals too high for this class.
11 years is good, why not quit now?
You know I wonder if he's putting up these ratings below for himself. He is NOT nice, is NOT helpful. and his tests are AWESOMELY difficult!!! Study Powerpoints, & Study Guide & Book and you might just end up with a B. Or you can take him over and then ma
Great professor! He motivates you. I have never been so motivated to achieve a decent grade. Alas, I have to settle for a C. I would advise taking his class - I walked away with a wealth of knowledge. Tests are not easy. Study the power points slides
vauge, & somewhat like a 3 dollar bill
good lecturer. tests are vague, requires lots of reading
Sociology course masquerading as a business capstone. If you're a bleeding heart liberal who wants to circlejerk over social justice for an hour and fifteen take his course. With that said I think he's a good speaker, but his lectures are pure fluff.
He seems to be looking for any mistake you do to take A LOT of points off. when doing your assignments, you ask questions that he refuses to answer then takes points off for not doing it right ,, i mean (why the hell we're taking the class,, to learn or to lose points?)
Hate the fact that he cold calls- gets really annoying. Very pompous, you can tell he thinks highly of himself.
I was happy with my grade in this class, but I did work really....really hard to make that grade. He is helpful but not clear at all. Do what you preach Dr. Kohut! I also do not think that he deserved the Bank of America Award.
He is very PICKY. However, you'll be glad afterwards that he was picky. You'll learn a lot in this class, but don't hope for an A. Get a B and be happy.
LIAR. Nitpicky and isn't always correct. He does indeed play favorites.
His views are better than anybody elses. He is too picky and gets on my nerves
thinks he knows everything
Didn't give good notes to study by. But friendly and encouraged discussions
I was really looking forward to this professor, but was very disappointed. He never seemed to take any of his students seriously and considered his opinion to be above all others. Be prepared to be shot down in a lot of what you say. He is not helpful with his essay grading and writes unnecessary corrections that don't help with the actual content
Her clases demand hard work and attentin but she really helps you expand your mind and get your brain working, especially her questions. but VERY tough grader, never gives good feedback on papers or in discussion and can make you feel really dumb and discouraged but I learned SO much in her classes.If you REALLY want to be challenged, take her!
Prof. Sledge is a sweet woman but some of the books she choses are so boring and the fact that she's monotone doesn't help much. Neither do her very tedious questions. Also she takes forever to give back papers so by the time you get them her comments are useless.
Good teacher, interesting subject choices, difficult grader. Laugh at her not with her.
WORST CLASS EVER. LAZY LAZY LAZY
i hate this class. his tests are hard as all get out and you really have to know what your talking about. there all essay questions. he's a nice guy tho.
worst teacher ever... not a religion class..more chinese history/philosophy class... not clear..very boring Stay Away
She grades each assignment but does not add it to the grade book so that we can see our course totals. Instead, she gives us a grading calculator rather than doing her job. She seems sweet, but often makes snarky comments to students while using a kind voice. I will say, she is passionate about journalism and, while harsh, thorough in grading.
DO NOT TAKE unless required
Spainhour is so rude. Definitely passionate about what she does but her grading criteria and attitude at times can be unprofessional.
She absolutely loves certain People and hates others. I didn't even buy the book and I made an A in the class. She is incomparable to others in the journalism department like St. Onge who while being a stellar journalist is also a stellar teacher. I hated every second of her class, I never paid any attention and she asked entirely too much of us.
Hated her. Reads straight from book in her lectures. Going to class a total waste of time. Very easy though!
annoyingly happy, not flexible, not understanding
This class is easily the most difficult one I have ever taken. The material itself is very difficult, and that is just multiplied because of this professor. I spent a minimum of two weeks carefully writing my papers, emailing Professor Crane almost every single day with questions and citation examples from my paper, yet my grade contradicts this.
Dr Crane is an amazing and inspirational lecturer. His lectures are amazing but they do not tie with what will be on the test. This class you are only grade by 3 test (1st is 20% of your final , 2nd is 30% of your final grade and the final is 50% of your overall score). This class is made to filter out comm majors. This is coming from an A student
Good guy, but I did not like his teaching style. Lectures the entire time and there were only 3 tests the whole semester. He also will call you out and tell you to get out of his class if you talk at all in class.
Despite being a Communications Professor at the University, his inadequate ability to convey his wants and ideas for the course material definitely hurt the class. The class was advertised as a film class but was more of a bait-and-switch as all the films WE paid for and watched out of class, his lectures made little sense in analyzing the films.
This is a tough class. It may be an elective, but Dr. Crane treats it just like any other class. The topic is not very interesting overall and the textbook is mind numbing. Tests can be easy if you show up to class and read. Gives pop quizzes and a lengthy final paper.
Avoid at all costs!! Boring lectures and difficult tests.
He is nice and tries to help, but test are extremely difficult. Make sure you put a lot of time into studying!
One word for this man, horrible!!! Drop this class, I'm serious! The only way you will pass is to give him wants to hear; even when he asks your opinion. He's impossible to reason with too! This guy is just a straight up bad teacher and an ****!
This class is NOT a GPA booster, but it is interesting. Only take his classes if you like a real challenge, if you are looking to coast through the semster, STAY AWAY!!! His tests are all essay and extremely hard. For those who think you can **** the essay ?'s, think agian. He will call you out on it quick!
Don't take in summer. I read, studied, went to class took good notes and still had trouble. Tough tests w/tricky ?s
Professor is having lack of technical skills. we spent part of the lecture trying to resolve problems with white boards, sound, connection, etc. He used book heavily and provides not very clear presentations. Tests are hard, be ready to work on them during the weekend in order to pass. Overall I would grade for 2,5 - 3 points out of 5.
Tough grader and does not provide feedback
I originally signed up for an Econ elective, figuring that Energy Econ couldn't be too difficult. Boy was I wrong. Prof Schwarz is a ridiculously tough grader and provides WAY too much information in the lectures/powerpoints. It's hard to pinpoint what to study for highly weighted exams. I wouldn't recommend this class unless you love to struggle
If the answers aren't exactly word for word as his, its wrong. This makes getting a good grade difficult as he grades homework very harshly. While in class you have to attempt to take notes, teaching style is all over the place and writing is illegible. Take this class if you want to see your GPA nosedive. Save yourself the valuable time and money.
Tough class and tough teacher. Have to memorize his lectures and the book word for word to do well on homeworks and tests. Tests are essay with 5 multiple choice questions. Book is a tough read. Waste of time, do not waste the time and money. Become one of his favorites, otherwise good luck getting a good grade in the class.
Avoid at all cost. His tests are all essay format.Does not believe in giving a 100. On my participation he put"Great class input,perfect attendance" and gave me a 90.. He will nitpick you to death and when you challenge his points he will embarrass you. Do not waste your time going to his office to question anything. He is RIGHT and YOU ARE WRONG.
If you're not one of his favorites withdraw early. Seems to go out of his way to embarrass certain students for asking questions. The subject matter of the class is interesting but he is terribly rude. Would not recommend.
nice when your one of his favorites. pissed me off when he called the area i came from terrorists. don't take him for an elective.
he is absolutely awful. awful notes. tests are hard. i made outlines and summarized all chapters and he tore up my tests. the more i wrote to satisfy him, the more points he took off. to pass, u need to memorize word for word the book.
This prof would not be my first choice of someone to take. His teaching is a bit hard to follow, but as long as you halfway study you'll do alright in the class.
Nice enough guy but not a very good professor. His method of teaching was a bit off. The class itself was easy but no thanks to him. Common sense pulled me through this one. He's very smart, but teaching may not be his forte.
He's so predictable that the class is hard to stay awake. He has that montonous voice that makes the whole class drowsy. He dosen't have a real entertaining way to relate the material to class. Boring.
This class was ridiculously hard. Extremely confusing for no reason. Do not take this class.
He loves the subject and hes nice. He trys hard but his test are not from this world. He is hard to talk to. He is some times insulting but he dose not mean to. Iam a top student so iam willing to work but I still found him to be a poor writer of test
He is by far the worst teacher I have ever had. I attended his class everyday, but learned nothing. I would go by his office for help and it was pointless. He would make you feel like you didnt know anything. Your in for a treat if you take his class.
Stay clear...good guy? mabye. Good professor? mabye not.
Very Specific
can yoiu please straighten your tie for heaven's sake? BORING.......
In his mind, he's always right. It's worthless giving your opinion.
Really nice person, but didnt learn that much. Lots of busy work.
horrible grader
Not an easy teacher.4 test which involve on average 4 chapters and alot of readings from another book. 2 papers one on a book and the other at the end of the course on a topic of her choice.
handwriting is horrible, require highly intelligence to understand
don't be a guy and take the class. ****
Responsive? Nope.
What did I miss? I dont get it.
This class is only graded by 4 tests including the mid term and final. The professor is not really helpful outside of class and the lectures are hard to understand. He tries to give you as many points as possible on the test though for showing your work. If you're someone who can teach themselves outside of class, take this professor.
He overviews lots of material in class, but to understand the specifics, you have to read the textbook on your own. Know that you will have to spend a significant amount of time outside of class to truly grasp the material. The grade is based solely on tests, but they were not impossible and closely resembled the homework problems.
Zhang really cares about his students, but it's obvious that he is struggling with distanced learning changing the way he has to teach. If you take him online, you will really have to put in a lot of time to do well in this course. There is no room for error, you have to watch every lecture, do every homework problem, and come to the live lectures.
I would not recommend for Summer sessions specifically. He's decent at lecturing but he's disorganized and has no set dates for any of the tests. Claims "I've never done this before" as an excuse to have a sloppy online schedule. He lacks empathy and often claims that poor grades are a direct result of laziness. He's smart but rude.
Hate his teaching styles. Basically had to teach myself or go to tutor which I tried but still withdrawal never would tell someone to take him!
Very hard to understand, and he does not explain his thought process well. Test are tough and there are only 3 excluding the final. Which are your only grades. So go to class and do the homework and study guides!
Nice guy.very strong accent. 3 tests and a final.doesn't take attendance but it helps to come. a lot of outside studying is required but thats no matter who you have.tests aren't bad.you HAVE to study and he allows a cheat sheet every test(except final).complete and understand the homework and you will do fine !
This professor made absolutely no sense. He talks in circles & makes problems way more complicated than they have to be when explaining. I went to tutoring which helped ALOT, but just couldn't get through his tests. First one is easy, second, not so much, so don't get cocky. Do HW, attendance isn't needed.
overcomplicates relatively easy concepts. we should have learned how to use the calculator more. he will help you after class and he set up tutoring for those who needed it. cheat sheets are cool and having the formulas.
I did not feel that he was friendly at all. I rarely attended class, but did the homework and did fine. I understood it before he explained it, and then he confused me with his explinations.
She assigns SO MUCH homework. I don't think she understands everyone in the class takes at least four other courses. The quizzes are hard and seriously the amount of homework we get each week is absurd. It takes me hours and hours to do it all. I would avoid if you can
Very Very opinionated. Does not teach in detail, reads off her slides, says her opinion and moves on. It gets confusing with what is actual facts and her opinion. I have emailed her several times asking questions, its been two months and I haven't gotten one response yet. She puts in no effort to help students.
While overall easier than other abnormal options, you won't actually be taking abnormal psychology. Pointless outside papers that don't teach you anything. Her quizzes and tests are extremely specific, and she reads every word from her slides. She talks more about health psychology and gender than abnormal. The WORST professor I have ever had.
Exams are a little difficult, homework assignments are easy. Class drags on...She is a bit neurotic and has an obsession with sustainability (which is ok, nothing wrong with that) and chemical sensitivities (because that's a issue she deals with personally). Both of which overflow class discussion.
she has a good heart and good intentions and loves animals. she does have a personal agenda which can be annoying at times, but someone needs to support her cause (chemical sensitivities). class is interesting. tests are challenging but very possible to get an A if you just read the material.
she is somewhat condescending. very stubborn. soft spoken, buta pain in the ass. the class isn't too hard, but you must work for an a.
Diversity is a must take but prepared to do the work-and her grading can be a killer, especially on the quizes. Read read and read or you will be suffering-she believes in class going to the last minute-overall, fairly good though
this was a really really hard class. i'd really suggest trying to find another prof. for econ 201. the class is nearly impossible, he talks about social sciences the entire time and nothing is relevent. tests are CRUCIAL. but no real hw, 4 tests and a final.
I went to about 5 of the classes the entire semester because his lectures are completely useless. I taught myself the subject from the textbook and got a C. If you like flying blind with a professor who can only make your journey worse... take Kohen. Easily the worst professor I've ever had.
Stay away from this class at all costs. Kohen is a good guy but the class is just so hard. He is not a very good teacher but outside of class he is very helpful. See him in his office hours as much as you can and that will help. Tests are impossible and he grades the optional hw very hard so only do them if you absoultely know the stuff. Hard class
DO NOT TAKE HIM!!! Not only is he tough but he is mean. He doesn't like disruptions during class to the point he won't let you use the bathroom. He just rambles in class and expects way too much from us. Test are hard and they are the only graded things. Get an override if he is the only one left or just wait til next year.
He is absolutely THE WORST teacher I have ever had, not only at JMU but in my LIFE. His tests are impossible as they are too long and have too many problems to be able to complete in time. This is the hardest class I have ever taken, and it really should not be given that it is an entry level course. This is going to kill my GPA. Do NOT take him.
seriously, dont. he's kind of a nut, and makes ridiculous comments all the time. don't expect for him to ever tell you you're right. class is slightly better then getting a body part amputated, and he grades hard on the test. the class isnt impossible, but it will NEVER be enjoyable.
class confusing but if you read the book it should help you out alot.
Terrible! Class average for was 63%. Refuses to answer questions during office hours, instead tells you to speak with a classmate. Boring lectures. I was better off reading textbook and buying accompanying study guide. If you HAVE to take ECON 201 and he's your only option for the semester, wait until the next semester. It's worth it!!
Insane. I don't understand his methodology or principle for communicating what to expect on the test. He personally told me, "You can read the whole text book, study on Blkboard as much as possible, and that still won't mean you will get an A,B, or C." He is a true economist in the fact though he will put as little inputs to max his outputs(salary)
I'm surprised at many of the comments on here...Kohen is a difficult professor, but if you study hard, read the material, and attend class...you should be fine! The class average this semester was a 72...if that tells you anything.
SUCKS!!! Apparently, the class average at the end of the year was a 55%.... meaning a lot of people failed... me including. This man made me change my major. seriously... i do not recomend him.
Kohen is awful. No matter what answer you give on your essays on the tests, they are never right. He is never satisfied with anyone's answers. Very rude when you ask him questions-he will not answer your questions about anything unless you were in class the previous day. DON'T TAKE HIM!!
He might know what hes talking about, but no one else does. Extremely unclear in class, difficult tests, no chance for even partial credit, egotistical and often disrespectful in class. You'll find a completely different man when hes in his office, but its not enough to make up for class. Dont take it or drop while you can. slaughtered my GPA.
This guy gets on my nerves! He isn't clear in his examples and it seems like every answer someone else gives is ALWAYS WRONG!! Basically he is confusing and without fail will put you to sleep... DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
Do not take Human Resource Economics, especially if you are not an econ major. Kohen is a terrible teacher. Not only is he unclear, but he's so arrogant that if you ask him to clarify things he takes it as a personal assault on his teaching ability. He's a radical liberal who plays favorites. Th
two words. drop. it. worst teacher, he has such a big ego, tests are impossible, doesn't discuss the reading in class, class is incredibly boring.
Took Micro from him and got a C- and I worked really hard. He's got a BIG ego and is NOT helpful. He tests you on material that is not covered. His office hours are not helpful as well. Don't take him!
Get out before the drop date goes by!!! I read these reviews after I made my schedule and decided to try and tough it out--I failed. Very hard tests! Will call on you in class. Very smart man but not to good at explaining things.
Just as a recommendation don't take this guy for any upper level econ courses. His classes are fit for graduate level study and his expectations are way too high. It makes no difference how hard you work.
His tests are hard. Goes off on tangents all the time. If you've taken macro you might be ok in his class. you can pass, but READ THE BOOK and study old test. all test are comprehesive, no attendece policy. if there are other options take them.
Don't take him, he tries to push you into answering incorrectly. He is very proud of his accomplishments, and doesn't care about you at all. No homework, but when you get C-Ds on all the test, extra grades would help.
Extremely condescending toward the students. When someone says something incorrect, instead of correcting them, he spends 10 minutes telling them they were wrong and doesn't even correct the mistake. If this man is here teaching Econ, who's running Hell
Is hard as everyone says, but if you read the book and use the study guide you'll do fine. I have a B and feel like I have learned a lot.
This man is horrible...good luck. His tests are impossible. I got a B+ in macro and I will get an F in this class.
Read the book and skip classes. Does not teach in class. Very hard to understand what he wants us to learn. Doesnt test from notes. Easier if you take macro first, he is bad first intro to econ. Condescending in person. No attendence policy. Hard grader!
He is the worst. I heard he was hard but thought i could study a lot and get through it. wrong... avoid this class!
AVOID! VERY condescending and grades EVERYTHING too hard!! I hate that class, I'm doing better in Calculus!
This guy makes a whole lotta sense about nothing at all
Tests very hard and he grades even harder, nice guy
Goes on too many tangents and grades hard. Don't take him.
Yeah, Andy is just not one of those professors who knows how to actually TEACH
very, very hard!!
I would not recommend Kidd. I love math and find it to be very easy. She made everything difficult to understand because she always mixes up what she is saying. Her tests are so tricky. She often tells us that we could have "interpreted" the question one way, but she meant it another. Confusing, tricky, and not flexible.
She seems so sweet at the beginning but she avoids questions and just assigns more and more homework. Then on her tests she makes you write word problems and will take a lot of points off she doesn't think its a "good" question, she makes math subjective and takes points off for small things. Not the worst professor, but not the best either.
i don't know what it is about her but she gets on my nerves. EVERY time i got out of that class my heart was racing cuz she pissed me off so bad. she just gives kindergarten busy work and if something is unclear on the test she is not flexible about it.
Never teaches, just does the problems. Tests are very hard and tricky. Try to avoid her if you can.
Seems easy when she goes over it in class but when the tests come around, it's nothing that she went over.
Galgano is a nice man but having this class bright an early at 8am is rough. He has a super monotone voice so staying alert can be difficult. As a gen ed this class is wayyyy to hard. His tests are basically two large tests some take home and some in class. Again a nice man but I would never take this class again.
don't sit in the back because he basically whispers. the daily assignments are pretty easy but the midterm and final, although take home, are way too long and are just unnecessary amounts of busy work. his lectures are extremely boring for the most part. participation is really important. I would definitely try to find another class to take instead
Fall'14. Could have gotten an A without going to class. Focused on reading about global overpopulation (somewhat interesting but overkill; we spent the entire semester analyzing a book about this) and How to Write a Research Paper (helpful). Friendly man but lectures were incredibly boring. Easy class. Final paper was straight-forward but 12 pages.
Save yourself the time & trouble & do NOT take this gen-ed. It was so much unnecessary work that all felt like a waste of time. There is a 10 page research paper that he is extremely picky & harsh about, as well as 2 online exams that take DAYS to complete & even those are not easy As. The lectures are extremely boring as well. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!!
Dr. Galgano is a nice guy but this class was awful. The book we read was terrible, the paper assignment was unclear and graded harshly, and the amount of work needed for this class will take up a large majority of your time. If you are taking this for a gened, save yourself and take something else. I REALLY wish I had.
I wanted to take time out of my day to complete the review for the worst professor i have ever had. His monotone voice puts you to sleep while he spews irrelevant information. He keeps your grade at an A (as long as you have done the homework, which are long and daily) then the final and oral presentation which are dumb, he grades way too hard.
GHIST150. He lectures for 1 12 about content he could have explained in 10 minutes. The first class we listened to his presentation about the definition of population. Then, we spent an entire class listening about how to write a bibliography. The next class we spent listening about how to write a book review using summary and evaluation.
I had a bad experience with Galgano. His class is interesting at times, but an insanley tough grader. Snubs in the halls, and isn't really helpful when you ask for it. I went to his office was told my paper was fine and got a bad grade on it. I would stay away if possible.
Looking at the comments, this professor must have changed over the years. When I had him many years ago, he was absolutely horrible. He did tell some funny stories in class, but as a professor of history, he was lacking in many ways.
class taught me a lot but pretty boring. A LOT OF READING! Take good notes. She's hot and cold, nice sometimes, mean others., participate often and pay attention. Not much help.
Takes class so serious you think you life depended on it. She is good and expierenced but I would never take her again. Avoid at all costs.
She is the worst teach ever. Don't take her. ive never gotten a D in my life and well thats what i got. I went to her office for help and she talked to me for all of 2 min and told the class what she told me anyway. She likes some people...be an ass kisser if u want a decent grade
Teacher doesnt helps students and instead trys to make you look stupid in class by just randomly calling on people when they dont know the answer. Tests are impossible and loves to have people fail
To put it nicely, she's a rhymes-with-witch. She has the biggest attitude ever and thinks that because she was on Jeopardy she's awesome. BTW, she didn't win. She's VERY biased with grading. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
youll get a good grade if you agree with her and she likes you..esp if you are a republican
There are 5 discussion questions and 10 journals at least 500 words, 10 quizzes throughout the semester and final project is powerpoint presentation with narrative . You have to keep up with moodle because something is due every week. Discussion questions are quite difficult. If you try hard and get your assignments done on time this is an easy A.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND TAKING HER CASS! She acts like teaching her students is an aggravation. She says "I have told you too much already." after answering questions regarding assignments. Class time is mismanaged and wasted. I felt like the level of instruction did not meet the expectation of knowledge we were supposed to have come test time.
Very Stupid class. Professor is of no help. Doesn't post correct grade on moodle. My moodle grade reflected to be an A but I ended up with a B. Waste of money.
EASY A! 1 paper a week on an article you found online, and 1 discussion forum every two weeks, roughly. 2 projects, one for midterm, one for final. Monotonous but very easy. Don't expect to get much from class besides the A. The professor has zero involvement in the class.
Easy A. Hard to get her to respond to emails and or questions. She went missing from the online class for a couple weeks. Grading is said to be finished each week but that didn't happen. The class is simple and easy and useless. If you want a GPA booster here you go but if you want to actually accomplish something i suggest something else. Easy A
Kind of cocky, don't go to class because it is pointless (claimed she would give extra credit for coming- definantly not!) Hard quizzes every week plus a lab and a lot more work than you would expect...
Needs a lot of improvement in her directions online. Not that easy to keep up with. EASIER TO GO TO CLASS THEN DO IT ONLINE!
bunnies says it all...help!
A decent person
she isn't great but if you have to take the class she is better than nothing
Hate the class. Getting out next semester!
Boring classes, read lectures on her website. No attendance policy
excepts you already know to much
Although he has an accent, he does care very much about math. Sometimes too much going off on tangent. With that said all grades are very easy to get an A on. 10 question quiz and not tricky at all straight forward. This is not calculus so his accent doesnt hurt you that bad. Just sit in the front take notes and you will do well.
He does not know how to teach. He writes notes and assigns webwork, and then you have to teach yourself how to do the work. Has short tests and 4 question multiple choice quizzes weekly, but I still had to teach myself how to do the work. I would not recommend this teacher.
If you're looking for this guy to go back and help you understand something that HE went over... FORGET IT!! LOL
Really hard to understand and gets distracted easily. Tests are easy and he gives you a long time to complete homework on webwork. Very strict however, about leaving class early. Recommend you not do it.
You can understand his accent if you listen attentively. He does not teach very well however. He goes to fast and assumes you know things that he knows. I taught myself in this class by using the book. I wouldn't reccommend him.
Kind of hard to understand, but fun to talk about. Not so great a professor, but if you pay attention and keep up with the work, you'll be fine.
The class is very boring. He is Hungarian and his accent is rather thick still and understanding him is sometimes an issue. Webwork and quizzes every week, his class has a lab attached that gives no credit hours but you have to arrive at them to take the quizzes.
do not take this man...BEWARE THIS MAN!!! he does not teach very well AT ALL!!!! had to have my fiance help me with everything!
I had him for half of the semester. He seemed very uninterested in teaching. His lectures were dry and incomprehensible. Using the original professor's notes and exams did not help either. He did not seem prepared or organized enough to teach the material. Understood this is a very tough class, but neither him nor GVSU made it any easier.
Very meh. Definitely not compelling, but he is fair and generally pleasant in the classroom. Very surprised to see another review call him organized, I thought the contrary, he seemed pretty scattered at times. Doesn't exhibit a great deal of follow through on things he promises to the class. For those taking 607, easy class, which is a plus.
He's OK - VERY knowledgeable but has a terrible time communicating ideas/thoughts to the class. Disorganized and confused at times. Seems like there's a lot to learn from this guy if he could communicate better.
Boring all he does is use power point. Don't even show up to class
He's...ok. Class is easy, tests are online, do NOT need to buy the book. He moves/talks pretty fast. Corner him before/after class, however, if you need to talk to him because he completely ignores e-mails. Basically, class is easy, but if you're looking for a communicative instructor/someone easy to talk to outside of class, he's not the guy.
great guy, interesting, I recomend his class
He will tell you the first day of class you will need to spend at least 3 to 4 hours on homework to do well in his class and he means it. Heavy accent, hard to understand, helpful with flexible office hours but overall very difficult class look for another professor if you are uncomfortable with stats or else you will want to rip your hair out.
this teacher is good although the class is boring. if you are not very good at math dont take any class with him.
Very hard to understand, SPEEDS through notes like crazy, takes attendance, regular quizzes, hard tests, good curve, but I wouldn't take him.
don't do it to yourself you can't understand a word he say's because of his accent. Also he can't hear well so he does not understand what you are asking most of the time. He rushes though problem you will get lost quick and be ready to go. DON'T take him
Very fair, Great curve built into the class.
I got an A but.... He teaches mainly freshmen so they have no one to base their opinions off of. I was a senior and he was my last gen-ed. He states his opinions as concrete facts without ever questioning them. He rants about pretty much nothing for over 4/5 of class then overwhelms you with complex notes that you wont digest. Tests very hard
Don't get me wrong, he's a great professor and all, but I can't say I'd recommend him if you're only taking the class for a Gen. Ed. credit. Tests are multiple choice, but cover way more than an introductory level course should. For a Psychology major, I'm sure he's a great choice, but if you just need a science credit, I'd pick someone else.
best advice i can give is GO TO CLASS. I only went on test days, and grant it I made a B overall, that is not to say with out a LOT of studying and stress. Overall though, he is amazing. take him if you can! he gives out A LOT of extra credit
He is too smart to learn from. I can tell that he knows his stuff but almost too well to teach it. His lectures weren't bad but his study guides for the tests were entirely useless, and since he wrote the book you have no idea what will be on it.
Must attend class. Even though attendance isn't neccessary. All the test questions comes from notes. 3 tests plus final he drops lowest test grade. Made a B only studied 2 nights before tests.
This guy has a HUGE ego and thinks he knows everything. He's very "anti-God" and he makes it clear. Pretty annoying at times. Rants a lot about nothing to do with our topic. he is very intelligent though in his area. just wish he would TEACH psych rather than shoving his own personal opinion down our throats. he's an average professor. read book!!
I did not care for Dr. Maisto. He is a pretty hard teacher. 3 test and a final. He drops the lowest test score
Dean of the psyc department but he do not teach very well I would say he teaches and still needs to read the book. but not good that he never specifices that what is test going to like. though we had 3 tests and 1 final. At the end he drop lowest grade expect the final. have to do some research participation. Not Clear about Materials Need Book.
First off, the lectures are NOT interesting. He blabs on about one slide for the entire class period, yet you're responsible for memorizing 4 entire chapters (over 100 pages). The tests are also on very small details within the reading that are almost impossible to remember. Also, if you email him a question, he gives you a smart ass answer back.
I am sure that Maisto was interested in everything he said, but not the class.He can be very loose with his comments.I found his comments offensive at times, but does he care? No, not at all.Easy on the eyes?Don't know.Have to sit up front to even
he is a good teacher but tends to talk alot....gets boring
My experience and observation is quite different from what you read here. Beware.
Standby: professor Maisto should post his syllabus here any day now.
He has more ratings than students. Go figure...
The picture on his webpage says it all ... complete jerk.
He makes his sections of the class harder than the others, and openly admits that. Not the most interesting guy either. Only positive thing is the 15 point grading scale.
He really is a good guy, but if you don't have a good base-knowledge of math, DON'T TAKE HIM. The webwork was pretty easy, but he gives problem sets that are usually super hard. I'm an A/B student and will be lucky if I make a C in the course. And don't bother going to his office, he gets mad/frustrated if you don't understand something. Very harsh
This class is great for those who wish to earn Their degree. If you do well on the final, you will do well on your final grade. Spend a fair portion of time working on the previous tests on his website, and use youtube to understand the material if necessary
Worst professor I've had. He's all over the place with notes and teaching. I never know what we're were talking about exactly. He tries to help but it just doesn't work. Definitely regret not dropping when I had the chance.
Horrible, horrible, horrible. Webwork due ever Friday evening, tons of homework problems from the book due every class period, though he said attendance is not mandatory. Expects you to already know what's going on in the class. Went to the MLC every day just to pass the class. Messes up examples, not very clear.
It's only been a few weeks and I hate him. He assigns the homework before even SPEAKING about the topic in class. I really wish another professor would teach this class! I hate the feeling of being lost and spending endless hours trying to figure out 1 question when I have other homework to work on.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR!! Speeds throught the material and only tests you on the hardest concepts in the section. If you don't understand the first time he tells you to get a tutor or read the book. Tests comprised of material you've never seen. Always had A's in mathematics and squeaked by with a C.... HORRIBLE!!!
Dr. Reiter really pushes you in the first half. HW's are long and intense. Calculus is hard at first. His tests are curved, but he gets too creative with them. He expects you automatically recognize things you've never seen in class or in the book. Once you get the third test, he gets better, its like if youve made it this far, youre proven
REAL work required. 2-3 chapter section homework EVERY class session & webwork. Plan to spend atleast 5-7 hrs outside of class a wk to do hw/webwork. U can bring cheat sheet to exams but considerin that half the class failed still failed...I was dedicated on my hw but did bad on the exams, ended w/ a D. Take him if you are in for a challenge.
AVOID professor Reiter! Gives homework from book AND webwork. On top of that, he teaches AFTER the hw assignments are due! The tests had material on them that we didn't even go over in class. He's a very funny guy but the course just requires too much work. DO NOT get behind!
I would not recommend taking his class. It was hard with a lot of work. Majority of the time we would turn in assignments before he went over the material in class.
Sitting in the lecture hall of this class, I feel confused almost the entire time. I know that I am not alone. Almost every day, at least one student will raise his hand and say something like "I have no idea about any of the concepts of the entire problem, could you please start over?" The lectures are vague and the skills are unimportant.
This professor gives a TON of homework! Don't take his class if you are taking a full course load. Doesn't take attendance so if math is easy for you then you don't really need to go to class. His lectures are vague. I don't recommend him unless you are a math wiz and can teach yourself.
Don't take Reiter for Business Calculus.
You must go to class to do well with this guy...can be a bit critical.
if you wanna work ur @ss off for a C, hes ur man
too smart for his own good. 48% of our class recieved
hard tests,
Always got my class confused with that of another class she was teaching. She doesn't give clear notes and the textbook is just as hard to follow and understand. Stay away if possible--try another teacher. If you're taking the class about native americans then this is the teacher for you she know her stuff, but not for a mandatory engl 3100.
Huh? Oh yeah... zzzz. I made an A. Who cares? Whatever...
Very scatterbrained and disorganized, still, she was nice to me. If you can ignore her tendancy to go off on tangents (and have never met an English class you couldn't get an A in) this is the professor for you. Otherwise, you are gonna have to work.
Is not open to other people's opinions. Not a very good teacher in my opinion. Doesnt like questions, and REALLY likes to go on and on about something. Was pretty unfair to everyone in my class, if you didnt agree with her, you were wrong.
What I learned in this class about approaches to lit. was limited and disappointing. We did needless exercises- we spent 4 class days defining "Literature." There is only one research paper, however. Work with her one on one: she will help you
She does not explain assignments clearly, and students are often confused as to what is expected in her classes. When a student asks questions, she immediately becomes defensive and makes you feel ignorant. Her classes are extremely boring...stay away!
Would have passed if I cared. She's kind of pretenious and not interesting.
Mrs. Cochran is a nice enough lady but you won't enjoy attending this class. Assignments aren't hard but do require time and a lot of outside effort. If you actually want an interesting/useful course avoid this, it always looks as if the class has been massacred.
There's no grading at all. Just revisions and feedback. You'll never know if you have an A, B or C until semester is over. You wonder if grades are just distributed randomly. How would you know? The class is easy, but this doesn't mean you get an A. Therefore, her clarity rating is low for me.
Run if you can...she has stupid stories...and looks like she going to die when see talks. Just dont get on her bad side or she will fail you or just give you a D...so there will be some ass kissing to pass
Very untouchable. I felt like a kid. The work was stupid.
Grading policy is not clear at all! work is tedious and she teaches like you are in kindergarden. Expect to get a B or a C in the class but be prepared to be bored and frusturated the whole semester.
She is a good teacher and very funny person. She will make you feel like a kid sometimes also. Fun class but you dont know what your grade is until it shows up on the internet.
If u think u can write dont take her class becasue she will tell u how much u cant. Very unclear on some of paper assignments and doesnt tell u any of your grades until they are posted at the end of the semester
Very good teacher, yet some assignments were unclear.
If you do not want to learn how to write take her. She treats you like a kid
His lectures are the most boring thing you will ever endure in your entire life. However, the way he grades makes it easy to get an A and he is a very nice guy. Grades on a 4.0 scale, so you can miss half the questions & still get a C. Likes to listen, loves to hear himself talk. Easy A.
Most boring teacher I have ever had. Loves to hear himself talk. Wont let you out a minute early. Takes attendance daily but there is no point in being there. SO BORING its crazy.
Well, I um, uh, er, I *BAM*... need I say more?
Does he LIKE to hear himself talk? Don't get him off on a tangent.
she is soooo boring. can i say that again. you will do lots of busy work. the tests are realllly hard. i would not suggest taking her unless u have to
This woman is such a pain in the ass. She talks on and on about nothing without actually teaching anything. Study hard for ridiculous tests and make sure to take the practice tests in the back of the book. That's where she gets most of her questions. Don't take this class with her if you can help it
This woman is a terrible teacher. She rambles about off topic subjects and tells you next to nothing that will be on the test. Her assignments are easy, but her tests are ridiculous. DO NOT take this woman's class.
Don't ever take her because she's unreal and kind of strange. Wears her hair in this long weird pony tail, and looks like a cross between an elephant and a raccoon. Laughs too much over everything.
She was mean and has a temper you have to watch out for. Kind of passive aggressive. Nice to your face but may not like you. Tests are m/c with 75 hard questions that drove people nuts.
Easy course but she's picky. Her t/f questions, it's like she tries to throw u off on purpose. She'll say one thing and say another...blah...go every other day but no need to go all the time...
Former military man and it shows.
I took Inter Politics. Uses textbook a lot. Papers with m/c exams. He is a hard grader on papers. Tests are tricky. He wasn't very helpful outside of class. I don't recommend him. Take someone else for this class.
Tonejes is a very nice guy and can be very entertaining. He knows what he's doing. But if logic doesn't come easily to you, take it from a teacher who does a better job of simplifying things. If you ask him about something you don't understand, you probably still won't understand after he explains.
The class wasn't too hard, but the teacher's so unclear & I didn't know what the heck was going on 1/2 the time-so read your book!
he doesn't like to teach, you can tell in class that he doesn't want to be there.
Get ready to teach yourself. Instead of going over course materials or even teaching, We had an entire class day devoted to learning how to write a paragraph instead of learning about what we would need to write papers on.
If you want to feel like you're back in kindergarten with group work, this is your class. Dreaded this class more than any other and so did my other seven group members.
I took a graduate level class and found her to be unprepared, condescending, and quite rude. She would embarrass people in class, and play favorites. As a fellow university instructor, I literally couldn't believe her horrible attitude.
She's alright. Took her 8am class and was WAY too energetic for me. Especially when it comes to the class material. Got a little too excited/carried away when talking about syphilis. Notes and lectures came STRAIGHT from wikipedia--word for word. Even uses the same pictures for her powerpoints.
Dr. Eapen has been teaching for many years yet still does not know how to give out clear directions and assignments. She is always open to questions. Be prepared to type many papers. She was ok.
She was a nice lady but not very helpful when writing papers. She was not hard on grading but rewquired a lot of pointless pieces to be added with the final paper.
slight accent, basically had to teach myself
The first test is hard. You need to identify where a quote came from ( constitution/ dec. of indepedence, author) or an event & why it is important. The second test you need to know about court cases & their outcome. The final exam is based from 2 books. Do not take the class if you do not like essay tests. You do about 9 case briefs. 1 big paper
The key to passing her class is participation. She is very old school.. No Moodle and straight lectures. Sweet lady but if you are the quiet type I would not take her class. If I could do it over I would of tried harder to find a better professor. But like I said she is very sweet just not a great professor.
Makes up her own format for papers and thinks she is an English teacher as well. Did not learn anything new. If you are Southern, she tries to make you feel bad if you are proud of being Southern. If given the choice, I would rather beat my head into the wall. At least I would learn something from it.
While legal history sounds kind of cool, Professor Oates managed to stop them from being interesting at all. She is boring, and can convey little relevent information during her many lectures. If you want very hard tests, with very strict grading, but you dont want a clear, helpful teacher then take her.
so boring, monotone, reads from a book for lecture
He is awful If you don't agree with his political opinions watch out. He picks favorites and harasses those he doesn't like. Also, he seems a little ****. He expects you to be a grammer expert, if you make a single mistake he will embarres you in front of the class.
He often tries to be high and mighty, yet funny at times. He is very strict on attendace. He gives you the test questions before the test and you can bring an 8 by 11 paper cheat sheet. Essay test. 2 book reports, not graded hard. overall class is ok.
Nice man but the way he teaches is very annoying. Linear Algebra is already hard enough without the professor jumping from topic to topic like he has ADD then messing up after you've written and listened to everything so now you erase all the incorrect information he just gave. Doesn't really explain many things. Just talks at you.
Be prepared to teach yourself out of the text book. Only goes over the lessons once. Plenty of homework, but it is not mandatory nor helpful. Try your best and you might pass. Professor hisself is very nice and humorous. Has an odd way of explaining things. Gives extra credit for attendance.
Couldn't see anything he wrote on the board and neither could the rest of the class. First used chalkboard then projector but the glare from the lights washed it all out. Could never follow his work. Quizzes every 1-2 weeks homework due every class. Gives extra credit for attendance. Sometimes sits us alphabetically for exams. Would not recommend.
hard. gives random attendance quizzes. moves quickly and assumes you understand everything. tests are short and multiple choice but it still seems impossible :(
He doesn't go over the material in a clear, organized manner. I was pretty much teaching myself from the book. Attendence isn't mandatory but important if you want to ask questions about the homework. Homework is key because there are quizes pretty much every week based off it. Tests are pretty straightforward.
I came to class most of the time (90%). I also studied the text, homework, and pre-test. Failed every test that was given, also most of the quizes. The quality of time i spent working on assignments never showed on my test/quizzes. I do not recommend taking this teacher, please choose someone else, like Burnap. I was totally mislead from others her
covers alot of material very fast,assigns h.w. then goes over it next class with out teaching...can be very fustrating..doesn't collect h.w...but does have weekly quizes...my advice do the hw
Easy to understand, since he is one of the only english speaking professors in the math department. However, he isn't very helpful if you ask him questions outside of class. Test are somewhat difficult, but other people have made A's in that class.
Assigns homework...and doesn't teach the chapter until the next class. Tests are VERY hard and doesn't have anything to do with the hw or Quizzes!! I would recommend a different teacher!!
I didn't like this class. The teacher was very hard and not too helpful. When you do go see him for help, he acts like you should know the material.
Goes too fast. Tests are H A R D!!! Only does problems, in an unclear manner.
His lectures are so LONG and so BORING. Attendance wasn't mandatory but you cannot skip class because he gives out hints for all of his tests during lecture. The whole grade is four tests, and they're super easy as long as you do the homework. As long as you can be patient and not be super lazy, I completely recommend.
I withdrew because I seriously could not get up for his morning classes, but that's beside the point. If you don't do the homework, you won't understand anything in the long run. Be ready to pay attention and take notes the WHOLE TIME. Never ends early and always has something to say. Nice man, just not the right class for me.
He's a hilarious guy. He doesn't really teach you have to kind of teach yourself and go to the PASS sessions but its an easy B. A tough A.
I took precalc in HS. So the deal was I didn't understand his teaching period. He had PASS sessions VERY HELPFUL. Also do the hw bc almost all the problems are the same as the text. Not an awful course to be in. If you do poorly on the first exam he may drop it as long as your other 3 tests are the same grades.
Doesn't really do a whole lot of "teaching" but he's a funny dude. Makes a lot of jokes but you kind of have to teach yourself the material after he mentions it. He tells you exactly what will be on each test which is definitely helpful and a lot of the questions are repetitive of previous tests. Easy course if you show up.
Hes probably the coolest man youll ever meet, but you need to work hard to do well. No pluses or Minuses.. ANNOYING but hes worth the class. total mountain man
Absolutely terrible. He is more worried about you being about to memorize the definition of something than actually knowing what it means. The class itself isn't hard but he makes it way more difficult than it should be. I thought he'd be funny but he's just a jerk sometimes. I'd avoid him given the chance.
I took AP Calc in High school and received an A, and then I took John Adams class and barely passed. HE IS A HORRENDOUS TEACHER. DO NOT TAKE MATH 205 WITH HIM! There was no attendance policy and classes were very boring. He cared more about you writing the definition of the derivative than actually knowing the subject material. Very frustrating.
Makes understanding the work clear, but is extremely dull. Tests aren't too difficult, 4 tests make up your grade. He isn't much help if you go to him during office hours.
if you are not a math person, this could be a hard class for you. personally im a math person and am able to get A's on the tests without doing any hw and minimal studying. he tells a story while explaining every problem
I am NOT a math person. If you arent either i wouldnt take him. He assumes everyone is a business major and already knows math. He's all about interpretation and if you cant do that youll fail each test. Each test is cum. and hes a hard grader. Hes a funny guy and he grades by how youre improving in the class not by your actual grades
Hilarious man. Horrible teacher. Takes the easiest concepts ever & makes them impossible. Tests are easy cause he uses homework problems & lets you use your notes & book (therefore you'll need the book). Doesn't take attendance but if you skip too often you'll miss out when he says what's on the tests. If you're good at teaching yourself go for it.
at first i was terrified becuase i hate math, and he doesnt seem to teach well. BUT if you go to the math and science learning center and do all the HW problems.. then you are likely to get an A or B. He tells u exactly what is going to be on the test. so simply listen! if u actually want to learn math, take another teacher.
You practically need to teach yourself everything in this class, he is not helpful at all !
Wow.. I can't believe what some of these other post say about him. I hate his class. He doesn't care whether you pass or fail his class. He's just ready to retire. A girl passed out right in front of the door and he said that someone else would deal with it. Just a really strange teacher.
Not a bad teacher. Barely anyone ever goes to class. If you are able to basically teach yourself math with little or no outside help I'd def. recommend this class. If you are one for lots of tutoring don't take him. Only 3 tests and the final.
If you are going into this class as a refresher course, you're making a big mistake. He makes the information more confusing than it really is. It is much easier to learn from the book than to learn from him. He likes to tell the whole life story of problems, mostly because he likes to hear himself talk. He takes the whole class to do 3 problems.
i took him for calc. i was repeat/forgiving the class so he wasnt that bad for me. but if ur taking him for the frist time, he doesnt fully explain things so get ready to teach urself. great giving out EC. esp on tests. hes not bad but try to get Galgano, shes the best
Adams made this class my least favorite of my whole semester. He doesn't even have office hours, and he doesn't own a computer or have e-mail so that rules out that option as well. Overall, he doesn't teach anything and if you haven't had math in a while, good luck teaching yourself.
no attendance policy, final grade only based on 4 exams nothing else. tells you exctaly whats gonna be on exams, sometimes uses the same problems that he does in class on exams, gives partical credit on first 3 exams if you go see him in his office. you should get no less than a B if you go to class regularly and pay attention.
If you have never taken calculus before then DO NOT take his class!! He is a terrible teacher and sometimes refuses to answer questions in class!
Doesn't teach! Goes over homework and doesn't allow calculators on the test. Only 4 grades. Better do well on all tests to do good in the class. Definitely switch unless you are good at teaching yourself. :(
funny..but repeats himself way too much
I took calc 2 years ago. He teaches just about everything that's NOT on ANY exam. Takes several classes to go over homework problems. Got to the point where I didn't go for 2 weeks and we were still on the same chapter. JUST SAY NO!
he takes one class to explain a single hw problem then another to go over an entire chapter...doesnt teach half of what u need to know. unless u took calc before dont take him
Don't take him for 191!!! Awful teacher. Just dictates the book. No attendence. I'll be likey to get a D. Final is given by the department. Teacher doesnt prepare you for the final.
Funny guy, but horrible professor. Didn't learn anything from his lectures, so I stopped going. Take him if you are good at teaching yourself. I didn't even have professors this bad in high school.
Pretty laid back teacher. Has a pretty funny Southern accent. Class is VERY boring, he goes through the material pretty slowly. Tests are actually kinda hard. Try to find a better professor.
This man is crazy. He DOES NOT teach under any circumstances. He simply reviews the homework in class and asks if students have any questions. Avoid him if possible. Not to mention that he is very odd. He likes to talk about his bovine and his ovine.
GRIZZLY!!! NOO GOOOOOOD. He makes mistakes constantly
all the class is 4 tests and they are easy to cheat on...i got an A
if its cob 191 your taking, get ready to teach yourself on material that's hard
HELL NO I WONT ROUND THE SCORES
Comes across like a nice guy, then hits you with tests featuring obscure facts and definitions from the textbook. Extra problems and projects are a waste - won't help you on tests. Want an A? Read the chapters in the book fifteen times each and you might have a chance... or better yet, take a better professor.
The exams are sooooooo hard. The class is hard in general, but he does not really try to make it easier for you.
this class sucks
Exams are sooooo hard. Helpful if you ask questions in office hours, but the questions on the exam are not like examples in class. There are some better teachers.
this class is hard to begin with, but he does not try to make it any easier. there definately easier teachers out there for cob 291. i would try to avoid him if possible. his exams are really impossible
Nice guy, but incredibly absent minded. He spends 90% of class time telling jokes and stories that have nothing to do with the class, he has good intentions, but he does a bad job of making things clear and he overcomplicates things.
Really turns college into high school. Worst teacher I ever had.
The first 2 exams aren't that bad, and if you go to his office hours, he will give points back. However, the final exam was IMPOSSIBLE, blew my chance at an A just because of that final. STUTTERS SOOOOOOOO MUCH
Nice guy, wants everyone to do well so he can wear Bowinkle Slippers. First two exams are easy. Gives free points for coming to class. Final exam is IMPOSSIBLE.
ha ha, what a dummy. class is pretty easy though
Tests are horribly worded! Go to office afterwards and get your points back.
She is a great teacher; you really learn a lot from her. However, extremely tough grader. Forgot to round my decimals on an excel hw assignment worth a test grade, everything else was correct, and was given a D on the assignment. She's very strict. This class gave me anxiety
Markham cares a lot about her profession, maybe a little too much. Problems that were done in class were taken directly from her experience in the field. She can be standoffish in class if you ask her multiple questions. I definitely advise to take another professor for 291 if you can as she is by far the hardest professor for the course.
Markhams class is manageable. Class is based on her course packet which I actually liked, rather than the textbook. Tests are hard and homework can be tricky so be ready to work. Most of the time she was very rude to her students and had a tendency to turn them away at office hours. Also lectures very quickly. Not too bad but not great either.
her teaching is good, but she never will be a good teacher!( i think a good teacher not only good at what she teaches, but also very helpful and nice to her students!)
the worst thing, she is not helpful! go choose another professor if u have other choices.
Honestly Dr. Markham is a good teacher. She is one of the most difficult teachers I have had though. You have to put it a lot of work. I have learned so much though.
Please save yourself and take it with another teacher like Stevens or Ratcliff. I thought I would take this class and be okay but I should have listened to the prior warnings. That being said, IF you're one of the brilliant students that never struggles, she knows her stuff and you MAY be okay. Fast paced class.
Strict and a hard grader. If you're not particularly smart and don't do your homework, you're gonna get wrecked. If you're good at following instructions (especially on homework and on a test) and are pretty smart, you'll rock it.
Ina is a nice lady. However, if you do not have all notes/macros in class for the day, you're basically screwed. In-class assignments are worth five points and can be given to her during her office hours, but be prepared to be accused of cheating if you get lost in class and can complete the homework assigned correctly. BRING ALL NOTES TO CLASS!!!
This woman is ridiculous. Her accent is unbearable and her interest in her students' learning seems nonexistent. The final is exponentially easier than anything you do for her class. TAKE ANYONE ELSE! If there are any nice ratings on here it's probably because she wrote them herself.
She picks on students she doesn't like, hope u're not one of them!! doesn't help at all going to her office hours is useless all she'll say is i don't know you do it yourself and if u say i don't know how she'll be like go over the chapter on ur notes.. totally hated this class!
I did all the practice problems as well as everything else your supposed to do for the class, and got a C. She is not very clear at all, has a middle eastern accent. Tests are hard, you have to be a very smart, hardworking person to get a B - bottom line.
You will hear her say "First Order of Business" upwards of 20 time a class. This lady is hardcore. She gives more excell assignments than any other teacher, and she will get angry at you if you ask questions about them. Dont take this teacher!!!
Ina is evil. I attended every class and did the work and am still failing. She gives you hw's every week and when you go to her for help she tells you to figure it out on your own. If I were you I would stay away from this lady. She has no heart.
291 is a hard class, Ina is definatly a fantastic teacher, her course packet makes everything nice and right there for you. There is a lot of homework, about one assignment a week and they arent the easiest, but you'll feel really good about yourself after completing work for her. She's the best!!!!
First day of class all she talked about was the Olympics and D12. Oh and Daprofet. The evil stare is what got to me.
Thinks she is so smart and expects every student to pick it up within a day. Doesn't realize we have lives and other classes. Never explains the problems as far as the significance to real life and never asks if people understand what she went over.HORR
This is the ONLY professor I have ever dropped. She never helps you even when you go for office hours "refer to your sylabus" well my sylabus does not cover this question woman!!!
Dont listen to this MBA 610 person's comments below, this lady's non-stop yelling, shrilly voice is enough to give anybody a heartache, just ask her husband.
She seems mad all the time, very unreasonable and expects you to just know stuff without explaining. Stickler about doing practice problems. homework assignments just plain suck, they take forever and she grades them very hard.
awful teacher
stats is hard but she didn't help. If you know excel already you are in.
you'll have to zone out her annoying voice, AM I RIGHT?, ha lil inside joke
The hardes stats proffesor too much excel
Willing to help, but her exams are way harder then homework.
doesn't answer questions and hard grader
If you can teach yourself, then take the class. I have to do that to get an A.
helpful and caring??No need to kiss her ass here. She is NOT a nice per
Snyder is a good person, terrible tests. The material on the tests does not correlate with what she teaches in class, the slideshows, or the textbooks. If you want to get good grades on the test, good luck. Accessible and nice outside of class, and easy to talk to, just the tests are terrible.
Professor Snyder has good intentions and does care about her students. I took Bus160 online and it was a mess. We met for class once a month and were left to teach ourselves the rest. If the class was in person Im convinced I would have a different opinion, but if the class is online do not bother. Canvas is unorganized and you will teach yourself.
Class was okay... she is a really happy and postitive person.. Class is easy but the tests are not on what is taught in class. They are all online but still really difficult. I would take her, but have heard other gbus profs are better.
Overall, she's a good prof with lots of energy and enthusiasm in class.But DO NOT take her 8am because her video's and power points will put you right to sleep. Is a pretty easy class and all test are online (open notes/open book)
She is really nice and generous, but that does not have to do anything with your grade. Quizzes are rare and easy; however, tests are extremely hard. You have to study the very details. Lectures are often boring and she digresses a lot talking about herself.
Really nice guy but you have to be ready to teach yourself the entire course. Slides don't really make a lot of sense.
He was a nice guy but was so boring. The quizzes were once week and they were due before class. If you like science then you'll like the class if you dont you'll fall asleep and search the web. He let the tests (3) be open note.
Randomly walks out of class. Test material isn't covered in lecture. Uses Wikipedia for his lecture material.
Devore lectures way too much for a general chemistry LAB; he isn't afraid to waste the entire 2.5 hours. He makes most of the report's individual and gives little to no guidance on what the write-ups should contain. It's a general chemistry lab that is treated like it's only for CHEM majors.
Over complicates a lot of steps to solve any step based problems. Nice guy at times, but highly encourage you have a different professor.
Not a very good teacher but his tests are very similar to the practice tests and a LOT easier than all of the other 132 teachers. Take him because he curves a ton at the end and u will get a higher grade with him than any other teachers. be prepared to teach yourself though because he will not teach you. i got an A (and a B in 131)
Not clear when explaining concepts in class. Nice guy, just isn't very good at teaching. Funny, but not effective. If chemistry isn't your strongest subject, don't take his class. His notes are not very organized and expects you to know everything from CHEM 131.
DO NOT take Devore for 131 lab. He made our lab class 10 times harder than any other 131 lab. The midterm and final were both impossible, and I failed the final. That being said, I didn't turn in a lab report and still ended up with a B because he does an intense curve.
Devore is not THAT bad. He scares you at the beginning of the semester. Just read the book and pass the tests and you'll be fine. He gives a lot of opportunities to boost test grades (redo them, take homes). Hopefully he'll curve at the end. He's definitely could be worse. Laugh at his jokes - as lame as they may be.
Most boring man alive, not clear at all in what he expects!!
If you're serious about poetry or writing in general, DO NOT take this class. Facknitz is totally useless. She has no clue how to lead a discussion or critique, or how to make the classroom a comfortable environment. She may provide you with some good tips one-on-one, but expect to be very bored and frustrated in class.
The movies are cool, depressing though. Your grade is almost entirely four papers you write, which she will give back very slowly. You are left in the dark a lot about the class, which makes it difficult to properly plan ahead. Overall though the class is worth it, just make sure not to B.S. the papers.
Got one grade back out of 4 graded assignments- Did not know where I stood for the entire semester (she continually promised returned papers and never produced). Only gave a few editorial notes on the paper that was returned but nothing that rationalized the grade. Somewhat rude and unhelpful- didn't want to be bothered.
really nice and caring guy, except his class is very difficult. lectures are hard to sit through because he just talks and doesn't use slides and doesn't encourage notes and rather you just read the textbook outside of class. no phones!! to put things in perspective i think i would've ended up with a C if it weren't for covid putting school online.
Uncle Bijan is a nice guy and cares about his students but the class is unbearable. There are no slides or visuals he just talks and doesn't make a lot of sense. The tests come straight from the book so if you read every single page and study hard you can do well on the tests. Your whole grade is 3 tests. Doable but i don't recommend.
I don't think that anyone thrives with this type of teaching. We aren't allowed to even take notes, and all of his rules made me feel like it was Elementary school. He was a very nice person, and he seems to care about his students, but I wouldn't recommend taking the class.
Bijan cares about his students. He does not write his exams the author does, so read the textbook. 2 exams and a final and that is it. If you pull your phone/apple watch/laptop out you fail the class. Class is extremely boring so drink a coffee before and during the class!!! I would stay away.
You can definitely tell that he is a professor who cares about his students. However, he is such a boring lecturer, you don't even have to go to the lectures to understand the material because it is 100% from the textbook. The only grades in the class are 3 exams and a SONA requirement, so STUDY if you want a decent grade.
Interesting class, but DONT recommend taking it with him. He LOVES to tell stories & half the time it makes no sense or has nothing to do with class. Grade is based on 3 tests & SONA. So bomb one & youre done for. LIVES by his syllabus, check it for test dates, DONT listen to him! 45 PTS OFF GRADE FOR PHONES IN CLASS & GO TO THE BATHROOM BEFORE!
Bijan tries to be kind but honestly most of the lectures are not helpful at all and they are BORING. Just read the textbook before the test and you'll do fine. He has lots of rules, you can't miss many classes or you get docked points. He always says "not to be political" and then follows it with a political statement. 3 Tests, SONA, thats it.
Grade dependent on 3 tests and SONA points, and the tests are long af and hard. His lectures are hard to follow and dont go over anything relevant to the exams. He loves his students and hes really sweet, but dont take this class unless you want to WORK for a good grade.
Many people loved the class, but it just wasn't for me. He was very lectured based from the textbook. The test were quite long and the only grade in the class besides SONA and attendance. He doesn't allow late people or re-entry into his classroom.
Uncle Bijan means well but I wouldn't recommend this class. Lectures are long and he prefers you don't take notes. Lecture notes ( which he reads from directy during class) are available after the topic's been covered, though you don't learn much either way. Grade is dependant on two tests. Solid homework period if you don't sit in the first row.
Dr. Saadatmand is a VERY old school professor. Your only grades are attendance and two fairly difficult tests. His lectures are super long, just him talking for 2 and a half hours without any slideshows or anything, but at least the material was interesting and useful. He also makes you print out about 200 pages of notes that he checks randomly.
DON'T MISS CLASS. THE AUTO BONUS POINTS YOU GET AT THE BEGINNING MAKE A HUGE DIFFERENCE IN YOUR GRADE, AND IM SURE ITS THE ONLY WAY I MANAGED TO PASS. Only 3 tests. Study hard, questions can be super specific. He really loves his students and is super passionate. He is wonderful.
Took as a 8 week class from 3:30-6:05, longest class of my life. Really boring lectures. EXTREMELY STRICT. No textbook, you have to print everything out totaling more than 100 pages. Curves tests like crazy (only midterm and final).
This class was an awesome class and I do not regret taking it. However it's more of a luck type thing for the final grade. I did really well on the first exam, never missed a class, studied like crazy, didn't do so hot on the Final and my grade bombed.
I never knew what he was saying, but the class was enjoyable. He cares for his students and loves his job. He doesn't let you pee and he'll kick you out of his class if he sees your phone. I never listened to his lectures on the subject matter, but I read the text and got an A.
Took this as an 8 week course. Lectures were the longest 2 12 hours of my life. Very boring. No book, but he makes you print out about 400 pages worth of material by the end of the semester. He is a genuinely good person, but I just had no interest in the class. His style of teaching is very old school. Two 150 question exams and thats your grade.
Bijan is a great man, but not recommended if you are looking for clear & straightforward lectures because he is vague, confusing, & boring. He assigns "key concepts" for each chapter-study the outlined info & you will do well on the tests- he does not try to trick you. 3 tests & the final is not cumulative. An A is attainable if you put in effort
Those who have *accommodationsdisability services* -you'll have to fight for it. He doesn't allow laptops to take notes. I was pretty much forced to take notes by hand. Still, he doesn't really have a lecture to take notes -you basically sit and here about his life which is pretty interesting, but not a lecture as much as a talkative study buddy
Class was mandatory, but I could have gotten more work done without going to class. The tests are straight from the book. They do cover tiny details,which can make them difficult. If you study you will be fine.
He has a very strict attendance policy, but there is literally no point in going to class. His lectures are so hard to follow so it was impossible to take good notes. Plus the tests are straight out of the textbook, so if you read the textbook you'll be prepared for the test. For the entire semester I drew pictures in my notebook and still got a B.
His class is really difficult. He is very passionate about it but do not take this class if you need to do well. The tests require hours of studying and they are so hard! I ended up with only a B and I thought I'd get an A for sure.
Bijan is a nice guy but his class is rather boring. On top of that he allows NO eating, drinking, chewing gum, going to the bathroom and you fail if he catches you on your phone. Test are extremely hard. I managed to get a B when I thought I would be able to get an A. Think twice before you take this class.
Although he is a very nice man and the class is of an interesting topic, I would not recommend the class. The tests are extremely difficult and he does not offer + or - in the class. I had an 89 and I received a B. No matter how much you study the tests are very difficult.
Bijan is a very cute old man, he loves teaching however DO NOT TAKE IF YOU WANT AN A or B. i got a D on the first two test and a F on the final but ended with a C honestly i think he just passes everyone. Go to class read and try you should pull a C but its very HARD
DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS - IT'S SO STUPID! I wish I hadn't wasted my time with it. The lectures are so stupid - I could teach them. He puts everything in "quotes" and I don't agree with half of the things he says about relationships. Dumbest class ever, please don't take it. It sounds cool but it's NOT.
amazing class for any just about anyone, but unless you're a pyschology major, take as a pass/fail for your GPA's sake
He's a great guy, but not a good teacher. Really good personality.. but VERY UNCLEAR. His tests make up your grade. However, even if you prepare for it really well you're doomed. The questions he writes don't make sense, even if you know the material.
He is a great guy but this class is not. He teaches how intellect isn't determined by just tests grades, yet his only grades for the class are 3 tests. It's very unfair and makes the class very stressful!
He's a good guy, or at least tries to be. Always has interesting stories and examples but if you really listen to what he's saying, putting aside his stories and funniness, he's not really saying anything that makes sense. Tests are hard, read the book.
Little Iranian man who can't speak the best English but is really funny and made me want to be a marriage counselor. Tests are impossible though, but he does curve them. NO ONE gets an A in the class, but I did learn a lot.
I wouldnt wish this class upon my worst enemy. Prof plays favoites like back in high school and only pay attentions to those few select people. I hated his class more that any class I have ever taken and his tests are super hard. Get out while you can.
Extremely bad class notes, tests are very poorly worded and make no sense, worst mistake of my college career to take this class, don't even think about taking it unless you can take it pass/fail
He is very boring in class, reads out of the book. No point in going except that he takes attendance everyday! Tests are very hard! Dont take unless you have to.
Everyone tells you to take it DON'T boring and hard!
interesting teacher at first, but tests are way too hard-which made me hate the
Unorganized, began to refuse to answer emails regarding the seniors that were graduating. Slow to respond.
Professor Smith is nice but is very unorganized; it gets in the way of the teaching and learning process.
she tends go off in german....leaving us sitting there...doing...something? But if yah try really hard, you can learn....
This class is probably the worst germany course that I had. She doesn't teach the classs. She makes us do group assignments and work in the work book. She never lectures in her class. If you don't know german, you probably don't want to take her for the course. If you want to learn german the software does a better job than she does.
shoot me in the head, what a bad person to teach german. nice lady outside of class, but not good at all with teaching. needs to be more organized too.
Easy grader, but didn't learn much, nice person, boring prof
I've had Dr. Aktas for several semesters. I would not deign to say that he is a bad professor, not malicious or unfair, and he will give a good amount of partial credit. However, I just find his instruction style to be, uninteresting at best. Most of the learning I got from the classes was that which I did on my own.
You may get a small curve at the end of the class (2% for me) but this class is very challenging and if you take it asynchronously over the summer with the 2013 vimeo videos good luck.
Now, I did fine with the material, I got almost a 100 in the lab and went to the in-person lectures daily and enjoyed the material. The thing is that the overall grade is determined by 30 questions on 4 tests. The class average was 58% but he said he has multiple good grades. I barely got a C. Take if you're good with fast classes with no homework.
Took his class during the summer, worst experience. Taught my self via youtube and Khan Academy. His online lectures were hard to follow, there was no partial credit unless you beg his TA's for partial credit. But in the end, there was a curve.
Expect 4-5 one-question quizzes and 2-3 Exams + a Final to make up your entire grade. Questions are nearly identical to assigned homework problems. Lecture is disorganized and generally unhelpful. Attend just enough to know when the next quiz will be, and show up for that. Otherwise, focus on homework. He posts lectures online. Slow to email.
I took this class this summer and thankfully passed with a C. If you have a choice don't take this over the summmer unless you want to study 5-6 hours everyday. He will not help you and he will not give a curve. So don't count on a curve
Took online class. Online lectures were fairly straight forward.
My brother is smart as hell and had trouble in this class. I plain failed this class. Let's just say you have a 99% chance of failing. If you don't take him, you'll end up taking his exams anyways since the exams are becoming common exams (and this professor makes them). Good luck!
Do not take Aktas unless you are either a EE or Physics major. He makes this class extremly hard. The avg. grade on the first test was a 44 ( that is out of a hundred).
Honestly think that good ratings were an attempt to repair image, must have been secret notes on the back of exams. Seriously he is obviously brilliant but extremely condesending and judgemental, and no im not a business major, Bio/chem double major tnk u. A professor should not harbour a preemptive disdain for his students.
This is a very hard class, know how to do the old tests on his website, notes, and homework. This is a near impossible class to take over the summer. The only way to pass is to do the work. Dont listen to the ones who give bad reviews.
avoid this man. although he knows his stuff, he doesnt know how to teach it. He grades the tests like a nazi. All his tests and examples are in symbolic form. If you ask him what chapter a subject is on, he wouldnt know the answer
There's a difference between deriving a page long equation and teaching something so you understand it. This point is lost on Aktas. A smart guy, but very full of himself. Expects you to know a lot of stuff you never had to before. Avoid if possible.
The subject is hard to begin with, but Aktas takes pleasure in making it more difficult. You can make an A or B if you only work on stuff for his class the whole semester. His tests are very difficult and rarely involve numbers. Everything for his class is symbolic.
Terrible teacher, boring, rambles on, knows his stuff and will answer questions, but his tests are too hard and he will put an insomniac in a coma.
Worst teacher at UNCC
The weedout out man for UNCC, brilliant, arrogant, excessive material for 16 wee
Work!! 40 points on exam is great job!!! Fail, though.
Someone needs to find him a new job
very hard. Told class didn't care if 99% failed.
Acts like a Texas doll but is really a nightmare. She treats you like a 1st grader and will give you an F- without even looking at your paper if you don't use Times New Roman font. She will look at you stupid if you try to validate answers you got wrong. She says she doesn't put emotion into her grading, but an F-!!!Might as well give me an E-.
If you don't do the readings,you're screwed.quite a bit of reading, in classes we overview what we read, but you definitely can't just count on the discussions. tests are short answers, specific, always have to give examples from the reading. He is pretty boring. he prods group discussion, we sat in a circle to be able to see and talk to eachother.
This class is extremely difficult. I was never able to meet the standards she presented because she expects so much detail. There are always so many assignments due and many of them take you at least 2 hours. She gives a lot of feedback but rarely gives positive feedback and makes teaching feel more like a grade than something actually enjoyable.
Do not take this professor if you want to get a good grade. She gives you an overwhelming amount of homework and even if you get it all done and feel like you did well, it's usually not enough. There are other professors that are much better for this class. It's worse than an SWS class.
Don't take her if you're not a MTH major. The WORST professor I've had at GV. There wasn't one good thing I wrote on her eval.
HORRIBLE GRADER!!! Her comments don't match her grades. I got a D+ on an assignment and she said, overall good job. Does that make any sense? Avoid her, I beg you
Nice lady, but is the hardest grader I have ever experienced. Don't be surprised to spend at least 2 hours on each homework assignment, and then have it returned to you with grades of B's at highest, but usually C's and D's for most in the class.
RUN!I hated this class so much!Ton of work!You have to suck up to get a good grade!
This professor is overrated. I don't know how his clarity is so high. He's hard to understand and doesn't explain enough. Not terrible, but expects you to know too much.
Dr. Nick really knows his Math but for me, he teaches too fast and I can't really understand the concepts. He is very nice and will answer any question you have. He gives you more than enough time to do the webwork and don't want to hear any excuses. I think he said he was retiring in the Fall of 2014 or Spring 2015. So take him b 4 he retires.
Super easy class, attendance isn't mandatory. Gives Sample Tests which are identical to the actual ones. Witty, dry sense of humor. He does Webwork and Sample Test questions in class. I hate math, but I didn't mind this course.
He's not a terrible teacher. If you don't want to go to class you can buy the book and teach yourself. he gives you the test with the same questions on it so if you take the time to do that you'll be fine. and you have the whole semester to do your webwork.
The class itself was pretty easy but don't rely on him to help you. He did not explain things clearly. My high school math helped out a lot. All of the homework was online which was very helpful. Not a very hard class, but I didn't learn much from him.
He is a decent teacher if you love math. he does not explain the material very will and if you ask a question he just gives you the textbook definition which is only clear to math majors. he is funny but not side splitting and make the textbook your best friend because you will need it he does not help
Extremely easy. Refers to himself as a "teddy bear" compared to other professors. Sends out sample tests. Not very helpful, but it's only math 1100! The only way you can fail is if you don't even try.
If you keep up with the work it will be fine, the tests are easy.
He explains things way harder than it really is!! he does try to help you if you make it aware that you are having trouble. To me his whole concept or teaching style was NOT FOR ME!! if you dnt already the material take some one else
He was not helpful at all and not good at explaining new topics and concepts. The class was very boring. He is pretty bad with procrastinating so all of the webworks stay open for longer than other classes. If math is a difficult subject for you, don't take this class!
shoot me in the face. this class is horrible.
Well I'm an dumb ass for math, and Dr. Nick isn't the most helpful person for a dumb ass. class is too big and he is to arrogant to help you. If you are an INTL student dont try with him, his english is poor and his attitude is horrible, thanks Dr. Nick for letting me prove that I was able to learned on my own. you as a teacher suck!!!
Moves very fast, be prepared to write fast and possibly miss things. I mostly taught myself by the book. Tells random stories and can be funny; many people are scared to ask questions because he seems to get agitated. Fairly easy when grading-whatever you make on the final is what you make in the class. I would recommend him.
he moves really fast, so if you're slow in math dont take him. I barely pulled a "C" in his class.
learned nothing from his teaching. i just read the book and looked at the examples. i got all a's on every test. the class is easy but you can't depend on him to understand it. talks about completly random topics during class. lots of h/w and only 2 problems collected each week!!!
He takes some getting use to. He is a bit eccentric and can seem harsh at times as well. If you are willing to speak up to him during or after class though he is more than willing to answer your questions.
HE HAS A GREAT DEAL OF KNOWLEDGE WITH THE INFORMATION;HOWEVER WHEN I SAY HE FLIES THRU INFO--HE SURE DOES!--HE IS AN EXAMPLE OF FAST PACE!!!!!VERY FUNNY GUY AND VERY HELPFUL BUT IF YOU ARE NOT GOOD WITH MATH--CONSIDER ANOTHER TEACHER WHO WILL TAKE IT SLOW
I suck at math, so I'm biased. But he DOES fly through the material. He is fast. DOESN'T make you feel like an idiot. He's just very direct. Funny guy, nice personality. Reminds me of Snape from Harry Potter movies. Just chubbier. I hope I get a C or D...
Very easy...makes sure you understand and you dont need to go to class..Take him
Not the best teacher, but at least is consistent.
Tests are hard. Does not stick to a certan grading criteria. Pay attention and take notes
He is a nice guy but his class is so boring. His PowerPoints have pictures and if you don't write what he says you're out of luck for his exams which are open ended. He wants everything written based off his own opinion and style. He offers a small amount of extra credit. He also makes really weird faces randomly and in response to questions.
Very disappointing. I was interested in the class, but the teacher made it boring. His tests were killer! No matter how much you study, he is very opinionated in the answers he wants. Would not suggest taking.
Do not take this professor. By far the most brutally boring class I've ever attempted to take. Lecture makes no sense, notes are very vague, and reading the book is almost pointless. Small assignments are easy, but the midterm was impossible. Highest grade on it I heard of was a 72. He's also awkwardly quirky and German with good English. I dropped
Hard to follow and extremely boring, though sometimes his quirkiness was kind of funny. German accent was cool, but sometimes hard to understand. He was nice, so I'll give him that. The book was even more boring, so forget reading that. Just try to listen careful and take notes.
He is not difficult as long as he sees you trying.
Worst teacher I've ever had. Accused me of cheating after improving my paper like he asked. Take another German Professor. Also, he looks at you like your stupid, and makes really bad jokes in class. He has a syllabus, but it doesnt seem to have anything to do with the class. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! I DROPPED MY GERMAN MINOR BECAUSE HE RUINED IT FOR ME
I took Warner for a 1 credit class that she took WAY too seriously. A couple of hours of homework per week for an in-person class that 100% should've been online. I thought it was particularly telling that her class on -Health Disparities- was my only in-person class during COVID-19. Expect to waste a lot of time on busy homework for no reason.
One of my favorite teachers so far. You can tell she loves her job and takes her time to explain everything well.Can be a tough course but if you do the work and take the time to use all the study tools she offers you can't fail.
unapproachable ice-princess. disrespectful and rude. Does not realize she is teching college and not highschool.
Jennifer Warner is the hardest teacher I have ever had! Test are sooo hard and there is way too much material on each test! She has this voice that is unbareable. She is seriously out of her mind! She always say do you have any questions and it is so annoying. She NEVER lets you go early. CRAZY!!!!!
This teacher is a nightmare! do not take this class if you do not intend on spending your whole semester devoted to studying biology. tests are ridiculous and way too detailed for an intro class..avoid HER at all costs!!!!!snotty too and keeps you til the last minute..
Talks like she is still going through puberty. Funny though at times. However tests were HARD HARD HARD!
she went into to much detail for an intro class
She better be glad she has that pretty face, because she has a horrible attitude. The class was difficult, as I knew it would be, but she is too up-tight and snotty. Oh, and where is she during office hours? She is never in her office, so who knows.
Easy material, but she shouldnt be allowed to grade those tests. If you are doing too well on a test, she will take off points even if the answer is right. Apparently she is trying to keep her 60% fail rate.
she's real hard if you don't go to class, and hard if you do. study every little bit of information because her tests are very specific
Be prepare to study very hard!!!
worst class ive had a made an a in ap bio - came here and couldnt understand this introductory course. what does that say - worst teacher ever
i hated her class - she was so boring and redundant it was ridiculous - i would suggest not taking her definitely
She is ridiculous. Don't believe these other ratings because they are not accurate. Even if you do study the class is too hard for those of us who are not biology majors and don't really care about most of the topics. Take my advice... GET OUT NOW!!!!!!!!
Be prepared to neglect all your other classes, its in the syllabus.
If you have old test it is EASY!! If not DROP while you still have a chance!
thinks everyone is bio major and SI is life, but test copies are easy to find.
Don't take if you don't have to, test questions are trick questns
She acts like she is better than everyone else, and can make you feel stupid. Her lectures are pointless to go to because she spends almost all the time on case studies and THEN posts lectures online that are essential to listen to in order to do well on her exams. I couldn't stand her snooty attitude.
She acts really nice at first, but don't let her fool you. She's really not very nice at all. She says rude things about other profs at GVSU and acts like she is better than most of the profs at GVSU. Can be rather snooty. And don't argue with her unless you wanted to be treated like dirt.
I heard this was an easy class, but it's literally one of the hardest classes I've taken in college. Dr. Boss is really nice and knowledgeable, but he has really clear biases, his lectures are not organized, and his tests are so random and unpredictable. I make good grades, but I made a C. I would not take from him ever again.
Don't expect organization. I Cannot believe they want to make a Major out of a class where every answer is "it depends."
Her syllabus is not very clear;she is great at getting you to think for yourself
I took philosophy because it counted as a math class for my gen eds and I was told it was easy but I wish I never took it. because it was online there were no lectures just an assignment due every Sunday about what we read in the textbook. The work makes no sense to me, I've never been more confused in a class.
Professor Raymer is so nice, but he is honestly so difficult. I had to teach myself almost everything. He is very willing to answer questions, but I think he makes it a lot more complicated than it needs to be. The course pack (textbook) will be your best friend. Utilize youtube videos, and google to teach you.
I though this course would be way different than it is. If you are taking this as an elective.... don't even think about it. The material is "math based" in a way and you only get a few pdfs to worm from and learn from. Not that much work though but tests are 80% of your grade.
This dude uses Cogbooks for Critical Thinking and it sucks. Not really his fault, but for an asynchronous class it was far too frustrating.
Professor Raymer's class is the most unpleasant class I've taken at UNCC. He often manages to confuse himself during lectures (truly an astounding feat) and struggles to get back on track. If you have to take this class, you will need to work with other students or find a tutor. I will avoid Professor Raymer in the future.
Sweetest guy ever, though his class put me to sleep. I ended up with a good grade cuz he is too nice to fail people who try. People in my class would pass who never came to class because he is so nice!
BORING! Nice guy, but boring
Very sweet man,but honestly i really didn't learn anything cause half the time he rambles and you don't know what he is talking about.He is sweet, but he is one of those professors that is sooooooooo boring.Personally that drives me crazy,it is so difficult to make yurslf go to class;strict attenden
Listen people, don't take Ded. logic because you hate math and you want an easy credit, because if you are an anti-math kinda person, you will fail this class. It's difficult at first, but if you don;t listen to him and try to figure it out on your own, you will succeed! webhomework, no attendance!
Oh my gosh, seriously take this class if you want some good sleeping time! he's a nice guy but he is soooo boring.. the class is ok, its just kind of weird... be sure to ask him about his cats!
terrrible class
Class was useless. i probably went three times all semester. everything in lecture is pretty much what you read in the million page articles you have to read for the class. so just read on your own. his stories were interesting though, and hes a very nice guy. just no reason to go to class
Not a good class,if you prefer psych classes where you can read a textbook which is where exam questions come from THIS IS NOT THE CLASS. questions&answers are subjective,lectures are stories and novels are textbooks. There is no way to study and if you missed class dont bother copying notes cause you wont understand them. Wouldnt take this again!
He's ok....definately overrated. A lot of reading. He picks his own TA's which are more of an annoyance than they are helpful. Didnt really learn much about mental disorders, he only focused on schizophrenia...I wish I would have taken it with someone else.
This class sucks. There I said it. Its boring, and the tests are hard (unless you become atwood's mind) His lectures are all over the place, he doesnt like any questions or discussion. The worst part of all is the atwood "following" that wants to be a bunch of little atwoods. Just cause he used to teach a good class doesn't mean its good anymor
He no longer holds reviews and drops the lowest exam grade which was his policy in the past, which explains his easyness in the past. He sucks. No longer an easy A. AVOID! Atwood is absolute garbage.
I don't see what the hype is either. I hardly learned anything in his class! Whoever says that the tests are easy or that you don't have to do the reading is plain wrong. The tests are very difficult, the reading is overwhelming.
i can see how he tries to make the class interesting. BUT! his class is boring and his tests are sooooooo hard. His class lectures do not help at all for the exam. I spent like 40 hours to study for each test and my grades weren't good.. Seriously... if you can, try to switch out
Professor Hamilton is a nice guy, but by far the worst professor I have ever had at Rutgers. His class lectures do not help at all whatsoever for the exams, and there is absolutely nothing you can do to properly prepare yourself. switch out NOW
If you get Hamilton for psych, you have to make sure you read the book word for word because most of the exam is straight from the book. He gives some extra credit in class, but it's not enough to change your grade by a letter. He has a terrible grading system. He gives extra points to those failing, but won't bump up a B+ to an A even by 1 point
His exams cover material from both the textbook and the lecture. The exam questions are really hard and you need to pretty much memorize the textbook. His lectures are pretty boring and it's easy to doze off into your own world. He gives a few extra credit points if you go to class but they're definitely not enough to bring up a bad exam grade.
Hamilton is definitely a sweet, genuine and good-hearted man, but his teaching method is awful. Barely anything he goes over in lecture is actually on the exam, and lecture is INCREDIBLY boring. If you cant memorize the textbook you are doomed. Extra credit is good but not enough. I always loved psych but this class spoiled it for me.
I definitely did not give this class my all. But, the teacher IS difficult. Exams are 70 questions, lecture & text. He tells you what's on the exam but in very general terms. His questions, however, are very specific! Plus, not to mention how boring lecture was, with only a few slides that had 0 info. You have to pay attention & write what he says.
Chances are if you take this class, you'll find him boring. Lecture style also is rather childish. Tests don't ask important things but rather nitpicky things from both his lectures and text. Material is presented in a very illogical manner and seems all over the place. Find another professor, this one is not worth your time and effort.
I disagree about the easy and interesting part. It's hard to stay awake in class, especially when there are usually only 8 slides (mostly made of pictures!). The exams are fairly difficult so pay attention to names and details. I have to agree that the connections he makes in lecture are out there. Def. take someone else.
HE IS HARD!!!! THERE ARE EASIER PROFESSORS THAN HIM!!! CLASS ATTENDANCE IS MANDATORY BECAUSE HE ASKS QUESTIONS ON THE EXAM ON WHAT HE SAID IN CLASS!!
Neuropsych was a waste. You need to know every detail from the 2 supplemental readings, the textbook, and lecture for EVERY EXAM. I got an A with a 75% because it was a ridiculous curve, and I left learning nothing except that he loves Darwin
Alright. Here's the shpeil. Interesting material covered in class...no doubt. However, the tests, approximately, are 80% of material not covered in class, but rather just in the book. So reading the book is heavily encouraged. I feel like he has potential to be a great teacher. I either got a B+ or an A (not sure yet).
He's really boring and his tests ask some ridiculously obscure and dumb questions. You have to do all the reading and go to most of the classes
Boring as hell but exams are kind of easy but LONG...80 questions in 80 minutes, and I cant even open my eyes cuz its so early in the morning, better than ogileve that f**cking **** they try to dumb down material but they have bad examples
This is one class you DO NOT want to take at 8:10 on Livingston (Beware Spring 05 students)...he is so so BORING!! I fell asleep every lecture. The material is OK, you must memorize the book and the notes, not the most interesting teacher. Take another section before this one. Trust me!
he's horrible, if you want to to take a bad class go ahead. there are many other teachers who offer the same class better and easier
what are you people talking about? he was the worst teacher ever...i literally wanted to kill myself during lecture bc he was incredibly boring...quite possibly the dullest man on earth
not bad averall; his notes are not good, superficial material;
He might be a better teacher in the upper-leveled classes, but for CS1121, Poplawski is not really that good. I understand time is limited, but the whole class has been confusing, due to lecture times being used for iClicker questions only, and lab TA's that are generally confused because class instructions tend to change with frequency.
Pops is a decent guy, but he speaks way too fast and writes on the board with the lights off in the front. So if you are sitting in the back, its very hard to see what he's writing sometimes, although its not always that useful. I felt that very little of what he taught the class was easily applied to homework and quizzes. Don't recommend.
Difficult teacher. If you need to take programming classes, do work on your own before taking his class CS1121. I had no experience going in and it showed. He throws you right into a programming language that most of us have never used and it shows, especially since i failed the class.
Dr. Poplawski is not great but he isn't horrible either. Even if you are a CS major, 1121 can be a very hard class if you have no programming experience. I had none coming in and the class was hard for me. The book was useless as he wrote it and it was published 10 years ago so information was out of date. If you need help, talk to your lab TAs.
Pops wrote the book used for class, so if you don't understand what he says in class, you're pretty much screwed. Best thing to do is to make friends with older CS students.
Boring lectures full of mistakes that wastes everyone's time. Writing ten minutes of code just to delete it is not fun.
His teaching style isn't the greatest.
Pops is not a bad person, just a TERRIBLE professor at teaching the subject. Pops needs to rewrite his book or use another book that does a better job at communicating and relating the material covered on the pointless HW's, lecture/recitation, and his horrorific off the wall exams.
I personally don't like his sentence... very hard to understand.
Pops sometimes gets his point across, but what goes on in lecture and what goes on in lab is rarely the same thing. Take all info from pops with a grain of salt, and don't always trust the TA's.
i went to his office for help, and i left more confused than before. his lectures suck. if they weren't so boring, i might pay attention than sleep through half of the class.
Pops is an OK professor, he does have problems with his computer sometimes
This class is absolute hogwash. You don't learn anything you can't learn in an intro to psychology class. I feel this class had zero value and I am dumber for taking it. She is biased and only her "ultra-hippie super mom tortured wife" opinions are right. Too bad if you want to be an ED major you have to take this class.
very easy class but i don't know if i'd understand it unless i'd taken psych. Don't be sick because she isn't very nice when you try to make up stuff. she set up a make up time with me and then didn't show up so i was left with a 0
I heard that it takes most students two times to get through her class with the C they need... I believe it.
She gives biased quiz questions.
Requires you to read entire books in 2-3 days. Has quizzes daily, and will that there might be more than one answer when it's MULTIPLE choice (there should only be one right answer!
I thought this class was horrible. Although she can be funny sometimes, she assigns too much reading too fast. We had to read two novels in a week more than once. Quizzes and exams were multiple choice and the homework are easy grades. But if you're not a reader, forget it.
This class was a waste of time. All the books we read, and there were many, were the same. The quizzes sucked and she only gave us a few days to read books before a quiz. The class was so boring and I really didnt like the way it was taught.
She should stick to her "areas." She wasn't too good dealing with such a broad study.
Disorganized, too much busywork. Entire semester was a series of book reports. Grew bored very quickly.
I had more fun watching grass grow
if you need to learn ANYTHING about western culture,this isnt the class. take this as an oppertunity to learn about racism, and black history...bc thats ALL we talk about. Its obvious who she favors
Unless you enjoy being insulted don't take any class with this teacher. Be prepared to drop the class if you DO make the mistake of taking her class. And make sure you get the same handouts that others get. And watch who drops the class before you do.
I found her personality unapproachable and manner of speaking confrontational. Class is interesting when lectures remain on-topic and objective. Those who are most likely to give negative evaluations quit LONG before evaluations are given.
This is one woman who is hard to put into words. Let me just say this: get to know her and befriend her, you will do okay. She definitely plays HUGE favorites with her students. If you are a favorite, guaranteed B, if not, expect to work hard for a B.
Was expecting a diverse basic English and composition course. The authors we read were a rather undiverse mix of minority authors and touchy politcal issues. Was often confused if Eng. Comp. was the goal of the class or exposure to minority literature.
I am 2nd generation Scandinavian-American (blonde hair, blue eyes). I can trace my family tree to the 1300's.She remarked -- in class-- that I am probably part black. What was the point in that? Form your own opinion.
Dr. Govan is certainly devoted, she does enjoy what she is teaching. She is VERY biased, however, so be warned. If you are white, then do not expect as much attention. I saw this happen in several instances. She is quite unstructured as well.
She is extremely biased to some students. If you are in her clique then you will do just fine. She is not at all helpful if you go to her. Not structured AT ALL and makes it obvious who her favorites are. Nice sometimes, but not in class.
Some students produced perfect papers in their in-class writing assignments (front and back sometimes)in ten minutes. How did they do it? Hmmmmm...
Very hard, very strict and very biased, I wish I had dropped this class.
he is not clear at all about what he wants
no text books, alway hans back papers to fix for a better grade.
Middleton is an interesting guy, to say the least. His lectures sometimes feel irrelevant, and his criteria for papers and assignments is very minimal. He's hilarious, and his lectures will keep you awake. Lots of reading but not overloaded. Very knowledgeable guy, sometimes gives out cash in class-true story. Would take him again.
Middleton is funny, but not clear in his expectations. The class is very random. You don't really do anything the whole semester. But if you are a creative writer you will be okay.
Very Nice guy, horrible teacher. Doesn't teach you anything, isn't very clear when he explains things. Gets off topic a lot, and he is a very hard grader.
Do NOT take him unless you have to. He may be funny, but he's the hardest teacher ever and only gives a max of 2 A's a semester. Would never take him again! Go with someone easier!
Before taking class, I thought I was pretty good in Math but now I am not so sure. The test was very difficult. It was hard to study for this class. The professor was not very helpful. I failed this class and I amlooking into taking it at a community college, I am sure I will pass. The professor really needs to change to method of teaching.
Ew! Horrible class. The teacher is not evil or especially mean, I had this class online so I never saw her in person so she could be different in person... however, she is not a good teacher. She gave us no notes during the entire semester and wasn't very helpful. She pretty much got paid to do nothing! Don't take her for an online class!
She's a nice women but its n extremely hard class. She makes it look easy in class, then you do your homework and it is nothing like what she just taught you. Do not take this class with her...it will kill you GPA.
I hate math now. This is the worst instructor I have ever had. She does not cover material well or answer questions well during class. 90% of questions she is asked she replies I guess I don't know what you mean and then the student who doesn't want to waste every one elses time replies never mind. This happens at least twice a class.
This teacher is awful. Usually I don't like to make horrible recommendations for teachers, but I can't help it with her. I am God awful at math, and she did not help me AT ALL. She goes SO fast through the material and doesn't care whether or not you get it. Her tests are almost impossible. She has no personality AT ALL! Avoid her at all costs!
Just give it up now...This woman is off her rocker. You had better hope you can do everything point for point her way on the exams because if there is any variation you will fail. right answer or not!
breezes through material, as to only get through the chapters for the class ciriculum.
She dresses like an old school house teacher, and requires rules that middle and high schools do (no hats/tank tops), including folding your paper a certain way, and having your ID for tests. It isn't that her class is hard, it is just ridiculous and a joke. DO NOT TAKE A CLASS OF HERS!
She requires no hats or tank-tops for both male and female. She talks to the wall so you can not hear her. She is rude and not very helpful if you are a question asker. She also moves extremely fast. I would not recommend her to anyone. I don't feel she teaches with the students at heart, she is here for the pay check.
Hardest class i have ever taken, and she made it about ten times harder. no notes and actually has you grade your hw. AVOID HER AT ALL COSTS
Pretty bad if you can take trig/intro to calc before this class and still somehow fail MTH 107. Class started with over 60 people and everyone has dropped except maybe 22 people!! Horrible teacher and worst I have ever had in my life!
horrible class. horrible professor. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS !!!!!!!
No hats or tank-tops...This is going to be a long semester.
She doesn't go over the material that well.
She will treat you like your five, I think she honestly doesn't believe that we know this stuff its so easy. She insists on keeping you to the very last moment looking for things to teach you even if you dont have questions.
SHe is a tough one. You HAVE to do your homework... she gave a test on the second day of class. I don't appreciate the dress code, but seriously, who wouldn't get cold if they wore a tank top to class? You have to speak up if you have questions.
Contrary to what others say, Ms. Lanfear does know a lot about math, stat's and calc. She is very smart and can help you if you go to her office hours. However, homework is due everyday and she expects you learn a lot on your own. This class is hard.
this lady does not know how to teach. Half the time she didn't know what she was talking about. I would aviod her if at all possible
dear god the best thing about her class is her outfits which are so off the wall. the tests are okay but make sure you study. class is a waste of time except she collects homework everyday.
took me 3 hours to finish a test she said should take 45 mins to do
Does not allow you to take notes on anything but paper, and he will call anyone out for it. Your grade is only based on 3 test grades and the final. There is a pretty big curve at the end though. Doesn't teach at an introductory level, so you have to learn most of the content from the textbook. Would highly recommend finding a different professor.
This is a very tough class. Graded only on tests and the averages are usually in the 60's. If you go to office hours and review sessions he will help you and wants you to succeed. He has a strict no technology and bathroom policy. To succeed in this class get ready to spend hours studying. I would not recommend unless very interested in econ.
Would not recommend at all, only good thing is his office hours. Be prepared to try insanely hard, get a tutor, and still get 60's on everything and barely end with a B.
I have never met a professor as condescending and egotistical as Heap. Always makes you feel terrible and insignificant when asking questions or for help. His tests, which pretty much makes up 90% of your grade, are extremely difficult to even get a 70% or higher (I have read every chapter of the macro textbook and taken notes for every lecture)
Read some of the reviews before I took his class and thought how hard could it be? I was so wrong, whatever you do avoid having him as your professor. If you do take him make sure he knows who you are (go to office hours, raise your hand, ask questions, etc.)
Definitely would not recommend Heap for Econ 201. Doesnt post grades on canvas at all so you have to continuously calculate your grade. Lots of pop quizzes. Very tough grader. Will take points off if he thinks you made up an answer. Doesnt allow students to get up and go to bathroom during class as he feels its disrespectful.
Very hard class. He cares about the class but doesn't care about his students. If you don't read you won't pass. Heap can be a real ass, I would recommend not to take this mans class.
Heap is an extremely smart guy. He knows what he's talking about and is passionate about what he teaches but, he makes the subject way harder than it has to be. The pop quizzes are difficult. He could assign a ton of reading over the weekend and still give a pop quiz on something from two lectures ago. Avoid if reading is not your thing.
By far the meanest guy I've ever had the displeasure of meeting. Confuses everyone, makes it 1000 times harder than it has to be. If you're late to class by one minute he'll kick you out. Told us he's a "vengeful grader" so piss him off and he'll just fail you. Graphs and power points he presents in lectures are impossible to keep up with.
I would not recommend taking this class, he teaches Econ 200 and it is already a challenging class. He does not make you feel like a human at times, because he is so demeaning. If can, take this class online or at a community college.
I studied before every class and still managed to fail almost every pop quiz because he looks for ANY reason to take off points. He takes pride in being a harsh grader and does not clearly explain why he marks things wrong. If you go to his help sessions he grades you less harshly. Apart from that, he is unlikable and extremely rude at times
He gives hard ass quizzes every week or two and if you want a good grade you have to study ALOT. Avoid him at all costs.
Pay attention in class. If you don't understand, go to his office hours (they don't help too much because it's still confusing) just try to get help. Read the textbook and study a lot because you don't know when the quizzes are coming.
Not worth the stress. It almost seems like he wants us all to fail. Even if you keep up in this class, it is nearly impossible to get a decent grade.
This was the toughest class I have ever taken. Heap doesn't necessarily want you to fail, he is just gives a lot of work and is sometimes hard to understand. I HIGHLY recommend going to his office hours. He usually gives extra credit to those who go and is very helpful in them. People are scared of him but once you get to know him he is a good guy.
I took this class for my major and he tells you the first day if you're a freshman you may not pass. He makes you read chapters from the textbook, an online website, and a small book every single night. If you don't read and take notes you will not pass this class. He makes you feel stupid if you ask a question and has pop quizzes. BEWARE OF HEAP.
Phil gladly calls himself the spawn of satan. He gives out quizzes once a week based on lectures and readings, but gives no hint as to what to study for them. As a person, he's hilarious and awesome. But he teaches super fast and assigns alot of readings that you HAVE to do to understand what's going on. I wouldn't recommend
Awful. DO NOT TAKE. I came out with a C but I had to stress like crazy for it and roughly half of the class withdrew at the W deadline. The entire grade is based on pop quizzes which are impossible (Getting a 510 is difficult). He also thinks he is the smartest guy on the planet and he talks down to the class. If at all possible, do not take him.
My biggest regret is taking his class. Heap is an okay professor but his 4-question quizzes are impossible. They're usually pop quizzes too. Even if you go to every class and study, there's a very good chance you won't do well. Avoid him at all cost.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!!! Your grade is mainly based off of 4-question pop quizzes that are insanely hard, even if you do all the reading. He degrades students and makes you sing "I'm a Little Teapot" in front of the whole class if you are ever late. I dropped the class and strongly do not recommend him!
He is loved by few and hated by many. He calls himself the spawn of satan and he embraces it. He does know the information very well, but if you don't study your notes every day there is no way you're going to understand everything,
This was the hardest class I have ever taken. You only get graded on pop quizzes and the final, and he purposely makes the class hard so that people will withdrawal, giving him a smaller class.
Heap is a very smart man but expects you to be just as smart. I choose to withdraw from this class instead of fail it and have to retake it. Your entire grade is based on 5 in class pop quizzes that the class average was about a 210, and a few take home quizzes, and the final. Take this class with a different professor, its not worth the stress.
If you don't learn by only reading and memorization, then you are pretty much screwed for this class. He is unhelpful when giving study tips and assumes everyone in the class is an idiot because they can't answer his ridiculously difficult questions.
DO NOT TAKE. HORRIBLE. He is very smart but should not be a teacher. His pop quizes are extrmely hard. Class avergae was around a 46%. A GenEd class should NOT be this hard.
Very very tough class. If ECON is not your thing, do not take Heap. 70% of your grade is written quizzes, which isn't my style of testing at all so that really killed me. Very knowledgeable professor but if you're just trying to survive ECON I would recommend a professor that doesn't already assume that we all want to be ECON majors.
I hated this class. I thought it was very difficult to grasp because his lectures aren't easy to follow. he only has 9 quizzes, no tests but the quizzes are near impossible. they are only four questions very vague. I ended up getting a c in this class but that's only because I went to office hours and even attended other sections of his class.
I can't stand this class. I have been doing almost all of the reading, and coming to every class but then compl. fail every quiz. He is NO help. When I asked for help all he says is do the reading & look at the notes--I DO BOTH! I understand in class, but his quizzes are impossible (4 questions worth 25 pts each)& he doesn't pass back til next quiz
The average quiz grades to date combined is a 3/10...I think this says a lot about his teaching and less on how well the class studied. I for one studied hard and still failed everyone. He definitely tries to trick you. I also hate his attitude its very superior and smug. Wish I didn't take this class.
The fact that there is no textbook makes this course exponentially harder. Relying on Heap's disorganized outlines and extremely fast paced notes makes studying for the class difficult even if you are a hard worker.
Heap is a hard teacher. The class itself is interesting but gets complicated. The final is impossible. Avoid this class if your looking for a guarenteed A. All pop quizzes are extremely difficult.
Professor Heap is a great teacher, he really knows his information well; however, if you are taking the class you have to be deicated to the readings he assigned bc the questions will most likely appear in the quizzes, even though it is pop quizzes it is most like 1 a week, take good notes and the final was not as hard as it had seemed.
Gives a lot of readings in a lot of different books, no midterm and only counts the 6 best quizzes are really hard. Holds review sessions in the afternoon to help that also give extra credit though.
Bring a drink.
The guy is a jerk. Liked him all semester long and did well on all my quizes and had an A- in the class. He gave me a C though because he said I talked. I hardly ever talked. Idk what kind of teacher lowers your grade by 16 % points.
Alright, where to start. This guy knows his stuff well, but does a terrible job at teaching it. He gives around 10 random quiz's and only keeps 5 of them. Problem is they are at any time, and most likely on a subject you didn't look over. Class is fun but there is not much incentive to go. STAY AWAY if you can not teach yourself from the book.
He is the HARDEST TEACHER ever!!from my 25people class 6 ended up dropping this class. Quizzes almost every class!!!
Terrible professor. Very hard class and get ready to read a lot. His pop quizzes suck and your grades are made up of these quizzes and the final at the end of the year. AVOID IF YOU CAN! This year, over half the class either has a D or F. NOT GOOD!
Professor Heap is an extremely difficult professor to get a good grade in. Of all of his econ students this year, only 15% have an A or a B. On top of that, he has a very callous and miserable personality as well. If you are only signed up to take him to fulfill gened requirements, you should strongly consider taking another class instead.
umm hardest class ever...the guy talks a mile a minute. the random quizes suck and so do the extra credit things on the weekend cause you have to check your computer every hour and may not even find one, i guess he's the best econ though...good luck
he looks like a damn troll. confusing to understand so i would just end up getting the book and reading it. yet he says there is no attendance apolicy he hands out quizes when half of the class is missing. AVOID
he looks like gimley from lord of the rings, hardest class ive ever taken. a third of the class going into the final had D's or lower. yeah he sux, people may say hes cool cause he puts beer and drugs in his problems but all that matters is the numbers, so he still sux
WORST CLASS EVER!!! avoid him!! so boring and confusing, never had a clue what was going on and i never even missed a class?!!? our class average was a 30%. and he says 1/2 his class fails his final...i'd believe it!
He's a **** if you ask me. Examples were all about sex, drugs, alcohol and he bad mouthed women. It was hard to concentrate because he freaked me out. And, with being a hard teacher in general I would not recommend him AT ALL!
extremly tough class, worked my ass off, he basicly told me b/c i was working so hard, he wouldn't fail me, BUT DID ANYWAYS, unless your good at Econ. DON'T take him. He is full of himself too
Alright, so the man fails every person in the class. He's still hilarious. Hardest class I have ever taken, hands down. It's like another language. Good luck getting above a 2 on his pop quizzes.
Talks fast, lots of work, hard! He will help if you need it but only so much
Moves very fast Must read book to understand. Tests are easy if you study a lot
straight up hard and teaches too fast - dont even consider this guy for a prof
Hard tests, his lectures are so BORING and hard to take notes
would do nicely as a claymation character. tough teacher. bad class.
well lets just say don't take this class..although he knows his stuff..stay away
goes entirely too fast. i would learn a lot more if he would simply slow down.
The class isn't awful..he's just really old!! It's really boring, hard to stay awake. If you do the reading you should be totally fine though. Aside from suffering through the lectures, it was a pretty easy class.
He is very intelligent and definitely knows a lot about history, however I find it hard to understand him and hard to concentrate on what he is talking about. Very boring, unless you LOVE history. Many quizzes, a couple tests, and 2 papers. The research paper is long (7-8 pages) but I have actually enjoyed the paper since I picked a topic I like.
Poor Henry. He is the sweetest old man on the planet but he can't really teach. He is so smart but it is incredibly difficult to stay awake in class. Two tests, one cumulative final, 6 quizzes (lowest two are dropped), one paper. He is so cute but the tests and quizzes usually have random classes. Read the book and extra readings= B+
Very boring teacher. Myers is literally 75 years old and they are very boring lectures. they put you right to sleep. he has 6 quizzes, 2 lowest ones are dropped. his tests arent that bad if you read the textbook. you won't get anything out of the lectures. you can only miss 2 classes and he assigns an 8 page research paper. Hes okay but very boring
I love him! He is sincere and really puts effort into the class. He always has videos to watch to help make things interesting. Sometimes the lectures are dry but that's life. He is soo intelligent and doesn't even need notes to lecture! If you do the reading and come to class you should do well. He has a paper, presentation, and exams.
Dr. Meyers is a really intelligent man. The quizzes can be tough if you don't study or take notes. I almost failed the midterm because it wasn't what I had expected. You have an option between an oral presentation combined with a short paper or a longer paper of about 15 pages. Harder class than I had anticipated. He is extremely nice, though.
Nice man, but old. Very hard to follow and the quizzes are extremely hard.
READ: in contradiction to what most people have reviewed him, this man is horrible! he is as ancient as the subject he teaches and incredibly boring! he would make a great grandparent but his teaching is so absent minding, jumps around subjects so fast
Sweet and intelligent man.type of guy you'd want as a grandpa,but huge amount of material covered on tests/quizzes.. must read every little detail or you'll be clueless for them, b/c questions are so random and include things you wouldn't think matter
Prof. Patterson is brilliant and has unmatched passion for history. The workload can get overbearing at times. His intellect sometimes leaves you guessing and confused in class discussions, but i learned so much. Also, he teaches socratically.
**** **** and wants everyone to know about it!
She knows the subject but can't teach well. If you really want to understand the subject get ready to read a lot. Some assignments available online. Not so easy tests.
Taught A* Algorithm well. All else was highly ambiguous. The book (Norvig) wasn't easy to comprehend, to put it mildly. The assignments' solutions can be found online. She tries to be fair in grading, but with solutions available online, there are 2 ways to get good grades: hard work (might get good grades), google search (will get good grades).
Horrible class, makes you do everything on your own and assigns homework every freaking week.
If you are not familiar with any of the material, then try to avoid this class...if you get behind, hard to catch back up. Grades hard and different on everything, I did extremely well on all quizzes, but bad on tests.
In my opinion, very boring and poor professor. He knows his material but doesn't do a good job conveying it to the students. He takes attendance, lectures tend to drag. Save yourself!
Madsen is tough and expects YOU to learn the matertial. The homework helps alot. If you leave it to the last minute, it can be VERY overwhelming. You have to be prepared for exams b/c if you're not, you won't have time to finish. Questions can be worth up to 25 points each. Try Hard, You'll do fine.
If you have not taken any other econ classes or are not econ oriented at all - DO NOT TAKE MADSEN! He will make you take atleast 4 pages of notes a day and will NOT go back to explain anything! He has no regard for the students that are having a hard time with the material. I went to class every day and still failed every test.
very hard class, teacher isnt very supportive, it is possible to get a decent grade but with a lot of time, stress, and effort
He knows the material well, flies through it and expects you to know what he is talking about. I study endless hours, know the material well and still bomb the tests. If your natural at econ you might do well otherwise take someone else!! Not the nicest guy either, very condescending.
Assumes that all the students are on the same level as he is. When students asks questions, he gives sarcastic remarks as if the student is stupid. Moves very fast through sometimes not so easy calculations. Not a good professor at all.
He does know Econ very well, but he thinks everyone should have a thorough understanding of it as well. If you don't then you will be lost, and he will not cover anything he thinks you should already know.
His tests are extreamly hard. He gives extra points for attendance which helps out a lot.
very vague, the quizzes are ok, but the tests are difficult you definitely have to study.
u gotta do project...and dont miss class...test are hard...boring!!
If you like dry examples like wheat prices in kansas...he's you're man...zzzzzzz
Good Class
I don't know what ya'll are talking about his test are hard as hell. They are so confusing and he teaches nothing. The stuff on the test has nothing to do with what he talks about. I got an A but it was hard-earned. If you don't wanna study like crazy stay away! he is rediculous
Very smart guy, but teaching is just not his thing. I swear he comes into class blitzed out of his skull. Regardless, he requires you to buy his book which is filled with biased and false info, the navigation in it sucks. Hes never in his office hours and always late if at all in class. He lost ALL of your HW. OUR WHOLE CLASS! He is very unorganize
funny guy, goes off on tangents, has alot of homework, but not hard stuff, read the chapters and take notes in class.
Worst teacher i have had so far. Have to buy HIS book ($100) just to tear out worksheets, goes on tangents, it was normal for him to give a 12 point curve on tests. Somehow managed an A by doing extra credit and the 30 pge paper.
Incredibly boring class. I have stopped listening to him during lectures and now just read the book in class. It takes him forever to cover one subject and the book is ridiculous. Don't take this class if you can help it.
took the 3 hour once a week class with him...DON'T...its sooo boring i couldn't bare to go to class... economics is bad enough as it is, dont try and and get through it in one day. He's a plus minus grader...i ended up with a B+ but i would of rather withdrawn when i had the chance.
he is an ok teacher
The class itself isnt bad, but i would not recommend this teacher. He writes his own book (which is very opinionated and less factual), and charges nearly $100 for it. Talk about a rip-off. If you want to save your money, get someone different.
Ok, he's easy. Not very helpful and very preoccupied with other things than class. Always late to class. Overall a smart man. Tests are off the wall but easy. If you know any economics going in your probably ok.
Go 2 the classes, not for just for notes but because 50% of ur grade is attendence he has something due every class. The "10" page paper turned out 2 be 20 pages for me and everyone i know. He rambles alot & the book is unclear. Choose someone e
This man is the "International Man of Mystery." He makes comments about Scandinavian winters and helping with exports in Japan! If you are good at economics and are willing to do a 10 page paper then take him. If not, I suggest someone else.
This teacher is very difficult and hard to understand. His notes never relate to the tests and the EC was a 10 page paper on Economics for 5 points at the most.
His monotone voice will make you go crazy. He is so boring. If you like to sleep, take his class, it's boring as hell.
Had us look up other countries economies and pick out articles about there economies and write about them. Test had nothing to do with the lectures. but you could take them as often as you liked not like it mattered.
The guy doesnt teahc teach. He has these notes online that he doesnt even use. His reviews are the same as read the chapters assigned. I wouldnot reccomend this professor he is not here to help the students
His tests are very difficult. He doesn't even really teach. He just seemed to expect you to know the material. He does curve the tests, which is good. However, overall I didn't really learn much from his class.
Students beware! Three hours is an awful long time..register at your own risk!!
He definitely knows his stuff, but he wants you to know just as much. He throws out one of the 3 exams which is good because his exams are ridiculously hard. He's not a bad guy and he doesn't want you to fail, but his class is incredibly difficult for a 100 level course.
Great professor! Many fear him and for legitimate reasons, but if you actually show up to all his classes, take detailed notes and study them, you will get an A or A-, but you must put in the effort. He is a very knowledgeable and witty Harvard man. You can do it! Just stay focused and give it your all. Details are key. A must for future historians
DO NOT TAKE HIM! the only good thing about the class is that for a month you don't have to go. You will write one paper 18-20 pgs, you pick the topic. He grades so harsh and focuses so much on the english of the paper rather then the history that he should be a english professor. I am a hist maj and I have had my share of tough prof, he is the wrst
This class is awful. It is very difficult to decipher his ramblings. His tests are insane, the questions aren't too hard, but he grades them very tough. Don't take this class unless you have to. It's incredibly boring, and Bernstein is nothing but a cynic who thinks he is better than everyone else and his students are ignorant and worthless.
Ugh - never had to drink coffee before until I had this class at 11:00 am 2 days a week - very boring - just talks and you have to take notes - tests are hard, either essay questions or ids that you have to define - but he curves a lot
Horrible Horrible MAN
I'm a good student and this was a hard course. Take it with another professor if possible or be prepared to not get an A
If you like Mr. Burns from 'The Simpsons', check this guy out.
the worst.
Lectures terribly boring and confusing.No clue if your not a history major.
He is crazy, and i thought hilarious. easy grader. very interesting.
Boring teacher that will put you to sleep every class. Try to take a different professor
tests and quizes are nothing like class material. not available for help often
Very easy class.....but tests have barely anything to do with lecture and readin
Tough class...prepare to work your butt off for an A
He has good intentions, but the ways he goes about explaining certain processes is very backwards. He likes to do the problem as if it was given to him at a job, and try to explain it after he had completed it. It is a very tough class and my friend who had already taken Trig but couldn't transfer credits, dropped the class.
I still got a good grade in this class, but it was no thanks to Dr. Sun. Basically had to teach the material to myself with the textbook, so it was a good thing I had a really strong background in math prior to this class. Good luck to you if you don't...
He gives you 9 exam throughout the semester. Gives you quizzes everyday. Rushes through lecture due to the fact of having to take the quizzes. Gets side tracked very easily. Doesn't go in depth in his lectures and just has you copy down the notes and expects you to teach yourself.
Odd guy, easy class, doesn't know his math well enough to be teaching at the college level. You will get an A if you work hard but you are better off actually benefiting in the class by taking it with someone else. He teaches WAY TOO SLOWLY!
Every M,W,and F I wake up and dread going to this class.I have taken Calculus before (thank God) but he confuses me and I already know what I'm doing. As a person, he is a good guy, but as a teacher he sucks. He goes into too much detail, he's very picky, and he lacks logical explaination.I feel sorry for those who haven't taken Calc before.
It would be nice if the class was tested on problems and questions that are remotely similiar to what he teaches and is in the text that he uses. He is a worthless teacher that doesn't understand the concept of teaching and testing, you are supposed to test on materials covered not on trick questions or ones not covered in any materials given!!!!!!
I really do not like this guy. He reads right from the textbook, so basically if you can't teach yourself, you're screwed. He's very picky. I did not like how he would put an example on the board, then stare at us, waiting for someone to say how to do it. He does this thing where he wags his finger at the board though, and that was funny.
He definitely knows his stuff but does not know how to teach "down" to students. I have always had the best grade in all the math classes i have ever taken, but am struggling in this class. I was actually reprimanded for asking him questions in class!THe examples in the book and the notes are nothing like his impossible tests! AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
He is nice, and really tried to help, he just can't! He can't "teach down". He is very intellegent, but not a good teacher.
well-intentioned nice guy, too bad I had to drop the class, because he couldn't explain the material clearly enough to me(only the easy problems), class was surprisingly interesting class for the time I remained
Ferris's Math department continues to suck again! Helpful guy to an extent, but makes you answer your own questions! Isn't that what we pay professors for---to answer OUR questions??? Exam was moderate. Makes math one of the subjects where you have to think outside the box and it shouldnt be this!!
Pretty nice guy, but had no clue how to expain anything. I had to teach myself the material. Makes the tests hard.
Worst teacher ever
He made his tests so hard. I studied for two weeks for the final and got a C. He makes it so much harder than it needs to be. You can know the material and still do bad.
Awful professor! Is literally out to make things harder then what they need to be. I would recommend taking a different professor if at all possible.
Very smart man, but his lectures were so unclear. Not a good experience.
This class should be called "how to think like an extremist from the Left Side." Very liberal class with a clear bias. I've learned more about the professor's political views then I have art. Dissapointed that WMU requires their students to take this class as the teachers clearly have an agenda that has nothing to do with education.
Class is also known as DEARTs. You will either love this class or hate this class. Professor Solomon is very tedious to listen to. He tends to be very arrogant and talk about himself more then the topic/lecture at hand. He will not let late students in and WILL yell at you if you are seen not paying attention. Annoying to take but can be an easy A.
Such a narcissistic person, constantly shows all of his artwork in class looking for compliments. Really just not an enjoyable person to be around.
I really thought this class would be interesting and filled with creative forms of art. I was discouraged by how much it felt like just a lecture hall. Participation matters along with daily assignments. His rules are set in stone and there is A LOT of out out of class work. He is very stubborn and I did not enjoy this class as I thought I would.
I took his art history class, very interesting, fun class....lots of randomness.
Crazy guy. Interesting class...really random about stuff, exams easy and had to read one book and write an essay on it. Don't take this class if you don't plan on going or missing out of class performances.
go to class, and the after-class performances and you'll be fine. But he's a little on the odd side-and beware he makes you speak into a microphone
class was boring, class room jam packed with people, performances on weekends :(
Just do yourself a favor a dont take his class. All Im going to say to put it nicely.
This was a tough class to take. It wasn't really because the material was difficult, but because the way it's presented is a bit confusing. I enjoyed that the class was interesting, because Professor Mehler presented things in a different perspective for every lecture, but I would have liked a little more structure to what I was learning.
He is weird to say the least the class is fairly easy as long as you readstudy the material.
Worst class ever. His lectures mean nothing, your grade is predestined and the tests are all over 50-60 pages he puts online. If you ask, he will let you take the tests in groups. Just make sure you ask!
Jack Daniels and Camel cigarettes. Be very familiar with them, and the Rolling Stones. Super easy class if you can just do some thinking. Journals are easy, he grades papers conservatively, and he lets you take exams as a group if you ask. I really liked him
Professor Mehler, is a nice guy and he means well, but listening about his personal life and culture was not my ideal History class. I didnt learn much. Grades can be based on "predestination"
Professor Mehler, is a nice guy and he means well, but unless you want to sit in class for and hour and fifteen minutes listening about his personal life and culture, I reccomend you pass on taking this class. He is very clear with directions, but rambles on the whole time about literally nothing, the class periods were a waste of my time.
He likes to rant about people calling him a Marxist. Tends to repeat the same information over and over.
He's a pretty cool guy. Funny as hell w/ his lectures; doesn't care about management at Ferris and said he would come in w/ an Uzi... hilarious!
Your grade is based on 4 tests! No homework. You must read all the notes posted online or you won't understand what's going on!
He is a very different teacher. He is very intelligent and can teach you a lot, if he stays in track. He likes to ramble on and it is hard to keep track of information. We did not have a textbook, all of it was online, which is nice. The subject matter is interesting, and i would recommend this course.
He's kind of weird. All his class is, is lecture. Nothing else, no homework, only tests and attendence are your grade. Very easy class to sleep in too. I don't know if he's boring or the class is, but as long as you print off his study guides and chapter outlines, you really don't have to pay attention to the lectures at all.
He babbles on alot. His tests are very hard. He stands up in class and talks alot. He shows boring movies. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.
I HATED THIS GUY!!..HES THE BIGGEST **** ON THE PLANET! IF YOU ARENT JEWISH OR THINK HIS WAY YOU FAIL...I HATED HIS CLASS AND HE WAS SOOO BORING AND HIS TESTING METHOD SUCKS ASS!
apparently he's a profesional writer, he's got a huge ego going on he's gods gift to writting, dull lectures
Everything is a conspiracy theory and he basically teaches his opinions. He tells you that you need to read the book, but then doesn't take any questions from the book for the test. Take good notes in the class, try to go to SI and take everything he says with a grain of salt. He will annoy you, that's guaranteed.
THis professor reminds me of the lorax stomping on his tree stump insisting that he speaks for the tress, but really he's just entertaining himself.
He has a very good background facts and just doesn't get to the make up test fast enough still waiting to take the test.
His teaching ability is mediochre. The professor also has a habit of arguing with any statements that might be contrary or from a different view point. He then proceeds to making the individual in the class feel almost sheepish for making the comment.
does not like cj profession (cops)
Kind of a useless professor, it is possible to learn everything she has said in statistics on your own. I had her for Child/Adolescent Psychology as well... you would do well to avoid these classes if you can!
Lectures are confusing, but she makes sure you get an A on the exams
this class was the most boring class i have ever taken. all she did was read her notes. papers/tests are graded critically not on how you did, but on what would be better...which in no way will help you in the future since later tests are not cumulative.
Dont waste your time with this professor. Nice person, but terrible teacher. If youre not a strong test taker, you will not survive. Also have fun purchasing a brand new text book, Lab Manual, Lab Guide AND online software (which you wont even use) no opportunity to earn any points other than the 3 100 point exams and quizzes every Mon/Wed.
I was not happy with Mrs. Dudleys teaching. Her lectures are pretty bland, and her grading was very hard. Her labs are rushed and take forever. I would not recommend taking this class if you're looking for an easy A...
The good, the bad, and the ugly with Dudley: Good: everything on the test is covered in the lecture and labs. Just show up, I didn't even buy a textbook. Bad: if you are only taking a biology course for credit, skip this one. Loads of terms, boring content, and diagrams. Expect miserable nights of studying. The ugly: she doesn't use blackboard.
She's alright.
Horrible teacher rambles on and on about things that are not even on the tests. Tests are hard, even if you take a test you still have a quiz when you get to lab to many field trips throughout the class. unfair grading very obvious she has favorites recommendation is not to take the class
She is well educated in Marine Biology, though she was pretty scatter brained. It was hard to follow her a lot of times and she talks A LOT while explaining the lab exercises. She is arrogant and is unapproachable. The class was challenging because of everything you have to memorize, but it's not awful. Glad I passed it, that's all I can say.
requires a lot of textbooks and, of course, reading. She is always up talking and notes are neccessary.
The semester started out okay but her lectures became confusing. She talked a lot and didn't really give you anything to take notes on, just a lot of rambling. If you like a visual outline type of thing I would suggest not taking this class. She is also an attendance nazi.
tough but good
I'm currently still taking her. Beware, she's an extremely tough grader and assigns so much homework. She grades strictly by Turnitin. If your paper even has a quoted source and turnitin picks it up, she takes off that much percent off of the ENTIRE GRADE! So let's say turnitin says 34% sources. You'll get a 66% for that grade! Avoid if you can!!!!
Way too tough for her own good. This class is really an English class where she shoves it to you. Makes sure that you can't get an A unless you love English (grammer and word usage). Obviously she thinks life is about Grammer, not actual content. She worked at DuPont so of course she knows everything. What a joke.
Regardless of how good the content is, you can end up making a C or D based on errors (Whether its grammatical or if she thinks it doesn't sound right). Gives out A's like they come out of her paycheck. Keeps you the whole-time. She's a nice lady, but the class feels like kindergarten. The test questions have multiple answers.
The class material is helpful, but the teacher is way to picky when grading, i am an A student (got an A in Econ 3125), managed to get a C in here! Not slacking doesnt help your grades, she will not give you a 100 on anything, has to deduct points somehow
Boring and lots of work. However, it's not that difficult. She was rude to me once, and I didn't enjoy her portion of the class after that point.
Class is incredibly boring, but if you do the homeworks and papers, you will make it through.
VERY Boring Lady... sleep in and just read the book... you'll do fine... whatever you do just don't question your homework grades, she's a mean one!!
Lots of work, very detailed grading, and so frakin boring...can't stay awake
Something is overwhelmingly suspicious about a woman with 2 last names.
Boring,too many picky rules that can make you fail even if you work hard
There is no homework, and her class can get boring sometimes. But, she is very nice. Not a lot of extra credit, so DO IT when she gives you an opportunity too because her tests are hard. Her study guides are usually not what is on the test. so memorize what you think is important.
Everything she teaches is not on the Exams. You have Exams about every week. Each Exam is on like 4 chapters and you have to read each chapter if you want to pass. She is a fun teacher but if you want to pass I would recommend to take a different professor.
Awesome, FUN teacher! I took her abnormal psychology class. I loved it!
She is a great lady. Probably one of the most down to earth cool teachers i have ever had. I get A's in psych and I studied more for her class than any other and i did not do very well. You need to study study study if you want to get a good grade and just make sure you can understand every aspect of every concept in her class.
took her a long time ago for 120 EASY!! expected the same for 220 WRONG . you are expected to learn by lots of drawings and pictures to theories. NEVER SKIP CLASS READ THE BOOK ASK QUESTIONS :)
Hands out A's like it's the trend this year. So much extra credit that studying for tests is almost a lude point. Extremely gossipy, mind set of your day to day high school student.
She picks her favorites and sticks to them. Not helpful at all to other students.
Condescending lit prof teaching language.
I didn't like her teaching methods at all.
he is a nice teacher BUT sometimes he isnt in the mood to help. if you ask too many questions he begins to question your intelligence. very hard class. my first failing grade ever. never have to bring your book. unless you want it for his tests because they are open book. highly recommended. im afraid of statistics now.
You HAVE to buy the calculator!! I ignored what others said about him and I got my first D ever!!! He is a very nice guy, and does have a point about giving his students opportunities, but its not much help. He is super confusing. You basically need someone else to teach you the class because you can't understand him.
Gee...I took this guy in the early 80's and he's still here! It looks like his teaching style has not changed. This guy is very rigid. He will not ever give you one inch. It is good to know that I was not crazy after reading others comments. I would not recommend him especially for folks beginning undergraduate work.
Mr. Chow is a really friendly guy with a great personalilty, but he is kind of hard to understand. I don't have a problem with his class at all, but if you don't like paying attention or you don't like math, i don't recommend his class.
Hard to understand what he is saying at times. His lectures get boring and hard to follow. You will learn everything yourself though the online homework. Study guides are very helpful. Just do the online work (fairly easy) and you'll do fine. Chow not great, but his class is not so bad.
I am very good at math and i managed to fail this class. Chow is very unclear, and he jumps around allot. i did not like this class at all.
he tries very hard to teach, and if you ask him for help he will help you out. Dont take him if math is not your strong subject. I suck at math and managed a C....but it was a lot of work
Stay away from this class! yes the quizzes are easy but the exams are nothing like the homework or quizzes and the class is curved to 81%A. Sounds good but you will end up failing even putting long hours during the homework. He is very hard to understand and it took me outside tutors to understand the material.
The quizzes and tests are all open note, open book. The class is curved so an 81% is an A. But dont expect to get an A. The class is really hard, but he gives you the chance to do well. He is a really good guy, and we laughed a lot....but he is not the best teacher. Sorry bob
your better off teaching yourself from the textbook
Don't take him! His lectures make no sense. He gets mad if u ask ne questions.
Chow down. Or down with Chow? I found Mr. Chow's teaching style extremely hard to follow. He seemed bothered by questions from students. It felt like we were all merely spectators in Bob Chow's math universe. Requires a lot of self-teaching. Spare yourself the difficulty.
Unless you're planning on repeating this class I highly recommend that you take another teacher. I recommend that you take Hilton. Trust me I know.
He should enroll in english as a seconde language before trying to this class. He is willing to help but you can not understand him well enough to comprehend him. I would rather stab myself before taking this class again.
I don't reccomend taking his class. Only about 5-10% of my class passed. Lectures are really hard to follow. He gets frustrated when you ask questions too. Tests are pretty hard and he rarely gives partial credit. But he is a nice guy and he means well.
Very hard Class. I worked my but off to get a "C". The class started with 50 people but only 5 passed it. I studied like crazy and would probably get a B or A with another teacher, but with Mr. Chow is impossible to get something better than C.
IT HARD TO UNDERSTAND HIM SOMETIMES, BUT HE'S REALLY NICE. GRADES ARE ALL BASED ON TEST- THEY'E OPEN NOTE/BOOK. YOU HAVE TO ATLEAST TRY TO DO SOME OF THE HOMEWORK IF YOU WANT TO GET A DECENT GRADE. HE'S OK, BUT YOU HAVE TO PUT EFFORT.
Those of you that say he is easy may have already taken this course or you are simply a math genius but for the rest fo us who need to work on it...he is no help at all! If you have a question that he thinks he has covered properly you will get no answer
Although I carry a 3.6 GPA, I still had problems with this class and pulled my second C. He does allow notes, but notes without the proper background do little to help. I went in to see him and found him to be very unhelpful. Avoid if at all possible
He is a very freindly instructor but I found myself teaching myself the material because he had not covered it properly or at all. The modules aren't required but if you don't do them understanding the class is more difficult.
Exams are horrible. Students have to memorize info from 5 different mandatory textbooks and numerous class videos, along with student-posted discussion essays which realistically no one is going back to read. Then when the students inevitably do poorly, she blames the class for not paying attention rather than realizing her expectations are insane.
Although professor Miller seems like a nice person, her tests and grading system is inconsistent. On the discussion essays, she takes several points off (out of 10) for the most minor issues and inserts her opinions. She can also record a lecture and it'll go on for 2.5 hours (for a 1hr class). For this class, it's better just to read the textbook
Clearly used to teaching undergrads and does not treat grad student with respect when they need to miss a class due to other requirements of their major or internship, etc. Made students create class blog but she does not really understand tech. Held a class in a noisy restaurant and then lost points on discussion because she couldn't hear me.
Prof Miller is a passionate teacher and tries to engage students in discussions but sometimes lacks structure and direction. In her hybrid intro to sociocultural anth, she ignores most of the assignments and discusses only a fraction of the course material. While very positive and supportive, she did not provide a good introduction to anthropology.
Class requires insane amount of work. Prof Miller is unprofessional and makes an attempt to be the "cool professor". Instead, she reads off powerpoints taken from her book and tests on every last detail from it. (captions, everything) Class is pointless. TA's of no help. Shouldn't be teaching at GW
I'm not sure why everyone says to take this class.. Babs's tests are ridiculously hard and do not test you on concepts but on whether or not you can memorize details (not really into class material). It is a very interesting topics and Babs is funny, but she does tend to get a little annoying and lectures become pointless if you read/have a good TA
Nice professor and enjoyable during the class which gives the false appearance that the class is an easy grade. Test are ridiculously detail-oriented and do not test your understanding or reading. Not a class where if you do the work you get a good grade. Make sure you get a good TA to help you survive.
Lectures are generally interesting and she will say random things that will usually be on the tests. Three exams (not cumulative) which are very detail-oriented so you must cram! But then the things she asks will be like, one sentence from the book and VERY specific. There is also one 3-4 page paper that is incredibly easy.
her tests completely go against the ethos of anthropology and education in general- very nit picky, random items of information that have NO relevance whatsoever. dont even think about it.,
Babs is fun and has interesting lectures, especially when she give personal examples. :P However the exams were insane just going over the studyguide will not get you ready. They were too nit-picky and the paper was very unclear! The TA's also were a little unknowlegable, but if you're interested in Antrho take it, you learn a lot.
Did well in the class, but the worst professor I've ever had. Completely unhelpful and unreachable, tests were too detailed and TA's were unknowledgeable and just as unhelpful. Wouldn't recommend this class to anyone.
The tests are extremely hard, the reading is insane (you have to read 2 novels which could put insomniacs to sleep) plus her textbook and another "AE" book. Unless you are an anthro major, this class is too hard to take for fun like I did.
This was a class that I was looking forward to but now not only do I dislike it, I don't know if I can ever take another anthropology class again. She is a huge feminist and liberal to the point that if you are not an extreme feminist or liberal...you will feel angry. Every example she gives is about women. That is not how the world works.
Miller constantly pushes her own far left, anti-Western political agenda down your throat (and I am a person that voted for Kerry.) She makes students who dont share her far left perspective uncomfortable. Exams require encyclopedic knowledge of obscure parts of the text. Enormous curve though.
babs is rediculous and class is a waste of time. exams are super detailed while the course covers an insane amount of conceptual info. her lectures make no sense and she constantly refers you back to the book. a prerec, but not an exciting class.
Not only is she basically a socialist, but she lashes out at anyone who calls something of another culture wrong as being ethnocentric. Even if that culture promotes the forcable mutilation of its population.
The reverse classroom method he uses (learn at home, problems in class) is so inefficient and not helpful at all. If you don't do the 60 or so practice problems every two days, you will struggle. I feel like the class time could be spent teaching the material and doing a few problems, and not the class being confused over the hardest hw problems.
Do not take his Logic class unless you have a deep interest. He is not in support of students. You teach yourself. Do not take to fulfill a requirement. It will destroy your GPA.
HORRIBLE class, DO NOT TAKE. Any other logic professor is a better bet. Way too hard of a grader for an intro course, do not take this to satisfy math requirements.
Class was very difficult. He likes to intimidate everyone and will make you feel inferior from day one. A third of the class dropped after the midterm before the drop deadline. Average on the final exam was a 44% and for the midterm was the about the same. If you don't like philosophy do not take this class, you'll hate it even more after its over.
he is unapproachable and unhelpful. he gets off on intimidating students and trying to appear intellectually superior. the readings and class discussions were stimulating and interesting. however, he did a poor job of clarifying the text. i wouldn't take this class or any class with him again. ever.
i like this guy, if you do the work and show him youve tried he isnt all bad
The Prof was confusing almost everyday and didn't really seem to know the subject at all. Almost everyone in this class thought it was a waste of time. It's kind of an easy grade but good luck sitting through pointless conversations.
likes to argue-- often doesnt make sense
I don't know what to say. He can be a bit of a jerk sometimes--stand-offish--and the class midterm average was 60, but I like him. I don't even know why as I read this.
Ms. drake is very nice but she's unprepered and gave students their grades in front of everyone. She told a dsps student to stop using excuses for testing. overall she is not professional and you learn nothing from this class. be self motivated for this one. very discouraging. she is rude.
Incredibly boring. You have to go to class because all the quizzes are surprise quizzes, and if you miss a day you might miss a quiz and you can't make it up. Doesn't return work on time. I didn't get my first graded paper back until almost halfway through the semester. The papers are easy enough but the quizzes and tests were difficult.
Are we in English class here? That is what I wondered all semester. She needs to be teaching a political science or some cultural class. Not English. I finally had to ask if we were in English class and for her to stop the madness with her Religion bashing session. Horrible teacher...stay away!
wouldn't recomend. she teaches you like you are in fifth grade. very easy to get out of being absent. looses papers some times. overall esay A
I am in the middle of the term in my art 115 class. Prof. Campbell is hardly helpful, demeaning, and demands far to much for a basic class. We spent clear over $200 finding supplies for just this class. She grades as if we are graduates and is wholly contented to just stay in her own world. If you like to feel small and useless,take this class.
She grades too hard. Avoid at all cost
trips people up on purpose just to watch them suffer and lose heart in themself
Just one word- yawwwwwn. Go to his class to take a mid-day snooze.
awesome teacher, can teach you A LOT if you go in during the work classes. he isn't just going to offer info if you aren't really interested.
Took his Strobel class fall2017. His Audit 1 class was kind of difficult. Study the class questions he provides, causes he wont really teach you that much. He wrote the accounting book; I probably would have learned more if he just popped that baddie open and read it aloud during class.
The professor is good, but the grading standard is confused, the syllabus said that there are several parts consist of the grade, but actually, the final exam take much more consideration than what he said on the syllabus in grading. It seems that the grading standard on syllabus is a joke.
Expected a lot out of this professor because he hypes up how distinguished he is. However, he left a lot to be desired. His homework is very easy but does absolutely nothing to help prepare you for his brutal tests. Final was 75 MC questions and 7 simulations. Take somebody else unless you want audit to be your life for 10 weeks.
One of the most boring professors I've ever had. Takes very long pauses in his speeches and goes on boring tangents. You'll learn more reading the textbook.
Unless you're a genius, you won't do well in his class. If you pay attention in class and do well on the homework assignments you'll more than likely still end up with a mediocre grade. His tests are some of the hardest I've ever taken. I know someone who aced all his accounting classes before this one.
Needles definitely knows what he's talking about, but is unable to explain it to students. He also wrote the textbook so if you don't understand that- going to class won't help. Expect a lot of useless outside work. He doesn't even look at it and barely goes over it, and expect classes that jump all over the place and are completely rushed.
He is an expert in the field of accounting, so he is very comfortable with the material. I would not say that presenting material, however, is his forte. After ten weeks, I was happy to get through my first accounting course with a B. I would avoid him if I had to do it over again, but a lot of people prefer him. He was just a bit dull for me.
Very boring teacher with boring subject. Showed up late to class and kept us late. Test was hard.Rude during presentations. Tried to make everyone feel stupid.
Dont take him. He talks for 2 hours and 40 minutes straight from pure memory with no PowerPoints. Does not let you use laptops in class to write notes. Tests are hard and super hard grader. Only three tests.
Cliffe is passionate about his subject, but his teaching is difficult to keep up with. I remember being overwhelmed with everything I had to print for an online course. The modules for this class are conjugated, and he has you take hand-written notes for, once again, an ONLINE course. He shoves about 3 to 8 20-40-minute lectures every week.
I admire Professor Cliff's passion and knowledge of the subject of Geology. However, he was not structured and did not plan the semester well which forced the class to do tons of extra work outside of class. Also, he was 10-15 min late every class. I would not recommend taking Prof. Cliff.
I have never graded a professor before, so this shows how frustrated I am with the class. Do not procrastinate with any of the assignments that he assigns to you. These assignments can not completed in one sitting. Most of the assignments took me over three hours to complete because the answers are nowhere to be found in the lectures. Many lectures
Great professor. The labs are a bit hard, but I managed. He gives plenty of extra credit. It was an overall great experience. I would definitely take Cliffe's class again.
Tim is a really nice and pretty funny guy. He is very knowledgeable and loves this subject, it's his life. But he teaches as if we should already know everything. His notes are very unorganized, his tests are hard, and he expects a lot for a 3 unit class. I wouldn't take him again, i barely passed the class.
Overall, he seems like a very good guy in person. He is very enthusiastic and absolutely hilarious. However, his teaching is rather confusing. I would not recommend anyone taking this class if you do not like math and are not majoring in the subject. It was very difficult to get help on the labs.
Meteorology is a tough class. You must pay attention and thoroughly understand the material. 3 Tests = Grade. He is a very sporadic and all over the place with his teaching. I do not recommend him. Hard class with a not so good teacher isn't a good combo. Tons of material, but provides everything you need to know. Essay question examples available.
A spaz, you have to sit through a 2.5 hour lecture before you can take a test or quiz. There is no extra credit which is a bummer. I don't recommend you take this class if you have a full course load this class requires alot of reading and studying.
****EN! but hard, final was cake
so boring. no need for text book. I couldnt stop falling asleep. talks about how the class will probably fail the next test. doesnt care about his appearance looks like he just got out of bed. good luck if u decide to take the class!
Another teacher who is going nowhere - will be at a JC the rest of his life, he is an awful person let alone an awful teacher. Go back to the hippie years, TIM!
Not very clear with questions asked by students. Not clear when talking.
He has a passion for the subject but I don't think that he knows how to teach.I went to class EVERY day and took awesome notes and I'm struggling for a "c".I am a 4.0 student so it's not because I'm a slacker,he's also very disrepectful and humi
Extremely difficult class. Even if you study and take perfect notes you can fail this class. He has no mercy on his students. He is very entertaining but his class is very high pace and extremely hard. Don't take geography with him.
funny but very unrealistic in what the student can learn, tests very difficult
not very clear, rushes through lectures, look for different teacher
This class wasn't hard! But it wasn't really helpful. We finished the semester memorizing vocabulary words that we didn't really use in class or any other place. We had a quiz for 20words every week. She becomes mean sometimes for no reason! She might make fun of your accent or other things, then after days she treaties you nicely!Easy pass through
can be mean
The class started out very easy, but each week got increasingly harder. Out of 35 people in the class, about 5 passed, and those were the ones who cheated. Don't take this class even if you are interested in Women's Literature, you will just fail and end up hating life and women.
I went to EVERY single lecture, and he didn't even teach everything that was on the department final. he told us not to buy a book and buy a graphing calculator instead, i think that was a mistake because you need something to study from because he skips a lot of the lecture notes you can print out ahead of time so not everything is explained to yo
HE IS SPEEDY GONZALES...HARD TESTS, HARD ON GRADING....MEAN MAN!!!!!!!!!!
Her class was ridiculous. She loaded you with unnecessary info that just confused you more. She never specified where in the textbook she was pulling information from either. There were A LOT of discrepancies between what she said and what the text books said. There isn't an equal grading scale amongst her TA's. AVOID THIS CLASS.
This professor has been nothing but cold to me. I enjoyed the subject matter, participated in class, scored well on exams, and yet every encounter with her has been awful. She answers questions briefly if at all and acts like I'm somehow insulting her. May/may not be personal, but it has been a frustrating semester thanks to her awful attitude.
wow i really dont understand any positive comments. this class is a waste of time. all we did was watched movies, and she tested us on material that wasnt even covered in class. avoid her if you can!
She clearly knows what she is talking about, but the 5 times she lectured all semester she didn't use PP slides or anything except rambling. The rest of the classes we watched movies- sounds good but terrible when it comes to tests. You have to attend, but it is pointless on movie days. Must read the book to pass tests. Pointless to take this class
All we did was watch movies. Maybe had two or three lectures. She just complained about furloughs when she could have been teaching. Must go to TA review sessions to do well on the tests. Must buy the book because most of the test is based off it. I would not recommend her.
She is a decent teacher but very lazy. She took off about 3 consecutive weeks of school with the new furlough system right before an exam. She never reviews for exams, no curve or scale either. And furlough days are mandatory attendance for you but not for her.
harder than i expected. she offers extra credit to make up for the difficulty. her lectures are extremely boring with zero visual aids. she makes you read an enormous amount and then tests you on it. Her tests ask you a question about one line in the book out of thousands which is absurd. i would recommend not taking her
Pretty tough class. Don't procrastinate on the big research paper because it will bite you in the ass if you put it off. The readings can get a little dense and you have to take pretty good notes in class. She is an ex-hippy and pretty liberal and some of her lectures get kinda philosophical.
Don't take Speckmann. Every class consists of her dictating notes and you franctically trying to copy them down. Also she doesn't grade anything, its all left to her incompetent T.A. Dave who seems to think a "C" is synonym for an "A". If youre forced to stick with her go make sure you go to class, DONT miss movie days, and do ALL extra credit
WAY TOO LIBERAL! She only presents one side of the politcal spectrum. Her first exam is ridiculous with questions from the syllubus asking what the authors are for books that are optional to read.
Let me start off by saying I am a straight A student. You wont be getting the full A in this class (96%). Speckmann is a complete hippy and if you have any bit of sense you wont be able to stand her talk. She tries to convert her students into little followers. Everything has a complete liberal bias and it got really dull. Easy to pass though.
I checked out this site for her and heard she was AMAZING....NOOOOOT...she does give extra credit opportunities, but her ethics are terrible...Very unprofessional by showing up to lecture in sweats all the time..students were far more dressed than she was...i got a 79.7 and still got the C..DOESNT ROUND UP...i was not impressed...tread carefully
she scares everyone in the beginning. so many ppl dropped the class. but only the first test is really that hard. after that they get easier, tests u can usually just ****. and the ta's grade really really easily on the essay parts.
take this class credit/no credit if you are taking other challenging courses, very time consuming, lots of books to read, 1 paper, 3 midterms, 10 page paper instead of final at the end to earn an A. disorganized and doesnt know how to spell. take someone else if you can
Speckmann pushes you and the grading system is very odd, but she's passionate about politics and related a lot of the studies back to each other. Thus, it all made sense in the end and you can see how it's interconnected. Also, Speckmann used to be the lead singer of a band! Oh....and she won't tell you, but she's Libertarian
A lot of work, but the work itself is not that hard. Professor is not very pleasant. Find another poli sci teacher if you can.
Unless your'e a poly sci major, I definitely recommend taking this class for credit/no credit. If you take it for a letter grade then she makes you do a lot more work than if you take it for credit/no credit.
Boring lectures and unbelievably complicated and disorganized syllabus. Easy class though if you won't go crazy from the disorganization.
way too much work for a 101 class, she is a freakin' nazi. she is nice and knows her stuff, but she expects way too much out of her students. her grading system sucks too. i do not recommend her. find an easier teacher, 101 classes should not be this hard.
Basically she had her T.A. Cyrus teach the majority of the class. He's funny and you'll actually be interested with him. The class is easy if you go-but there's loads of reading so if you don't need this class for a grade take credit/no credit. Believe me, you'll save yourself from plenty of late n
Lots of work, very unclear on exam material. Boring books. She is extremely liberal and biased. Lectures were boring. etc. etc. Avoid the class if you can.
To many assignments, she talkes too quiet and talked too much around the subject.
Boring class. Test are very hard. Papers are easy. Study a couple of weeks before the tests. TA is cool. Lots of extra credit. Easy B if you study and do well on papers.
She expects way too much out of students that aren't taking the class for premajor but only for general education. She is mean and very unapproachable.
must read 4 boring books, 10 page term paper, very vague
Kind of dry and somewhat intimidating. Tests are difficult because they test the most minute details of the course. GSI will largely determine your grade in this class. Much harder than it should be for a non-majors class. Don't take it if you haven't taken Biology recently because he doesn't really explain the basic concepts.
Adam's is a pompous man and a sub-par lecturer. The material is dry, and, on top of being stuck-up, Adams is also boring. This is a great class to take if you need an hour nap three days a week and some distribution credits as well.
The lectures were not too interesting. The most helpful part was going over the lectures with a GSI. For the most part it is easy as long as you go to lecture and take good notes. He provides powerpoints with the lecture, so it's more important to take notes on what he says. There are two term papers that will be due but they are not too difficult.
Main goal of the course is to give non-scientists a functional understanding of genetics - Adams does not teach science for non-scientists (letting students decide for themselves), rather, teaches his opinions as facts.
Easy Class after the Curve but he does not make it fantasticly interesting
Shazaaam.
interesting teach style...
"Pause. Pause." 'Nuff said.
He often goes off on tangents which makes the lesson hard to understand.
He assigns homework but doesn't grade it. During our final exam he said "5 minutes left" and more than half the class was still not done. Gets very worked up during class. Never cancel.
A very high energy teacher, but he moves too fast and does NOT answer questions. Very hard class and about half the people in my class made really bad grades or failed.
He's crazy. seriously. I didnt learn much. he lost my paper...didnt get a grade for spring quarter until august. The review of the papers before they are due is awesome. An easy class. He tries to pick on and embarass students. Hes not big on symbolism or in-depth lectures...he goes off of obscure topics, but it is an easy class.
I took this 411 class with Professor Lamb when it was about Mark Twain. The class had nothing to do with my major, but it was the best class I ever took at Purdue thanks to him.
Professor Feit is straightforward, and that's probably his biggest strength. But that doesn't make him a great professor. He is good at best, in that he reads from the McGraw-Hill slideshows and assigns tons of textbook readings. He also isn't great at listening to students, whether in class or when raising concerns about not-well lab instructors.
Makes you know first 18 chapters. Unless you've already read the material don't go to class. he doesn't explain well bc the bulk of studying is meant to be done out of class. Tests aren't that hard if you've completely memorized the textbook. I rewrote all 18 chapters and got an A. This class is very very hard by it's nature not bc of dr feit.
Mesora is key- he is boring as hell. Do not show up to class ever. If a monkey came to class to take your test he wouldnt notice.
dont show up
I had this teacher with prof pinkney for style and the arts. I hate how he lectures...he says "rite" every other word....classes were so boring..but i guess he was alrite
This was the worst class I ever had. The material he teaches is very boring and expects students to give 100% in the classroom. If you do not give 100% he yells at you like you were in highschool. He thinks this class is crucial for your education but its just a GER. He gives out alot of reading and its just a 200 level GER.
Pellegrini is a nice guy...he cares about the students, his class is really easy. His lectures are often confusing because his thoughts are scattered. Overall, take this class if you want a break and a little enjoyment.
ughh.. don't take class w/him if you can help it. His teaching style is thinking out loud so it is like hearing a persons random thoughts- highly unorganized although he does know his theater. However, he is difficult to learn from b/c you dont really know what to take notes on!
She will not respond to emails outside of class in a timely matter, the tests are mostly memorization of art vocabulary words, and the whole class is spent looking at art. We would have days we would discuss one singular piece of art and no one would participate except for me. She does not care if you are on your phone or if you leave during class.
Had her for a FYI-100 Renaissance my first semester. Very lecture heavy, had poor response times when it came to emails, making it even more difficult when you missed class. Put very little if no grades into Blackboard. Only had a couple big assignments and one final presentation throughout the semester. - P.S. Wasn't able to pick right course
I'm not sure how Prof. Markwell teaches in a classroom, but it is a nightmare when online due to COVID. His instructions are unclear and he spends class time focusing on the wrong things. We would have several papers to write and he would give us an entire lecture about font usage. He seems pretentious and brings politics into the classroom often.
Professor Markwell is an elitist who has absolutely no respect for his students. In discussion Markwell interrupts his students, often to just finish their thought for them. He grades paper on his own opinion on the topic, rather than how well the paper is written and if it fits the prompt. If you like basic respect, AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS.
I never knew what Markwell wanted out of students papers. Something was always wrong and its like you could never impress him. Also, when someone says something in class, he quickly talks over them and it makes you regret trying to talk. He is also just rude to students and the class drags. Also you do not need the textbooks he tells you to get.
Markwell is a funny guy, but he takes up class time unnecessarily. If there is time left over in class, he'll just fill up the time talking about something that isn't due for weeks. Gives lots of feedback on papers, but the feedback is not clear. I was never sure what his expectations are for papers. He's not bad, but I wouldn't take him again.
Professor Markwell is really funny in a completely sarcastic and sometimes condescending way. He is arrogant, but I really enjoyed listening to his lectures. There were no quizzes and he graded the essays with extreme lenience. If you're not a snarky liberal or don't have thick skin, you may not enjoy his lectures too much.
I took Markwell for 103 and 104, and was honestly disappointed in 104. He is a great professor but was lacking in clarity and energy this quarter. I still would recommend him though.
Markwell is unclear about most things-- assignments, grading criteria, etc. he is willing to meet with you one on one to discuss any questions you have, but communicating with him is one of the most frustrating encounters I've had at DePaul. He is not friendly or funny in a way that I appreciated. Overall I just found him very frustrating.
Professor Markwell was very unclear about most of the assignments and was unclear about what his expectations of us were
I'm a transfer student that had to take WRD 103 as a junior. I figured the class would be easy, and it was, but I fear for the freshman who come into this class and have to deal with an ill-prepared professor. He often loosely described the assignments in class and you could only guess what he would actually grade them on. Doesn't use D2L.
There is a distinct line between sarcasm and being condescending and obnoxious. Professor Markwell crosses that line on a fairly regular basis. If you enjoy learning concepts of argument that you should have been taught in middle and high school, then by all means take this class. Since I was transferring, I dropped this class. You should too.
Go to class everyday and do NOT get on his bad side! He picks favorites and is a wannabe actor who thinks his bad jokes amuse the class. Not an easy grader and grades with his moods. Made a rude comment to me about smelling like cigs. A**hole
very very obnoxious... kinda picks favorites...
This guy is great. The assignments were compelling and the papers were pretty hard. If you do the work, participate in class, and put lots the time into the papers, you will have no problems in this class. His lectures in class are very broad. He doesn't spoon-feed you concepts, nor does he hold your hand through the course. Fun guy. Good class.
He does not take attendance, and collects the homework during midterm and final.Midterm counts for 50% and final 50% of your grade.The teacher can do a better job explaining the material but if you do the homework and study guides(2) you will get a good grade. His test grading scale is sweet!
TERRIBLE! unless you've already taken this course avoid this professor at all costs.
I have this guy and he really isnt that bad, hes pretty boring but he goes over the material alot. I had a terribad pre calc teacher who didnt teach anything, and ive actually learned stuff with this guy.
1. This professor is WAY too smart for these lower level math courses. Should be teaching graduate classes. 2. If you STUDY, and work hard through the concepts, and understand them, you'll be alright. He is useless if u need help often, hes just too smart and expects u to understand things at his level. I think this feedback hes gotten is unfair.
He is more or less a philosophy professor teaching math. Makes things so complicated and has his own way of doing things. does not ask straight forward questions and is not helpful at all when it comes to reviewing. Our class actually started a petition against him. not a good teacher. take someone else
first of all.. he needs to retire. he goes off in rants of his own that no one knows what he is talking about and has nothing to do with the material at hand. always a sign in sheet that he hands out at the end of class, and hw everynight he collects before midterm and final. avoid him unless he's your final resort!
do NOT choose him as your teacher!!!
Not as bad as I expected. Passed the class by some Huge miracle because I had no clue what was going on, maybe I was just one of the lucky ones!
well.. he's not a good lecturer.. but i agree with the previous comment.. if u are willing to study from the book, then it's an EASY A (or b at least)..
he wasn't that bed, he was actually nice, and didn't care if you didn't come to class. he was not that bad. I got a B in the class
Horrible, absolutely horrible. Probably one of the worst, if not the worst, teacher I've ever had. Class was incredibly boring and tests were far harder than the material that he presented. Everything that I learned I taught myself. I'd strongly suggest not taking his class.
He's not a very good math teacher i'd say. He goes very slow. it tkaes him 30 min to answer 1 problem any teacher can do in 5 min and goes evry lil step.he has an easy gradign scale and only 2 tests but thats cuz he doesnt explain shti i nclass and expects u to do more work on your own by reading the whole book and doing mroep roblems then necessar
Moves very fast through material. He assumes you have alot of calc knowledge in the first few classes. But he does allow a cheet sheet for exams, and grading scale is very generous.
did not like to be asked questions
Very smart, but completely scattered and unable to explain something concisely. He will definitely take 40 minutes to solve one problem, going into all the things you don't need to know to understand the problem, but that he wants to tell you anyway. Messy.
If you know math well, you can take him, so you can sleep during the class, or just never go, b/c anyways he does not teach you anything, and does not take attendance. The tests are hard, and if he does not like you for some reason, you will not get an A
he's a very easy teacher as long as you do the homework. If you don't do the homework, the easy grading scale won't help you.
We are all adults here...if you can teach yourself to some degree then you should take his class. He is the easiest grader ever. I am not good at math and I did really well on all his tests because of how much he curves the grades. He is a nut case tho
Half of the assignments were graded by his TA and half by him so grading was all over the place. Lecture slides were full of text, multiple paragraphs per slide, went super fast, and nothing was put online so good luck getting any of the info. The biggest portion of your grade is a massive, quarter long group project, so hope you like that.
Ferrari is very passionate about psychology and makes lectures fun. IF YOU DON'T LIKE EXAMS, or you are a "bad test taker". DO NOT take him. You're entire grade is made up of only 3 exams. No projects, no papers, just exams. However, he lets you retake exams 1 and 2. His outlines for exams somewhat inaccurate, which annoyed me.
As long as you go and get the lecture notes you should be fine. He tries to make lots of jokes but is really bad at it, and he's kinda of an ass. The class is intersting though and he keeps your entertained.
I had this instructor for a summer class. We never referred to the book although you will see questions about the reading assignments on tests. The tests are curved and difficult. Go to class even though attendance is not required. He often rewards students for being there. If you have questions, he is not helpful or personable.
His TA lost my essay, and he accused me of not writing one at the exam- wasnt helpful in solving the missing essay problem, only assumed I didnt do it. Tests are full of questions that come from nowhere because he spends class telling stories and not talking about the material. funny stories though.
He's the reason I'm no longer a psychology major AND transferred out of DePaul. STAY AWAY!
I took the class to finish up my get ed bio credits and it was fine. But, beware Moulton has a bad attitude and overall seems kinda full of himself. I'd steer clear of emailing him. Otherwise, rly easy and quick class.
This is quite literally, a very easy class. Professor Moulton allowed notes on his exams so you should be able to pass his class. Also, there are only 7 assignments in the entire semester so if you missed one, good luck! Do your work and use Quizlet, you'll pass. SUPER EASY.
Wrote the textbook. Makes you buy the $99 software based on his own textbook to take assignments. The assignments are basically impossible to complete without quizlet since they take from specific numbers and species from the text.
His actual lectures can be a bit confusing, in my opinion. However, class almost always lets out early and the second day is reserved for video viewings (so, that's nice). But, all the answers for the online assignments - and even the exams - can just be googled! I just found a link with all the questions/answers and studied those and did fine.
i took both wis2040 and wis2552 both classes were pointless i learned nothing. you dnt even have to attend class. just find someone who took the class before you and get the answers from them ...but all exams on IN class now
Not the easy A everyone thinks if you skip class(I just made the A by one point). Its VERY EASY to get a B! I never went to class even for the movies and just got notes from other people. Also buy the software because I was cheap and used the one in his office but he and the TAs are very unreliable to be there when they say they are.
you only go to class for movies once a week.....online homework takes a while...if you want an easy B credit then for sure this is for you, easiest class ever. gotta study movie and hw questions for the 2 in class exams though.
Do not go to class; do not read the book; just memorize the topics. For the videos, you can find them on YouTube. And I'm almost positive that someone in your class has all the answers to the reading questions. If not, find them on Google in a zip file. This class isn't as easy as it once was online, but it is still an "Easy A"
not really sure what i did in this class.. but i did all the work, got b's on all the tests, and got an a! go to class on movie and test days, and do the software's practice tests over and over and over.
This class is supposed to be easy but this semester it was completely online. Save your time and money and bypass this class unless you like trying to remember useless details.
Easy class. You go once a week for an hour to basically watch animal planet. Write down the video and topic questions- the test is verbatim. Good class to take with friends (everything is online...group work). Moulton never actually came to class though and the software is annoying. Easy bio and international credit.
RECOMMENDED TO EVERYONE! It's almost absurd that the class is even offered. The professor is a total hippie. Don't have to go to class, shows movies once a week, his notes can be a bit messy. Type up his powerpoints and questions from the disc and you're guaranteed an A- if you know how to use your documents right.
Extremely easy class. Only have to go to class for movie days. The majority of the test questions are on the cd test banks, so just memorize those and you well be set for the tests. Ridiculously easy A. As for Moulton, pretty obnoxious but interesting at the same time.
I heard that this sem was harder than last sem. I never missed a class and took notes electronically to search thru them easily during the tests (which are online). Jumped around topics too much during lectures for my taste.
Got an A. Basically, what you do is: (1) Write down all of your answers from doing practice assessments AND SAVE THEM (YOU WILL NEED THEM). (2) Watch the movies. Tests are word-for-word, answer-for-answer from the CD Questions of the practice assessments. Moulton obviously loves his research. Readings are kind of boring but easy grade.
Dr. Fredricks thinks that he is God's gift to Education. He was rude and had a attitude that he was better than everyone else. Not a very likeable guy
It's a common misconception that you have to kiss Fredericks' ass... don't do it! I argued with him and did my own thing on the projects. Somehow he still really appeared to like me, not that that was pleasurable. Submit drafts until you understand what he wants, because the project guidelines are vague and his expectations are quite specific.
Fredericks was one of my worst professors. I do not understand how this man can teach people how to be a teacher, let alone develop any kind of good rapport with children. If I was a child working with him, I would probably cry. He is the worst model for a teacher I have ever encountered. He is difficult, mean, and thinks he is god's gift to life.
too many pointless projects. nothing suits him. keep up on your work because it will get very overwhelming. i do love how he reads to us each day. i get a great list of books out of that class and teaching social studies a few semesters ago.
very hard to understand, the only reason for my 4.0 average to go away. tests are very difficult often scaled, exams are 25% a piece x4... pulled an A+ in CHY121 with Stewart, stuggled to get a B in Pattersons 122 class attending every lecture, doing all practice quizzes, and studying. want a good challenge, take it haha
He is a very informative professor. He just does not make it easy for people to understand. To much weight on each exam, his quizzes only match up alittle with the actual test. He is unclear in class and in person. Messes up all the time on the board, and on the tests. Would not recommend him for the Summer, dont know how he is in the Fall. :(
Should not be still teaching. His only instruction tool is a piece of chalk. Too much of grade weight on each exam. His practice quizzes only partially match what is on the exam. Comes in late. I was turned away during office hours a few times even when no othere students were there. In to his work, but explains things poorly.
better if he stayed in research.. quite horrible in interacting with people..
Good professor. Many practice quizes to help for tests. Curt in person, though
He is a nice person but dreadfully boring... He rambles so much and makes awkward eye contact with students. It's difficult to stay awake in the class. Tests and papers are very difficult. His PowerPoints are all online but still confusing. I didn't like this class at all and i would recommend a different professor.
HATE HIM! HE'S TERRIBLE AND WILL RUIN MY GPA!
A LOT of uncomfortable eye contact. Extremely intelligent, however the class can get a little boring. However I think he does explain things well and he wants you to do good. Extra credit is available, weekly homework assignments are okay and as long as you do it you get credit for them. Multiple choice on tests is hard, STUDY and you will do fine.
One word: BORING.
Tests are ridiculously hard and lectures are unbelievably boring.
I wouldn't reccommend this prof. if you are the type of person who relies more on lecture material/notes and less on reading. He's a decent person but bad teacher; his style is unengaging and his notes are vague.
Awful. Please don't take this class. Super hard, never responds my e-mails, and I just regret to take this online course with her.
I don't like this teacher. She wants a lot of details like a half a page for one questions. Her projects were very long and hard.
Not the best CD teacher. Everything has to be EXTREMELY detailed for every assign, which she only made clear during 1 assign. Shes also very unprofessional with making her test. There was a ton of mistakes and then she would give you credit for a couple of them. She also tried to trick you with test questions to make you get the wrong answer.
So I liked this class. Wasnt super easy but I was able to keep up. I ended up with a C in the class. Which I was kinda okay with. Then in July when I finally looked on webadvisors for my grades it said F. I tried contacting the teacher all summer and all she said was, "There was nothing she could do about it." Thanks a whole lot. DONT TAKE HER!!!!
This class kind of blows. Its 90 percent three exams. You have to study a lot because it is strictly memorization. If you have a good memory you can get an A. If you dont you will get a 47. Start studying days in advance for her exams and do so a lot more than you think you have to.
Welker, is a great person. Very up beat and loves what she does. Her class on the other hand is not that easy. She uses powerpoint to teach, she talks a lot and sometimes is gets super confusing. Its a class you have to work for and study to get in the b range.
As a person, Barb is really nice. But as a teacher, she is my least favorite. She rants about monkeys the whole class and stories about her worldly travels. She says to take notes on the "bolded words" on powerpoints BUT EVERYTHING IS BOLD. Tests are 100 questions, way too specific for a 100 level class. I don't recommend this class...
Class was interesting at first but then got boring & hard to follow. Everyone brought laptops just to stay awake & have something to do in class. Powerpoints are unclear & mostly pictures, & she tells stories a lot. She's nice but the class is hard. The few short essays are easy & there is some ex. credit. The tests brought my grade down though.
She gave extra credit to people who were pledging and didn't offer it to the whole class. Completely not fair.
a prerequisite for this course is a PhD bc apparently she must think we all have one. always finds a reason to make a right answer wrong. throws a lot of material at you and wastes class time with group work that takes 5 mins but gives 30 mins to do. extremely long tests, all short answer.
SO RUDE and condescending. WORST professor I have ever had. Won't help because she's "too busy" and singles people out in class and makes them feel stupid for not knowing the answer. Takes about a month and a half to give back papers and gives little notice before papers are due. Worst part is her condescending attitude and behavior.
Unbelievably rude and condescending. The only professor in the department that I dislike. She assigns papers due next class, won't help on papers (she's too busy), and takes FOREVER to give back papers. She calls on people randomly and makes students feel inadequate and stupid for not knowing the answer. Talks often about how she is 'overeducated'
interesting class but she makes you do the chapter reading, take a quiz on it and *then* lectures what the chapter was... Makes sitting through class tedious since you just took a quiz on the information she's now giving you. Otherwise a fairly easy straight forward class.
Very difficult class, NOT a class to ever miss. Lectures are on powerpoints that are not posted online, and goes very fast. Tests are on the computer and have material from the book and not from the lecture, but are fair.
extemely hard professor, take someone else! tests are hard, need to be in class to do the work, tough grader on papers and exams
Bradford is a major creeper. He probably invites you over to his house more than he actually focuses on teaching you anything. His lectues are kinda scattered, and he will randomly bring up his deceased friends and seem very nonchalant about it. All in all, its a creepy class and you don't learn much. His opinions only matter. Take it elsewhere.
Comes off as kind of a weirdo (constant invites to his house...) Does seem to know his stuff, and his ideas are compelling if you have an open mind, but seems to care more about getting you to meditate more than teaching how to write a good paper... Lecture style boring and very repetitive. Easy grader IF YOU AGREE WITH HIS POSITION.
This class is very boring and Bradford has his own opionions and doens't really care what opinions you hold. Wouldn't suggest this teacher for this course.
Sayings of Buddha is a very easy class. By the end of the semester, you should have an A overall. However, he doesn't always explain himself. And when he does, the explanations themselves can be confusing. Don't expect to learn a lot about Buddhism, either. This class is the "Sayings of Bradford."
I should have dropped the class when I had the chance. Do not do it to yourself. Run don't walk from any class with him.
Horrible class. She's a hard teacher and grades even harder.
Good Teacher But says 1st half is easier I disagree I thought it got alot harder toward the end but you can do good you just have to stay on top of it all the time and not pull off last minute deals cuz you will do terrible its tougher than people say thats for sure sit up front to
Very hard class! I just got my semester grade...an F. The first I have ever gotten! I attended all classes and studied but still somehow managed to fail, I am in shock. It would appear, atleast in my case that it's true if you don't sit up front you will fail.
this is the 2nd class i've had with her and it doesnt get any better.she is such a brillant woman,but just expects her students to be at the same intellegence level as her,but usually are not.If you suck up..you'll get a great grade.expect to work your butt of for mediocre grades and smile for a "C"
must suck up! if she knows your name, you're gonna get a good grade. doesnt go out of her way to help anyone doing badly.
If you want to pass the class, sit up front and kiss a**. Is not at all helpful if you aren't one of her favorites.
He just wants to get the lab over with. He's pretty dgaf.
Joe Henry is quite possibly the most interesting, enjoyable, hilarious, and stressful instructors I've ever had. He is extremely strict about the expectations in the syllabus. Grade based on tests only so it may seem a little nerve racking. However, he seems to be impressed by effort in his class. If you have questions, go to him. He'll help you!
I thought this was a very hard class,the tests are hard and confusing, If you meet with him after each test he will help you as long as you try hard. I think he wants to see people succeed. The hardest class I have ever taken,(a bit stressful.
Prof. Henry started out as a cool, funny teacher. I found him to be of little help when I had a question during the labs, was explaining things like we were all idiots. He was gone the last two weeks prior to the final and did not instruct the sub to tell the class when the lab work was due, as a result 1/2 of the class will fail. Aviod if you can.
Joe Henry as an individual is fine. He's plesant to hear, and fun to crack jokes with. As a teacher he sincerely believes he's going to make you learn all the material ALL of it. If you're looking for bio 120 as a pre-req don't take his class. Exams are vague and the material is random. He does not give specifics to the material on his exams.
DSPS Students DO NOT TAKE HIM.He will label you and give you an F no matter what. He will put you down and will not help you. WARNING:he will label you.If you dont get on a side he likes then your toast in his class. He doesnt grade on your preformance in class its if he likes you or not. Bad Teacher, Hard Class. Take class at your own risk.
Liked his lectures-he sucks in lab-not helpful and disappears. Exams are REALLY tough(like half the class fails)and found out too late that if you take the test to him afterwards he'll bump your score! So I'm sweatin' it and am bummed-with all I learned I might not pass even. Frustration! I don't reccommend him, atleast for 6 week course.
Tests had nothing to do with lectures which were pointless to attend. He made creepy coments about women and made several references to killing animals. Not very funny but I guess if your humor is sick then you will enjoy taking his class.
hes a cool guy. but he sucks. don't take him. tests are crazy hard and arent based on the lectures. only way to get a passing grade in this class is to read every single page of the textbook and honestly who is going to do that. has "secret" things that he does that help you raise your grade. but you need to find out by word of mouth. dont take him
I am a straight A student, and I felt his tests were very difficult. I have talked to alot of friends in the past 2 yrs, and they all say the same thing "****." I am suprised that the school has not been sued for his sexual comments. There is nothing worse than a 65 yr old man flirting with girl. I want to vomit everytime I think about it.
Don't get me wrong, he's a funny guy! but the man goes of the subject more than he is on it!!! geez..the notes, lecture, and sections to read in the book..barely helps with the test! my suggestion if your going to take him, sit up-front, take notes, disregard discussion that relates to his personal experience, and show up everyday! GOOD LUCK.
Nice teacher. However, this man needs to retire early. All he does is complain about the west coast, yet he continues to still live here. His lectures are vague and he acts like he doesn't want to be there. The test are very hard and he will completely abandon the class during lab. A majority of my class practically failed. Time to retire.
Very hard class. Some of his test questions are designed to trick students. You could study hard and still do poorly on exams. Find someone who has taken his class before and get their old tests - most test questions are the same from previous semesters
If you kiss his ass, you'll get an A. His exams are that of graduate level, NOT for an intro class. If you only take his class during the term, you'll pass. But make sure you like studing more than sleeping, eating, etc..
His tests have nothing to do with the lecture so make sure you look at old tests
Oh do I hate these kinds of professors. There are only 2 tests, a book review, and a movie response. Then there are the chapters upon chapters he wants you to read for no point at all. Just lectures, and tests are create your own questions and answer them. Ridiculous grader and offers no feedback. Doesn't answer questions well.
His classes are lecture based. There are quizzes every Monday on the chapter readings and they very specific and he expects you to take them in under 2 minutes. IDK about most but that is not enough time for me. He is super intelligent and is a funny and nice guy, but is a very hard grader. If you have no previous knowledge in the subject avoid.
An ok class, but he really does grade very hard. It is annoying that he uses his own textbooks and quotes himself all the time. He doesn't like to be argued with and gives poor grades if you can't "fully back up your argument"--so basically if you don't have a PhD like he does.
ahhh. My worst class so far. The class was extremely boring; it was all lecture all the time. Prof. Plantinga always seemed arrogant. And in general, the class subject was difficult, so that didn't help. I didn't feel comfortable asking for help.. He was very knowledgeable though.
I don't get any help from this professor. He doesn't understand students who doesn't have any background of Christian, and he doesn't want to help 2nd English speakers.
If you didn't go to a private school, don't expect to understand ANYTHING in his class.
I would not recommend Prof. Plantinga. His class was without a doubt the worst experience I have had at Calvin. He is extremely intelligent and passionate but seems to forget that we do not all share his passion. He is unwilling to help in any sort of constructive manner if you get behind in class.
I think that it's really sad that Professor Plantinga misses the point of theology by being condescending and distant. Through these attributes, he misses the opportunity to spark students'interest in the roots of their faith.
He is really funny and class is usually not boring. The material is difficult if you are coming into the class with only basic chemistry. I think it is a lot easier for those who had AP chem. Sometimes I feel like he is just doing the problems himself instead of teaching the class how to do them. In my opinion the class is hard but not impossible
Great guy, not a great teacher. He likes to help, but his "clarity" is the worst. His tests cover nothing from his notes or from in class problems. E.g. some of his tests have random physics problems on them. Sure the guy makes you laugh and offers help, but this is a teach yourself class.
good prof, very nice. slept through his class- boring lectures. A lot of info is crammed in, be sure to take this class along/before Bio141, it helps
The class had potential to be interesting but Professor Sawyer was unorganized and unclear. We didn't learn much until the day before an exam. Readings were long and unnecessary. I didn't learn much that was useful.
American Music... The homework can be somewhat ridiculous, and she is EXTREMELY scatterbrained. Good person, but her teaching skills could use refinement.
In class Clark is fine & generally funny, but outside of class he doesnt seem to care. And if you challenge his beliefs he'll grade you unfairly. He told me Iwas going to hell because of my beliefs, called me irritating because of my questions & called me disgruntled because I wanted to see my final exam. If you participate but dont speak..go ahead
Material is hard to understand and professor can be very boring. Sometimes he'll throw a joke or two into his lectures, but most of the time I want to fall asleep in class. Only two tests, one paper, and exam. Tests aren't so bad but expect to work hard for a good grade.
A very unreasonable professor. hard material and in my opinion not a fair grader.
very boring and tough
Lecture style is hard to follow and unstructured. Review for test is straightforward and makes tests pretty easy. - Overall, average to easy class, but it is confusing to follow during lectures.
Whitekettle is a good story teller but every class is him talking for the entire time. Raising your hand is taboo and he won't call on you if you do. He doesn't take attendance so it's easy to slack off. Tests are essay only and he doesn't give any review just a "know everything" assumption. Grading is very specific. Good and funny guy but bad prof
One of the worst professors I've had. This was an introductory course, and he graded all his tests way too hard. He expects you to write 100 percent of your notes down on the test, and will still not give you full credit. He's a bit rude too, unessesarily yelled at a student during the middle of class.
Very good and sweet man, but does not believe that Christianity is anymore valid than any other religion. Grades only a few times and expects you to literally write everything. Don't ever miss class. He doesn't teach out the book and is very unhelpful.
very boring very monotonous. 2 papers, 2 tests. pretty easy grader. i thought the class was going to deal with plays, but its 100% poetry. i would NOT take him unless you absolutely have to, esp if you fall asleep in class easily.
Nice guy, so I feel kinda of bad for him but he is soooooooo boring. Has a dry sense of humor that pops up once in a thousand years. Also a VERY monotonous voice. Easy enough and pretty flexible but again, very very boring. I can't stress it enough.
Intro to Poetry. He's a bad teacher. The poetry is good (albeit predictable) but all he does is drone on about every line. He makes something so vibrant and creative (poetry)seem boring and technical. Very easy though. B+/A- if u go.
Kendrick is a sweet man, an easy grader, but extremely boring. What's worse is that you have to show up for class bc he has these pop quizzes every so often. An easy A, though.
Very, very, VERY boring... not a very interesting topic to begin with, and Kendrick is a pretty poor lecturer. He knows his stuff, but he has trouble engaging the classand speaks very queitly. Assignments are OK, some pop quizzes and 2 papers. Fair grader
Professor Caughie has a very kind and considerate disposition, which can unfortunately lull you into an extremely false sense of security. If your GPA does not suffer; your sanity certainly will. I took her Critical Theory class as a major requirement. The readings and lectures were beyond dense. Like trying to pierce concrete with a butter knife
It is well-documented that this instructor favors certain students over others, gossips about some students with other students, and cannot stand to be challenged on ANY point whatsoever. She has published the same book for years, it seems. You would do well to avoid her classes and avoid receiving academic advising from her at all costs.
In the same class as the last two and I thought she was pretty bad... At least in 307. There were some good readings, I'll say that. But smart or not, I thought she was arrogant and rude to those who disagreed with her. I think the rewrites are to make the papers work for her, not fix a bad one. She "teaches," but do I like how or her? Not really.
Really bad professor. Theory heavy and it's her way or the highway. She flaunted a criticism written about her stating she "indoctrinates, not educates." 100% accurate. I found her REALLY condescending, even though she let people talk -- especially when she explained "how to write a paper" each time she assigned one. Interesting topics, bad prof.
Doesn't like you if you are not in Womens Studies. Requires way too much reading. Grades are fair, but she plays favorites and her lectures are unclear and an unorganized. Class was boring and felt like a waste of time.
He is the hardest grader i have ever seen. If writing isnt your strongest suit, do NOT take this class.
I am a senior taking a 200 level english class for a writing intensive. I enjoy a challenge but this is incredibly nit-picky. I had another professor go over my paper and tell me I would receive a 90, and I received a 70 from Biester. I am not an English major, it is incredibly strict grading for an open class.
Extremely hard grader. Most negative criticism I've ever received back on a paper. I major in Journalism and excel at writing but never got anything higher than a C on all 3 papers. He is very specific for what he wants you to interpret out of the poetry discussed in class. If you interpret poetry differently than him, your grades will be bad.
This was the first writing intensive class I had ever taken with exams on top of papers. He expects you to memorize act and scene numbers for particular Shakespeare passages for the midterm and the final. He's also a tough grader when it comes to papers(which makes sense). I wouldn't take him again, he treats everyone like an English major.
Biester is incredibly talented in the study of Shakespeare and the Renaissance. He's not really a people person and he doesn't communicate with people well. The class was writing intensive which was difficult, but his grading was too strict and unnecessarily so. He also isn't readily available for students. If you love the content, take him.
not exactly the epitome of masculine beauty, but a fair prof all and all. He is difficult to get in touch with, but he'll keep you posted on the important stuff.
He's nice and all, but it takes him forever to respond to e-mails (when he does respond). And could it take him any longer to grade assignments and tests?
Grades papers hard; fell asleep oftenProf. Beister is a good teacher, however he is not helpful or makes any effort in relating to students
he's a nice, intelligent guy - but boring. his attendance policy is somewhat strict and he likes unannounced quizzes. not impressed.
Id rather watch paint dry than attend this class. She is nice, but is a space cadet and doesnt explain things well. I think she might be blind, because i think she thinks were actually from mexico because she expects so much. I could probably get a B, but ill take my C, she sucks
Doesn't take the time out to explain things and expects way too much from students. You attend class to learn where as she expects you to attend class knowing top notch spanish.
Takes pleasure in calling you out in class..the executioner!!
took her for support group strategies. she is smart, but put bluntly, an insulting ****. she may have good intentions, but good intentions are the mothers of all ****ups. it dont matter if you talk to her or try to work your ass off in her class, if she dont like you, you're screwed. if you take her, i recommend HEAVY brown nosing. RUN LIKE HELL!!
I took drugs in modern society, well that was the class title. But I learned how to chew my food and hear the same spiel I got in my 6th grade gym class... well, with the limit I have I can not exress my distaste for this woman.
mandatory class and it feels that way the whole semester, forceful learning.not fun. although teacher is very nice, topic is just a snooooze
She is a nice lady, very crazy at times but very nice, very unclear at times.
she is crazy
easy class--but she's a bit crazy. Very scattered--and is somewhat disrespectful to others beliefs--she likes to hear herself talk.
She's a nice person, but she changes her mind on what she excepts on assignments all the time.
sort of an okay class
He team taught 305, was hardly there and when he was wouldn't stay the whole class. He's a hard grader and doesn't seem to like being in the class room. He was interesting on our fieldtrips.
Uncaring and unwilling to work with his students.
She is not one to give you a break if you are falling behind. She accepts you to spend every waking moment studying spanish so if you have a job forget it
Loewensen is so mean and unfriendly. The people who say she's a good teacher must insane!
Marc is an interesting lecturer, but he needs to focus on the content more and talk less about his experiences. Furthermore, it would be great if the assessments were based more on our learning rather than memorization, because of this I don't feel like I have learned much from this course.
I was so excited to learn about Jazz before, but I'm starting to dislike it. Seales is very experienced, but if you were looking for fun and exciting, this place isn't it. The course makes jazz a dry subject. Read the textbook. That is the best advice I can give. You know a test is bad when the smartest kid in class asks if the test is curved.
Knows his stuff, but is really arrogant and a huge ****.
This guy really killed me the first time I met him - I thought he was even going to hit me at one point. Then he asked me into his classes. Stick with it and it will pay off.
Very easy grader, but bad online teacher. his lectures are great but he makes you buy two textbooks, one of them his own that he wrote that is not offered as an ebook and is $100. oh, and his book is a spiral notebook. homework consists of weekly discussion posts, one paper, two concert reports, and three midterms, all are easy with lenient grades
music 131 is a very easy class, but Collier barely taught anything. He released ALL 10 weeks of lessons before the quarter even started and rarely sent anything structural. He had his syllabus on canvas in five different places, and only one of the syllabus was accurate. If you like classes with zero structure and zero communication then take this
There's no doubt that he's an expert in his field, but his lectures are boring and he often goes off on irrelevant tangents. Don't buy the textbook if you plan on attending class; your best bet is to show up, listen, and read the course manual (or take notes in class if you can write really fast). The textbooks are $100 EACH!
He's a 300 level music theory professor so the history of jazz class was more music concepts than history. decent lectures and did learn a lot though, just not what I expected. Tests are every memorization heavy and expect to know more than just the songs' titles and artists.
this is not an easy class. take history of jazz with a different professor not with tom collier. he is a very nice man but the tests are hard and if you get 88%, you get a 3.3, which is very low for a music class. avoid taking this class
Maybe it's that I took this class summer quarter, but this class was NOT easy, and I have a 3.83 average. Way too much stuff to remember for the exams, and unrealistic expectations. For the exams we had to know almost 30 songs (it's jazz, so there's no lyrics) and then he would only pick out 3 and have us identify them for the tests. Impossible!
He doesn't teach the class to prepare you for the exams. He teaches the class to prepare you for graduate level math. This is not an easy class by any means and in fact he makes it difficult by including these difficult concepts. "The class GPA was 2.49. The class GPA for the last MAP 2302 section I taught (Fall 2016) was 2.32" (from his webpage)
Took the 6000-level differential geometry class (MTG 6256) in Fall 2005. He used the book "Elementary Differential Geometry" by Barrett O'Neill. This is a 6000-level GRADUATE class! His exams were difficult as hell! How does he expect students to learn from an undergrad textbook and answer questions at advanced graduate level?
Very intelligent, but doesn't communicate well. Harsh grader. Do yourself a favor and take someone else.
For his online class, it took a lot of work to understand the proofs and the logic behind them. Although he is very caring in his attitude, there is a lot to learn in this class. The quizzes and exams are weighed very heavily but at least they came from similar homework problems.
Nice guy but did not like his teaching. the only grades in the class are quizzes and exams, and on the exams he gives practically NO partial credit. This made it really difficult for me to get an A because everytime I got a problem wrong, it was minus 8 or 10 pts. (each problem was worth 10 pts). Class was very slow and usually boring
Got an A overall in the class, DO ALL THE EXTRA CREDIT!!!!. I got a 76 on my first midterm and a 56 on my second, she said i got a total of 70 points in extra credit, also make sure to get 22+/25 on the papers. email her and go to office hours to show that you care. I DID NOT DO ANY READINGS AT ALLL! only book you will need is blue book!
This professor needs to retire ASAP. Her lectures are boring and dreadful. Ridiculous amount of reading and she doesnt even go over the paper about a book that is not relevant to the class material. If you are really into politics you might find her rants quite interesting, otherwise try a different professor.
her lectures are boring there is too much reading and she shows tons of movies. the study guides are long and then the tests are hard and impossible to pass unless you mesmorize every word and love political science. do the extra credit and do good on paper it will boost grade.OL
This is the worst teacher I ever had. She almost made me drop poli sci as my major. If it is possible avoid this woman!
i hate political science to start, but this class was sooo boring. Julie is really nice and wants so badly for you to be interested in what she is teaching, but no one is. Most things she talks about in class aren't on the test. the reader is the test..its your key
she is crazy.she is very liberal and anti bush. so if you are pro iraq and pro bush. do not take this class with julie because she will just aggrivate you. i would have gotten a better grade if i do extra credit so do it. i only went to classes the week before a midterm or final. all you need to know is in the blue reader. easy class but way lame.
Don't listen to everyone else. I took her as a last resort after reading the ratings on her. But the class wasn't bad, the videos are very interesting and she is actually very nice and understanding. Just study what's on the study guide and you will do fine. I barely studied and got a B+
not clear about test material
this was the worst class i've ever taken. i wanted to shoot myself everytime i went to class because of her mumbling voice rambling about how young people are such bad citizens. if i wanted to be lectured about my morals, i would have gone to church.
This lady is crazy. She babbles on and on about retarded stuff and says "um" everyother word. I get headaches when i go to class to listen to her so i hardly ever go. Still easy to get a B.
The class is very easy. I only attended lecture four times the whole semester and got a c and I didnt even do the extra credit. She gives you the study guides, required reading, and topic of the paper in the beginning of the semester. There is really no need to go to lecture if you do the reading.
no need to go to class as long as you follow the study guides for the tests. She gives extra credit and has a lively personality.
This is the worse teacher i have ever had in my entire life. I failed the class, and now i have to take it over. test are rediculouly hard. The clas is completley nclear as to what she wants you to do, and the class was based on what she beleived in. DONT TAKE IT!!!!!!!
if you can avoid her do it!
Asking a question to clarify anything doesnt really help because she answers with a question, makes you think. She is very intelligent but plays a lot of videos so dont take class in morning if you have trouble staying awake. class helps, but reading is the only way to pull a decent grade.
This professor is annoying and boring and I really don't like her. The tests are super hard and you have to read. If you read you don't really need to go to class. I wouldn't recommend her.
Hard to hear. the class before always got out late and she started early, i never was close enough to hear what she said. Too many videos, unclear on what will be tested. Make nice and she will bump you up if borderline.
Crazy liberal and biased. Hostile when you ask questions. Interesting course material but she furthers the stereotype of liberal-ass political science professors.
If you do the extra credit you should get a good grade, even if you find the tests impossible.
Seems to care if you are involved in politics, but doesnt care if you pass the class. Lecture is not on tests (barely). Exams are vague-even if you studied, especially the multiple choice. Tests on minutia not knowledge/understanding.
tests are impossible to study for--expects you to know way to much material off the top of your head. lot's of reading and frusterating when you get the tests back
SHE IS SO HARD, I MEAN JUST HARD, I DROPED THAT CLASS.
crazy!Hot pink lipstick,ugly little curls in her hair,talks real low then all of a sudden yells "Its political"!Do the extra credit..get an A
Don't take her. She's crazy. The test are hard and there is way too much reading. Your supposed to buy about five or more books.
Hard class, do need to go the info in class will not be on the tests. Take some one else
tests r harder than it should be; lectures dont help; only hope is ex. credit.
she gets frustrated easily if the class doesn't respond, intimidates students
lots of pressure to do well, grade depends on 2 tests. Funny lady
RUN; DON"T TAKE HER IF YOU want to live; lady is from another planet
boring, likes to tell you how great she is
scarey lady, dropped class ASAP
He is the most unorganized professor I have ever had. He will assign a paper and tell you that he will give details later, but they never come. He will give reviews out and then realize he left information out and not give the new review to everyone. He will be late to class, but get mad when a student is late. He will miss scheduled appointments.
He is a very nice guy, but you never know what to expect in his class.
Very intelligent, but also very frustrating teacher because he doesn't stick to the syllabus. I hated how he never talked about the assignments or bothered to collect them. I have no idea how I got the grade that I did since I don't even know what was graded! And his test always had many mistakes!
Skipped around in class a lot, it was hard to tell what he was talking about at any given time. He also is not very understanding of emergency situations.
This guy thought he was really something after a stint at Notre Dame before coming to Valpo. After his first day, and 45 minutes of sweat dripping off his nose on to his notes, he started walking around campus wearing sweater vest like he was jim tressel. I made him look stupid in core, he never forgot and screwed me senior year with a "C".
he knows his stuff and he is smart as hell. but, i think he overanalyzes a lot of the things that we read in books such as machiavelli and locke, where what both political theorists proposed were just meant to be understood, agreed with and followed and prof. old and other political analysists or teahcers, overanalyze what has already been analyzed
He is very understanding and flexible. However, he teaches his own views as facts and if you dont agree, you wont do as well on exams and therefore get bad grades. You definitely must read the texts in order to do well, but doing so doesnt guarantee that you will do well in the class.
She's nice (I'll give her that) but she is soooooo annoying! Am I the only one who thinks this? She just goes off the subject randomly and talks to herself. She also moves her head around alot which really bothers me.
good person, decent teacher, kinda sexy
Prof. Killen was not a very good professor at all. While giving everyone an A in the class she also made very simple things way too complicated and was often very jumbled and erratic in lectures. Exams were take home which was definitely a plus.
You don't even have to show up to lectures to get an A on the exam. And why would you when they're so boring? Readings are many, but they aren't necessary either, as exams are open book. Basically just do the online portion of the exams, show up for the in-person portion of the exams, do the couple other assignments, easy A.
Easy class, but beware. Most boring lecture I have ever sat through, no supplementary material provided during the lecture, tests are heavy on oral given info from lecture, exam process is ridiculous and stupid to say the least. If you want an easy A, go for this class, but you'll have to pay with the absurdities and annoyances.
I have to agree! An easy A, but she's so unorganized and off the wall. Just smile & nod, you'll get by fine with her.
If you are NOT an art major DO NOT take her class. She expects you to know some stuff already just because you are in that field. She also expects everything to be perfect.
you have to pay good attention at all times!! and take good notes she is really picky on her tests and a hard grader..
Not the easiest. She loves detail way to much she marks down if you don't describe everything down to the smallest thing for her on tests. O some tests she didn't even write comments to say what I did weing but she still managed to subtract points.
Very knowledgeable, but the test are unreasonable. If your an art major, maybe you'll pass, but if you want to take a class to emjoy art this class is not for you. SOOOO much to remember, who, what where, when, why, how (color, type of painting, style) for who, why was it importent, how did it influence later art, each test cover 40ish works of art
I find her lectures really interesting. But she is extremely unreasonable when it comes to the tests. If you don'r spit back what she gave you word for word, she'll fail you. (Ex: She gave me a 30% on the first test and I attended all classes and already have a minor in art history.) I would never sign up with another class with her.
Her tests are extremely hard and terms MUST be used to get a good grade. Very art major oriented and using words not associated with art on tests result in bad grades. Its all tests and a final.A little stuck up and high and mighty
Bad. She doesn't make an interesting topic exciting to learn. The tests are very easy, but her prep. isn't clear or very helpful.
Very very very difficult. He knows his stuff but he isn't the best at teaching it. He is more akin to an excellent performer but maybe a not so great a teacher.
In terms of actually teaching the class, he's a good teacher. However, his personality is what puts this class out of balance. Just go to class, play, then leave. He doesn't reply to emails and isn't willing to help unless he gets something in return. But if you're just looking to play, just stay on his good side and don't worry about anything else
Very unprofessional.
Shady.
Hmmm.....just a bit out there. After one of his 20 minute rants that somehow ends up on a completely different subject from the one with which he started, I sit there and think: is this band or psychology?
I took HUM5 online during fall 2020. Prof. Terry changed his requirements for discussion board posts listed in his syllabus halfway through the semester, marking down grades. He does not offer lots of help. Directions on assignments need clarification. Super reading heavy, but if you do the reading and watch the films, you will pass the class.
Came recommended from a coworker. All I can give him is, my classmates and I passed the class. It's an easy class as long as you do the readings. But he was disorganized, his sarcasm doesn't translate well online, instructions weren't always clear, and class will be a nightmare if you disagree with the textbook or films.
She is interesting...but what her lectures does not to pass the class. She does not give study guild or anything like that. The quiz are from the text, but they are timed and very hard. Her exams are also hard. You have to read the books and educate yourself. All you do in the class is watching movies and talking.
Very hard class. You have to be incredibly self-motivated and constant on Canvas and the distance learning videos if you want to keep up. She does not give homework, offer study guides for exams, extra credit, or cover much of the textbook (but your exams are based off the text). If you're taking 3-6 credits, this class is passable with a B or A.
I learned a lot, but this class was frustrating. It seems as though she has too much of a work load or something; she would forget to give important details on assignments, and she even forgot to give our midterm. I got a D through my own unpreparedness, but the class was definitely thought provoking.
Is nice and interesting...but what the heck? Her lectures are not helpful for you to pass the class. Doesn't give study guides because she doesn't "believe" in them. This sucks b/c tests are all from the book (and they are terrible tests btw.) She also grades attendance and makes you do exercises irrelevant to the tests. Class feels unorganized.
Interesting but Very hard class!
Informed in what she teaches but is a completely mean, spiteful person. I wouldn't EVER take a class again with her if my life depended on it.
nothing more than a gray haired **** intimidating the crap out of her students;don't take
This class is pretty hard. I thought that I was going to have to drop the class but I ended up pretty well off with a B. The tests are pretty hard (essay) but a good few nights of studying will get you to know the material really well. Daily quizzes in classes are taken that are used for attendance. Pay attention and you'll be fine!
Tests are very hard.
Most boring lecture i have ever attended. Notes are online, yet they are simple and she extends on them in class. 2 point quizzes each class for attendence pts, i suggest finding a friend and splitting classes up and taking them for eachother. Tests are really hard all short answer and essay....Not fun at all
If you like philosophy this class is for you. But, if your like me and not really into philosophy this class sucks. Some of the ideas are interesting, but expect to memorize the ideas behind a bunch of different philosophers and then argue their point of view. The test are fill in the blank, short answer, and essay. Attend class & cram before test
You don't really have to read, thought its good to know the main ideas of the readings. GO TO CLASS, use the powerpoint notes as your main study tool.
Very arrogant, but easy to ignore. Easy A.
The lectures are long and slammed with information. It's hard to follow because so much information is packed into the lecture. The tests don't correlate with the study guides he gives out. He is hard to contact as he has no blackboard and didn't give out his email or phone number at the beginning of the semester. Hard class.
Best avoided
I took this class 4 years ago, and I remember it being one of the worst classes of my life. All Clark does is barrel through the material, and it doesn't seem to matter to him if you are actually learning. Plus, he is extremely inaccessible.
I got my degree in English at OU 18 yrs. ago.Sounds like he hasn't changed a bit-what a memorable character! Back then, as now, he was rude,made people cry,locked out latecomers,was arrogant,ugly,hissed at you with spit globules hanging on his lip- but I did learn a lot! You had to read the Shakespeare or you would fail, which was a good tactic.
Roth is an horrible excuse for a professor. He needs try a new teaching approach before he kills a student or has a heart attack over "Tradegy." Wrong.
He was extremely boring and had the tendency to lecture out of the textbook. He and his TA graded our (all-essay) tests rather randomly.
Dr. Carroll was kinda bitter and rude in lectures, and had very poor communication with lab TAs so everything was posted last minute with very unclear expectations. I got nothing from lectures and only rewatch them a day or two before exams for the highlights. Not a difficult class just very frustrating and unenjoyable.
Just save yourself some time and dont take him.
If you haven't taken statistics at all, prepare yourself for this class. Carroll barely teaches the math, spending most the time on how it applies in real life. Which would be fine except the tests were all math. The tests have few questions, and very complicated. You also have to write a research paper by the end for a big percent of your grade.
This class was a lot more demanding than many of my other pre-med courses. DO NOT TAKE!!!!!!
I found this class to be difficult because he goes through the material very quickly. There is an overwhelming amount of reading and he is very intentional in the way that he tested us. I would not recommend taking this class. It is a lot of work and a lot of frustration.
He is definitely an expert in his field but a lot of it just went over my head. Also, he makes at least one sex joke per class. To pass the tests you have to read all of the book. Even the captions under the pictures and the sections of the chapter that you would think would be irrelevant. Study all the experiments.
He is quite possibly the worst teacher I've ever had. He is clearly a brilliant man, but not meant to be a teacher. He is definitely nice but it's almost impossible to comprehend what he's talking about.
Very challenging course. Tests are long and lectures are hard to follow. Wish I would have tried harder and went to office hours but regardless, a very challenging class if accounting is not your thing.
This class was really challenging for most. I am a good student, missed only two classes and I could only finish the first exam. Only a small portion of the class was able to finish the second and third exam. She does not work problems out by hand and only flips through power points or does problems on the computer which are hard to follow.
She doesn't really teach but she gives you a lot of information for you to take home and do it on your own time. The book was very useful and if you don't like going to class you are very well off to just read the book and you'll be fine. Do the practice wileys before the test because they help A LOT!!!!
DRY. So dry. Like I read on here before: she doesn't teach as much as just give you the information to learn. Not a good professor.
She basically gives you the information and it's your responsibility to learn it. She did not teach me, I taught myself for this class. The labs were so helpful..the only reason I understood anything is because I went to the labs. She does curve sometimes which is good but she does not explain anything just gives out the information basically
Easy class. Leslie loves dressing as if she is going to be teaching a kindergarten class. She can be a bi*ch but what do you expect from somebody so boring. SHe is actually a god teacher. Take the lab and the only notes you need to take in class are when she types on the excel sheet.
I would not recommend her. She rushes through her lectures as if the students already know the material. The material is not very difficult, but she makes it a lot more difficult than it should be.
I will never ever recomand her above Rochman. The class is very AS LONG AS you go to the class everyday. But she makes the class difficult to understand.
Not a very good teacher. She can be confusing sometimes, and doesn't give a whole lot of help.
The subject just sucked too much. Noone can make accounting fun.
She's a **** and extremely confusing.
Completely callous. Doesn't care about her students, just makes sure that she gets the proper bell curve when assigning grades.
HORRIBLE
B-R-U-T-A-L
cohen is a stern instructor, with a negative attitude and her lectures don't always correspond to the tests.
Out of touch with students. Poor class preparation. Don't expect test to reflect what you studied. Plan your schedule to avoid him.
Does not give feedback on papers except to say wrong or nothing at all. He is easy on the eyes, but that's about it.
apparently he was cool until he gave up smoking cigarettes... now he is a mean man who thinks he's always right. There is never really discussion in his classes, because HE can never be wrong.
Needs to get over himself!
Major case of ADD......about as clear as coffee
Took Social psych. While I know Adams is very well liked I found his expectations VERY unclear and his test questions trying to trick you. He is a very hard grader and it's very hard to succeed in a class when you don't understand what he expects of you.
this class was not structured enough for me. i did not think that it covered the math criteria that should have been necessary. i thought there were poor teaching skills and not enough interaction between the students and professor adams.
Overdoes his points!!! Very arrogant.
knows what he's talking about, but is sort of arrogant... he's hot but he KNOWS he's hot
Ferdinand is a unique guy, you need to know how to get yourself a good grade because it wont come naturally. Go to his office for extra help and act like you really care about french, he'll eat that right up and you'll become his favorite student. He is a frustrating man and not easy to communicate with, but get on his good side and you'll survive.
ferdinand is a great guy, he just has his own agenda. he is definitely a dictator in the classroom. he loves to hear his own voice and to pass all you have to do is regurgitate exactly what he's said to you in class. could be a good prof, but isn't
Nice, funny guy; not such a great teacher. I learned nothing from him in my conversation class.
The only reason I got through his class was because I knew most of the material beforehand. He pretty much wants things done his way all the time. He doesn't speak or understand english very well yet expects the students not to make mistakes when speaking french even though he has been speaking "english" for quite a few years. Avoid if you can!!
Absolutely my least favorite professor at St Mikes. Without a doubt, he is very smart and really knows his area of expertise, but he speaks in a monotone condescending voice and often brushes off student comments. Timed quizzes were unreasonably hard and when our class voiced our difficulties he promised to "take a look" but never did a thing.
Niemi is very opinionated and very liberal. Not afraid to bash conservatives at any time, even if unrelated to course material. The american studies class, though, I thought was great. He always had us focus on relevant topics and there weren't many assignments for the semester. He's kind of annoying but he's very knowledgable.
Very intelligent man but his teaching style makes for a very boring class. He loves to talk about existentialism and relate it to EVERYTHING. The class is the same every day - reread and discuss the reading from the previous night. If you talk occasionally and do well on your papers, you'll probably get an A.
When I attended SMC in the early 90's, Niemi's classes had very interesting content. However, he is a complete condescending literary snob. The man is sinister and very demeaning. He slays students with brutal grading. I've taken 2 of his classes and got an undeserved D & C. He even called my buddy "Bub".When it comes to being cool, Niemi's a poser
He is one of the most boring people i have ever met. He does not teach, but rereads material that was meant for the previous nights homework. Although we learn nothing somehow the class always end up going over the time limit. He also has a semi mullet which can be both a plus and a negative. It gives you something to look as whenfeeling suicidal
nice guy, very boring
She is very specific with what she is looking for in group projects and exams. An answer could be right but is too broad so she will take points off. She is a nice person but I do not recommend taking a class with her.
She isnt specific with what shes looking for when shes grading. She doesnt teach you about aspects of business style writing until after shes graded your paper and is about to hand it back. Her lectures are long and not super interesting.
Loved topic, hated prof. Disrespectful toward students and often late, although she expects timeliness from students. Be prepared for group projects and to be screwed out of a grade if your group decides last-minute not to turn your part of the project in - she'll say it just happens in group projects and she won't accept anything you try to show.
A funny, great guy out of class, but in class he is boring and kind of difficult. And his lectures for some reason really annoyed me!
Class time is spent by her lecturing to the class, no visual presentation, only a few sporadic notes on the board. Be ready to spend hours and hours on assignments. Chapter readings with extra assignments are given at the same time. She is not lenient on her grading. The only positive is she gives a good study guide for exams which are not hard.
International Development No tests but the papers were hard to understand what was required. Not many points through out the semester... would not take this class for fun but if its part of your major it is bareable. Love Barrow as a person but it is difficult to have her as a professor.. especially with the lack of clear communication
She is nice after I went to her office hours and made appointments with other instructors, I was finally able to get through the class...kind of. She's a really bad instructor. Even though the material wasn't stimulating she did not make it any more exciting - TAKE DR. WINN.
Where to start. Has no idea how to work the mainframe. Will not respond to email for at least 3 days. Grades extremely hard. Makes you do a project that is basically 40 hours of busy work. Avoid taking at all costs!
I was graded down becaue I could not read her mind. We had to include assumptions and I had mine, but they were not the ones she had in mind.
Awful, this class was more like a business class than a computer science class.
From your average guy who is here to get a degree, this guys class is difficult. He speaks very fast, and sometimes is hard to understand. In order to do well on his exams you have to really pay attention in class! Great guy, but tough professor.
The most boring GenEd ever. Every time I went to lecture I ended up leaving and asking myself why I did. There was a horse on the PP, he named it Fred in lecture, that was a ? on test. Didn't get the note packet. Got the books but didn't read them. Easy A, but SO BORING.
This class wasn't bad but I did not care for Stanlaw's teaching style at all. He rambles during class and even in the notes he gives as well. He needs to work on clarifying the material better. I would not recommend this class if you do not want an average teacher or grade.
Stanlaw is a pretty funny guy, most of the time. I found his lectures to be hard to follow, cause he rambles a lot. But definitely buy his notes for $10. The test aren't too bad if you study. I think this class could be really interesting but he kinda made me not interested in it :(
He made up a book of his class notes- definitely buy it. It is everything he says word for word. If you don't buy it, you will definitely have a hard time following his lecture. Only 4 tests, including the final and a few extra credit opportunities- take advantage. Take this gen ed; its a fairy easy course and you don't have to do much!
His lectures were beyond boring and made no sense. The notes he sold you in a book were useless because he jumped all over the place and never made sense. His power points were irrelevant. The movies he showed in class were so out of date you couldn't pay attention. He lacked in organization. When I went to see him for help he was useless.
Stanlaw is very funny, but to understand him you must sit close to him in lecture. Tests are not too bad, but you need to read the 2 novels to do well. He also offers a book that is his notes, which somewhat help. His notes are sometimes not clear, but it helps before the exam. The movies he shows in class are terrible. But easy B.
Sometimes hard to understand, and lectures are very boring. But, overall this class is not very time consuming, but you do need to read the books he assigns for the exams. Go to review sessions for additional help because the notes in the red book he sells are not very useful. Most of his lectures are irrelevant to the notes in his red book.
I would not recommend this test. I am a good student and went to class but didn't do well on the tests. Repeats word for word from his handout book which I wouldn't have survived without so it is a MUST buy. Overall, do not elect to take this class unless you have to because it isn't worth it.
He's very disorganized and his tests aren't really over anything you'll ever really care about. It's a pretty easy A as long as you buy is notes. If you don't buy his notes, you're screwed. Just make sure to read and go to class.
Stanlaw= Awesomeness. Except he's difficult to understand. One thing: read the books.
he puts a lot of jokes on the tests but less and less on them as the semester moves along. he's hard to pay attention to and speaks quickly so buy the lecture notes he has for sale. show up for videos and watch them and read the novels. that alone can make you or break you if you aren't good at guessing on tests. nice guy, boring class.
the class itself was easy, the tests were unnecesarily difficult however. also, he is really disorganized and doesn't really haev a clue about how to give a clear lecture. AVOID THIS GUY!!! DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HIM!!!
A little bit too disorganized and hurried for my tastes - I can see his appeal for some, but he definitely wasn't the right teacher for me. Jumps around a lot and doesn't take a stance on his topics.
Lim is a nice professor, but the class structure is awful. Everything up until the first test was understandable, each homework assignment took about 10-15 hours to complete, and one was due every 2 weeks. After the first test the toughness increases exponentially. You also need a 63 average on the tests or you will not pass. Good luck.
Be prepared to bust your butt off for all of his ridiculously long assignments, then earn 80%+ percent total in his class, after busting your butt off on those assignments, only to be railed at the end and earn a C, due to his 73% average test score requirement to earn a B. Prepare for 1 hour long, 10 page tests where you write out full programs
This teacher has no clue how to teach. He isn't very organized or good at explaining anything as well as expects you to use the examples on the data server containing all the progs. The final project contains only one use case that he taught, yet nothing else. Extremely time consuming and unclear. Be ready for him not to return grades ever.
Assignments take a lot of time but are pretty easy. Encourages students to copy his code instead of teaching better. Insists on teaching and using JSF framework for assignments. The time it takes to write something in JSF is completely arbitrary relative to other frameworks. Suggestion: JSP. Overall doable class.
Very difficult class. He has a lisp, and it makes it hard to understand him. The lectures are alomost worthless, forced to learn the topics covered on your own. The workload for this class is very large, with each assignment being large. The exams are very very hard, with a lot of material appearing on them that was not covered in class. Very hard
Unless you have prior Java experience & remember it this course is not for you unless that's the only class you're taking & want to spend hours teaching yourself the material. Lim doesn't teach the subject he talks about it (there is a big difference) he doesn't follow the book so you don't have anything to reference to & his grading is very harsh.
The class starts off easy when you are learning html and css, but then he started assigning projects and homework without teaching the class HOW TO DO anything. So I spend hours scouring the internet for java syntax b/c I didn't learn anything in class.
1st part of the semester - Learned a lot but was time consuming (JBuilder=crap). 2nd part of the semester was a joke. Was supposed to be UML, but we brifely went over it. DONT BUY THE BOOK APPLYING UML AND PATTERNS, you will never crack the seal.
Good F'n' Luck. This guy should realize that 40 hours a week for a 3 credit hour class doesnt add up. Plus, you might think you are doing well but that final project will kill your grade. This ACS dept needs to get its act together.
I still shudder when I hear his name. Don't touch this profesor with a ten foot pole!
341 is a VERY difficult course! It will take over 40 hours a week of your time!
Do not take her. Very condescending and will not answer questions.
Just wasn't for me. Tests were a huge percentage of the grade and were poorly written with multiple mistakes. Like even the final had mistakes on it. For some reason, the UTA's are a huge part of the curriculum even though they're... just UTA's? Lots of wasted class time.
Personally thought she was really rude...poor responses to emails, and she plus some of her TAs gave me attitude when I tried to ask for help. I'm normally a good test taker, but her tests were very difficult for me. I took notes in class, went to office hours, and read the textbook, but nothing helped. She also makes her class a bell curve
Roberts is disorganized (and rude) during lectures so I had to go over the slides many times before exams. Her exams are application so difficulty depends on how well you understand her brain. I did well on exams but the final was unfair because the questions and case studies were shuffled out of order for some test versions and not others.
Wasted a lot of lecture time on topics that were not important for the exams, and was nasty to students when they asked questions in class sometimes. You could tell for some units she did not fully know the topics well, and explained them poorly. Her exams always had at least one mistake, and the questions on the final were annoyingly complicated
your grade is 60 percent tests with 20 as cerego and recitation with the final also 20 percent. Take good notes and be able to apply the content and connect other topics. go to the office hours and ask questions because learning the content and not knowing how to apply it will not help you on the exams (40 multiple choice) she does no extra credit
Laurel and her TAs do not care much about the performance of their students. When students come to them for help, they usually brush them off or vaguely answer the questions since they do not know the answers themselves. Do not take this course because some of the questions do not make any sense no matter how well you know the information.
Felt like I couldn't approach her because she was just so rude and condescending. Tests were worded weirdly/confusing and often contained errors. Final was very difficult. Had to frequently teach myself the material and I put in A LOT of effort in this class and still didn't do as well as I hoped I would. Quizzes and Cerego didn't really help much.
Literally so condescending. Does not respect students and gets defensive when you ask questions about the exam, often refuses to even answer them. Never proofreads tests so its difficult to even comprehend the question. Recitation quizzes are never updated and wont even contain material you learned. Cerego also is never updated and is unhelpful
She does not provide answers to problem sets unless someone raises their hand and asks for an explanation. She also does that while having regular lectures. She puts the blame on students for not using office hours. Aren't office hours suppose to be used for better learning, only after we learned everything we were supposed to learn?
I don't really like Roberts but she is better than some of the other options for bio 2 I think. There are four exams (one of which is dropped), and then a mandatory final. There are weekly recitation quizzes graded on completion only. Also the cerego homework which is time consuming but sometimes helpful. The majority of TAs were horrible.
Would not recommend. She is condescending, gives limited points (160/180 points are tests), and you have to do a lot of learning outside of class because there are gaps in the lecture material. Tests are difficult and sometimes confusing. Will give example questions in class but not tell the answer unless someone asks, so not helpful for learning.
Dr. Roberts is very educated, but she is rude to you when you are confused. She does not like to change her ways and is never open to any feedback. The class itself is kind of meh but be prepared for a professor with a major attitude and fixed mindset.
She was extra for no reason. Praised herself for a low class average as if she's bragging like her class is hard. All of her exams come from her lectures so you don't need to read the book. Listen to what she says. Demeaning, degrading, and discrediting are all adjectives to describe student regards. Attitude is a no but her class is OK barely
Dr. Roberts is a good lecturer, but her class is very disorganized. She would often rush through concepts towards the end of her slideshows. Her TA-led portions of the class are very disorganized and unnecessary. Her exams are a gamble, with many questions being sloppily written, incorrect, or confusing. She is also very defensive and rude.
this class gave me a huge headache. her slides are very out of order and do not give any help to the tests. my biggest tip: MAKE SURE TO LOOK AT THE TEXTBOOK! that's how i managed to learn anything in this class. go over the content after class on your own as well. the tests were stupidly hard as well and VERY application based
"Sorry, im not really an expert on this." - Dr. Laurel Roberts "this" = the class material all jokes aside: Roberts is disorganized. She does not know the material well and shows her disinterest until you start ecology and evolution. Her slides are just pictures from an old version of the textbook with words jambled around in different fonts.
she absolutely sucks. her grading is awful and her tests almost never line up with the actual material. her TA's do EVERYTHING for her, and even they aren't the best either (minus a few good ones). the class is extremely poorly ran with lectures that a second grader could explain better.
Prepare to be a mind reader if you want a good grade; I only got an A because I could guess the right answer, not because I used what I learned. She has questions that are irrelevant to the course, require ridiculous trivial memorization, or have confusing answers (2 or more right answers or NO right answers) but expects you to just know. Terrible.
This was an okay class. In my opinion, the only way to get an A is to attend Dr. Robert's office hours frequently, complete all worksheets, and study lecture powerpoints word for word consistently. If you budget time in your schedule to do all these things for this class, an A or B is certainly achievable. Good luck.
Clear/fair grading system but poorly written test questions that don't always coincide with what was discussed in lectures. Found myself relying heavily on the textbook for better explanations; she came off as very condescending and unhelpful (her TA's also unhelpful w/ answering questions), would not recommend. You'll have to put in the work!!
Will make tests with mistakes and won't give points back despite her knowing it is wrong. Timed exams and expects you to have enough time to log onto a zoom meeting so you get the correct answer choices. If you bring up a mistake in the exam, she will justify she is right because of her degree.
Unfortunately not a good professor. Asks questions in the slides presented but the doesn't answer them which I thought impeded learning. You are not able to speed up the narrated slides which are 80% of the class content and is done on your own time which is super annoying because she talks very slowly. Needs to adjust to online learning.
Roberts makes lectures interesting and explains things in a clear, concise way. However, Roberts' tests are tricky and are on obscure things that are briefly mentioned in lecture or the textbook. Make sure you memorise all the biological processes AND know how to apply them. Also, she'll say there's a curve but then change how many pts the curve is
To be entirely honest, Dr. Roberts is not a horrible person. HOWEVER, I would not recommend taking her the first semester of your freshman year. Her tests are extremely difficult and 90-95% of the exam is medically practical. She provides a study material but the tests are BRUTAL. Avoid this class if you can, but if you can't: good luck.
Not the best for human phys. Tests are on small tiny things mentioned in presentation slides and larger more conceptual concepts. Very hard to get an A, and also very hard to learn the material and enjoy it. She has good energy but doesn't explain concepts very well.
Class was very difficult and you really need to study hard if you want to pass. She has an army of TAs always willing to help and they are very knowledgeable on the subject. Make sure you use all of her resources like the weekly worksheets and quizzes in recitation. Hard to succeed, but doable.
The material covered is what is on the exams, BUT the exam is practical applications, while in class we only learn the generic text book version of processes. There are many hypothetical questions on exams, such as "If an alien had CAM plant chloroplasts, what gasses would its atmosphere consist of during the day versus at night?"
Dr. Roberts has a great sense of humor, and really tries to become close with her students. However, do not be fooled by her charismatic personality , because the class itself is not charming. You will have to live and breathe the textbook, and study the most minuscule details in order to pass the tests. Beware the dream crusher.
First, she is a good teacher that she respects every one of us. When I ask her questions, she would explain with details. Her exams are hard, really hard. I am a student from Korea and I think this professor is not good for international freshmen because she has too much American slangs and quotes that are hard for foreigners to understand.
Cool person, but unfair exams and unhelpful in general. Constantly tossing out exam questions she realized were unfair, but still tests you on a chapter she didn't teach in lecture. Will often not explain things because she wants you to figure it out yourself or assumes you have. Doesn't listen/agree when told questions had mult. interpretations
She was a terrible professor. Her personality was great but, the way her class is structured is absolutely terrible. Her TAs create ALL the exam questions and many of them don't even know the material themselves. The questions are terribly worded and she doesn't even proofread the questions. She's as bad as everyone says.
The first day of class she tells you that you should be thrilled to get a C in her class. the tests are very difficult and even with the curve it takes a lot of work to just have a chance to succeed in her class
I would not recommend Laurel. Although she is extremely knowledgeable and intelligent, most of her test questions are written by her UTAs. Exam questions are often ambiguous and unclear, and answer keys almost always contain errors. Her grading scheme is extremely confusing and it is always difficult to know where you stand in her class.
Even if you know the information really well you still can fail because her tests are tricky. She rambles a lot and talks about stuff that doesn't matter. She is a rude person and will not listen to anything you have to say.
Lol bye. Tests are hard and not reasonable. Be prepared to fail.
Her tests were extremely hard and her lectures were pretty boring. It is very possible to do well if you study because there is a huge curve on your final grade. Stay above the curve and you'll be fine. Go to class because she does clicker points that help boost your grade.
Dr. Roberts's class is very helpful in getting someone prepared for what to expect on higher level college exams. Tests are tough due to them being very application based. However, her teaching style is very vague for the level she expects one to know the material. She can also at times seem condescending towards her students.
I took her for Ecology, which was fine. Not the best teacher I've ever had, but the class was fine. Take her for Ecology, but do NOT take her for Bio 1. All the bad ratings she has below are from Bio 1, all the good are for Ecology.
Test questions are confusing and longer than necessary. Recitations are not very helpful. There's a lot of material to know, so be prepared to put in a LOT of extra time studying and reading the textbook. An A is possible if you work really hard, but it's difficult.
Roberts is a lovely person, however you absolutely have to work for a decent grade. Her lectures make the material seem quite simple, however her tests go into far more detail than the lectures ever do. I struggled in the class, but did pass so it is possible. Be ready to attend office hours and ask for help. Good luck if you take her class!
Her TAs are great. They are very helpful in recitation and are always there making worksheets and ther helpful tools. Roberts's test averages are around 50-60. The class is very hard and she loves to give her political input into the lecture. Her slides are very short and non-specific, and her test questions are very long and complicated.
Very cluttered power-points, often goes off on tangents unrelated to material. Avoid her for Human Phys, she has Undergrad TA's write questions that are often confusing or just incorrect (she straight up told the class sometimes her answer keys are wrong).
Dr. Roberts was very interesting in lectures and kept you awake and paying attention. However, lectures absolutely do not prepare you for exams. TAs talk loud during exams making it hard to focus. If you ask for help Dr. Roberts is very clear and makes concepts easy to understand. I would not recommend her class to anyone.
One of the worst bio professors at Pitt. Exams are beyond the level of an intro course. I don't mind a challenge but not if I haven't been thought the material. She is one of those professors that is out to get you.
Lectures were very fast-paced and at times confusing. She loves biology but, like many other very smart people, is not at all organized to her detriment, and therefore is not very good at explaining difficult concepts concisely. Exams were very difficult. Expect to learn a lot simply because you have to study so much!
Live in the library if you want to pass. Tests are impossible, don't even try. Switch your major now.
Dr. Roberts definitely knows her biology information, but is not very good at making it simplified. For Bio 1, she makes things very complicated and doesn't really connect them to the bigger picture. This class requires a great deal of work to come away with a good grade.
Pretty average professor at best. You can tell that she knows the material well. She does a horrible job of communicating it to students. Recitations were a complete joke. Student led by her fleet of TA's that had no real organization about them. Exam questions are difficult, which is fine, but I emphasize that she does not communicate well at all.
Roberts' lectures are very clear and interesting, but take note: knowing lecture material will only get you 15% of each exam. Many exam questions (besides being very hard) are ambiguous, and you will have to go to great lengths to get an A in the course.
VERY hard tests. She's a pretty funny teacher, but she doesn't cover all the material you'll need to know during class. So if you want to pass in this class, be prepared to hit the books HARD.
I think the class was designed to weed students out of the major, but Roberts takes it a little too far. The class is HARD!
Dr. Roberts is a nice woman, but she is by far the most disorganized, ambiguous, and disjointed professor I've ever had. Her lectures are so vague, and she constantly goes off on unrelated, unhelpful tangents. I received an A, but it took a lot of work, and a lot of luck. This class will not reflect how well you understand biology whatsoever.
Definitely the hardest class I took this semester. That being said I do not think it was Prof. Roberts' fault. Biology at Pitt is hard in general because of the ridiculous amount of people that are on the pre-med track.
Dr. Roberts is absolutely horrible. She is extremly arrogant. She doesn't give off a vibe that allows you to easily approach her. She's also very unclear in exactly what she wants. If you take BIO 0150, I'd stay clear of her.
I have had her for Bio 1 and whatever you do, do not take her. She gets off topic, speeds through lectures, and the TAs dont know what they are talking about either. Her tests are impossible even if you study the book, notes, and powerpoints. You need to teach yourself the concepts. I would take any other Bio teacher before her
She hardly had notes to take it was basically teaching yourself. Tests were ridiculous barely got a B. DO NOT TAKE HER
She let's her TA's write the tests, which results in exam questions that make absolutely no sense. Then she'll send an average of 3 emails about corrections she's decided to make on the exam answers. The grade you will receive in this class will not reflect your actual knowledge of biology, but instead will show how good you are at solving riddles.
Tests are impossible, but manageable if you put the time in. Definitely easy B as long as you don't fall behind at the beginning. Final has lots of questions from previous tests verbatim. Wastes lecture time with irrelevant guest speakers. TA generated exam questions made absolutely no sense
Pretty hard, but all bio classes are. Interesting lectures but you HAVE to read and take notes from the book to do well. I got a B and i'm not that good at bio but I am a very good student. Lots of work involved.
I'm pretty respectful of a difficult course. However, it's one thing if a TA doesn't understand a test. It is a whole other ball game when the prof doesn't know the answers and then changes them a week later because she consulted with "pros." Teach, and then grade. Don't grade and then teach yourself. worst class I've ever taken.
Dr. Roberts is a very nice lady but she's a horrible teacher! The first tests were fairly easy, but because the class average was too high, the downcurve she reprimanded the class with, was ridiculous. The final was impossible, even the TA's had trouble comprehending the material. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! I didn't listen and ended up in the doghouse!
hated her. class average was above a 75 so she took it upon herself to drop it as low as possible. studied my face off for her tests which are retardedly hard. i honestly think she wants to keep kids from getting into med school. DONT TAKE HER!
Get ready to change your major! I loved bio throughout highschool and even last semester. She is going to curve our overall grade DOWN by 5%....useless lectures. I studied two or three weeks ahead of time and tests seemed impossible. She seems to care more about recognizing students in class then teaching material. DONT TAKE FOR BIO 2!!!!
LOVES CAPYBARAS!! Legit. Give her a stuffed one. You'll get an A for sure.
One of the hardest classes I have taken. No matter how well you know the material it is extremely hard to do well on her tests. Not impossible but it will take a lot of work.
I reccommend against Laurel Roberts, but inconveniently she's particularly hard to avoid for Foundations 2.
Dr. Roberts was not a helpful teacher at all! Granted this is true of most bio teachers, but the fact is that she didn't teach, the book did. Also she was more concerned with achieving a bell curve distribution than having her students do well and testing their knowledge. Purposely words questions poorly. Memorizing the book may not even help.
The exams are extremely challenging and near to impossible to pass. Although she covers a lot of material, she will test you on a small percentage of what she stresses during lecture, and most questions dont come from any sources that you have(textbook). I have yet to meet someone who has aced an exam. If you're enrolled, I recommend dropping it.
She seems like a very nice lady. SEEMS. Her exams are half multiple choice and half essay. Her multiple choice is tricky and on her essays she asks nonspecific questions but expects specific answers. tips on essays: give examples. tips in general: avoid this professor!
I had her for Bio1/Bio 2 and got two A's, but for ecology watch out...her MC are easy still but her essays are impossible! I would avoid her for this class...doesn't teach as well, seems unmotivated.
Her class is DEATH for the GPA. I studied days and read chapters more then once and still got her ridic test questions wrong. avoiiddd!
nice woman, but she is crazy with her tests. i study so hard and still dont do as well as i should be...if you can avoid taking her, please do so
Class is a powerpoint lecture that is usually on some of the specifics of the textbook material. Seems to have a slight ego and takes up time talking to certain students or TAs during the lecture about mundane things. This tends to make the end of class catch-up time and she will rush through the remaining slides. Tests are fairly accurate.
Nice person, funny, tries to help you out. But goes through slides like lightning, tests you on stuff you LITERALLY mention once in class, and has ambiguous answer choices on exams. Very frustrating b/c there's loads of material and she doesn't do a good job to teach you. If you do well in her class, you will be better off than with Sved or Yates.
she is just bad. she spends the last 15 minutes of every lecture just flipping through slides at the speed of light and saying you have to know it all. not very knowledgable. learned A LOT, but was all from the book. i got an A-, but it was solely because i read every word of the entire book, no joke... studied 5x more for this class than any other
Very nice lady. Always a pleasure to talk with. I haven't forgotten any of my physiology knowledge yet.
Is the exact opposite of Dr. Bledsoe, if you've had him. Puts diagrams up and you are supposed to write down what she says. Notes are not put on board. Is very politically correct and comes across as arrogant.
More difficult than the rest of the intro bio instructors. Semi-random grading policies (a decent portion of the grade is non-test and entirely her whim). Uses expensive "CPS" classroom-polling system and mis-uses courseweb (posts lecture notes -- but clears random pages first!) Bad attitude and condescending.
Laurel Roberts gives nasty tests. She will attempt to help you, however, if you are a regular at her office hours. The material discussed in class is not evidently present on the exams. One must study for the exam, rather than study the biology material, in order to do well. BTW, she's a **** to you until she gets to know you. So, kiss her ass
Her tests are all trickery....She doesn't explain the material well enough for what's on the test...and she belittles you in recitation if you don't know the answer to her ridiculous questions. She may be a nice person...but not a good teacher at all. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Many people think that hard tests equate to good teaching, well Laurel Roberts is an exception. Her teaching methods are OK, but definitely not clear enough for how hard her tests are.
her lectures were useless. the powerpoints consisted only of pictures from the book and maybe a page or two with a few words in giant font. tests were surprisingly easy.
There was no way of predicting what would be on the exams. Tests were difficult. Read before going to class and you may actually be able to follow the lecture, if not you better be tape recording because shes hard to follow.
This teacher is nice,but not effective. Take someone else.
I had Roberts for Bio 2 and got an A, so no one can say I didn't do the work. But she is a horrible Biology teacher (she is VERY nice and VERY dedicated though.) Her notes are worthless as is time spent in class though
I couldn't stand her Bio class. She was so difficult and nearly half of the class dropped it after the first exam. The exams are impossible. I would not recommend anyone to take her class...unless you intend to fail.
IMPOSSIBLE! If you are trying to fail Biology, then I suggest taking Roberts. The tests are impossible and she speeds through the material.
dr roberts sucked, dont ever take her, ever
why go to the class, all she covers are the pictures in the book! you learn nothing!! and her tests are IMPOSSIBLE, they cover every little detail said in the book, not by her in class, and every detail said by foreign guest speakers that you can't even u
All of the above/None of the above/ Just A and B/ C, A,and D, but not B!!!! A person could get a brain tumor from her tests!!
Horrible. Very unorganized and doesnt care about students.
I found her class to be a bit disorganized and kind of all over the place. She does not have structure to her lectures and introduces new topics randomly. Her exams are nearly impossible to pass due to lack of time and questions being worth an unreasonable amount points. Nearly all of the class failed the semester.
Tough grader, and heavy lectures. She doesn't refer to the textbook a lot and her lectures can be confusing so it's hard to find exactly what lesson you're on. Jumps around topics a lot. Does not curve grades!!! she did not curve even though her midterm averages were VERY low.
Pretty abrasive person and mediocre at teaching. I personally don't recommend her. I retook the class with a different professor and got an A.
She is very test heavy and would give no feedback on the tests. She also made me feel stupid for asking questions. She expected that you had already taken AP calc and done well. She explained concepts well, but was simply not nice.
this prof made me hate calculus. comes off very rude and abrasive and unless you show that you care, she will stay that way. very unorganized in lecture and simply does examples expecting you to know what she is doing and they are 10x easier than the practice problems and exams. DOES NOT CURVE EXAMS. your grade is solely based on exams & lon capa.
Angela has a very abrasive personality that takes a while to get used to. Her lectures can be extraordinarily confusing because she just starts doing problems without explaining anything. Sometimes I found it was easier to learn topics from the textbook than trying to follow her lectures. However, if you put in the work, you can get a good grade.
Here's the thing, for this class she only had 4 grades in the entire system. In the math department you can only get one grade higher than you got on the final. She is helpful if you go see her in her office hours, but she might call you stupid and yell at you, but does care. If you've never taken calc before you're going to be lost.
If you have never taken calc do not take her. Lectures are boring and they are hard to follow. Your grade is dependent on the three exams which are sometimes straight forward but also include things that weren't gone over in class. She also gives no partial credit. You Must work very hard to pass this class.
Enthusiastic professor, but do not take her class unless you've had calculus before. I went to the tutoring center at least once or twice a week for the whole term and met with the TAs regularly, but still did miserably on her exams. Retaking calc next semester with another professor...
Attended every lecture and went to office hours and still failed the class.
You'll get a good grade if you go to her office hours and suck up to her, but she's the one of the worst math professors I've had. Take Inna or Neal Hahn if you can, they are both much better professors and will actually teach you the material.
very confusing, hard grader, not enough good solid examples
Overall, a mediocre instructor. Although the class is fairly easy and the material covered does not cause any significant trouble to most students, the professor's lectures really have little to do with your understanding/success in the class. She does try to involve the class during lectures, but her questions are extremely ambiguous and vague.
Probably one of the worst math professors I have ever had.
Although Prof. A is very energetic and loves what she is doing, she moves VERY quickly and assumes everyone in the class has prior knowledge of Calc and/or remembers what they did in 11th grade precalc and 9th grade trig. Thank the good lord for MAC. I hate asking questions because she seems condesending and I feel incredibly stupid when I do.
Incredibly frustrating, she doesn't prepare you for the final exam whatsoever but the others are very easy. Makes you wish you stopped at the previous math.
i found her hard to follow and pretty intimidating. exams were difficult and harshly graded, and the book was completely useless.
Knowlegeable, amicable, and totally incapable of actually teaching. Unless you already know calculus (and then, why are you taking a course?) or are preternaturally disposed to solving math porblems you will do very poorly.
Drop this class! Believe me you don't want her, she makes all the material so hard and does not follow the book when the departmental final is based on the book!!!!!!!!!! I went to every class and she still didnt teach me.
horrible teacher, very unprofessional, did not help at all during office hours. not suprising since she and klimas share an office. worst teachers ever!
ok
Not very prepared for lectures, not good at returning graded material, and out of touch with the class.
goes way to fast leaving some students in the dust
He is a good teacher, fair also.
this guy is impossible. he flys through everything n is very "different" HARD CLASS
OK first of all wut an interestin character, he looks just like carrot top honest to god but a little bit older. he obviously works out cuz he likes to show off the guns, and his classes are hard. be prepared for anything his test are riduclously hard dont take this class
Nice ride yeah, but if you get behind in his class, drop. Don't attempt to go any further. His tests are very hard.
Mr. Mussa has a sweet ride, an outgoing attitude and trys his hardest to convey the subject material. However, he focuses on questions in class instead of literally teaching the material. If students need one-on-one help they should get a tutor.
VERY BORING. I did not learn anything from this class. Her lectures are extremely broad, unclear, disorganized and sometimes off topic. Nice lady but can't teach!
Probably hands down the most boring class i have ever had to take. it really was just a huge waste of money. she's a really, really nice person, but i could have taught myself the material and saved a couple thousand bucks.
I would rather chew on glass than take a class with this lady again. I rather walk on rusty nails. If you have to take a boring class with her, congrats, you're wasting your money!!!
The most boring teacher in the world. somewhat easy grader, but not worth your time or money. You will end up wanting to drop out of the class because of how boring it is. Don't take her if you like to keep your eyes open for more than ten minutes in a class. she is easy tho
Hated It! Absolutely boring class. Still do not understand why I had to take it. The most awful college class I have ever taken. Even for a million dollars, there is no way in hell I would ever take a class with her.
He is rude and tough grader. Too many works in class, as there are 3 group assignments, 4 quizzes, 1 mid term, 1 exam and 1 individual presentation. You can get a pass if you follow well with his instructions. Really not recommend...
Raymond is clear with what he wants, there's a list of things that he wants in a assignment. His lectures are horrible, he is very rude, narcissistic, loud, and annoying. He will never admit any fault or confusion that was 100% his fault. He deletes all notes from the blackboard before a exam and there isn't enough time during the exam.
The attendance is not mandatory, but then on the middle of the term he decides to give extra bonus for students that show up in one particular day. The course outline said one thing and the instructor said another (like exams percentage and bonus assignments and how you should deliver the papers). He spends the whole class reading his own slides.
For who skin White, it is a good choice, he love chatting with you even buy you a coffee for free. However, if you are yellow or black, sorry! he will kick you out of the classroom when you are chatting with your labor out loud. His lecture is just Skipping PPT, Like pop quizzes.
He's a nice professor when he isn't lecturing. He will not tolerate people talking in class and will throw you out or have you removed. He does not allow people to come in late until the break. He is very clear about assignments and marks them according to what he has given in the assignments outline. Very friendly and approachable after lecture.
Worst prof ever. His tests are extremely hard and he is useless.
i think raymonds goal for his students, is to make them all think he is the toughest prof at douglas. you will often hear him say "even other profs in my dept can do my tests". He is aweful. Likes to be difficult.
our class average a c minus..every other instructor a B...you do the math
Class average for Yu's 1110 class: 52%...midterm: 47%............Class average for other 1110 class: 80%...midterm average..85%. All i gotta say
worst prof ever... extremely hard and has a cold heart... actually TRIES to fail students with trick questions DURING the in-class timed computer exam. DOESN'T UNDERSTAND WHAT IT MEANS TO BE A PROF OR TEACHER... Out to get student! STAY CLEAR UNLESS U LIKE TO BE BELITTLED. Has a stamp that says REJECT, if you make a mistake on his instructions!
before i took this course i thought it would be easy. butthis teachers tests are very hard, and he doesnt seem to care whether or not you fail his class
Wierd guy, tests are hard, but he puts like 15-30 bonus marks that are usually super easy. His assignments are ridiculously hard and incredibly unclear and confusing, and he seems to think your stupid if you don't get it. He docks big marks for little things like a missing date.
Terrible! Yu is a nice guy, but he's seriously out to get the students. Small quizes were nearly impossible to get good marks. He took tiny examples out of the textbook and made them 2 marks. Very hard exams as well, assignments are easy, but that's it. He's got small-man syndrome for sure!
tough teacher, too tough for a 1st year course! Was nice to me but can be rude! just read from his notes therefore lectures were boring
he is good prof., but i don't like him.......personal opinion......
Hard subject, fast talker, proud individual who likes to believe his CISY students will do better than students from other CISY class.... +)
doesn't seem like a nice guy (in class) - dont know if he really cares for his students well being.
Tests not related to lessons, he knows his stuff but doesn't teach it well.
VERY HARD!! LOTS OF WORK!! 50% of people dropped by the midterm!!
If you want to get a good grade without putting in too much work, I would recommend this professor.
seem like a kind guy, but if you are in the waiting list, you can drop it now and take another course. because he won't allow the waiting list
He's a nice guy very willing to help. However, his explanations are not very clear. Also in a number of occassion, he doesn't seem to know the answer to questions. But since the textbook is pretty helpful, you don't really need his help that much.
Only ever talked out how Science World this and Science World that. I found the course very boring.
Who hires these people!?
He is sooooooo boring....kinda stutters....not very clear...easy course BUT he has no relevance to that, take w/someone else if you can
He doesn't deliver or teach the ideas well, but he is truely an eager teacher. His class is very easy to pass, but if you want clear teachings, find other teachers.
One of the worst CS professors at GW. Ridiculous amount of (outdated) work, often with broken tests. Assignment instructions were unclear and long. Lecture is just him reading the course website and some in-class problems, which you have to finish for homework. Grading was very slow but fair. Final was not too difficult, but did require studying.
This is the most uninspiring teacher and class I have had thus far. Outdated boring articles and text accompinied by outdated, boring videos. She talks about herself and her accomplishements with ease, but god forbid we have a class discussion.
overrated, definitely will not learn anything about anthropology
I strongly agree that she is overrated
He sucks at life. One of the worst professors I've had. He is inconsiderate of students' views or misunderstandings. He's very condescending and arrogant.
Nice guy but his classes are long and boring! All he does is lecture and tests are really hard! I would never take him as a prof again!
He makes it almost impossible to get an A in his class. He lectures & he hardly takes a breath from his boringness. If he misses a class he will make you make it up on YOU OWN TIME. His exams are difficult & he doesn't give enough time to finish them!!!
Worst Class I have ever taken.
Knows his stuff really well, but is somewhat boring and not very good as a professor. Take lots of notes and you should be all set.
he was not very helpful to me when I had a family crisis... plus his exams consist of how well you can regurgitate everything he told you in class on a particular topic... so much for higher learning
Dont take friggin sociolgy
Hard grader, buy the book, come to class and bring a computer.
She is a wonderful person, but boring. Her lectures are boring but important to take notes on. The work she expects is grad school level work at times, asking her students to "write a research question or hypothesis that has never been researched before" which you will then have to research.
I seriously think he's too hard on the gradings. Take it if you are ready to memorize everything in the textbook!
This may seem like an easy going class at first, however, you have to work really hard and memorize his textbook in order to get an A. There is no curve and test questions are tricky. I would not recommend this class if you want to keep your GPA up.
didn't like the class or his teaching at all. he seems like a good guy at heart but the class was boring and uninteresting, his tests are unnecessarily tricky, lectures are boring, just overall a bad experience taking his class. i'm sure many people may feel different but i regret taking his class.
He's very interesting a nice guy, lectures are ineteresting since he gives alot of real life examples. His tests however, are near impossible and ask every single little deatil from the book, and he doesn't give a curve even when the class average is a C-/D+.
Dr. Kaplan was really funny during lectures but the lectures were basically the same as the textbook since he wrote the book. The tests were very difficult. You definitely have to memorize every tiny little fact in the chapters and the updates.
although he is a very intelligent man and def knows his stuff, he makes his exams extremely tricky. you can think you know the material very well but still do poorly on the exams. he makes it way too challenging for a 200 level, he thinks hes teach grade school with those exam questions. i have 400 level classes with easier tests!
This class, although the concept of adolescence is relatively easy, the class is not. The only necessary thing for the class is to read the text book 100x. The tests are very tricky, even if you feel you know the material.I don't recommend taking this class to anyone.
Kaplan is the place where A's go to die. I was a 4.0 student when I got to his class and I couldn't even get a B+ on 1 test. His tests are SO DIFFICULT! Tests are mult. choice and answers are VERY ambiguous. Lectures are pretty helpful but some class discussions go a little too long. Great class but if you're not a psych major it's VERY tough.
It's true that he is a nice guy, tells some interesting stories during lecture. but BE AWARE : the exams are EXTREMELY DIFFICULT! I read ALL chapters assigned, ALL articles assigned and went to ALL lectures, and I'm still unable to get pass a 70 in his class (a C-). I talked to many other people and they have the same case. class avg = 68 (D+)
he is more into himslef then anything. I do not feel liek he cares about anyone in the class we are all just numbers to him. is he a good lecture teacher yeah but then we get too side tracked when everyone has to ask questions and we waste 35 mins, i personally do not like kaplan i think he is a egoctisical stuck up snob who repeats himself always
His tests are difficult and reading alone doesn't cut it. If you have to take the class make sure you do the practice questions in back of book, they help. Be prepared to work..also he drops one of the test grades so study early in the beginning so that you don't have to take the final.
I had him and was also having a bad semester and when I went to him for office hours to explain to him what was going on he turned me away and gave me an attitude. I found him to be very egotistical and self involved.
Nice guy, and very funny. Mandatory attendance at lectures, which are a rambling overview of the textbook he wrote. Excellent textbook, and exam questions are right out of the book.
Nice guy, good llecture, very hard tester and no curve. If you have a question outside of class you are pawned off on a TA. He doesn't like to deal directly with students
TALKS IN CLASS ABOUT NOTHING THAT IS ON THE TEST HIS TESTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE AND HE WILL NOT HELP YOU AT ALL, DONT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HIM , HE MAY SEEM COOL TO LISTEN TO BUT DONT BOTHER IT AINT ON THE TEST
everyone said he was so great but i dont think so. he was of no help in office hours. his test are not what he talks about in class. fun class. good lecturer but really no point of u want higher than a C.
Had one teacher, she left, Kaplan took over - he's mad hard!
She needs to understand that if you look for anything hard enough, you will find it. She is full of arguments that are so one sided and she doesn't even bother looking at it the other way. When pointed out in class, she avoids it at all costs and ends up going back to her argument that holds no water where she can be disproved easily..
Professor eves just lectures for the whole class period and half the time it just long boring tangents. He posts the power points so you literally dont have to go to class. His papers arent that difficult, but he is a hard grader especially on the work sheets. I wouldnt take this class again
He is a slow grader and I honestly think he just writes a random grade at the top of the paper. He doesn't leave comments or give feedback on what questions you got wrong and ways to improve your grade. Attendance isn't mandatory but I suggest showing up to get a good grade.
Great personality and sense of humor. You can tell he takes pride in what he does. Only take his class if you like content to be taught like a story. Powerpoints are on blackboard. I recommend writing down what he says, that's if you can. Talks off topic. I felt like he was there to teach and leave. Slow grader. Also not informative whatsoever.
I thought he was a terrible professor. Many of his assignments were not relevant to the course description, he had mandatory Saturday field trips, and he treats you like you're 10 years old. I will never take a class with him again. I learned almost nothing. All of his lectures are on powerpoint and very boring. Don't take him unless you have to.
If you arent a history major it is not a good idea to take him, and if you are you should only take him if you have to. His jokes are corny and talks to you like you are in middle school. He doesn't make anything interesting and his lectures are powerpoints and very dry!
Rotella has been my least favorite econ prof. Her lectures focus more on history and women's studies than actual economics. Tests are difficult and most students fail quizzes. If you are interested in the subject matter then this is the class for you because we cover a TON, but if you have middling or iffy interest it's not good.
very, very hard, not an easy A, don't take if you are looking to pad gpa
Sucked. Very hard and unclear.
her tests are manipulative and tricky...she sucks
This woman was terrible. Her examples bored me to death, she lacked a great deal of excitement about the subject, and her tests were incredibly difficult (compared to what was taught in class). A great disappointment.
her tests were not directed towards course success
Very good about meeting outside of class, almost lives in his office, however, the way the class is taught it is almost required to go to his office just to understand the material.
He was over involved with student's learning. Sometimes helpful, but generally it would have been nice to have some control over learning the material. Completely unnecessary to email me every 35 seconds and check homework every day-we're in college now, it's time for us to have some responsibility for our education.
His teaching style can be condescending. He expects you to understand everything immediately. He does make himself more than available for help, but if you didn't get it to begin with, he isn't going to be able to help you very much. Very nice guy, not a very good teacher.
Avoid avoid avoid, dude will butcher ur gpa, take a whole lotta points off for minor mistakes like forgetting a negative sign (unless he likes u). Yea he also has an obscure grading system where he p much grades on how he feels (unless he has a TA to grade). Hardly gives tests, office hours he just likes to be condescending
If you have the right mindset for real math (and most engineers seem not to), his classes are a breeze, and you will probably learn the material for personal interest anyway. He is super lenient about grades in upper-level classes. But in the required classes, tread carefully. Tests are truly straightforward but (many) people fail anyway.
I heard Om was awful, but I ended up being forced into his class for DiffEq.. surprisingly EXTREMELY easy. I think just for this class he is really easy. Just do the homework, don't mess up the tests, and you'll get an A. Class can be boring when he spends 30 min correcting a dumb algebra mistake, though...
Totally unclear and unhelpful in lecture and in his exam writing/grading. Knowing the material is not enough, you must also guess what he is thinking, because paying attention in class and asking questions is no help. He often does not know how to answer textbook homework problems.
Anyone with an iota of interest in engineering (read: not a math geek) should avoid him. Goes off on theoretical flights of fancy, does not cover applications. Avoid especially any "EE" courses he (co)teaches, his flights here are not just theoretical but often irrelevant. His exams for a graduate course will try to test your knowledge of Calc I.
Nice guy, somewhat funny. The problem is that he focused too much on theoretical problem solving-not enough on the actual test material.
He goes off on more tangents than trig! He'll make you go to help session if you start doing poorly, but the only thing that affects your grade is if you do well on tests and if you're Indian- it's a plus.
Could not understand what he was saying. Also, instead of doing examples in class and trying to explain what was in the book he simply wrote proofs on the board and expected the class to understand.
He may seem rough but if you stick with him you can guarantee an A or B.
Pop quizes. Lots of work.
very good artist and a very nice professor. however he seems like a whimp- he will never give advice out of fear of offending someone. he also speaks very softly and trys to teach class when we're painting. if you want to actually build your artisit skills dont take his class. if you want an easy grade- take this class.
Dr. Pennington is a very nice man, but his tests are all free-response and very difficult. You only have 1 hour to answer 10+ pages of free-response questions. He also does not curve and does not post lecture notes anywhere. There are reading questions every single day for a grade. He goes through the lecture notes at lightning speed.
Dr. Pennington comes across as a great, animated, and enthusiastic professor during lectures, however in office hours it's like being around a completely different person and is generally unhelpful. The way the class is curved leaves you in the dark and stressing the entire semester. I would highly recommend taking someone else if you can.
I took Pennington for 1&2. I deeply regret taking again. He talks so fast he can't keep up with himself, there's a quiz question every day, the OWL doesnt line up with class (required). He will not help you, doesnt curve exams & "curves" the class at the end. He used to be good, not anymore. I spend >30hrs/wk & still fail exams. take anyone else.
Felt like he rushed through everything this semester, and taught an entire chapter of content the day before an exam and expects you to master the content. With his teaching style you need to self teach yourself the content to be able to follow along in class. Personally wasn't a fit for me.
This class sucked. Pennington was not helpful during COVID at all. Something changed from first to second semester with him. He expected 3 hours of asynchronous videos before a 50-minute lecture, OWL for HW as well. WAY TOO MUCH FOR 3 HOUR CREDIT! Was grumpy during class, and graded harshly. DO NOT TAKE PENNINGTON. Literally, take anyone else.
Pennington seems to care about his students, if they are doing well. He is a great prof and provides awesome notes, but the exams are excessively hard (11 pages of synthesis in 50 minutes). Went to his office hours for advice about failing an exam... told me to q drop and retake ochem one. Only take him if you are super confident in ochem.
Ended up dropping because of how bad I did on the 3rd exam. 4 exams and a final along with OWL assignments for grades. If you miss more than 8 clickers they start counting against you. He talks extremely fast and assumes you are always in an understanding of the concepts like you've taken the course before. His expectation is you study everyday
I will be writing 2 comments. I took JP in F18. Grade comprised of 4 exams, a final, online hw and quizzes for every chptr, iclicker (at start of class, part of grade), and bonus. Bonus: explaining a wrong answer on each exam (post exam), networking a group study, and end of semester evaluation. (15pts/729 total possible pts). He talks fast. -JF
Goes way too fast through lectures, does not give examples outside of his pre-written notes, last two tests are incredibly hard. He knows what he's talking about very well, but he doesn't do a good job of teaching those that don't. If you're chemistry savvy, you'll be okay. If you're less than stellar, prepare to suffer.
This professor...SO many people dropped the major on account of this guy! The subject was already very difficult, and he did not seem to care whether we learned it or not. Be very cautious in asking any question--he'll chew your head off for it half of the time. His exams are really hard and he doesn't expect anyone to get higher than a C.
At first I didn't think he was too bad. However, after the second midterm, I began to realize that he just really didn't care about his students. He did not assign any relevant circuit solving homework- we just had a few computer assignments for PSPICE and MATLAB. Avoid if you can, you will suffer and probably won't even learn the material well.
Coles class was beyond hard. His explanation of material was moderatly okay but lectures felt rushed. He does care about students, but his rough demeanor makes him unapproachable to those with weak stomaches. On the plus side he does cover all the material and I did learn a lot in his class, although I credit some of that to our good textbook.
It's not worth it.
He's just OK. Nothing special, but not an awful teacher. There isn't much more to say...
Very kind person who is truly passionate about the subject. He's pretty disorganized when teaching I don't know why but sometimes i feel like he shows up to class unprepared. His quizzes are harder than they should be. If you want to pass this class read the book! He's not awful but I've had way better.
Parente was a really nice guy but SO BORING. I dreaded going to his class. They dragged on for so long. He takes attendance which sucks. The tests are hard and they are on random material that it seems like he pulled out of nowhere. I wouldn't recommend him. But he was nice!
annoying class, didn't feel i learned anything, was never in his office for help
basically straight lecture style, tests all multiple choice but some qs tricky
So I had an 89.4 in her class and she would not round up to an A after I went to her office hours. Her tests are tricky and even if you think you know the material, go over it again because even though the concepts are easy the tests are not. Would never take her again.
she made the vertebrate portion very boring. you learn more about the vertebrates in lab than you do in her lecture. the exam had questions asking about concepts she didnt teach in class.
She is such a boring teacher. Doesn't seem interested in what she is teaching and is not really helpful. She teaches the animal portion of this class, her exam/quiz questions are easy. You'll fall asleep in class if she is teaching.
She's tough! BIG on taxonomy, she loves letting you know where each animal came from and expects you to care too. She wrote the text book. The exhibit animals smell, I mean they did come from the ocean and are decaying as we speak.
Worst person ever to teach the animal section of this class. This section should be the best, but isn't if it is taught by her. Very boring, extremely scattered, the kind of teacher you can tell would rather be in the lab and resents having to teach.
I had Professor Welsh for my freshman seminar (Blood, Guts & A Beautiful Woman) and I enjoyed him for this topic material - he was knowledgeable about the material. He made a slight attempt to interact with his students on a more personal level which was nice. The readings were a little too much at times but discussions were great.
For someone teaching a world religions class he is not openminded. He doesn't teach very clearly or make it easy to know what's on the tests. He's rude and arrogant.
The class was formatted as a journey through his mind, with him ocassionally stopping to ask, "Now what do you think abou that?" I did not respond to his teaching style at all. I found his grading system confusing, and I never knew where I stood, nor did I know what he wanted from an A paper. I would not reccomend Keith Welsh.
He talks over just about everyone's heads.
Scatter-brained; obviously played favorites.
The only fun part of the class was when he would get off topic and talk about his dogs. The lectures were dull, the course wasn't particularly well structured, and he's overly dismissive of others' ideas. Overall, nothing to get excited about. Don't bother with his philosophy of language class unless you really, really love linguistics.
This was the start of my disillusionment with philosophy. Searle is self-absorbed and not an original/creative thinker. I was really excited about this class (judging by the title), but he let me down.
Searle is extremely full of himself and repetetive. He uses the SAME jokes and examples he used thirty years ago, multiple times per class. He is uber dismissive of opinions not his, whether from students or other philosophers, and gives a highly biased account of them. Was smart at some point, but I don't see any evidence of this being still true.
Nice guy, great lecturer, horrible teacher. Lectures are entertaining, but hard to follow sometimes. All in all, I would recommend taking his class.
Professor Olegs class itself was not difficult. However, he is an extremely boring lecturer. The entire class had a hard time staying awake because he talks in different languages sometimes and its hard to follow. He assigns a lot of group work and presentations which I found annoying because not everyone will contribute to it!!
Worst first semester in college because of having him as a prof.Very condescending attitude toward other opinions.Class discussion HUGE part of grade;hard to participate when he doesnt want to hear other views.Class focuses on religion when that is not supposed to be the primary focus.Only thing learned is to warn others to not have him as a prof
ouch.. painful. professor is highly educated, but hard to understand. READ WHAT HE TELLS YOU TO. class participation is crucial. answer his questions, even if you're wrong. he lightens up when the class participates and seems interested. if you slack, it will show.
Couldnt understand him. He was really mean. He didnt like me. He failed me on purpose. DONT TAKE HIM.
Nice guy, but wouldn't recommend taking his classes.
Although he spent a few years in Toronto, the thick Russian accent may have you thinking about a communist infiltration than the scholarly works of St. Bonaventure or Thomas Merton. My other gripe was that he didn't allow any deviation from the text.
tried implementing new ways methods of teaching, which were very appreciative...he's extremely learned, but he has trouble conveying what he knows
He teaches this class like it's the history of America according to Bob Amico. He's no so much a brainwasher as he is completely unwilling to take anyone else's opinion into consideration. If he finds at any time that you may be right, he'll find a way to turn it around and make you wrong. He's rude and belittling as well.
He is an easy grader, but pushes his views down your throat and if you do not agree or stand up to him in class and challenge him, your grade reflects that. Class is easy, but repetative.
I don't know what you people are talking about. This guy only uses his class as a platform to brainwash his students. His views are hipocritical and stupid. I hated every minute of his class. If you're a mindless walking corpse that has no views on anything, take his class. If you're the least bit intelligent stay away!!!
He is a nice guy, just yells his UMS 175 times. The class is not that bad, his test are pretty straight foward, you have to try to fail his test. You do read a lot of books, but they are not that bad. All you have to do is pay attention as hard as you can. I also never slept in class until this class.
Nice guy but hard to understand and jumps around in his lectures a lot.
Straightforward. Everything is from textbook. I advise going to class he gives stuff away for tests and tells you what you don't need to know for tests. Probably better than most math teachers in YU but doesn't really say much. Just writes textbook onto the board in class. A lot of self teaching. Nice guy and really funny too
He's a nice guy, and teaches ok, but that's about it. he's not AWFUL, but... well, he could be a bit clearer. And can you say "mathaholic?"
learning-hardest class ever. he is very smart but the test was insane murder.
The problem with this class is she would go over what happened in a chapter of a book, but when the test comes we are not detailed enough. If we receive a test that is based on an essay, we would give a "general" essay on the topic but she would want more. She would want more detail on something that we honestly have no idea about.
Please do not take this class. if you have to, then read, read, read and read some more. then make sure you have a certain style of writing that she will enjoy or else youll be graded down... yes for a geography class. oh and if you do take this class, its cleveland north dakota not ohio.
Dr. Rose is a terrible teacher! She keeps the class guessing answers and never explains the material. She is a tough grader and doesnt give full credit on anything. She assigns pointless labs and never gives enough time to finish them. She should be fired!
This class is hard. You really have to read the book and study for tests. She does not help you in class if you do not understand. You pretty much have to teach yourself geography.
Just Plain Dreadful
This has been one of the more well-organized online classes I have taken. However, in more than one of my papers and short answer questions I would answer the question fully and she would mark me down commenting that I didn't answer an entirely different question than the one she asked. It is like she expects you to read her mind. Impossible!
she blew out her back this last semester and was stuck on online courses. PL is a tough online class especially for the unversed. her wording is perfectly typical of philosophers which can make no sense to most people and her tests were perfectly inline with what the book and lectures said. She has her issues but isn't horrible
too much discussion, not enough teaching, tests are reworded to death and seemingly simple but not, as stupid and simple as it seems, i recommend reading and studying still
Should not be teaching. One wonders how she was appointed any position. Must have been through a connection somehow.
I'm not really sure why everyone loves this class. I HATED it. class, espcially night class, is generally very boring. She is always late and incorperates too much of her personal life in lectures. I was excited to get into the class but very disapointed in the outcome. Also to add..she's not hot.
Too much discussion not enough teaching.
Drones on and on ... beatnik outlook, terrible.
Gives study guide of what exactly will be on exams
Took attendence only for first half of the semester. The book is found online, no sense buying it. The exams are kind of hard, but he know's his stuff and is a pretty nice guy. I thought it was a boring class.
extremely boring class. don't bother taking notes from power points-none of the Q's on the tests come from them. doesn't take attendance. most of the time is spent listening to a series of endless movements. Showing up is a waste of time. Nice guy but doesn't know how to teach the musically retarded.
horrible, probably the worst class ive taken in college.
An overall good teacher but the tests are horrible. Take another professor where extra credit is offered and tests are pieces of cake NOT this one.
RUN FOR YOUR LIFE! DO NOT get into this class. It is so boring. One day, he made us listen to Beethoven`s 5th Symphony, which was really pointless. I got 3 D`s and an F and i`m there every day taking down his exact notes, studying and i`m doing bad. Answer that one! AVOID THIS CLASS!
AVOID this class at all costs. He's a little too passionate, and his tests (your only grades) are difficult even if you go to class everyday, read and listen to music. Might help if you had prior background. Beyond boring at 8 am
Very hard teacher!! He does not teach anything during class...so you might as well stay home and sleep!! Expects you to know about 15 songs for each test and all the songs sound the same!! DON'T TAKE HIM IF ITS NOT NECESSARY!!
He is a really funny teacher at times, but it is an overall boring class. I was not interested in the class at all so it made the test hard. Dont exptect on getting an A from him he doesnt give them out!!
He is a nice guy and funny at times but dont be fooled, his tests can be difficult. If you study hard you'll do okay though.
very smart. but should do a little more on helping students that are not musically inclined.
He doesn't like you unless you are a music major!
Passionate about communciations. Lacks real world experience therefore learnings have very little application outside of academic environment. Teaching style better suited in an undergraduate environment. If you are a graduate student, I do not recommend Kevin's classes to you.
He's a helpful professor, but difficult to understand what's important to get from the book (it's hard to read). Really there's little lecture - mostly just in-class exercises and debates.
I agree that he does hold student to a high standard, but he should also consider all of the other things UST students have going on other than his class. Attendance is def MANDATORY!! He will give you 2 absences then you drop 5% for each class missed after that. Can be condescending, arrogant, and accusatory. Class is somewhat entertaining.
He springs last minute projects and deadlines on you, OFTEN. He always talks down to students and is VERY unclear about what he wants. He makes very subtle hints that he expects you to pick up on. He does not let creativity flourish as he will take over your project with "suggestions" that you will need to use or get a bad grade.
Scully is nice but unorganized!!
This professor is horrible.
He talks about topics he finds interesting and can go on when engaged. Otherwise, students "teach" the class with the presentation assignment. You can be absent for weeks like I was or even just sit there and do work for other classes and get an A because he picks tests questions that students submit.
he cannot explain stuff clearly. you have to ask him for clarification several times. if you study the exam questions, you should do well.
Prof. Murphy is not a very approachable guy. He acts like you should already know what you are supposed to do. The material is easy SAL programming at first, but once you get into MAL and TAL then it's all downhill from there...haha. His tests seemed okay to me, but man does this guy grade tough! If you slack off in his class, you wont pass.
Expect no coherent notes to be posted on the board. Jumps around a lot. Assigns simple hi level language programs, but are tedious/ time consuming. Exams can be tough - he grades hard. Expect NO grace on his grading. take his 321 as last resort.
Okie. fair grading, helpful, one of thebest teacher in CS department.
Somewhat hard to understand her English and she would talk very slow. I didn't really get anything out of her long boring lectures. I learned everything from the book. I can't recommend her.
This teacher is really pathetic. She is never available to her students via the email. She reads directly from one textbook and does not even talk about the other textbook. Then she expects us to be accountable for the material in the book that she does not even lecture out of. This teacher had no control over her class.
This class is so boring. If you get stuck on a lab, dont bother asking her for help the person next to you is more likely to know what to do. Didnt go to class during lectures, but went for labs. You just get your work done and that's about it. Easy but boring.
A total boring class, but an easy A. Show up to class. You don't need to buy the Fire book, there's only 1 question on the midterm and the final. Both tests are open note. She requires a five page paper, but it's pretty easy, try new technology.
Extremely boring. Struggles to connect with her audience. Reads the overhead slides in a soft, monotone voice.
Most boring lectures ever. Do the pre-lab during the lecture. Bring a pillow.
This guy has some serious communication problems. In fact he is so hard to communicate with you can't even ask him questions without him thinking your asking about something else. Wish I took someone else...
He has a heavy accent, but he is one of the most coolest teacher I have ever had. He is funny and he tries really hard to help his students. I got a B but I did have to work for it. He does give extra credit and is very lenient.
intense favortism! ****!
NO STAR FOR YOU!
DO NOT TAKE HIM.......
Not as good of a teacher as other people have said. Really hard to understand. Too old but very intelligent. You have to work hard on your own. He would confuse u. Doesn't review before the tests. Stuff on the final exam wasn't even explained to us.
meh, he was cool.
Extremely intelligent professor but underestimates students.
Alright I'' give this professor the benefit of the doubt, he's not all bad. I only say that because I took another professor for this course and she's 10x worse. This guy is confusing, but he cares. Trust me when I say I did bad on this class on my own. But he could tell that I really tried, and ended up giving me a passing grade.
As the class progressed I could feel my life juice fade away. Avoid this class if you can.
Accent too strong. 3 midterms. I failed all 3. If you get 50 or more on final then he pass you. However, the TA grades the midterms. He grades the final. He is harsh grader. Makes his own homework, can't google them. Notes hard to understand. No curve in this class. The class is like a bowling ball being thrown at you. Brace Yourself or Avoid him.
This class is really hard. The tests may be open book and open notes, but those are just there to give you comfort. In actuality, both these things won't help you if you didn't study beforehand. You need to dedicate a lot of time to this class. I recommend doing the reports instead of the tests because you can work on the reports for a long time.
Lots of work required for his class. He has professional-level expectations. Not a bad guy like how everyone complains. If you keep up with the material and genuinely have questions, he's available for help. Don't bother going the technical reports path unless you're an overachiever.
Not an easy class but not crazy hard either. Was about as hard as calc 2. No homework (optional homework, you should do it) lots of extra credit given in form of quizes and class participation. Tests are dammmm...As long as you study EVERYTHING, do all the homework and maybe more, and have some insight then the tests should be slightly alright
You must use the textbook and pay attention in class. She uses PowerPoint and lectures at the same time, so take notes during her lecture and print the presentation after. She likes having in-class discussions; make sure you do the readings and don't take what she says personally. You're graded by attendance, participation, 2 papers, and a test.
She is such a rude person. First day of classes she told us she doesn't care if we pass or fail its our responsibility. If your a history major, you will love her. She is very intelligent but expects you to know everything. Over all I wouldn't take this class.
Even while doing well in her class, I found that I dread going only because you spend n hour and a half in class taking notes at such a fast pace its hard to keep and then another three after trying to figure out what is important beneath all the useless information she gives. She freely admits its mostly useless information.
I took this class to fulfill my CCC's and I figured it would be like any other history class, but I was totally wrong. In our class she acts like we are supposed to know everything already and we're stupid and useless to the world if we don't. I dropped her class because I didn't understand anything she talked about and I'm not a stupid person.
Avoid classes with her. Talks to you like you know NOTHING and will berate you in class.
worst teacher at fredonia, avoid at all costs
Dropped out of her class after two weeks because I thought I was going to go into cardiac arrest in her classroom. Luckily the dept. let me switch to another teacher, but my friend wasn't as lucky. She is demanding, condescending, hard to understand, and EXTREMELY unrealistic with expectations.
I've heard from other students that she is vile. She is, make no mistake. Also I'm beginning to loose faith in Fredonia's history dept. as a whole. It seems that only two or three out of the whole department can teach history. The others just throw their intellect at you, expecting you to submit to their 'superior knowledge.'
Very smart, has a lot to teach. Grades pretty tough, but if you understand what she asks, you'll do fine. Problem is she isn't always clear, but she was very helpful to me with clarifying things. Never used my book, borrowed one for a few papers.
She is an incredibly hard grader, and prone to switching assignment requirements
Beware, you think you understand what the class material is, then BAM! the test comes & you realize that you had no clue. I asked alot of my classmates and they felt the same way. BTW, he was the professor on "The Real Gilligans Island" and he also wrote the textbook. I think that is why the tests were hard. He wrote the book, so he knew the stuff.
She is very inflexible. I had a good grade in her class the whole semester and when it came to our final assignment, she gave me a F for not listing examples from the class when that was not stated in the syllabus or the prompt. That plummeted my grade to a D-. Her lectures are useless, all she does is list quotes. Reading the book is a must
She is very inflexible. I had a good grad dinner her class and when it came to our final assignment she gave me a F for not listing examples from the class when that was not st
I believe that Amy is a kind person, but I would take another class for a GE requirement. To get an A I had to read literally every word of the textbook multiple times and memorize everything on the lecture. I love Soc so much, but this class kinda ruined it for me. Her lectures were not relevant to the material and exams have random/specific qs.
Wong wont allow you to see your wrong test answers. That is really hard because how are you going to improve if you do not know what you did wrong? She claims to "not have enough time to show every student their mistakes," yet also has stated multiple times that she "travels at least once a month." Thats a lot of time for "not having enough time"
I am very good with teachers and professors, but with professor Wong, it is complicated. I hate her way of grading, I believe it is unfair. She tries too hard to be funny, so I do not understand why people say she is hilarious. She is nice, however, she seems like a robot with a computer for a brain. I am passing the class, but I still hate it.
Good teacher, but really hard class. Very intimidating. LOTS of test material from the book and some from lecture. GO to class. She discusses things that aren't in the book. Tests are hard. You have to REALLY understand what you're reading and the questions are worded in ways that are hard to understand. 5 exams plus a final. HARD CLASS. Good luck.
While she is greatly passionate about sociology, she lacks in teaching. I enjoyed her class in the beginning, but gradually lost interest. Her lectures were only a small part of what to expect on the test. No study guides so it's basically up to you to READ the book &study just about everything because she'll ask just about anything on the exams.
she is very monotonous. her lectures are long. she tries to be funny but isnt. chapters in the book are terribly long. bad attendance policy. not very understanding about the policy. READ UP. the lectures aren't worth it. TOO MANY STATS
WHAT ARE YOU ALL TALKING ABOUT? SHE WAS A HORRIBLE TEACHER, EVERYDAY I WENT TO THIS CLASS I WOULD HAVE RATHER KILLED MY SELF BECAUSE OF HOW BORING SHE IS. SHE GIVES THE MOST FRUSTRATING LECTURES EVER. IF YOU TAKE THIS CLASS YOU BETTER LIKE TO HEAR THINGS REPEATED A MILLION TIMES. SORRY IF YOU DO.
She's nice, and very interesting, I like her class and like going however I too have a problem with her attendence policy, some people have hard semesters in their personal life and she needs a little more understanding that I couldn't make it to class all the time
She overall was okay, but I do have a big problem with her attendence policies. I had back problems and was unable to make to 6 classes all semester and she lowered my grade from an A- to a C. Since, I was graduating I didn't really care, but watch out she does have alot of bad days.
very monotonous, tests were TOO hard even if one studied a lot
Drop this class if you know what's best for you.
2 Exams full 8 page essays closed book in class timed. reading = life. If you fail he will work with you if you talk to him. Show significant improvement on the final and he will boost your grade just enough to pass (bye GPA). Wouldn't recommend this professor unless your other classes are easy this one will take all your time.
Corlett's teaching style is a mix of conservative and by the books. While the topics/questions asked in class were great for discussion, I spent most of the time trying to copy enough notes to study. I also spent a lot of time outside of class trying to memorize the book and notes word for word for 2 exams. Overall wish I couldve gained more.
Doable. Attendance not necessary. Grade midterm + final, which each consist of 2 in-class essays (min 8 pages each). If you want an A, you must read all 3 books and cite them in your essays. His humor gets old; I'd rather learn about religion than his stories/jokes. 1/2 the class focuses on his material, which I would say is disproportionate.
Spends most of the class trying to validate his opinions, tests are heavily based on the readings and are usually fair. The crassness, while at first amusing, wears off fast, especially when he goes into his Mary Sue anecdotes. He's willing to help you understand his argumentslessons, but personally, I found his personality insufferable.
A legend in his own mind.
I have to agree with everyone here, he spends WAY too much time telling embellished stories about himself. He lets you use the textbooks on the tests though, but I think it is just a way to force you to buy his 3 books.
Interested in becoming a philosopher? Not after taking this class you won't be. His jokes are not funny, he tries so hard to be the "cool guy" and fails miserably. If you want an easy GE, steer clear of this guy.
Tests are rediculously hard. Waste of time class. Spends the lectures cussing and not explaining. Tests have misleading words. Terrible class.
this class is long and boring....he talks non stop about random**** and ive never heard a professor say the word **** more in my life! hes funny at times but thats the only good thing. his tests are hard and he tries to trick you read the questions over multiple times if you want to get it right.
I flunked his phil of law big time. I went on to law school and I swear to god nothing you'll see there will be as hard as what he'll put you through. Don't take his class if you can't really devote some time to it. Its interesting stuff, but don't think you can wing it on the paper, the way I did. You'll be sorely disappointed.
Great class if you don't like strong opinions. Kind of offensive, but seems to know what he's talking about. I took his class and got an A-. Just read, and he gives you the questions to the quizzes. All the quizzes are blue book.
Initially amusing, then annoying. Teaches mostly his own writings, which aren't the most interesting topics. Often offensive.
terrible
I dreaded this class. 2 hours and 40 minutes with him is waay to long. He'll waste class and tell stories the whole time and you never get to be let out early! His tests were hard. Only 4 of them but if you don't do well on 2 your grade will be bad. He thinks he's funny and ****in cusses haha
UNJUST and UNFAIR. Do NOT take this teacher! Don't let his hip attitude fool you! Class is a joke. Gives test questions that contradict each other and won't even admit doing it when the whole class is standing in front of him in confusion. Do yourself a favor and pick a different teacher.
Corlett has his moments of humor but many times, they're annoying spouts of digression. HIS TESTS ARE COMPLETELY UNREASONABLE. Save the stress, don't take Corlett.
The hardest class I've taken so far at State! All tests are essay...if you do bad on one don't hope to make it up...funny guy but class was hard as hell! DON'T TAKE THIS PROFESSOR.
Prides himself on giving kids low grades even if you try your hardest. He'll lower your grade for no reason. AVOID this teacher, because 101 is doing the same readings and tests as the 500 class. RUN
shure the stuff he talks about is interesting. But there is no way this class is worth taking. WAY TOOO HARD! I have a 3.6 GPA and i might NOT PASS this class. The exams suck!
The worst teacher at San Diego State, he is very rude, arrogant and thinks he is a lot smarter then he truly is. Tests are ridiculous, and my calculus class was a breeze compared to this one.
interesting guy but i had to withdraw because i couldnt memorize the book
very difficult
need to memorize a llot for tests, but he is funny
Not difficult, lecture quizzes are not graded (they do have passwords, so make some friends to divide who goes to class each week). Labs are fun, lectures are completely useless (he is never on topic). Tests are simple, homework takes a while but is not graded on accuracy. Lab quiz questions come straight from lab book.
BG is an amazing guy very funny. However, he is very unaccommodating he will not answer your emails after the first month of school and is quite unorganized. This class has changed a lot since the prior year adding a lot more chemistry and a lot less learning about the environment but the labs are very fun.
this man never shuts up about his stupid personal life and does not take any time to explain concepts and dodges questions about the actual material. the quizzes are easy but he did literally nothing to help me pass them he just yaps on about how you won't get into med school
By far the worst professor I've had. His whole class is so unorganized, and his syllabus gives me a headache. He's also extremely rude, passive-aggressive, and sassy for no reason to his students. Like hello? We're all just trying to learn here, just cut the attitude. His classes have absolutely no form.
he is brilliant and updates his study guides often. helped me through mcat studying. Updating the study guides helped me with self-discipline and studying more efficiently. def recommend!
Lectures hard to follow, pretty rude in office hours. You understand the material with his study guides, which are nearly identical to the exam he gives you, but he doesn't give you the answers, and you have to look for them in his disorganized lectures/google. 95-100 is an A which is pretty ass, no drops, no curve. But Rohini Qamra was lit.
Was continually disappointed by his lectures. He does yell a lot and insults people, but as someone mentioned he's a softie, you can see that he means well. At first I liked him, but I learned almost nothing from lecture cause of his rambling; he goes off on a tangent with stories from his youthetc. Which is sad because he's obviously intelligent.
He comes off as intimidating at first, because he tends to yell and make fun of his students. But I think on the inside he's an extremely nice man that wants you to do well. He is a very fair grader. Answer his study guide questions and memorize them word for word. That's all you need to get an A, because his exams are exactly the same.
Man, what a piece of work. Never in my entire life have I been so consistently disrespected and insulted for absolutely no reason. Professor Goldberg has issues (a lot of them) and he generally takes them out on his students. At the same time though, he's an amazing professor and presents an exceptionally interesting and well managed course.
I dont know about him as a professor, but why is this clown the advisor/director of the chem department? They could have at least found someone who doesn't rage and throw books at students who come in asking for help.
Can't believe that this kinda person is being called as a professor.. Worst communication skill, insulting students, and overwhelming narcissism.. ugh!
I don't know about him as a professor, but he's the director of the chem department and he's an absolute joke. Goldberg could care less about you if you're not a chem major. His attitude towards students in general is ridiculous. Why is he the chemistry advisor?
incredibly arrogant and pompous man. spends the majority of class time discussing himself and his own accomplishments. refers to himself in the third person and constantly talks about how the average person cannot comprehend science and that scientists 'want it that way'. class was easy though, posts lectures online, tests are straight from text.
While he is an engaging lecturer and sometimes amusing, he is often rude to students and is offensively arrogant. His testing methodology is inappropriate for the subject material and answers often depend on obscure terminology that doesn't appear in the text. Also, the test-grading process is entirely opaque. This was the hardest MAP course I took
its a pretty fun class that keeps you interested. exams are not that bad. if you read the book theres no reason why you shouldnt do well in this class.
His lectures are lengthy and dense, usually just reading from Tuckerman's notes. Homework is really long and difficult. Quizzes aren't hard if your TA does a review before you take them. I found the tests to be very difficult (others did not) and I somehow got an okay grade. He doesn't seem to actually enjoy teaching, often scolding students
Take advanced math (i.e. linear algebra, calc 3) if you intend on understanding 1/3 of what he puts in his lecture notes.
Tried to go into her class w an open mind but everything on this profile is true. Shes disrespectful, patronizing, has a fill in the blank style lecture & expects you to finish her sentences with terms and insults the class when we have no idea what shes getting at, her grading is ridiculous. Youll never know when hw is due. UA should fire her.
RUN RUN RUN! That is all I have to say. She clearly hates teaching. And I hate the math department for allowing her to teach. Poor attitude, poor speaker, lack of care, and unnecessarily picky grader.
Zero empathy for students. Students who do homework grades- 1/16 Kids who don't do homework grades: 0/16. Oh but don't worry, she curves homework 10% to make up for it! Wait, that takes my hw grade from 6% to like 17%. All because she picks it apart for notation. Tests are "fair game material" but quite difficult
She is very boring. Her exam is harder than others. Do not take it!
She is a terrible teachers, she's too picky with her answers and she doesn't elaborate on what she wants. The only good thing is if you do well on here tests the final will be a breeze. her tests and projects are graded way more rigorously, i was very well prepared for the final. but you have to study on your own a lot
Smith is nice although she seems scary at first. Histogram assignment at the beginning is impossible. Take notes and make an effort. She'll try to help you but is sometimes unclear. Never use textbook but get WileyPlus hw all the time which is only 10 problems but sucks. Group projects are easy. Exams are hard if you don't get the class material.
Prf. Smith does skip steps in the lecture, assuming strong student understanding of concepts from prerequisite classes. She can sound condescending when asked questions, but is more personable at office hours. Lecture examples are insufficient for fully understanding her hmwk and test questions. Best of the 3 Cal Profs I've had. Work w/others.
The worst teacher ever to step into a classroom. Extremely rude and completely lost from reality
She is tough but if you show effort she notices.
Although she's hard to warm up to, she's bearable. This class isn't too hard, but it's not as easy as most would expect. Just participate in class and do the homework and you should be fine.
I took this class in High School and received an A the year before college, so the stuff was fresh in my head. Smith just makes things so complicated and confusing. In her notes you write more english than math. The stuff she stressed in class wasn't even on some of the quizzes and tests. Do not take her as a teacher. Make life easier on yourself.
It's a difficult class no matter what professor you have, but Deirdre is one of the most difficult, make sure you try hard during the first half of the semester because the second half gets pretty tricky
horibble teacher! she repeats herself in class every day and will always find somthing wrong with your test.
Tests are a bit wordy, but if you are in to teaching youself, have fun!! And when you ask a question, she makes it seem like you are kind of stupid. Just use common sense inher class, and all the homework you do, she only grades a fraction of it!
She's not exceptionally helpful with the correspondence course.
Philosophy is hard enough; his very dry lectures don't help. He's quite verbal but it comes across as fancy word salad more than clearly stated ideas. If you have to take his class, do the reading before each lecture!! Then ask questions: not open-ended ones, but restate your understanding of the material & ask if you have the right idea
very unorganized
does she think we think she knows what she's talking about? c'mon
Has a very "my way or the highway" type of aura. Have not experienced such an anal prof before.
Reza is a very nice person. He is very passionate about what he does and he has a good perspective on the world and clearly knows a lot about economics. Nevertheless he is very hard to follow as a lecturer and as a professor and he has high standards. It is not unusual to fail one of his exams but he grades on a curve which helps
Reza always gives you the pep talk at the beginning of class, but it is about 15 minutes of him telling you how you could work a little harder, or that you don't need to memorize, just know what is going on. He is pretty confusing if you do not know anything of the subject. He's willing to help, but when you go to his office, he doesnt clarify much
He was very hard to understand sometimes and was always yelling. He shouts a lot and if no one in class answers (which is usually the case) he will continue to ask again and again until someone does. He is a nice person, but even going to his office didn't help me and I have taken micro-econ before. Very difficult grader.
He is a very enthusiastic teacher and loves what he does, but he is very difficult. Even going to see him in his office doesn't always help and some of the tests have things on them that we went over very briefly rather than 3 times like other things.
Taught in Java. He seems knowledgeable but not that good at teaching. I mostly learned on my own. Small quizzes every lecture. Many people left class after the quiz. 600 char summaries on videos due the day before the lecture. No exams, so do good on assignments and start early since they are the bulk of your grade. No extra credit or late work.
Very strict on deadlines, DOES NOT ACCEPT LATE WORK PERIOD. Do not even try to make excuses with him, he will not accept late submissions. NO EXTRA CREDIT OR REDOS. Do good on your summaries 25%, quizzes 25%, and homework assignments 50%. 2 summaries, 2 quizzes per week, 1 homework assignment per week. Lab is optional. TA grades your hw assignment
The homework was extremely hard for an introductory class. We went from hello word in the first week to calculating compound interest on a 10-year car loan by the 4th week. No extra credit, and NO late work at all. The class went from 280 students in the first week to 130 as of now. Seems like a nice guy, but this is a really tough class.
Rough for 111
This class is built to be taken twice. He'll tell you in the first class that most people fail their first time through and I definitely understand why. He waits until after assignments are due to fully explain the concepts, and the grading is so harsh I sometimes get marked off for the same thing twice, or even three times once.
The course assignments/quizzes were pretty inconsistent in terms of what we were tested on. There was 10 questions assignments with some questions requiring some computational evaluation, that takes up a good chunk of your quiz time. This course does not teach application of the teaching concepts very well.
I found it so rude how he would show up and end most of his lectures/labs 15+ minutes late. The fact that my lab ended (or was supposed to end) at 8:45pm made it dangerous. Grading criteria is vague, and if you dont ask question you'll struggle. C/C++ can be difficult to grasp, but its not nearly as difficult as he makes it out to be.
Makes things unnecessarily confusing. Seems to be the type that takes pride in being a "difficult" instructor. No slides, only confusing and messy chalkboard stuff, sometimes doesn't even know what he is talking about , so be careful not to get lost when following him down the rabbit hole of pointer tracing. Nice guy though outside of class.
If you think using Hegelian philosophy and obscure Russian psychology in anyway relates to HCI, then maybe you'll enjoy this class. Others (like me) will find it pretentious and pedantic, and a total waste of time. Though, the class is easy -- just do the work. Suthers makes you write a lot (but he'll probably be too busy to seriously read it).
ok
People below that gave him awful grades obviously just didn't put in the work. I knew nothing about programming coming into it and got a B. He will definitely challenge you and make you go to the book before answering your question, but I didn't think he was too bad.
He knows some stuff about programming, but I do not recommend him, because of his style of teaching (that takes forever, and if you know about computers the class is boring) and his style of grading assignments. If you think you can do the all work, you can take him, and skip his classes .
Teaches class as if he's teaching middle school children. If you already understand the material, don't expect him to keep you interested in class.
Goes way to fast, and doesn't talk about present material, goes on and on about stuff from 3 chapters from now.
BOMBS!
New, doesn't explain things very well (yet?), but she's nice. Has potential.
Well liked by art students. Taking this class as an elective was a big mistake. He gave me tough grades when I was working hard, my worst grade at St Mike's this class a D. Also had the impression he didn't like my Boston accent not understanding discussing final grades. He needs to listen more towards all walk of students not just art majors.
JPC was a great guy and truly a good person. Class was fun and interesting but i didnt learn ANYTHING. His notes are impossible to follow and he is incredibly unorganized. Overall, i would not recommend taking him unless you want to just zone out for 4 months
he is very boring. he knows his stuff, but its all irrevelant in his class. very nice guy and will do anything to help. extremely easy to talk to. EASY GRADER
I have never hated a class as much mine with Bolduc. He is pompous to an almost intolerable point. If you are sheltered and want to be spoon-fed statistics about poverty, while he attempts to make you feel bad that you are a.) white or b.) in college, then take a class with him. Guilt should not be motivation for change.
I took her for bio 100 and I don't think she remembered it was a 100 level course. Easily the hardest 100 entry level course I have taken here at Truman. Labs can be confusing at times but aren't all that bad, her tests on the other hand are very very difficult I have yet to find someone in my class who really enjoys bio. Don't take! this class!
Horrid. Extremely rude and abrupt. I came down with mono and she was awful about it. I ended up withdrawing due to the fact she was so unhelpful after I'd been sick for a month.
DON'T BUY THE BOOK! I wasted $150 and never opened it once. All you need to know you can get from her online lecture notes. Tests go very in depth, so you have to memorize pretty much everything, and there's a lot of material. Difficult but not impossible. She's a really good teacher.
Dr. Mitchell is a decent professor overall. She puts lectures on BlackBoard, be sure to print those off because you need to make sure to write down examples that she gives in class. Her tests are pretty much all application and critique, so be prepared for that. DO THE STUDY GUIDES AND PRACTICE TESTS! She made me feel dumb when I asked for help tho
Hes okay. Expectations were clarified well. He spends class name dropping and expecting everyone to have read everything he has read. In presentations, he stops people in the middle of talking to say he doesnt agree or that something is wrong, questioning the presenter if they actually researched. He doesnt use technology at all.
Ugh, he's very opinionated and wants you to stay what he wants you to say. Other outlooks aren't accepted.
Nuclear Weaponry. Subject is interesting, but heavily based on an understanding of science, which is not my forte. I was very lost in the class and struggled with the readings. He helped me when I asked for it (though he wasn't very clear), but I got the distinct impression that he'd given up on me as a student. Bad class for me, personally.
Incredibly boring class in which students "lead" discussion every day, but Mielke dominates it. The textbook is very boring and is just short excerpts of early American lit; you won't read any novels or anything that takes more than a day to read. He doesn't use Blackboard and hates email, so I didn't know my grade until after the semester was over
Fun while staying on topic, sketchy assignments, good guy all around. Definitely knowledgeable and knows how to explain things.
I got A's on everything but a B in the class. He would never explain to me how. His opinion was the only one that mattered. Interesting, but a jerk.
Talking about Talking means you're listening that's it
Shapiro is extremely blunt to the point of being rude. She does not seem to care about the students' success. If you are knowledgable about linguistics you will probably receive an A or B due to only being tested twice. Do the homework! Don't take her comments personally or you will end up hating yourself..
Wow, this class was really hard. I wish I would have taken it with Ball or one of the other professors. You have a group project throughout the entire semester, so if you're stuck in a bad group, that's just bad luck. Also, her tests are extremely difficult. She gives you past copies, but don't expect them to be anything like the real one.
Shapiro knows Linguistics. She teaches you how it is, doing a good job. But she has a difficult time translating it down to our level because she's used to graduate students. Not really approachable, a lot of reading on your own time. But you need to take this course - so what can you do?
Very intense professor and I would wholeheartedly recommend avoiding her unless you are a huge linguistics nerd and are willing to lap up every single word she says. If you're even semi-uninterested and don't have the exact same intensity she has, you will hate your class.
We barely spoke French at all in my class, which I found disappointing. He's very awkward; he doesn't talk much and he walks out of class a lot. Native French speaker, which is cool. He never posts grades though, and is highly impersonal. A really weird class overall.
Camara isn't passionate about this class. Class is mostly reading aloud. We wrote some papers, but he seems to hand out As and Bs. Easy grader but doesn't give much feedback. Had very unclear grading criteria and relied on students to tell him due dates, test dates, and which page we left off on. Disorganized, unclear, and extremely impersonal.
Professor Camara is a nice guy, but the class is not well laid out. You don't learn a lot if you have taken previous French, but he is very helpful. It was neat to have a native French speaker, but sometimes I think things were lost in translation.
I found his class to be a very good experience because his native language is french. He was not always clear in his teachings and it is sometimes hard to ask him questions because I feel he didn't understand the questions at times. He also mumbles a lot. But overall, I enjoyed his class and I thie person.
Fren grammar/phonology: I found Samara nice and willing to help- if I made a sincere effort to get help. He let me off really easy on my grade in this class though. I had not taken French for a year and it was hard because we did ALL the tenses. I liked the phonology part a lot. He is a very interesting person, and I think he has a lot going on.
Alright professor. Terrible person. Has no sense of empathy. Two weeks of class are spent watching movies. Dismisses class 5-10 min early on most days. Tests are not bad if u study a bit. But he does not even allow university-excused absences. Unclear syllabus and unclear expectations.
I really liked this professor. I had no prior French experience and I got an easy A. Yeah, he mumbles a bit and his English isn't great, but he's a really nice guy and willing to try to help you if you ask. He basically gives you the test in advance and there's not much homework. He is a little intimidating, but I definitely recommend him.
Doesn't explain things well and doesn't understand why students can't speak french as well as he can. Really intimidating guy. Scared the crap out of me. Kind of easy class, though because he tells you exactly what's on the test.
He doesn't speak English very well and he knows that. He tells you exactly what to study before the tests. If you don't know any french before taking the class you may have some trouble, otherwise its a pretty easy class. Also he's a real nice guy.
He gave us all the questions on the test beforehand, so that was good, but otherwise, he doesn't seem to like teaching French Lit. Hardly any outside work, lets class out early, but he flat-out doesn't seem to care. One of the most impersonal profs I've ever had. And yeah, he mumbles.
Speaks quietly. Sometimes isn't good at explaining things, but always tells you what will be on his tests
sometimes has a tough time explaining things
Doesn't even wait for you to finish a sentence before he tells you you are wrong, even if you have a good thought to back up your claim. Also, even if your argument in discussion is well backed up, he will always find one flaw and make you feel incompetent. Always felt stupid to him even though I often did research after class to find I was right.
Dr. Benevento only wants you to parrot his own beliefs. The literature he chose was full of domestic and sexual violence, and when we tried to have bigger conversations about it, he shut us down. The midterm and final were excessive for a 300 level class, and he's a super harsh grader. I was looking forward to this class, but it just left me angry.
His handwriting is so horrible! omg! I can't tell what he thinks of my work.
She always gives off a vibe that she thinks she is better than her students. You have to seriously study for this class, and the books are inconsistent with each other. She also typically moves on before someone can ask a question, and she usually won't go back to it. Overall, I do not like her, and I would not recommend her.
Expected WAY TOO MUCH for a 100 level class. She's a good teacher for Latin but she is terribly for beginning Greek unless you spend a minimum of 7 hours a week on her homework. Completely unreasonable.
booooo
She is so disorganized. She is smart and I can tell she cares about what she is teaching but there is no sense of objectives in each class. Most days we popcorn read stuff that we read the day before. She can get easily frustrated at students when they arent reading along with the class. You can get through the class but it wont be a good time.
Dr. Ahmad is a chaotic professor. She didn't know what she wanted us to get out of the class, and it was very obvious. Every class time we talked in groups about the readings. She made us give her our phone numbers and set up meetings with us very late in the evening. During our final class, we spent two hours watching music videos.
Be prepared to show up to class and get called on. She does not stop talking in circles, but randomly she will call on people to ask their thoughts. She will assign essays whenever she feels like it, but it is only like 3 times a semester. She is a sweet lady and cares about her students. So, if you want a good grade show up and have a comment.
Honestly she was a really nice lady, but her class is so confusing and heavy of group discussion with little to no explanation. Reads off of PowerPoint and the book selection is pretty boring. She even picked a book she never read and we hated it. The essays and projects are easy but the class was disappointing.
Ahmad wasn't the worst professor I've had, but definitely not my favorite. She's super indecisive and constantly changes her mind on what she wants on assignments. The class consisted of reading short stories and writing about them. The final paper was a research paper that had to be 10 pages, and she gave no insight into what she was looking for.
Dr. Ahmad is one of those professors who give decent grades to the people in the class that she likes. If you participate in class from the get go, you have a chance of getting an A, but that means that you have to participate EVERY SINGLE CLASS PERIOD. She does cancel classes the day before breaks so at least that's good.
Dr. Ahmad is a nice lady, but she is nearly impossible to follow. She is very confusing and her lectures are full of tangents. She struggles with technology, which can be extremely frustrating at times. Her accent is strong, so if you struggle with understanding accents, this is not the class for you. The lectures are also not very helpful. Don't.
Dr. Ahmad is such a cute lady, but she has such a hard time getting her point across. Her lectures are very hard to follow and she expects you to know every small detail about Shakespeare. Like her as a person, not a professor.
I have a lot of respect for Dr. Ahmad as a person, but as a professor, she's ruining my semester. She is friendly and helpful, but also a very stressful person. She assigns tons of work, like daily paragraphs due on the same day as long papers, and changes due dates frequently. Her disorganization makes for an extremely tough class.
She's a very nice lady and she helps improve your writing, but I didn't learn anything in this class. Also, she's the only literature professor to give an actual final over EVERY BOOK we've read. If you can, I would avoid her at all costs.
this class is pretty easy, except for the lectures. she is really big on group discussions, which is good, but she asks irrelevant questions. 3 page essays every other week, but theyre really easy. not suggested if you cannot deal with accents
She changed the syllabus almost everyday we came in, so we never knew what to do or expect. She'd get upset when we didn't read our material, but we couldn't read our material because we never knew what material to read! She drove us absolutely crazy! But one thing I did like about her was that if you had a problem and didn't agree with her, she'd think about it and apologize later if she was wrong.
She is a super nice lady. When you get past the accent she's pretty easy to understand. We talk about a lot of things that don't apply to class. if she likes you, you will do well.
Ok ok, she may be a nice lady, but damn she has no clue what she wants from her students. She never gives accurate due dates (which can be beneficial) and she does not know how to speak the English language. Other than that, what a nice lady.
If you can get past her Indian accent you are golden, she's a great lady
I agree with most of these reviews. Her class was.... awful. Ive never experienced such high anxiety for a class before, and it made me lose my interest in French. I cried after class once because I felt so embarrassed when I didnt know an answer (she will call on you randomly). I had no idea what was going on and she was so passive aggressive.
She means well, but she's kind of a kook. She gets upset if you leave class to go to pee too often, which I get she thinks it's disrespectful & that people don't care about her class, but her class was at a time of day when I always had to pee. You can learn from her, but there's so much else going on with her, it's hard to focus on learning.
participate in class and thats impossible if you don't do the homework. the more creative you are with your responses to her, the more she likes you. shes impatient with people who are still trying to understand the material though, so if you don't know what shes talking about in class, use your laptop and figure it out asap before she calls on you
Her class was awful. Tests are not the problem- they're long but fair. The problem is her complete unwillingness to teach in class. We are expected to do all of the learning from the textbook on our own, and class time is spent only going over examples have and talking about our weekends. We were also at least a chapter behind all semester.
She is a wonderfully nice person but an awful professor. Her accent makes it hard to understand a lot in French or English. Very disorganized (so note taking is impossible unless you copy EVERYTHING she writes), would tell different classes different things, what we learned in terms of content was all over the place. Also tutors were bad as well.
Dr. McLane-Iles is one of those professors who is very nice outside of class, but is not a very good teacher. There was a lot of pointless homework and tedious copying down of notes in class. I don't think the class was particularly hard, but I am fairly good at French. If you struggle with it, avoid this professor.
Although Madame McLane-Iles is obviously passionate about her work, I found it very hard to work through her class. The material itself isn't very difficult, but her lessons sometimes get off topic. You are also supposed to take notes on everything she says, so the useless stuff can make studying difficult. Take her only if you are very organized.
She is a very nice person in general, but her teaching style can be tough. Do not take her if you don't enjoy being forced to speak in class or imitated by the way you sit. She is not the prof to take if you don't enjoy discussions, because she forces them. She is very helpful one-on-one, but I would not recommend her.
This professor killed my love of the French language. I was "functionally fluent" (I knew quite a bit) in the language, but she taught me absolutely nothing and had a TON of outside readings. If you don't go to the peer tutor sessions, you will most likely learn nothing in this class. Take a different professor if at all possible!
If you have to take her, do not schedule another class after it. You will never be on time. You will learn a lot in her class, but will have to work way too hard to learn it. She is a very nice woman, but an overly difficult professor. Also, be prepared for a lot of out-of-class homework. Too much, in my opinion.
she stinks, she loses her train of thought so easily
Hoeschele is opinionated and will always make sure he has the last word. The readings are boring but he's knowledgeable and will make sure you understand what's going on. You do a partner discussion leadership project for one of the readings, a 10-15 page term paper over anything you want, and then a presentation over that term paper in class.
Dr. H is a strange dude. His classes are really boring and he pronounces a lot of words incorrectly, a lot of words. At first it's funny, but eventually it just pisses you off. Don't take this class. It may be easy, but it's not fun. He's a nice guy, but avoid this if it's not your major
His class is 100% lecture based, I have never opened a textbook. There are only 3 assignments and 1 test besided the final which means there is not a lot of room to screw up. There are not a lot of points so you have to be in class to get the notes otherwise the tests are impossible.
three assignments all class. two tests. be responsible and take care of the assignments. tests extremely hard and don't know what to expect. not impossible, but difficult. says "um" because he's from germany. at least he doesn't have an accent. who cares about him saying "um"
Extremely BORING!!! If you can actually pay attention to the lectures, you shouldnt have a problem, but good luck accomplishing this task. Its nice that he doesnt have many assignments though.
No people skills, very boring.
She knows her stuff, but she goes off on tangents that confuses me. She also assumes that you've read non-required readings before (like other poems) and starts to talk about how they relate to the days reading. Also, doesn't tells what the paper is about until a week before it's due.
Although it is true that Dr. Delmonico is eccentric and disorganized, this doesn't at all affect a student's ability to enjoy or learn from her class. She is smart, kind, and well-prepared for each class session and although she is a little long winded she LOVES her subject and will do anything to help you love it too.
You need to keep up on reading for this class. Its not that hard. Just put some effort into your presentations and paper and you will do fine.
Professor Delmonico is an easy grader, but is extremely vague in her assignments. I never really knew what she expected. The word load is pretty light, though- just five essays and some readings that are never really discussed in class.
Kind, sweet, and loveable, but tangential and scatterbrained. She has an adorable sense of humor, but you will never know because she lectures in whispered ramblings. Knows her stuff in terms of folklore, keeps up with scholarly research, and really cares about what she teaches. Easy A. Drink some coffee before class.
She's a very nice lady, a little quirky, but nice. If you just show up and sort of make an effort, you'll get an A.
She's always late to class, disorganized. Grade is based off several components like group projects, random quizzes, papers, tests, and an individual project. None of these are very hard if you know the material tho. She's enthusiastic about the subject and classes went by quickly. Mainly group discussion
She's a very nice person, but she's extremely disorganized and the class lectures are fairly pointless. I wouldn't bother going to class if it weren't for the pop quizzes. She's a fairly easy grader, so her class isn't hard, just kind of boring.
Here's the deal, if you really enjoy discussions about strange fantasy worlds and things that are not based in any logic, take her it will be fun. Once you throw in logic, you will be lost. Sort of a nice lady till you get on her bad side. She really hated my writing, but in my English class, the teacher really enjoyed it...weird.
I had her for British Literature: Renaissance, and it was good that she is very into her subject, but she is SO absentminded. Always keeps five minutes after class at least, especially if people aren't talkative. Overall, I liked her vigor, but she has bad taste in readings...and a creepy love of Milton.
She is very knowledgeable about her subject and the workload was average. I thought she was a fair grader (but make sure you cite sources very carefully). However, I didn't enjoy the class. She takes the subject very seriously and was oblivious to the fact that her students didn't. I wouldn't recommend her.
Shakespeare: Assigns memorization, but doesn't keep a record of who's ready to recite--she also assigns days unfairly (ex: Friday kids had to recite more often than anyone else). Very knowledgeable, but quirky and often boring. Tests are ridiculous--why should I know how old Shakespeare would be in 2008 if still alive? AVOID.
She's flighty, eccentric (not in the good way), and obsessed with India. This is fine, but she incorporated it way too much in a Brit Lit class. I don't recommend her.
Intro to mgmt: Easy peasy class as long as you participate and are confident. Wright himself is no help and doesn't return your work back.... No way to know how well you're doing.
took his class twice dropped it mid way once and once in 2 weeks .and i am going to take it again ...can u guess who i am?
Definitely one of the best teachers I've ever had. He has such a unique way of teaching.
Only talks about himself. I had a long grade dispute with this fellow..
Roger is a real nice guy but I didn't get a whole lot of out of this class. May be the easiest college course I have ever taken
Worst DE course ever!
a) I can't believe they let this guy teach 101. b) I have NEVER and I mean NEVER had a prof who is this disrespectful, disorganized and not accountable for his behaviour. I have been personally offended by his lack of respect for his students, and i strongly urge you to consider other classes. Seriously.
Fell asleep during the sleep deprivation class
he's alright
Boring, boring, boring
very boring class and unclear grading made for a difficult and long semester.
Oh where to start.Classes were long and boring. Phil was a character but often didn't make sense. Not too many assignments but then again our class was behind by about a month.
Not a fun class to be a part of. Do not take unless you absolutely have too
SLOW DOWN!!
I've never had a class that actually, honestly, put me to sleep. Boring class. Horrible class.
Not an easy class. Part of his test is on his lecture which I could never stay awake for... because he is so boring. He has some ups and downs... cancells class a lot too. He's just ok.
He is a funny guy when you get his jokes. his tests are hard but his quiz's are easy. he doesnt teach from the book but he will talk about anything. i recomend him if you like to do work without help.
He's alright of a professor. He gives a lot of extra credit cause it brings your grade up a letter. The majority of the tests come from the book,there are about 10 questions on the tests from lecture, so my advice is to read the book.
tests were hard because there were questions with mult. answers possible. bonus quizes were given which helped. lectures weren't on the material for tests. he does take attendence like we're in elementary school. not very helpful when you go see him.
This guy does wear the same outfit every day!! But his class isn't bad. He does take attendance, but you can have a friend sign in for u. He never talks about whats on the test, which i think is why he takes attendance! Just read the book!!
Not a very good teacher and doesn't lecuture from the book. However, the test comes from the book. So find another teacher for this course.
The class is very easy but he is a troll - kicked my class out once too
Ill--mannered,obnoxious young woman who needs to learn to respect her elders and curb her attitude. What's up with the Morticia Addams black lipstick, worn with Preppie tent dresses? Bottom line - she's mouthy and unprofessional.
Not sure what she was doing a couple of years ago that she isn't doing now. She's one of the most unprofessional women I have ever met. I wish that I could say something nice about her, but not even President Clinton could pull off a lie that big.
Great model for the classroom if I was suppose to learn how to be a crappy prof
weird grader on papers and is very closed minded about environmental ideas
This was a horrible class. I couldn't believe how closed minded BP was. The minute you had a difference of opinion it was over...way to teach college students the importance of listening to others.
BP seemed to want to be "friends" with all his students...heaven forbid you disagree with his viewpoint. He gave everyone a B+ at midterms b/c "nobody deserves an A when the whole work of the semester isn't completed yet..." what???????
Okay, so, heres the Deal on BP...Dont ever disagree with him, or he'll knock you right down. Be careful not to come into this class with an opionion, because he won't like that either. BP really belongs on stage, showing off his theatrical talents. No offese, but just say no to BP. :(
Her class is easy, but she makes no sense what so ever! She mumbles and talks really quiet. Doesn't have classroom authority at all. She'll give us a very vague topic to discuss amongst ourselves, but nobody's really sure what the topic was to begin with! Her examples are terrible.
Expects learning to occur by doing lots of group interactions. I took the class to hear the best and latest information not chit chatting with my peers. No updated technology. Memorization required, however you can take the test over many times. Forgetful and repeats stories, vague in lectures. Many are lost as to what is the point of the story.
DULL- Talks like a kindergarten teacher... talks about different learning styles, but uses lecture.
this class was dull and seemed a waste of time
Arrogant
He is a really hard instructor and there are only four grades in the class, three exams and a 10 page paper, so you have to do well on all of them to get a good grade in the class.
she's better off teaching in women's studies.
Biased towards jocks. If you are anything other than a jock or an attractive girl, then he's not that nice to you.
took his class for econometrics. this guy is pretentious. avoid if possible
quite full of himself needs less arrogance and more intelligence
Professor Pelter knows a lot about Germany and Berlin so it makes it difficult to get an objective opinion. He is very passionate but often goes off on tangents when he lectures. Papers not too hard. The lectures were rarely from the readings specifically and I lost interest often. Wish he would give us a clear overview before we started class.
Smartest man on earth, but not a good teacher. AVOID OFFICE HOURS AT ALL COSTS!!!! YOU WILL BE THERE FOR HOURS!!!
He is unclear, he rambles, and I don't feel like I've learned anything from him.
He sucks, IDM is easy thats why he has a high rating, take someone else for Thermo. He wastes soo much time... he also brings his feelings into the classroom, not very cool, look elsewhere
Extremely difficult, the course title accurately describes the class: World in Crisis; or better put by Dr. Durham, himself: Your World in Crisis. Very informative class, enjoyed it a lot despite its difficulty and depressing topic. Although I differed with him opinion-wise, he never marked my grade down due to a differing opinion.
Extremely left-wing- so much so that he believes he unbiased. Students grades are based on ideological sameness with his. Feels like a successful teacher when only 1 student recieves an A. Huge ego.
poli sci is his life. lectures jump all over. "don't believe a word he says"
Absolute worst class I have ever taken. This class made me realize how depressing the VCD major would be if I majored in it. My grade in this class was one of the lowest I had ever gotten here. If you love doing graphic design like I did this class will make you lose all respect for the art. Doug is not a very nice person and is not clear.
Klope is far from a bad guy. He's really enthusiastic about the stuff he teaches. The problem lies in that he's not a good teacher. Lectures aren't important but attendance is mandatory. Go to SLA. SLA is where you have spent your money. Lab is okay, a bit long at times though. Lab reports are just papers you follow exactly - no experimentation
He is the most unorganized person I have ever met. Long labs that he doesn't even know what to expect. He constantly leaves the room. His explanations are so unclear. Ask anyone on the 4th floor and they will tell you. The other professors know these things too, but hes been here awhile. He's a nice guy, but he needs to retire. Blunt, but true
Dude really knows his stuff but is not a very good teacher. Lectures are kind of difficult to understand. Get used to doing most of your learning on your own and from the book.
He's a really nice guy. His lectures are hard to understand and he speaks in monotone so its really easy to lose interest. He was lots of help in lab when I was having issues. Before taking the class I was excited and very interested in it and after the first lecture I almost completely lost my interest. He is very Disorganized on Ferris Connect
Horrible teacher, went off on tangent everyday , got lost all the time. SLA is what made me pass the class. To bad he teaches the first two classes of this program.
Nice guy, terrible prof. Lecture is a waste of time, you will learn everything in SLA (which you should go to). Difficult to apply what you learn in lecture to lab. Labs are can be hard and he doesn't help much in lab either. Tells stupids jokes that nobody laughs at. Grades ridiculously hard on labs. Quizzes and test are easy if you study.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR unless u enjoy retaking quizzes and tests over and over and over... His class is very unorganized and very unstructured... When the professor is asked a question he will start to answer the question and then a few seconds into the explanation he goes off on a long tangent talkng about a bunch of nothing.
He is a nice person, but not orginized and not very clear what he is looking for, takes too long to get grades back to students
Very smart, but very unorganized and confusing. He is rarely prepared for lecture or lab, and even then he usually has something to go back and fix. You almost have to have taken the course once already to understand his lectures. Very willing to help.
this guy is so math intinsive i hope you are a math wiz to understand this guy..........oh and to get on his good side ask about the game pit it is a card game he will tell you alla bout it. and don't take network anylisis cause he don't know crap
His lectures were a waste of time. He always had quizes that contained errors and he was really hard to get help from. If you take him dont bother with class just stay at home and read the book you will learn more.
I learned more from the STUDENT SLA teacher in one class period than I did this entire semester with this teacher.
Did not understand most of what he said. Spent one day with another teacher of same subject and learned more in those two hours than half a semester with Klope.
While she is a nice person. She is overrated by many people. The class is somewhat ridiculous and often off topic. She gives study guides though! However if you can't find something that will be on the test she won't help you because she "Said it in class."
Cool clothes and colored pencils don't make a good teacher. Humanities was so easy it made my head spin. Learned a little, i guess, though not much compared to other classes
agree with the other guy...I went to every class, pored over my notes in prep for the test, but a lot of his questions are over tiny details that are real hard to remember. Unless you have a flaming passion for rocks, grass, and water, skip this one
Super boring but if you show up to lecture and pay attention, its an easy A
Dr. Enelow is a very different professor, you either love him or hate him there really is no in between. He speaks in a monotone and walks back and forth down the aisle of the lecture hall, telling stories and giving the most minute details about the politicians of Texas Political History, while mostly boring he delivers some good one liners.
The class is pretty straight forward. You get 3 exams and there is a curve at the end of all the exams. His lectures are pretty long and boring and you don't necessarily have to be there in class. His exams are multiple choice and he has a review for them the class day before the exam.
Pretty boring class, long monotone lectures. Most people do not attend class and still pass, but I suggest you read.
Horrible. Do NOT take this class with him.
do not take him
MOST BORING CLASS, EVER! Tested on details from his lecture. Never knew what was going to be on the tests. Grade in class was based on 3 tests ONLY. Impossible to stay awake or pay attention for more than 3 minutes. Droning and monotone voice makes it SO hard to stay focused. He really does know his stuff and expects you to know it too.
Content is easy but the grading is terrible they have no idea what they are talking about. There are only exams and quizzes, all quizzes are pop quizzes and they have no leniency on anything or extra credit.
probably the most impossible grading system ever with no remorse for the students' grades
The course is based off one hundred points, and there is very little room for error to get a good grade. The assigned readings and lectures are also very dense, and the tests are very specific. The written portion of the exam is also graded harshly, and there is so much information you have to study to prepare for the exams.
Professor Nehring was clearly passionate about the subject matter but he goes on long rants about things he doesn't like about the reading or the person that wrote it and then never returns to the reading itself. It makes his lectures very hard to follow. Also he's a pretty tough grader, though he does let you edit them for a better grade.
We were graded on 3 take-home essays graded by the TA. The lectures were not helpful to attend. It was easier to attend discussion sessions for useful information and research the topics on our own after each exam was released. The prompts for the essays are all very similar, making the class easy but extremely boring.
Prof Nehring is nice and funny, but I really did not enjoy this class. His lectures are dense and unorganized to the point that it makes it difficult to learn. If you agree with all of his opinions, this class might be interesting and an easy A. If you have a different perspective, get ready to conform to his opinions or get bad grades.
I took his world literature class over summer and man oh man, I highly recommend not taking him if it's hard for you to tune into the actual content amidst irrelevant tangents. His lectures are incredibly boring and his writing prompts are confusing. I honestly had to teach most of the content to myself bc the lectures were so disorganized. beware.
Belabors the same points again and again. Lectures consist primarily of anecdotes repeated every week. Does not encourage discussion or participation, but prefers to hear himself talk. I remained enrolled in the class because the subject matter was promising, but his mediocre teaching made it irredeemable.
Philosophy of Science is potentially interesting, but Juhl makes it hard to grasp. Your full grade is based on two 3-5pg papers, and one 5-7 pg paper. Not too harsh of a grader so an A is pretty easy. However, His lectures are very scattered and hard to sit through. It's not a hard class to pass but if u actually wanna learn something, i'd avoid
Disorganised and a little bit boring. He cares about his subject but the lectures don't help at all, and the course content is too confused to be more than sporadically interesting.
THIS CLASS WAS SO HARD!!!! No matter how hard you work, it won't be enough. I would take practice exams and review them and go to tutoring and nothing helped. It's not about effort this class is a hit or miss and it's about luck!
I like him as a person, funny, makes the lectures interesting, but I don't know if it's just me but I had trouble understanding at times. His tests are SO wordy and specific and you have to read carefully and know the terminology. It makes them very difficult. Good thing is that he drops one exam. I probably wouldn't have taken the class if I knew.
Tests are ridiculously hard and specific. You don't have to go to class but you need to study old tests. He can sometimes go off on a tangent but he's a chill dude.
doesnt go over material in class that we are tested on. Very unclear explanations and boring class. Doesnt list office hours in syllabus
His tests are impossible. His powerpoints jump all over the place. This is supposed to have a lab, but he is not consistent with them. Quizzes every week and sometimes he lectures for the full 2 hours without a break. He is extremely boring. I wouldn't take this to fill your lab...take concepts of science.
two suggestions, like math and like doing physicsy kinds of labs. he stutters... alot. flys thru notes, so write fast. read over your book. tests questions come mostly from labs. not a class to have in the morning, will put you to sleep.
He isn't clear, he talks so fast, and he doesn't return your phone calls! His exams are near impossible no matter how hard you study. Coming to each class and asking questions definitely doesn't help you out at all.
Dr. B is very knowledgeable but he often devolves into long, shouty rants and tangents, to the point where it is often unintentionally hilarious. There will never be a dull moment in his class, for better or for worse. The class is very easy as long as you just show up and do the bare minimum of studying, though.
He reminds me of my uncle if my uncle went on a life-changing nature hike in his early 20's. Like he'd give you your first beer at 12 but if HIS kids did that, they'd be grounded for a month. He actively TRIES to trip you up. If you get a good grade, he accuses the class of cheating.
Dr. B is something else. You will certainly not be bored in his class, though that's not always a good thing. He often devolves into completely irrelevant tangents and life stories while taking ages to return to the topic at hand. If you show up and take notes, it's an easy A, though.
Class is very difficult, average exam grade was failing. Although attendance isn't taken, you will fail if you skip. He is very passionate and isn't afraid to yell to get you to listen to his rants. Textbook was purchased through inclusive access but never used. Getting an A requires an excessive amount of work for a 100-level rock studies course.
Dr. Burkhart was one to remember, and not for many good reasons. He would barely explain what he was teaching us and then blame us for not learning. We had many pointless emotion lead lectures instead of covering the course topics. Along with that, his tests were hard and he also assigned a huge suprise essay for the class before his final.
Dr. Burkhart's EGEO100 course is too difficult to do well in. No powerpoints, no d2l, no organization, hard exams. In class, he rants more about climate change than teaching material. Often, his emotional rants would make me feel uncomfortable. 10/10 Recommend taking biology or physics rather than EGEO100.
I never knew what would be on the next quiz, when the next worksheet would be due. He's very passionate about the environment and geology, but he strayed from the topic at hand very often, leaving me confused all the time. If you're a slow learner that sometimes struggles in the sciences, Burkhart might not be the best professor for you.
Dr. B is kind of a nut case. You won't learn anything in this class, you have to pay attention to very specific details in his lectures and assigned readings. He spend most of his time screaming and making you feel really bad about yourself, even if you're passing the class. I dread going to his class.
Majority of the time Burkhart just rants and yells about the same things. There's more ranting than actually material being taught. He focuses a lot on minute details from stories or movies instead of general understanding. He cares more about following directions. If you miss a class, you could have a quiz the next class on the stuff you missed.
He is a very unique professor. He mainly rants during class the entire time, often screaming and getting very mad out of no where. His tests and assignments don't make much sense, and are graded by pure memorization of the exact definition rather than a broad or comprehensive understanding. He is very very very passionate about our planet.
Dr. Burkhart's teaching style is extremely unique. He's funny but can get angry and go off on rants, however he does tie it together to make a point. He treats you like an adult but at the same time isn't clear on when assignments are due or quizzes are taken. My only problem is he spouts a lot of political talk but isn't as informed as he pretends
He has tons of outdoorsy stories to tell, but does not teach. If you have the time & effort to work extremely hard for your grade, this class is for you.....
It took me awhile to get used to the way he teaches. I started doing better toward the end of the semester. take notes, review your notes for pop quizes and take the class seriously. He puts on an act and STUDY.
Very knowledgable man. Should be out in the wild, chasing storms and observing volcanoes. Hard to study for his class.He will pull assignments out of thin air and does not have a proper syllabis. Very hard to be prepared for his class.
The man knows what he's talking about and cares a lot about it. He's intimidating - reminds me of Clint Eastwood. He doesn't take attendance but he gives pop quizzes once a week so it's important to go. Every video you watch is fair game on exams. CONTROL OF NATURE IS IMPORTANT!! Read it. He's not an easy A but you learn a lot.
he is ridiculous he expects u 2 remember the dumbest stuff u learn a lot but he is intimidating i am not bad in science at all and I had to drop this class!! DO NOT TAKE HIM!
This class is ridiculously hard. I attended every single class and studied like crazy and the tests were still really hard. He randomly screams in the middle of lecture and is so intimidating that you don't even want to ask for help. Only take this class if you want to work hard for a crappy grade and get screamed at for no reason.
Very knowledgeable man so he has the right to be arrogant. Class is not that hard if you read and go to class. There are many quizzes and the exams are detailed so you must study and read everything he gives you. On a personal level, Dr. B is very condescending and yells a lot. It's not really effective. He thinks his students are idiots (most).
very arrogant man! He thinks his way is the only way! Tests are ridiculous & the way he swears & talks to the class is a joke. I think for a professor he needs to talk like one not like a truck driver
Does not use text offen and needs to me more clear with instructions and last needs to cover and text only on what is covered in the classroom and on outside of the classroom activities.
He's a little crazy and intimidating but he wasn't bad. There's not a whole lot of work in the class. It wasn't bad.
Your in for a ride
This guy is horrible! He is rude and arrogent. He is mean. He treats college students like they are retarded! If you are shy, and dont like to ask questions because you are unclear then dont take him! Horrible...He made me cry!
His tests are hard as they can be. Keep all of your notes from the previous courses because all of his tests and the finals are cumulative. I know that i'm going to fail. The bad thing is that he is the only prof who teaches env. geo.
Scared me quite a bit...not very approachable
Horrible if you are not a STEM student. She is also very unclear about what to study. One exam I studied the text book and failed because she just used questions from the lectures, next exam asked what we should study, studied that and then non of it was on the exam. Between exams you could here students talking about how we were all failing.
Another strange professor but very kind. It is a lecture class, so she won't know who you are but she does try to make an effort for students to do well. Attendance is 15% of the grade and the Connect mods are 10% (which is why the book is necessary). So 25% of our grade is just showing that we can show up to class and do some online b.s. work.
So I studied for 3 hours for this test and I was feeling really good about the test until I got it... there was stuff on the test we never talked about and wasn't in the book... it made me so mad!! I pay attention in class and I still failed the test! Not very clear with what she wants you to know.
monotone voice... don't take her before 11... she seemed very nice but very boring and she turned out the lights for movies and wham I fell asleep :)
If you did decent in Py201, you will not learn anything from this class. Maggie tries to have a 'student-led' classroom but doesn't allow for discussions to go anywhere beyond superficial. Classes end up being VERY slide-heavy and when participation is asked for, it ends up feeling forced and often times uncomfortable.
She is extremely old school. Her grading is strict. The lectures are pretty easy to sit through and there is some class participation which makes class more interesting. She marked someone in the class as absent for the entire (3 hour) class because got out her phone in the last 5 minutes of lecture. So stupid. We paid for this class.
He's quirky. Pretty okay. Rather boring. Maybe to intelligent to be teaching an entry level course.
He was really hard on me after my first paper. He wrote really mean and cold comments. Honestly he made me doubt my future at this college. If you are a freshman like me don't take him. He made me doubt my whole ability as a student who has opinions. All his papers are based on opinion but it is clear that your opinion doesn't matter in his class.
Very long winded and enjoys his own jokes too much. gets the award for most annoying at 8:55.
Good professor, he gets into it a little too much sometimes. Especially at 7:45 AM. If you're like me and you like boring, don't take him.
I got cut off- Meant to say "flaky, I might add." At the end it should say "class was waste of my money."
Professor Menning is a little on cloud nine. She never knows exactly what is going on and then may randomly freak out on you. Watch out. The class isn't too hard, but she's weird.
Course material was pretty easy and graded fair. Terrible at getting grades in on time and being clear about what he wanted included on the journals and the final.
it was alright
Chambliss is a cool guy although the requirements of the class are not that clear. He does tell awesome stories, but he is very one-sided and clearly liberal.
Ughhhhh, this woman. Boring, power points are terrible, class is long. I was so excited to take a neuroscience class but my experience was terrible. Class averages for exams are typically in the low 60's to mid 70's and exams are hard. Stay far away
Extremely difficult quizzes and study guides are rare and not much help. Powerpoint is not organized well and her TAs do most of the work anyways. Very boring to listen to and a lot of memorization.
very hard, boring lecture, monotone voice (but nice woman) this is PURE SCIENCE!
Has a real chip on their shoulder
I have taken Schell before and loved him but never take humanistic psychology with him. It is so boring, you have to read 4 full length books, 10-15 articles, and much more. The class doesn't really feel like psychology - much more philosophy. DO NOT TAKE HUMANISTIC PSYCH WITH HIM. IT IS SO BORING AND YOU WILL REGRET IT. HARD TO STAY AWAKE IN CLASS
Ok, he's nice. But you've got to memorize each chapter in the book word for word. Tests are very difficult. His grading on paper is harsh! Also, doesn't round at all.
He is the reason I am going into Psych. He really wants you to succeed and learn a lot. His classes are hard but worth it if this is what you want to major in. The nicest guy and tries to be funny.. which is sometimes funny
Nice man, good psych stories. Tests are very difficult and unclear. They are a large portion of your final grade, making the class difficult. Avoid this class first semester of freshman year. Take Schell for a later psych class.
Well intentioned, however his beaming enthusiasm for the subject is somewhat lost in translation during lecture. Class is tough as nails and homework will take up a fair amount of your week, but exams are for the most part fair.
He and Lauterbach are pretty much the same, only he has as much personality as a cucumber. Just copy from the board, nod your head, and at the end of the class wonder, "What the hell did I just write?"
always makes mistakes on the board, acts like he's teaching 1st graders "hmm.. what should we do now?" give me a break.
Take PSY 101 with this professor and you will have nap time twice a week. He is monotone and just shows videos. When it comes to the tests, the questions are formatted poorly and just leave you confused. The material is dry, and seems outdated. Many things could be improved on.
This prof was a di$k to me. Asked him after class about a question and told me "that is something you just just "get" in this chapter" - to which I responded, that's you job. Surprised to see all of the great commented after my experience, but who knows. Easy enough for a good grade, just a di@k to me I suppose.
:(
Huisman was a boring teacher. Each class session includes a ramble about history in the allotted time. If you're able to listen to his drone then the tests will be a breeze. Otherwise hit that textbook hard.
Professor Huisman teaches history likes it's one big long story around the campfire. Classes seemed endless at times. But as long as you complete all assignments and go to class, it's not hard to earn a good grade. If you are a self-motivated person, the class won't be that bad. I'm not.
WAY BORING....this guy is probably the worst teacher i've ever had...I wanted to stab my pen in my eye every class....
this dude is so boring. he sits on his ass the whole class and just does a slide show for ever. he sucks. he just talks about the slide shows and thats it. he is a terrible teacher
You only need the book for papers. All tests are from notes. He is in love with the sound of his own voice and uses all of his time. If you can BS a good paper you can pass the class with a B+.
This class was so boring his tests were from your notes so take good notes
Boring
should try not reading straight off the overhead
needs to let it go and retire
nice old man, monotone, boring, weekly quizzes, hard
The uninspiring and detached manner in which the professor leads his class only further increases my disinterest in it. Hard to hear, and too tangential, what little important information is given, is too vague to be of any help. Anybody can pass this class without much effort, if any, but you wont be expanding your knowledge any.
Overall he is an okay professor but like many others have said, he talks the entire class and sometimes it seems he's just talking to himself but yet expects us to listen closely. The bright side is that we do watch movies every class but they are sometimes hard to follow and expects us to take notes on them. But I would try to avoid his classes.
He is a good teacher. It is a film viewing class so you will be watching old movies every class. He's hard to hear and understand. But he IS STUCK in the 90s. His film teaching is fro the 90s even how to videos are 20 years old. He Is does not teach modern film techniques. Show up to answer a short question about the film for credit.
Easy class, he talks the entire class time. He is really boring. He reads from his sharpie, alot. He is a nice guy, easy grader. Read the book and you will pass, easily.
He's the worst professor I've ever had for a lot of reasons I won't bother listing here. One is: he'll mark you down a lot for not being a great artist on the final project.
Hands down, the most boring class I have taken in my life. He loves to hear himself talk, and will not accept ideas that aren't his own. Quizzes almost every class, and are randoms out of the book. Almost none will stick once you read 50 pages a night. I NEVER fall asleep in class, and this man had me falling asleep sitting up. Not advisable.
He's a pretty good prof overall. His lectures were a bore. Uses the book a lot. Easy class if you follow. Found him to be biased towards democrats... overall though a good prof.
He inserts his own editorial throughout the lecture, which I felt took away from the learning.
I feel really bad, because he seems like a really nice guy, personally, but he was really, really boring. I had this class from 2-5 in the afternoon and it was the longest three hours of the week. Absolutely droll. Others in the same section dropped out because they couldn't take it anymore, it was so dull. At least for that class, he was boring.
I don't hate the guy, but the class was SO BORING. He lectured the whole time and our brakes during a 3 hour class were only 10 minutes. I got a good grade in the class, but I wouldn't take this teacher again. I feel that he is very biased. I wrote my research paper based on what I know he'd agree with, and what do ya know... got an A.
Dude this teacher is so boring! he makes no attempt to try and make film viewing fun. the class is so boring that everyone in it while he lectures plays with there phones, or listenes to there MP3 player. (you have to do something to pass the time)
Joke!! the guy is a complete duface and a nerd! his class is so hard to pay attention in and he is very annoying to watch and listen to. He smiles all the time and is a complete NERD!! if you take his class you'll regret it! eveyone in my class did!!
Great teacher, A reason to show up for class.
he smiles alot, good so far
I hated this class! He is extremely boring and hard to follow!
Daniel wasn't very intriguing.He picks favorites and grades eccentrically.
Take this online. Teacher wasn't to helpful. The only way to pass is to read everything in your book. Get ready to take the longest test ever !
Go through 2 chapters a week. Test were long. No video or audio lecture. You are on your own !
Telecourse. This is the third telecourse I have had him for. He will not return calls or messages. His tests are the hardest I have ever taken, but he grades on a serious curve. Easy B.
Nice guy, not clear on assignments, but pretty easy
This class was so hard! I went to every class, took notes during class, read all the chapters and studied for all the exams, but I still have a very low C. He's a nice guy and offers office hours but the class is really challenging. Other than the 2 exams and final, you only have a 10% homework grade, so it's easy to do poorly.
This class was so hard! I went to every class, took notes during class, read all the chapters and studied for all the exams, but I still have a very low C. He's a nice guy and offers office hours but the class is really challenging. Other than the 2 exams and final, you only have a 10% homework grade, so it's easy to do poorly.
I just didn't understand him. I had to drop the class because he gives you only two exams and I did horrible on the first. Just expects wayy too much out of a basic economics course.
I really enjoyed the class. He is a really nice guy with a great sense of humor. If you pay attention in class and do the readings, you'll be fine on the multiple choice part of the exams. MAKE SURE you understand the Homework assignments or you will not do well at all in on the exams because half the exam is on the homeworks.
great guy..horrible teacher hes pretty funny just expects way to much from an introductory level class final worth 40%!? pretty ridiculous.. do work all semester and mess up on one morning and your done
The honors section is not an easy class - memorize the textbook if you want a good grade. Lectures are confusing and somewhat pointless, but the textbook will save you as the lectures are directly from that. Exams are difficult, final paper was totally unnecessary, the final was ok. Agnello is very confusing, so read the textbook for success.
I would NOT recommend taking Agnello, his notes are very hard to read, and when anyone asks him a question he gets flustered and doesn't really clarify anything. His multiple choice questions are very confusing on exams, and his voice puts me to sleep - the econ department is good overall, find a different teacher!
This was the worst course I've taken. Mr. Agnello will ramble on and on and on and on until half th clss is sleeping.. and then he'll keep ramblinb. Test are ridiculous, notes are confusing, DROP IT IF YOU HAVE IT!
DO NOT TAKE HIM FOR THIS COURSE!!! he gives at least 5 pages of notes everyday and material is taught that no other econ students are learning, he usually teaches higher level econ so teaches this course as if the students know what he is talking about.
This is the wost class ever...DO NOT TAKE...he walks in every day puts on the projector and makes us write 7 pages of notes all while talking in his over excited geeky voice...the tests are extremely difficult i got a 64 which turned out to be a B because everyone did worse than that. You will Sleep
He was a little too hpyer for 9:30am and taught the course in a rather sporatic manner.
Final hard, rest of exams not bad. Confusing to follow, do all the work.
He's hard, especially at first...stick it out, it gets easier
He is quite longwinded and his tests are pretty difficult, also do homework
Strong fundamentals in art concepts and process; yet unique and receptive to new ideas. Though not up-to-date on newer technologies, he still tries to work with it. Interesting ideas, true artist at heart. Presents challenges that raises new questions for art in general. Recommended.
Hw is given every class, online chapters are posted. She will not grade hw and give it back, but you need them to study so take pictures for test. No electronics, 5 min break. Tests are the same as hw. Interesting class and you will learn a lot about animals. Not very tech savy and will not accept emailed hw. class assignments are graded.
One of the worst professors I have ever had. She made us do vocabulary assignments, and then made us use them in a sentence as part of the final. Gives no test make ups for any reason, and no extra credit. Could have learned entire course by just reading the text.
She cares more about attendance than actual assignments. Thinks that she's an english teacher most of the time. Assigns us vocabulary assignments instead of focusing on psychology which she should be doing since it is a psych course. Rarely ever uses human examples. Not at ALL what i expected. Lectures are straight out of the book.
this class is very hard if you don't come to class. sloppy writing on the board. she expects you to know and understand things in just one sitting. boring lectures. easy to fall asleep. the textbook is very dense, must read to understand. i had homework everyday. tests were hard. mandatory attendance.
makes students sing if late to class
Horrible Teacher
Get another prof; should be a SWS class; syllabus is acutely TMI for an into class. Lots of research, Needs a lot of clarity. Do not take a class with this prof.
Nice professor, syllabus is a TMI situation, can be very confusing. Try taking another prof.
meh. i think with all of her teaching experience she's lost her touch. she treats us like the 2nd graders she used to teach. I'll try to avoid having to take her again.
class design weak-didn't always communicate clearly-material not always useful
Interesting course in the first few weeks.
Heavens...what a terrible teacher.
A pompous jerk who considers undergraduates to be so far beneath him that he won't waste the time to answer questions outside of class. Invariably has a few pets in class who idolize him, whom he loves and shows favoritism to.
I am still amazed that a reputable institution like GVSU tolerate a class like this. It was so pathetic it would shame a junior high teacher. The class was useless. Nothing personally against the Prof, but this class was unbelievably easy and I learned nothing. Our last project was to bring food and describe how it applied to education. What?
Horrible teacher. I got my "A" but don't ask me to back it up. The class was a complete waste of my time, not to mention money. Dr. Mack is super intelligent- but its time to retire.
He just randomly does whatever he wants. Spends the whole class rambling. But, he's easy & lets every1 use their notes on the tests. However, the tests didn't always follow the study guides well. Also randomly gave us a pop quiz 1 day but there was nothing about quizzes in the syllabus.And told us we could use our notes on a test then didn't let us
Probably one of the easiest teachers I've had since middle school. The only problem is that I have to sit through the mindless discussions that take place during his 3 hour class. He gets way off topic and presents his opinions as if they are facts. Don't even try arguing with him, it's not worth it. But he is a good guy and his class is very easy.
MOST BORING PROFESSOR EVER! I'd rather watch paint dry than to ever sit through another one of his classes again. His stories are pointless and so is the material he is teaching. He spends more time just rambling than teaching
Mr. Keefer is a HOOT! I was dreading this 7:45AM class but, he made it fun and interesting. While he is fun to argue with and made it a fun class, he very often drifted off the subject. Hint: DO THE REVIEW SHEETS! Fill those out thoroughly and you will do fine on the tests. He has open note tests. If you fail this class it's your fault.
Exams are open-note, which is awesome. Only drawback is you have to take your own notes because he rambles on about unrelated topics most of the time. Thats ok tho.
Don't take his class! He does NOT discuss the chapters and when it comes test time, it is open notes, but you haven't reviewed any of the material! Biggest waste of time! HATED IT!
dont waste your time in his class
Make sure you get the course pack and book ASAP, otherwise you will be lost. Be sure to look at the ridiculous grading matrix in your course pack. If you get lower than I think an 82% on homework, quizzes, or participation you won't pass. This is the dumbest class i've ever taken. Be prepared to read the entire textbook as well. Good luck.
4 - credit course explains why it is so difficult. BS grading scale. Must memorize definitions word for word. Homework every class. Taught by TAs. Virtually teach yourself all the information and then have class to take quizzes. Heavily graded on quiz scores. Very strange set up of how class time and educating works.
You have homework & quizzes in every class. Don't expect to see much of Dr. Malott, you will be working with his grad students. You have to memorize vocab WORD FOR WORD. DON'T take this course while you are taking other hard courses. Much of your time during the semester will be dedicated to this class. Easy material but they have HIGH expectations
This class is horrible. If you do not have to take it (or any Malott classes), don't. Vocab tests require you to memorize scientific definitions word-for-word. I have never been so stressed out during a semester than I was during this class!
He and his TAs were obnoxious and offensive, and their methods were far more trouble than they were worth. I dropped the class and took Jack Michael's instead. (Fabulous teacher; too bad he retired.) Don't anyone feel bad about not meeting Dick Malott. You are much better off without such a memory.
Ridiculous. Malott is and will never teach the class, and you have TA's who have taken the course over the summer "teaching" you. When I say "teaching" I really mean they repeat what the book says and look at you like your idiots when you still don't comprehend what they're saying. If you want your social life to die, and you feel the need to memor
This entire class is a personal testimony to his superior intelligence, his book is common sense made complicated, his GSI's are horrific to say the best, and he can't even make an apperance to offend you in person. His grading scale is totally messed up. I wouldn't reccomend this class to my VERY WORST enemy. You will regret ever taking Malott.
If you have to take this class do everything within your power to not take it with Malott and his GSI cronies. I have NEVER been more angered by a class, his teachings are CRAP, his book is overcomplicated common sense and a waste of your time, he doesn't even bother to teach his own BS, he only focuses on one aspect of BA. Save yourself!
Dr. Malott doesn't teach the course, he just sets it up for the GA's to take over and you never meet him... which makes the class feel kind of like the Wizard of Oz. You use the book he wrote (great, humorous book). Class requires a LOT of work, quizzes on every chapter, definitions every day etc. Study hard and you'll be fine!
Dr. Malott doesn't teach the course, he just sets it up for the GA's to take over and you never meet him... which makes the class feel kind of like the Wizard of Oz. You use the book he wrote (great, humorous book). Class requires a LOT of work, quizzes on every chapter, definitions every day etc. Study hard and you'll be fine!
the material for his courses is rudimentary, but the amount of work that he/the advanced psych courses require is absolutely absurd... "It's hard because we don't want you to remember it." Guess what? I've forgotten it because it's obsolete. When I attended Western, I saw him in person five times.
very poor amd confusing grading policy, classes cut back because of lack of funds = good for us.
Poor grading system. Never knew where we stood until after the course was over.
Never met the teacher but am thankful I have a great T.A. It is an incredibly difficult class with the amount of work put in, but you do learn a lot about the subject. His Book $120.00 His Coursepack $110.00. Sigh,
Messed up grading policy!!
Very difficult class. She is very unclear and you never really know what assignment is due. Work realy hard and hope to pass.
She switches things around on the syllabus every day, things are often unclear, and then she will NEVER answer an email if you have a question.Theres a reason why there is always 20 kids lined up to talk to her after every class. A very frustrating prof and class. Runs everything through a TA and you never know how you are doing in the class
Not sure I quite agree with how she structured the class...a ton of work at the beginning, and then it comes in spurts from there. The coursepack might as well say "Bible" on the front of it...You just need to put in the effort and you'll be fine.
Uses extreme liberal sources with inaccurate material in her course packets, one source stating "so-called communist threat" when talking about the 80's. When sources were questioned in response papers, comments such as, "It's an inappropriate comment" would come back. Totally uninspiring IMO.
Dr. Al was everything you'd want in a college professor. Her work is tough yes but you learn so much in the process. If you are willing to go the extra mile in her class it will pay off. You cant just get by slacking. You will become a self-motivated learner in her class. Dont expect too much from her either! It's up to you! I loved the class.
Not a very good prof. Lots of pointless busywork at the beginning of the semester. It takes awhile to get to the stuff that you actually need to learn.
Holy liberal! This woman leans to the left politically, and it's obvious in all her teaching. Not very helpful in explaining things usually, but most assignments start off being self-explanatory. A decent prof.
the class is interesting and fun but don't talk to him outside of class he can be a jerk if he has other things "more important" to do, the class is worth while
Time to retire! I got A/B in his class, but it's time for him to hit the block. Very un friendly.
Easy class, and easy to understand, but a total weirdo. Thinks he's the end all and be all and the unltimate authority in the world of law enforcemnt. Not willing to help students with issues. Not much of a personality - at all!
BORING!!!!! So boring. Boring boring boring. Test was super easy. Didn't study at all.
Loves to hear himself talk!! He's a brilliant man, but most times i have no idea what he is talking about. If you don't have a background in poetry i do not recommend taking his class, it will be over your head. His lectures are usually long but assignments are not terribly hard
Hated going to this class every day, felt more like philosophy and made no sense at all. His feed back on essays is extremely unhelpful. I would not recommend this professor, and will never take another one of his classes.
I could not stand going to this class. I dreaded it soooo much everyday. All he talks about is politics and if you don't agree with what he has to say, then he will lecture you about how wrong you are and make you feel horrible about yourself. I would avoid taking him if possible. He wasn't too hard of a grader, but his classes were dreadful.
OMG this teacher is the best. even though he is a liberal communist ****, he is so funny. i love it when he curses in class like saying everything is **** and **** this and **** that. he is ****ing funny. his grading isnt that hard though. id take it because he is like my comedy central of the day. i love it when he blabs on about politics.haha
This man should not be entrusted with the minds of our young adults. He took every opportunity to bash conservatives and brainwash his students with liberal doctrine. Fortunately, many of us were smarter than that. His grading was more a reflection of whether or not he agreed with your paper rather than the quality of your writing.
If you like jokes about Walt Whitman and fishing, this is the prof for you!
Fair to poor.
Passionate about his field but spent most of the class time reading the homework to the class which wasn't really helpful. Didn't open the floor for discussion to explore themes or ideas which would've been really helpful for writing papers. Wouldn't really recommend, but you'd probably do fine if you read the assigned readings closely.
Extremely difficult grader and not often clear about instructions for papers. You have to read all of the books assigned as there will be random quizzes on them. Stay on his good side and you should be okay but i would not take him again.
He's a nice guy but his class is very demanding. I took AWRH with him and worked more in that course than in my major courses. It was very stressful.
Really such a stupid class. He just talks about what we read and gives us pop quizzes that are really specific. Don't recommend him. If you ask for an extension or extra credit hell laugh in your face. Hell laugh at anyone who give an answer thats not what he thinks even if its an opinion.
Super unclear about what he expects in your papers. Pretty much rips your paper a part. Nice guy but if you're looking for an A he is not your best bet.
He's not a bad human being and when it comes to the materials he explains them pretty well. For essays, he's an extremely harsh grader; I never understood what he wanted and made about 3 revisions for each essay and still I got a C in that class. We're alotted appointments with him, but those are NOT CONSTRUCTIVE. He's also very condescending
he is ridiculous! DO NOT take this class if you have any opinion at all. he picks a few favorites, and everyone else is screwed. i had to work harder in this class than calc or chem and I have always been an A english student. dont voice your opinion or your grade will suffer!
He is unclear in what he wants, boring, and gives a lot of work.
He is one of those, "I will make you a better writer" profs, which I personally don't like. He is a very harsh grader, and the comments he makes on essays are kind of shallow. I don't feel like I became a better writer just a more stressed one. You have two 3-page essays and one 5-page. He gives a final (quote id and 2 in-class essays).
He does a pretty decent job presenting the material, but the amount of reading alone can be overwhelming. The main problem is that it is difficult to figure out what he's looking for on the tests, so grades can be very hit or miss. If you're willing to work, I would suggest him, but this is not an easy A class.
A very difficult class. Very smart teacher and knowledgeable about the literature but extremely dull as well as unclear. He gives very little instruction on writing assignments and grades very harshly. Hard to determine what he looks for. Final paper is worth 50% of your grade. Overall would not recommend this course.
This class is the first class I have not received an A in. He has extremely high expectations and is very critical. He even made one girl in my class cry. The class is mainly discussion based but the way he responds to people's opinions make it so very few people want to talk. He even kicked out over half the class for not reading one day.
I am a 2006 graduate from the English Department and I still tell people about how terrible this class was. It was not that the books or lectures were hard to understand--it was difficult to decipher what he (or mainly the T.A.'s) expected of you. On that note, if you can avoid him, do it!
This professor is phenomenally easy. I took the one credit hour FIN 2020 class as a GPA boost and it ended up working out, but I was pretty unhappy with how the class went. I spent over a week, three phone calls, three emails, and two office visits to finally get in touch with Professor Harris when I needed to. Keep that in mind when taking this.
Eh, just not very good. Harris' lectures are all prerecorded, so they're not current. He's also very slow at responding to emails. One of the nice things is that his quizzes are open note, and the test questions are all pretty much identical to the quiz material.
His class isn't as bad as everyone makes it out to be. He does cover the entire book but writes EVERYTHING that you need to know for the test on the board and TELLS YOU what will be on it. You also get a cheat sheet front/back but its an automatic minus 20 points but he curves his exams a lot so you could still make out with a B on the exam.
By far the worst teacher I have ever had. Made this class extremely difficult to pass. He doesnt use anything from the book and his lectures consist solely of him writing on the chalkboard with minimum explanation of what we were expected to learn from the notes. Almost every single day he went on tangents sometimes completely irrelevant and useles
He goes on tangents a lot but if you take notes in class and study the notes the tests aren't very difficult. He doesn't like the textbook so it's not required to read but he suggests it. The tests are what he says in class not specifically from the textbook
This class was extremely easy, he tells you what's going to be on the test and even gives you a cheat sheet
i feel like he is very condescending. he thinks he knows everything about finance. and that everyone else is just dumb as ever. and he is the only professor covering the ENTIRE BOOK in one semester. if i could get out of this class i would. he's not worth leaving class angry everyday.
This was the worst class I have ever taken at any level. He just gives grades out on a whim. He rants and goes on tangents. This class sucked. What a waste. He is smart, but cannot teach at all.
FIN 411 is a pretty easy class, however Dr. Harris is a horrible communicator. He really cares about the class and his students (he curves everything), however he goes off on these daily tangents that have no correlation to finance. Unforunately his lectures are pretty "scatter brained" and difficult to follow. Not too difficult to make an A.
His first time teaching it in a long time and it was obvious. In a class where pictures are critical, you think he would give printouts, but everything was drawn on the board in marker. He expects so much out of you but gives you so little to work with. I don't think he has any empathy and never has a positive thing to say about anybody.
Very interesting dude,you will quickly realize he is a genius, but will also own you with his nit picky grading. He will demand answers from you and insult you in the process, so make sure you're ready to get your feelings hurt. He is an editor and will grade your 1 page paper as such, SHOW HIM AS MANY DRAFTS AS YOU CAN BEFORE YOU HAND IT IN.
With a name like "Dinosaurs", I expected this class to be easy and fun. It wasn't. It was THE WORST class i have ever taken in my life. He makes you buy the book that HE wrote, and almost everyone fails. i hate this guy.
Oh my god this is the only class I have ever failed!! I used to call it freakin' dinos! Very hard class and I just couldn't keep up.
A very interesting class about dinosaurs, but Fastovsky is an ego-maniac who screams at the class when they do not answer one of his obscure questions. You can pass the class with an A if you dedicate time to studying.
You think "Hey, Geology 100, should be an easy GPA booster." NOOO!!! if you take this class you will put in so much unneccessary work for a Gen Ed. I recommend AVS or anything that doesn't start with a "G" and is followed by A "EO 100"
Exam's are basically the same from semester to semester. rather than studying from the book or your notes..find an old exam the questions are the same only in a different order. Dont bother buying the text book and you really dont have to go to class every time. I got a B overall.
AVOID. if you're looking to fill a gen.ed. not worth it. He uses overheads with mostly diagrams. Attendance is not mandatory but you have to go to have a fighting chance of passing. He is very knowledgeable but very rude to students. Exams are hard, gives pop quizzes for extra credit. Boring material. Boring class.
WORST CLASS EVER!!! this guys is awful. do not take this course. almost everyone fails, if they pass its in the C range. I'm not a lazy person, i can pull off good grades in like 200+ level classes. but this one is ridiculous. there are so many other gen eds that will not harm your gpa. DO NOT TAKE!
He is intelligent on the subject matter. You really need to put a good effort in to his class to do well. I don't like how he talks down to people though and his obvious hatreds for Americans and their culture. Go back to Britain old man.
I took this geology class 5 semesters ago and I'm still mad about it. Cain is arrogant, has obvious problems with American students and their "lazyness" as he put it once in class. I can't curse on this site, but a few choice words are coming to mind........
ehhhh
cain is the worst.
B-O-R-I-N-G-!-! Here's a tip: Find someone who already took his class and get all the old notes and tests. They barely variate over the years.
seems to willfully misunderstand students' questions, but attempts phys ed stuff. will call you on anything that's not 100% correct and detailed, but will often forget to dot the 'i's himself. lectures are close to useless, but go. harsh grader. hw sets are time consuming. pretend that 441 is a 4 credit class for all the time you'll spend on it.
Clearly burned out and/or overworked.
he brings politics into english and tries to convert you to his opinions. all the books have a central topic, no variety. he is not helpful when you go during office hours to him, which he holds only once a week. he doesnt give you a formal handout on what to write your papers on and then grades unconsitantly. he knows english but cant teach.
Don hates conservatives and republicans. If you hate america and out society take the class. He thinks critical reading is important but is so close minded he doesnt actually teach critical reading, he teaches reading to hate the right. more to come
I dropped his class after the 1st week, this was Spring of 98,nothing's changed
Hardest class I've ever taken!
Not very clear expectations. I like the subject matter, but she focuses on remembering specific details from tests instead of important conclusions.
She's a brilliant mind, but really not helpful in the classroom. Be prepared for blatant arrogance and rudeness on moodle, though she generally tries to keep things PC in the class. Her work is very hard and demanding of time, and it is also very vague. She will often assign tasks with no explanation, and be indignant to requests for clarity.
She's a very difficult teacher and expects a lot from her students. Be prepared to work!!! Her homework assignments aren't very clear and when you ask for help, it isn't very clear and she rarely compliments your work. She's incredibly smart, but is often intimidating. She shouldn't teach an Inquiry Seminar made for freshman...
I was looking forward to this class and then she wasn't there for the first 2 weeks and when she came it was like I entered HELL! She does not respect the opinions of her students, she's rude to her students and yells during presentations. Never take a class from her!
Shes hard and I think clinically insane. But you learn alot!
Do not take principia from her if you are looking for an A. It's her way or the highway.She does not hand out good grades.
I HATED this class and did not like her as a prof - she is a harsh grader and is extremely full of herself and her "postcolonialist" work.
Hallaby makes awkward references and uncomfortable comments. I found his lectures, at times, to be demeaning to women and minorities. Also, the required reading was greater in his course than in any other I've taken. He is disrespectful to students and is not understanding of varying student needs or learning styles.
I loved Ouachita and I have always been a good student. I hate to give anyone a bad "review" but this man genuinely deserves it. I can honestly say, Dr. Hallaby is the worst teacher I have ever had. Between his inappropriate/prejudice comments and his unreliable due dates for things, I highly suggest a different professor if at all possible.
Made rude comments
Don't take him unless you can put up with paranoia.
This class required so much work for a 200 level class. Most of the work was self-guided through the use of online textbook. Not really sure what the professors purpose was, other than submitting grades into the system. It's extremely easy to fall behind in this course. Comprehensive project instructions and elements are not very clear.
Course workload is ASTRONOMICAL!!! I have taken many online courses and I have NEVER had as many assignments as he requires. Be prepared to spend ALOT of time on his assignments, quizzes, test, projects, etc
So far, worst teacher I've ever had. He waited to grade our work until the very end, and then gave us all terrible grades. I worked hard on my essays, and I went from having a 95 to an 85 in his class after he graded them. The final is brutal, and liberal arts is not worth the slam on your GPA. Take anyone else. Seriously.
Liberal Arts- Assigns a lot of reading for class. Not everything is clear.
liberal arts: this class was made way to difficult. class lectures were never pertinent to what was covered on the tests...which were extremely hard.
He was a nice, smart guy but very unclear & contradicted himself often. I had a 4.0, never missed class, went to him for extra help & still got a C. His tests were impossible even if you studied and did the problems successfully at the end of the chapter, he made the tests very confusing!I would DEFINITELY recommend taking a different teacher!
Not very nice to students, not very helpful. Confusing lectures.
Lectures way too fast, and doesn't give you time to work math problems out yourself.
As a person she was fantastic, she was very intelligent and about half of the students in my particular class did well. She moves VERY fast and doesnt explain things too well, but shes never rude about it and she is patient. I wouldnt willingly take her again.
I took her College Algebra class for 50 minutes M-Thurs. She moves so quickly and she makes everything really confusing. Her tests were only 10 questions and each question is worth 10 points. she is a really tough grader and there are no HW points. I wouldn't recommend to anyone to take her class. I ended ip having to drop her class.
She is really nice and always there if you need help. If you have test anxiety she always lets you take the exams in the testing center. Unfortunately her accent is thick and sometimes it makes things worse. She explains things everyone understands but not what you need to know. Not awful but not the greatest.
Needs to slow down and would help if there was a mathematical terminology class prior. Be nice if she was less condescending.
Very nice! DO THE HOMEWORK! i did not, so I failed (pass/fail class). She is very hard to understand and goes very fast. If you ask for help, she will give it to you. It was nice that whatever was on the review sheet was on the test. All-in-all....decent.
She helps you, but her pace is just so fast. She helps you learn different steps to doing the problems. Sometimes a little hard to understand. I dropped her I couldn't handle her with a full load of classes. If you take her, I would suggest taking her in the summer.
It took me the entire semester to figure out she was saying angle THETA, for some reason I kept hearing VADER.
Ehh... Great person, does a lot for the bands that most people don't see. But once the drama with Mikkelson is done, retire...seriously.
Its about that time...Waters for 4 stripes
...bit of a jerk if you ask me...
"WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?"
good class...bad director
he only has a midterm and a final. he always makes sure to review first yet the test is sooooooooooo much harder than his review. His sight-singing exam is so much harder than anything we have done in class...dont' take him, take Cadiux
He has a very negative attitude towards the ability of the choir. I think that he undermines us when he says things like," Well, you're not ready to sing it on the words, but I guess we'll do it anyway." He spends class time talking about things that aren't relevant to the songs we are singing.
Her class is so difficult. She says she wants to help you but makes you feel stupid when you ask. Tests are even harder. I went for help but she kept saying "i dont understand what you dont get" as if magically we were to understand right away. i would NOT take her for 103 or any other class!
this teacher was ridic. i hated her with a passion. she is rude and when kids ask questions she stares at you like your stupid. she says she wants to help but then goes "i just dont understand what you don't get" she uses has alot of notes so be prepared to write. her tests are ridic as well with definitions. bad teacher.
methods arent great. Watch for her answer keys. I corrected a bunch of them from my version of the test since she lets us look them over after the test
Hard class. Boring. Too early. Not fun. Gets mad if you ask alot of questions. Just dont if your not good with math.
Went into this class scared as hell! It is a very tough class, and she doesn't teach, but she is willing to help, and a very nice person. Group work sucks and so do the projects. Be prepared to earn your grade!
This class was hard for me. maybe not others but it was for me and that's why I dropped it.
She made History of Math look like a class from hell. She never teaches, she leaves everything to group work.
Don't take his class unless you have to for your degree. He's a nice guy but his classes are extremely boring. Oh, and if you thought you were just gonna learn about coordinates and topography, you're not. We spent more time learning about the climate than anything else. He has 3 exams and a final. The class average for each exam was below 65%.
This professor was very boring and quick when speaking I have a disability and couldn't keep up with him so I had to withdraw.
Dr. Courtney is a great guy, but a bad professor for someone who is taking geography as a minor or elective. He expects to much on his assignments and bombards students with work. For example there can be a test in a week or a paper due in 5 days, and he will throw an excel assignment into the mix. He must have a lot of time on his hands?
I'm taking Dr. C for GEG10 this semester. We've spent the entire semester , literally every lecture, doing math problems. This class is more like a climatology course than a physical geography course. Not only was I unprepared for such coursework, I also feel cheated because this isn't what I signed up for. At all.
Not sure how some of the material is relevant, detail oriented, but not practical application.
Make a difficult map, then write a book about it. Solve numerous equations, then write a book about it. Work with classmates, get points taken off and criticized. You better have HOURS to spend in the lab. The work piles up and tests always have crazy essays and are EXTREMELY difficult. Condescending in class though nice outside of it.
Didnt really like him, he was super hard and kinda mean. Went to office hours for help and he didnt really help me at all.
impossible, he gives endless notes of stupid graphs that dont help at all..and there is so much material covered on one test. i do not recomend this class unless u HAVE to take it..complete waste of time..not interesting at all!!!
Good Professor, have to take him for cart loves his work. Very narrow minded on the subject however, likes things done his way and any other way needs to be desribed in immense detail for him to comprehend. Projects carry their own weight, get used to reading the same font continulously with barely any breaks, it'll drive you insane. good luck
Hated him!I thought he would be good cuz his ratings are good on here.He wasn't.No matter how much I studied the notes he gave, it didn't help me on the tests.I studied my butt off for every single test.I failed one and got Cs and Ds on the rest.I ended up with a C in his class and I was so thankful, but I had to work SO hard for it.Don't take him!
teaching is about keeping students interested and not frustrating them with unrealistic tests. grading system is hard to figure out. he cares but could do better helping students to learn
He is not a bad guy but his lectures are EXTREMLY boring! His class had many math equations and at times felt more like an advanced science class.In all a very tough class, I felt like me entire semester revolved around it.
Hi is nice however, extremely informal. He does not take his job seriously and allows you to believe you're doing well until the quiz or test tells you differently. He has terrible grammer and is aggressive in his emails. He will lose your assignments and give you a zero. His tests and quizzes are fill in the blank heavy with no word bank.
He looks through the stack of quizzes that we just handed in and says "75% of you got all of the answers wrong." Then continues to blame the class for it. His tests and quizzes are nothing like the homework problems and you have at least one quiz every week. Does not matter if the whole class is struggling. This is a required class for me.
Go to class. You get 5 extra points on your test if you don't miss a class. STUDY DIRECTLY FROM THE BOOK. KNOW ALL VOCAB DEFINITIONS AND SCIENTIFIC STUDIES THAT YOU REVIEW IN CLASS. I never got below a 91 on the test because of this. However all of his other grading is ridiculous he just makes it up.He grades your papers on if he "enjoyed them"B.S!
Stoffey is a really cool guy who is down to earth but turns Statistics into a foreign language. He is very difficult to follow. If you don't read the text book DAILY you're screwed. I wouldn't suggest taking his class unless you're up to a big challenge. Oh, and another thing, his quizzes are impossible.
Very laid back, but grades very hard. One extra credit assignment, but only a few actually got the credit. Tests are ridiculously hard. Make sure you read the book and come to class, it helps in the long run!!
He acts as though what he is teaching should come easily to everyone; therefore, he doesn't elaborate on a lot of things, and he rushes students from one chapter to another.
I had a class w/ him a few years ago for Organizational Pysch. I thought it was really interested and while he can be a bit kooky, I thought he was quite intelligent. Plus, I liked that class because I met my husband in it!
he was alright. he could be pretty funny at times.
Man, the last person hit the nail on the head. She smiles all day, and she shows you every clever Calvin and Hobbes comic that has nothing to do with speech. On the bright side, I passed no problem, and only ever gave one speech.
Professor Jensen means well, but I couldn't stand her class. She never stops smiling -- even if she yells. All she does every class is show you AV's (you know, dumb winne the pooh posters). Thus, the tests are impossible, because you cover NOTHING.
Dr. Donner is very knowledgeable about his field, however he doesn't do a lot of teaching. His lectures are extremely bare-bones with very little information actually being taught. This doesn't stop him from making this non-existent information essential for passing his classes which is quite irritating.
this class isnt hard but the course load is way to heavy for a gen ed. There's lot of assignments that involve visiting different places or interviewing people which would be cool if as a college student you had time to do that which many of us dont. Donner is ok, wouldn't take him again. books are helpful for midterm and final but thats it.
He expects you to read texts about specific topics and he also expects you to write 3 papers in the short period of time of the winter course. We have 4 discussion due every week. The readings are boring and unclear. He is a tough grader with the papers and it seems like your work is never good enough for him. The tests are difficult too. STAY AWAY
Donner is a cool guy but its a very hard class
The only reason I took an anthropology class with him is because of all the good reviews I read on this site...boy was I misinformed. Yeah Dr. Donner is easy (how hard can intro level anthropology be?) but he rambles on about uninteresting and irrelevent topics the entire class! Simply put, not all of these reviews are as acurate as they seem...
He is ridiculous. He goes on and on about Sikaina. He makes me want to wake up in the morning and go right back to sleep. His tests are difficult. The questions are a paragraph long, by the time you get to the end you forget what the question was.
I thought this class would be interesting, but it really isn't. He gives poor notes. He tells you what he wants on an assignment AFTER he grades it, which is irritating. Very negative person. Tells you your opinion is wrong.
In a class meant to foster a nonjudgemental attitude toward other cultures, he's pretty aggressie that his opinions are the RIGHT ones. Don't expect for the condescending / derogatory comments to end after the first week. Please take another prof.
I wouldn't recommend him. He's intimidating when he's in a GOOD mood. He doesn't explain what he wants at all.
worst teacher i've ever had. i concur with the "average man" comment. if you have your own opinions dont' take him.
Donner is an avergae man who only understands those who think like him. I never liked doing this before, but he thinks regurgitation is mandatory. If you don't write exactly what he thinks on tests, say hello mister zero.
Difficult knowing what to take notes on. Tests were hard. Interesting though.
Online class. She lays out the information really well, so that's not confusing. She is just brutal. Out of everything I wrote, she had one (literally one) positive thing to say. On the other hand, there was a slew of negativity, and by no means was it constructive. The content of the class doesn't seem particularly useful either.
very demanding. i thought i was the only one who thinks she has favorites. and i am not one of them either. seems like she really favors the guys in the class. so, i just don't talk up too much anymore. i need instructors who have no favorites.
Very difficult for an entry-level communications class. All of the class is lecture and he grades heavily for participation which he defines as acting interested. If you show that you are uninterested or get distracted easily, you will be graded down for that. would recommend if you enjoy being bored.
Extremely tough grader and heavy on the lectures. No help with tests and little information relating to the information on tests are actually in his lectures.
He was unwilling to take into account my overall good grades when I disputed the final grade D for his class. As a major in Communications and a senior it was crucial for me to get higher mark to get my major but he refused a 're test or extra credit assignment. Other faculty curated and I graduated with cognate in Communications and English.
Fun, great, wow, ha!! All abstract simplistic ways to describe him....he's just a joker, does not help certain students who he believes are not important for some reason.
From what I know about her, she taught French better than Spanish. She often walked into our class speaking French, and we would give her blank stares. She would tell us a due date, and then would change her mind the next class. Assignment were not always clear, and it didn't feel like she respected her students much.
Suzanne has been teaching for many years, and my opinion is that she is beyond her time. She does not know how to relate to her students and she doesn't have a uniform grading system.
Hard, Not good with communication skills
Horrible professor! She made me feel so uncomfortable in her class. She loves to put students on the spot and make them feel embarrassed. She was not helpful nor understanding at all!
The professor was absent more often than present (we had less than 10 meetings) this was for a two day a week class! due to him being absent he wasn't able to teach us anything. He graded the class based on attendance and homework submission. (not completion or correctness)
She really loves cats! Taking the class as a quad is really boring. She gives study guides for the tests, which is nice. But the tests are still a bit tricky
I was so excited when this class started, however, by the end, I was so very disappointed. She is very unclear in her expectations for final projects, her lectures are hard to follow, and she responds to e-mails vaguely and on the day that the thing you e-mailed her about is due..which is very unhelpful. She made fun topics seem more like a chore.
She doesn't explain what she wants from the final presentation and when you ask her she says the same thing over and over again. She's very unclear with assignments. She has obvious favorites and if you aren't 1 you won't fail. Don't take a class with her unless you have to.
Calling this class a "communication" course is a grievous misnomer. As a Communication major, my degree was not enriched at all by taking this course. She covered generic, off-topic material in a very combative way. Overall, it was a complete waste of time, money, and my attention.
Seemed intelligent, really knows her stuff. She seems to have prejudices against certain majors. This was dissapointing and made the class much more difficult than it should have been.
I agree with both ends of the spectrum, but she likes me, so i'm okay with her
I have her for 302 currently. Rather unorganized. Will not check homework for a 4 or 5 weeks and then asks for it all at the beginning of the next class, luckily the homework is simple for the most part and graded for completion not if it is correct. Tests are medium difficulty. But she is nice and has a good sense of humor.
Every day we do the SAME thing. She doesn't know how to teach, just assign busy work. Ugh. I would never take her class again
A very nice person but she cannot teach.
I think Won was an okay professor, he's a really tough grader but is very specific and detailed in his lectures. He expects A LOT of information when looking for answers on his exams and papers. He is very informative which is good but expects too much from a 100 level class. Helpful but would never take ANY of his classes ever again.
Do not buy the books or Bibles he recommends. You can get through the semester without them. He is so difficult and I had to study so much. Everyday consists of reading off the power points and lecturing. Lots of papers and responses due along with group work.
Professor Lee is a great guy, he's funny, nice, and easy to talk to. BUT, his class was extremely difficult. You need to be prepared to take the most detailed, fastest, hardest notes of your life. The tests were way too long to complete in one hour and his lectures were long and complicated. His class was something I have nightmares about.
Like he says, he's really Won in a million. Unfortunately, that's not a good thing. His lectures are not clear and are unrelated to the tests. He gives a lot of reading materials, and that's what the majority of quizzes are on, but doesn't discuss it clearly in class. I'd recommend staying away if you want to avoid a stressful class.
No detailed notes or powerpoint provided, just talked for an hour and expected us to be able to write everything down fast enough. Tests and papers are your whole grade, and he grades them as if you should be a master in the subject. Not very sympathetic
Won Lee is an amazing man. He is funny, and his lectures are amazing. HOWEVER, HIS TESTS ARE SO HARD. IT'S MY FRESHMAN YEAR AND I THOUGHT HE WAS GONNA GO EASY ON US. BUT NO, HE IS A TOUGH GRADER AND EXPECTS WAYYY TOO MUCH FROM US. I MEAN LIKE it's impossible to easily complete his test in less than an hour. My grades are ruined because of him...
Won Lee is an energetic professor who cares about his students, but his tests are nearly impossible and his lectures can be quite confusing. He is quite a funny guy, but be prepared to study a lot and do a lot of writing.
He is very hard and not really willing to make any changes. I would not recommend taking his class unless you are upperclassmen. We only do lectures and they are very detailed. He is funny but it doesn't make up for how hard the class is.
Prof. Lee gives great lectures. However, sometimes he talks to fast and he's accent makes it hard to understand what he is saying . He is a super hard grader and seems more than willing to take away points for simple things. I recommend NOT taking him.
Class goes long every day. The tests are the longest thing you will ever take but he is a good professor in his lectures.
Confusing and hard to follow at times. Daily reading are important to understand class discussion. Tests are tough with a lot of memorization. Ask for a review guide and he will provide it. Tough but doable.
Very smart and knows what he is talking about but also expects way too much out of students. His exams are very difficult. I learned a lot in the class but I don't know if I would recommend him if you are concerned with your GPA
SOOOOOOO hard! One of the hardest classes at Calvin! But it was interesting. Talks quite fast and sometimes is hard to understand becasue of his accent. If you are looking for easy DO NOT TAKE. If you are looking to learn-you can try it but you still might not learn! I don't remember much at all from the whole semester!
This class was insanely hard. Lee breezes of some of the topics at a breakneck pace and then expects in depth analysis on exams. He is a nice person Just not a good professor. I do not recommend taking this class unless you want to unnecessarily stress yourself out.
won lee is amazing!!!!! he is the best teacher i've ever had.
Totally agree with poster below. The content of the class is NOT that challenging, but his teaching style makes it almost impossible to do well, even having taken good notes (as good as can be on the lectures), read, and studied. Seriously, take a different religion professor ... it's very difficult to ascertain his expectations, which = low grade!
This man is impossible. He's pretty funny though. In class he makes an outline but never follows it. He never stays on topic and I can't follow anything he says. Please do yourself a favor and take someone else.
This class is somewhat interesting, but Lee assumes everyone is a religion major. For those of us who are not, the readings and lectures are at times long and challenging. He is a smart man, but needs to bring his lectures down for non-religion majors.
Lee is very opinionated, he thinks that his ideas are golden, and grades hard - pretty much the only way to get good grades on his papers and exams is to figure out what he wants you to say, and say it. His tests are pretty hardcore, too. He makes you think, but usually shoots down questions or twists them so he can continue saying what he wants.
His test are killers, he basicly expects you to memorize the bible. the classes are really easy though, never any homework.
Fast talking and essay tests. A brilliant man, passionate about what he teaches. Class attendence and detailed notes a must to do well, but he is interesting to listen to.
Funny prof! Problem is that he is very hard to understand and his class is DEATH to your GPA. Take the class and your gpa WILL go down. Nice guys though.
Has some complex that makes him feel a need to disagree with almost anything that anyone has ever written, and bases an entire class on his WRONG opinions.
Very difficult class... Must know REL before taking him!
Extremely nice guy but you could get a better prof. He is horrible at emphasizing what topics are most important and they all kind of mash together which makes it confusing. His tests are HARD and he doesn't tell you whats important. You have to study EVERYTHING to do well. I've even talked to him about study methods and he wasn't very helpful.
Nice guy, hard tests. He's an okay prof.
He is the stereotypical archeologist in how he presents himself. i had a hard time keeping up with his lectures during class. looking back on the notes i took, i still don't know what he was saying. all the answers come from the full chapter readings, and are all essays. the final i used more info i learned from discovery than from him/the book.
He wasn't a very good professor. Initially, he seemed really easy but his tests were impossible to study for and to take. And he only grades you on a few things, so if you do poorly on one assignment, you pretty much can kiss your GPA goodbye.
most confusing and worthless lecturer i've ever had. A very nice man who obviously loves his material but can't seem to get it across, and i got a great grade. if you show up and do the assigned work, you'll get an A, but you won't learn anything along the way
As a historian, he is very intelligent, knowlegeable, and passionate in his field. As an instructor, he is not that great. He goes off tangent, hard to take notes, confusing & boring lectures, but he is pretty easy-going. Take good notes though it doesn't seem important and don't miss his class!
Although he is obviously passionate about his subject, his lectures are extremely hard to follow. He goes off on tangents during every lecture and has a dull sense of humor. He keeps track of who skips class and it will reflect in your grade. Try to avoid this prof...
Oh man, this guy is the most unorganized prof ever. Random archaelogical news, pictures of him fam on little historical digs...blah.
His class is very boring. Too many stories and not enough info on material. Nice guy but not that good of a teacher. A pointless class. Don't take it!
Tests had mostly super easy questions, with a few weird, badly worded, impossible ones thrown in. Interesting person with LOTS of stories, but not very good at covering the course material in a clear and unbiased way.
IF you are in any other major besides Film & Video beware. She does not like ad majors who have to take the class as a requirement. She was very pissed off when I did so good on the final I got an A-, so much so she recounted...
Quite simply the worst chem. prof I've ever had and for such an easy class, her classes are as boring as hell and her tests are impossible, low 50's class ave on the midterm.
He is a funny professor. He does provide you with powerpoint slides, he does let you use your notes and homework on the exams. The exams are extremely difficult if you do not understand the material. I did not learn a thing in his class due to the way he runs his lectures.
I have this professor right now....so far, the class isn't bad at all. However, he expects you to be pretty independent and you must be good at teaching yourself the material. YOU NEED THE TEXTBOOK. The only complaint I have is, he made some rude comments at times. Overall, an okay class.
Lots of busy work, not a difficult class, focus on the multiple choice questions he posts. Lots of good stories, doesn't teach a whole lot relating to the tests.
he added up my grades wrong said he would fix it and then put it on banner wrong (which is a very long process to fix) and would never respond to my emails the whole semester. never ask him questions unless you want your head bit off
umm horrible teacher! he doesnt teach at all!!!!! if you are not good at teaching yourself dont take the class! i asked him a question in the class and he like bit my head off! but he does let you use notes on the exams! but the mult choice part of the exams are impossible! he is trying to make the class harder than years before.
this guy is pretty awesome. he lectures only on current events but lets you use notes for exams. Oh, do homework as it is big part of grade. He has like six or seven exams. you can drop one and not take final. He really understands his stuff but you will have to pry it out of him because he enjoys talking about everything else. he cracks me up.
WOW! I made the mistake of taking this class 6-9 and it was painful! You won't learn much in class, you have to teach yourself everything. Prof Linquist is nice and will do everything he can to get you a good grade (curves) but it is HARD.
All I can say is I really needed to learn auditing and I didn't. Being a great guy doesn't make you a great teacher.
Um not a huge fan. I hated this class. I had no accounting experience and since the prof doesn't go over anything (you have to teach yourself out of a boring text book), I am going to get a bad grade.
Wants the kids to learn and do good, but doesn't do a good job teaching at all. Everything you learn will be from the book or the homework. But curves the class, and sets up the tests so it should be easy enough to get a good grade if you do the homework
Horrible prof. Lectures have nothing to do with tests. Repeats same stories over and over. He'd rather give his opinion then teach. You don't even need to go to class, can go over exam questions on your own.
Harley rep or prof? Haven't really learned much. Talks about anything he w
Easy class, don't expect to learn anything. Buy the book, come to tests.
One of the funniest professors I have ever had, but a little old and cranky too
She is very passionate about reading and sharing her passion with the class. However, assignments are presented in a very confusing way and she takes forever to grade assignments. She is also very opinionated and if your opinions are different she will let you know.
Liz is a great person, but she does not always follow through with her own lessons on how to be a good teacher. She is kind and very passionate about reading, but her disorganization and lack of focus was rather confusing for me and the other students in my class. Many times the examples didn't match what she was looking for, which impacted grades.
I was impressed as a freshman, but the quality of his clases/theatrical productions has suffered tremendously over the years. The theatre department needs to be revitalized with college level acting, not high school hackery.
HOrrible professor...she even made mistakes when copying notes to the board and couldn't fix them....
Terrible, doesn't cover topics well. And makes up suprises for the midterms and exams. AVOID!
If you don't do the work you WILL die. Skims through a LOT of different topics, doesn't go in depth with them herself (but she expects you to). You must read the book, do practice problems and the assignments; if you only rely on what she does in class, you're screwed. If you don't mind learning a lot on your own, you should do ok.
Wendy MacCaul is without a doubt the worst prof I've had to date in my university career. She loves to shoot you down to your lowest, my personal favorite quote of hers was, "You guys have been down hill since grade primary".. refering to us not understanding a problem I hope they fire her!shovelass
Wendy is NOT a good teacher. She gets really andry fast and HATES when people miss class. She is smart but can't teach at all and HATES doing simple addition/subtraction etc. I dunno how you can become a math prof if you can't even add! I wouldn't take her class if you can help it!
Prof. Hanson is a nice man, he is east to work with. However, he can not lead discussions, he brought no outside information or aide in our class. We all just showed up and talked till the time was out each day about nothing. I didn't mind the class, but some days I thought I (just a student!!!) could have done a better job preparing it.
Professor Hanson was my least favorite teacher for the semester that I had him. He cancels class or ends early often enough to show that he doesn't take what he is doing very seriously. He is rather lacking in his ability to lead discussions. His questions don't make students want to contribute and he can't turn a response into a new question.
He's horrible!!!
evil, he hates me and he's my advisor!
concieted, unwilling to listen or help. very much a jerk and full of himself.
Professor Engerer is the WORST professor I have ever had. DO NOT take him. He loves watching his students fail. Horrible, just horrible.
I had lab with him and I am not continuing chem next semester because I don't want him for lecture. He can be condescending when you ask questions and isn't very helpful in person. His expectations aren't always clear and he creates long, difficult exams. I would avoid taking a class with him unless you have to.
Too intelligent for lower level chem classes and condescending esp. when you ask ques. in lecture. Very difficult class if math and/or chem are not your best subject/s. Study hard and I recommend scheduling time to meet w/ him to get help. He will make fun of you sometimes, but u jus have to accept it. He makes tests very difficult. Study alot!!!
Dr. Engerer is very mean. He enjoys making people feel stupid. If you do a problem on the test right and he doesn't like the method you used he will count points off. Do not be deceived about the grading scale it still is horrible the average is around a 45 on his exams because he enjoys his students misery.
He will wear a Hawaiian shirt on exam days to make you feel comfortable, then laugh at you when he hands you back your test. You felt good going in with his "easy" grading scale, but the only one laughing now is him, as he hands you back a test that has a 35% on it. If you try to talk to the dept. chair about him, too bad...HE is the dept. chair.
This guy literally made me hate chemistry. He is by far the worst teacher I have had in my life. He seems to love giving out terrible grades where he can and doesn't care how you are doing in the class. Generally is unwilling to give you any help or answer any questions outside of class. He knows his stuff but simply cannot teach it worth a crap.
he's is very unhelpful and doesn't care whether a student does bad in his class....it's almost as though he wants people to do bad in there and hate him
If you take notes in class you should be ok. Not very helpful outside of class. Exams are pretty random, kind of hard to study for. Tries to keep you interested, if you like chem you'll find lecture alright. Overall a hard teacher though, you have to be ready to work to get a good grade.
evil, just evil.
This man is an absolute demon to all those who have trouble in the class. His lectures and homework don't mirror his tests very well either. But, if you make it to the end of the year he gets much nicer.
tends to teach most material the hardest way possible, not easy to talk to, does not offer much help. refuses to help students with their 4-year plan in the chem department. not a nice guy.
One of the worst profs ive had. Concieted and a jerk. unless you're a 40hour chem major, he could care less about how you're doing.
can be both nice and extremely mean and awful.(when you did not do sth well for a time) Dislike!!
Nice guy, but he lost my exam essays not just once, but twice. He can get a little boring too.
A bit hard to understand, but a very nice guy
My notes from the class were horrendous. Why? Because I couldn't decipher the language he was speaking. It's not his fault and he tries hard. Nice guy and very dedicated.
Hard to understand, but easy class!
I had Professor Hull in the Fall of 1988 (no joke) and still wake up in cold sweats thinking about that first calculus exam. Seriously, the exams were so freaking hard compared to the class work. I got 32 on my first exam...which turned out to be a C. I'm glad I took the class though - tough experiences have been so helpful later in life.
If you don't participate, you'd better be there every single time and ace every test. Olson grades largely on participation. You'll definitely need any books he assigns, because the tests come from book material most of the time and you'll be useless in lectures if you haven't read it. If you work hard, you will do well- even if you're a bit wrong!
Whatever you do DO NOT take him! Tests and quizzes are loaded with trick questions. Even with reading the book I didn't really understand the material. Extremely unprofessional and rude. However, he curves the class A LOT...because a majority of the class would fail otherwise.
I am still in his class but feel the need to post something already. On day one this man explained that he was fired from his position as a psychologist because he called a client a dumbass. His teaching method consists of yelling and arguing with students and his quizzes and tests are loaded with trick questions. He's not professional.
To be completely honest this was the most difficult class I have ever had, and I was premed previously. It's true that he doesnt answer e-mail quickly, if at all. He does know his material, but I believe he let his arrogance get the better of him. He can be vague at times. I read the book, attended class everyday even though it wasnt mandatory
I Think there might be some unresolved issues with this one.
intro to psych lab....only reason i ever knew what i was doing was because of the TA. He doesn't explain very well unless you bug his constantly. funny though..nice guy
Tough tests. Kinda a weirdo, not very clean. Not very personable. Blunt. Knows his stuff but doesn't know how to teach it.
He makes sure that you know everything there is to know about the topic. Be sure to read and know the footnotes. Everything in the book and lecture is testable.
Most of the material is review. Explains in detail and will help if asked. Clarity is a bit sketchy but you get used to it.
Very difficult to comprehend teachings.
Very difficult. Very hard to deal with.
Easy class as long as you do the homework, but her lectures are long, dry, and I sometimes had no clue what shes was talking about. She seems to relate a lot of things back to her belief that aliens have visited us. (which can be pretty entertaining sometimes)
I don't want to be too mean, but this lady has absolutely no clue of what is going on. Class isn't terribly hard, but she is just so flaky and loses her train of thought constantly. she pretty much has completely lost her mind. Her laugh is crazy and quite frankly creepy. Changes the syllabus every other week. complete idiot with computers!
Mythology Online. VERY hard as an online course. Bi-weekly essays due, along with 50 question study guides and timed tests that are due every other week. Lots of homework and reading, very confusing course.
Not very informative. Texts used for this course are laughable. Overall very disappointing, didnt learn much.
don't take her if you don't have to. She looses papers and blames you, she talks about nothing and when she can't get the attention of 2 people she cancels class and gives everyone a pop quiz the next day.
boring as hell. kinda goofy. not much reading required, easy writing assignments. i skipped class regularly and slacked off big time on the homework and still got a b+. however, i've always done well on writing assignments, so unless you do as well, i wouldn't suggest slacking quite so much.
Worst professor I've ever had! I would take my papers to the wrighting center, and have friends proof read them. i would still get poor grades, because he disagreed with the facts in my papers. i was writing about the build up of trucks, that i had actually done in real life. only taught us once
This professor is not good. He gives tests on random crap and doesn't clarify what he wants. He says one thing one day, then changes his mind the next. He doesn't teach much during class, but he expects you to know everything he didn't teach. I don't recomned him.
A pretty hard professor in my opinion. I'm surprised I made it out alive. Very critical of your work. He even corrected a quote in one of my papers, telling me that my friend would not have said it that way. But I'm pretty sure I know what was said.
makes people feel dumb don't take as a early level english class, no one is at college level english according to him.
He talks and talks and talks and there is no point. I can't even follow his endless string of **** because it wanders around so much.
I think I would have enjoyed this class much more had it been in the afternoon. Despite trying to make things interesting, I felt that he rambled on a lot more about things that weren't included in the text. THE TEXT IS POINTLESS. There were times when he came to class unprepared, but it may have been that he tried to give out too many handouts.
personally, he's a great guy, but avoid this class if you can. The fact that classes like this which focus on archaic art and archaic ideas exist detracts from the practical strength of NMU's art program. Ideas in art are good, but we need new ideas... impressionism has been over for a long time.
I will admit in the beggining I dreaded going to class. Lots of drawing assignments. After a while however, I grew to not mind it as much. Very nice guy. You do have to be able to take a laugh once in a while; he is a bit scatterbrained. Take it. It won't hurt I promise....
this guy needs to retire. he is an absolute dipshit. Thinks he has bridged the gap between science and art. doesn't knows jack about science and tries to teach things he isn't qualified for. avoid him like the plague.
Its nice to know that she knows whats shes doing but she goes way to damn fast. Cant follow what she is doing
like the teacher from clueless, she has chalk all over, extremely nice though
Dr. Morris is a really nice lady, but not a great teacher. She moves pretty fast and you have to complete all the work the way she wants in order to do well. The material is pretty tough, but not impossible. While attendance isn't mandatory I recommend going as much as possible because you could miss a lot with one class.
Dr. Morris is a very kind person, but not personal. She moves very fast and doesn't do much to ensure student understanding before moving on. The homework isn't graded, but is super helpful. Make sure you go to the study sessions before the exams! There is a lot of group work, but it isn't set up to ensure it is productive/helpful. Get graph paper!
Granted its a tough class and forces you to think in a different way than youre used to but she was so scattered it was hard to tell what was going on & keep up. Instead of directly answering questions she would talk in circles and sometimes make things more confusing. If you go to her for office hours shes willing to help though. Not recommended!
Terrible teacher. She avoids answering questions and gives you a worksheet on the material before actually teaching it. She can't control a classroom and is unclear about what she wants. Avoid at all costs.
HORRIBLE teacher, nice lady...could not teach well, made things confusing.
She was really nice and funny....but I don't feel I benefited from taking this class.
As someone else noted, he expects you to memorize pages and pages of text for his exams (midterm and final.) He failed half the class at MidTrm. He blamed the class. If you take a web class, you have to plagerize to get good grades. His answers on quizzes often conflict with textbook. I would never take him again except he teaches so many courses.
Horrible teacher. She is good at math, but not at teaching it. The tests were abstract and were more of essays than math questions.
worst teacher ever.. her class isn't hard at all and she treats everyone like kidnergardners. it took her two weeks to teach one section of a chapter... the class was useless to me and i passed with flyer colors even though i was never there. She is a lady on a power trip and should not be teaching!!!!
She really should not be teaching unless its middle school algebra. She expects too much work for the level of the class. The tests hardly relate to the material in the class and if you get the right answer shouldnt that be enough?
He is very knowledgeable on the subject but he shouldn't be teaching. If you miss a lecture you're screwed. His quizzes and exams ask the most confusing questions I have ever seen before, and they are the only things graded. Lectures are all over the place. He is very unapproachable and acts as if you are dumb or a nuisance when you ask a question.
Office hours are pretty much mandatory because the class is super disorganized. There are no powerpoints or anything so the lectures tend to go off on tangents. (He really just calls on students though so it isn't even really lecturing). Anyway, your notes will be a disorganized mess and you will get a practice exam with no answers to study from.
Very entertaining and does good job of applying legal terms to life situations. But the random quizzes and exam questions are ridiculous. Yes, learning this material is possible, but applying the so-called "law knowledge" to tests is too challenging. (Thats why he has a lot of "optional exercises")--because the tests are too ridiculously hard.
She's a sweetheart. She's very flexible. I would take her over and over again.
eh, stats is just not fun, material ineteresting, not the best of teachers
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH HER. It was hell, I was SO happy when I passed with a D. cannot explain anything, moderately condesending.
Nice woman, but very thick accent, illegible handwriting, and overall poor teacher
He wasn't bad. I took it online. I think I just couldn't get interested in the material. The plus side is that if you are taking it online, there are tons of chances for you to get good grades! All you have to do is remember when the quizzes are and study up right before taking them. You'll be fine.
Very bad teacher, does not teach just tells us to check the website
Easy-going, but condecending and occasionally rude in her critiques of your work.
boring.
Was very rude to students when they had a question for her
she is tough and not clear. writing exercise is confusing
I would not be shocked if she was posting positive things on here about herself. She is set in her ways and throws politics in to her class, if you don't agree, you are finished. I would not even reccomend her to my worst enemy. Walking out of her class on the last day was one of my happiest days here at Seton Hall. Stay away.
By the looks of ratings, maybe she got her act together. Took her class in 2000 & she was harsh and uncaring. Failed ppl because they missed classes even if they had an A. Ridiculous! Some ppl had jobs/family/illness/bad weather and had to miss class. Should've looked @ quality NOT quantity! Learned less in this class than I did in high school!
he was a nice guy, but boring as hell, and his exams are tough for the kind of intro class that its suppose to be. BORING!!!!
I was in the writing for electronic media class and it was pretty simple, but just a tip: have it be either your first or last class because we met every other week so i was stuck on campus every other week...it was LAME...the class is easy and hes pretty easy too just make sure you send everything in on time
I had his classes in the late 80's. Looks like he hasn't changed a bit. I Learned more as an intern at a station.
This guy's a dipshit. Got good grades in his class so I don't hate the guy, but he's just a dipshit.
If you're a cute girl you should do fine. Otherwise, not the best instructor. Bor was BORRING!
He expects you to have everything in on perfect time (you will be knocked down for posting on WebCT 15 minutes late), yet he does not feel the need to critique or respond on any reasonable amount of time. He has done less and less as the semester has gone on. Good class, poor teaching.
Your jokes are not that funny..(especially in the morning)
No open to what anyone else thinks might be good design. Puts you on the spot. Expects unrealistic results. Thinks that her class should be our life, and if it's not, we aren't doing good enough. Doesn't have much respect for her students.
Confusing, boring, ****y.
It seems I had a different experience than others in his class....
He is too hyped up. Many undergrads will defend his teaching style because it is relatively easy to reproduce answers on a test rather than actually understand the organic chemistry that is going on. He is great for premeds that are looking for an relatively easy A in orgo2. lots of supplemental help as well. Overall, nothing special.
Unpopular opinion: Iverson is overrated. He talks about running, fish, and plays his trumpet. Everything is always a "time capsule." He has dad humor and is the definition of doing the most. But, he's not a bad teacher, is super passionate about organic chemistry, and provides you with excessive amount of supplemental help.
He always messes up on tests, and they're ninety percent of your grade. Once there were even questions from another class! He knows what he's talking about. He just doesn't organize well. Oh and he'll get mad if you leave the room for anything, or if you yawn.
Not a very nice guy. Does not do ao good job presenting the materail, and screws up on test way too much, sure if you want to joke around all semester take him, but if you actually wanna learn something(and if you are a CJ major, you need to) then i wouldnt recomend him..if he gets mad he will leave
Really tough grader. It's difficult to get an A in here. Really study the exercise packets before each lab period and try to do well on the reading quizzes. There's a lot of activity packed into a 2 hour period. He will help you if you ask, but sometimes answers questions like you should already know the answer.
He can be very rude and make you feel like you're stupid when you ask a simple question. He was in my lab throughout the whole semester and was not of much help. He is a tough grader on assignments and doesn't help much. Luckily, there are no tests in the class.
He isn't nice to students and insults their lack of knowledge on the subject. Does not help if you ask a question and leaves you to figure it out for yourself. I would have loved to take a different professor but he is the only one who instructs this lab. Prepare for the quizzes and bring the book to lab and you'll do okay.
The TA taught the class, the quiz at the beginning of every class is worth 10 points (5 questions, 2 points each) and the worksheet at the end on the class (last 20 minutes of class) is worth 90 points, the combination of both grades is your overall grade for that week. So you can bomb the quiz but do awesome on the on the homework and still pass
Dr. Sullivan wasn't really around. We had a student teacher who helped us way more. When you ask him a question, you almost feel like he's judging you because he has a constant sour face and he snaps at you like you're dumb sometimes. If you don't have to take him, I definitely would not.
His attitude makes you hate him, his class is fair. However he acts as if he is almost to good to answer your questions. By far the most arrogant individual i have ever met and literally walks with his nose in the air. I would never take him, pray that you get the lab student teacher for botany and not him!!
Helpful sometimes but very vague and sometimes gives no hints as to what he wants on the assignment.
Good ole Gene is not mi amigo. He really knows his stuff, and really is a good lecturer, but that's about where it ends. His quizzes are not bueno and he tries to trip you up. They measure your ability to predict the questions he will ask, not your knowledge on the subject. If you end up where you have to take him, good luck. Just study a LOT!
He showed up for the first ten minutes of class on the first day. Didn't see him again, except in the hallway. If you don't know the material you're wasting his time when you ask him for help. Rude, and disinterested in the students in general. The TAs try but he doesn't support them.
Rude
The quizzes really aren't that bad, as long as you are able to memorize. I studied for 1 hour before every quiz and I never failed one!
He's never there!! Who is he ?? If you take him you will probably get stuck with a TA and hopefully not Olga she doesn't speak english very well!
i fell asleep in his class EVERYDAY. i got a suprise B, how? i have nooooo clue... NOT recommended...
I HATE LAB..they talk to fast and they make fun of me when i dont know what i am doing..thank god i have a smart lab partner!!!!
His class is not as hard as everyone says it is... as long as you can memorize then youll do fine in his class. I usually only studied like an hour before lab and I always did fine on his quizzes. If you can keep your quiz average up then the final is not so stressful.
he is never there you will get a ta and if they are new you stuck out READ YOU LAB BOOK you have to you will fail if you don't do this you will be ok!!
His class is extremely difficult. He tries to be funny and answer your questions but it gets so boring in his classes. If you don't like Bio, do not take this class. He makes it so hard and there is no extra credit for people who try but just don't get it.
NNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! Simply stated
TA's teach class; loved M. Long- she tried everyway she could to make you understand material. Final is the only time you'll see him- tries to orientate each slide so there's less confusion.
SAw him 2x all semster, TA s teach...quizzes are over small details. VERY HARD
Horrible class. Go somewhere else to take it. No one cares about helping you.
I'm a history major and this was one of the hardest lower level history classes I have ever taken. She is so hard to follow, he lectures are a million years long and not clear at all. She doesn't teach chronologically, she teaches by topic which is stupid when you're talking about history.
I do not recommend this class whatsoever. Dr. Malpass has more degrees than you can count and is the smartest lady alive. That said, you will not learn anything sitting in class, and the tests are impossible. I studied for two weeks straight and she said my test was a good one. I got a C- on it. This is unnecessarily an IMPOSSIBLE class. AVOID.
She is hard and her lecture are hard to listen to due to the fact that she like to take rabbit's trails. But if you go to her office she will help you and just show effort and that will help your grade. this course isn't a easy A and Beware with that cup
She knows her history. She's a hard teacher that wants you to know every bit of your notes and your book. You MUST read the book! Tests are all essay/short answer. You can't read her handwriting, so you must go talk to her about your grade after tests. Overall, a decent teacher, but hard! If you don't go to class, choose a different prof.
This has got to be the worst class I have ever taken. She talks the entire time, requires you to take notes to turn in. If she writes something on the board you usuall can't read it. The tests are fill in te blank, identify, and essay. Know everything, midterm, final and a project are the only grades. I will NEVER take her class again!
The problem with this professor is her teaching style. She is obviously knowledgeable about her subject, but her lack of organization makes the class not only difficult, but unenjoyable. She is neither topically nor chronologically consistent. In addition, she sometimes makes statements that contradict the textbook.
Malpass said in class that she thought freshman do not deserve an A. I studied my brains out. On one test she assigned us to read a paper, I studied the content for hours; then she asked one question about it on the test, Name the author? ?&#
The personality of this professor is good, but this class is incredibly terrible. Shook offers life term consulting, but I doubt I could get into a good graduate school with my grade on this class. Take the alternative class if u have a choice
The workload for this class wasn't bad. It was 5 short papers, lab assignments, and 3 take-home exams. However, Dyer isn't good at explaining things and the slideshows were all pictures with no words. I also found that grades for female students often reflected whether or not they were flirtatious with him and not the quality of their work.
Only take if you like lots of computer stuff....he does EVERYTHING on the computers....
She is very strange and a little annoying but overall she knows her subject really well. The church visits are a pain and your grade usually isn't equal to the amount of work you put in.
NOt a very good professor.. opiniated, confusing lectures.. expects that everyone in the class is as religious as her.. boring boring lectures.. pretty easy exams.. church visits are pretty annoying to do on weekend!
Professor Powers is truly as she calls herself a "psycho-b**** professor". Avoid her class at all costs, as its her way or the high way. Look out for her while playing Frisbee golf, I hear she's out to prove a point!
What to say about dr. eyebrows that hasn't already been said...all she talks about is pentocostalism in a class that is supposed to talk about a whole load of denominations. I think that she should not teach that class, and learn how to write better.
Good old Dr. Eyebrows!! Well that is atleast what I like to call her. The class would be better if it wasn't just her opinion about different relgions. And she has the sloppiest handwriting ever.
She rarely talks about the actual topic, i know way too much about her family and life. But if you do the reading the tests are Super easy! Plus she gives so many bonus questions. The class is fun but you probably won't learn anything, most of the stuff i learned is from the books, which i thought were interesting for the most part.
She is soo wrapped up in her own narrow minded activism that she forgets she is teaching a class. I respect her views, but just because you are knowlegable doesnt make you a good teacher. She is a ****, ****, and disrespectful to her students ideas. I do not believe she should be allowed to represent the University of Delaware as a teacher.
I did like the class at first, until my first grade- very hard grader and i ever got accused of plariarism- which is so stupid- and so not right- I really dont like her- trust me, take another professor
she's crazy, point blank. I'm pretty sure I now know about every single african american in the world.
Doesn't explain essays well, disorganized, can't communicate well w/ students.
Her grading system sucks and if youre white she'll make you hate yourself for it
didnt like her at all, she tries to be funny but isnt
she's really excited about what she teaches. Put in effort and you'll do well.
unfair grading; makes fun of students; loud and obnoxious; popquizes hard
my favorite thing she does is answer her cell phone and take the call in the middle of the class. awesome.
She's a nice lady, very outgoing and eccentric. But as far as teaching,she's not the best. She really doesn't like to review any basic grammar problems we had, which is irritating. But there are no quizzes, tests or a final. Only three papers we had to write. So you can slide by even if you don't really understand what is said in class.
you have to go to class and do all of the homework to get a passing grade in the class. she makes class fun and is probably a little crazy and will make you laugh, but unless you are a natural you have to basically teach yourself, as she moves very fast sometimes barely answers your questions
nice lady , reallly funny ... but not too good of a teacher - pretty difficult class, especially hard tests
Nice Lady... kinda crazy but bad teacher
Seems to be compassionate about what he is teaching, however his learning style is not for everyone. I would not take him again because his learning style is very difficult for me to pay attention too and learn from. Answers questions willingly and wants you to learn. Hard grader, and confusing tests.
Doesn't really lecture. He has a packet of information on every topic. He just tells you to learn that. Basically you have to teach yourself. He does "reverse lecture" where you watch videos and teach yourself at home, and just "ask questions" in class while you do a review sheet. When you ask questions, he'd say "Well it was in the video"
LAB: A&P is hard enough as is, but this prof sure won't help make it any easier. Makes you learn the material on your own, doesn't teach any of the class period even the period before an exam. After an exam if people don't do well he puts rude posts on BB talking about how unprepared students are and how we are going to fail this class.
Very nice guy and much more helpful one-on-one than during lab. He tends to zip through pp slides,focuses on some things that are not in the SPO, but skips things that are.
Hard professor. Be prepared to do a lot of work on your own and going home and teaching yourself because all you do in class is color pictures of certain sections and then have to teach yourself everything else. Goes way to fast, not really helpful
He skips over a lot of terms and material that is needed for exams. You have to use your book a lot because he is vague on a lot of things when he is teaching. We do a lot of diagram coloring in class, which only helps to a certain extent. He does give study guides before tests which helps a lot but takes FOREVER to grade them!
He's a decent instructor, but definitely plays favorites. I was pregnant during his lab, and for safety reasons, could not partake in the cadavar lab (it was HIS idea for me to opt out)...on our last exam, he gave the entire class 4 extra credit points, except for me, because I didn't do the cadavar portion. I just thought it was completely unfair.
Very hard class. Had recieved an A in 121 and did poor in 122. His tests are hard. Few tests so dont mess up on them. His lab class had 3 tests with no exam and lecture had 3 tests with a exam. This includes no homework to help out your grade. I do not recomend him as a professor. Take 121 or 122 with someone else.
good luck. he is a smart guy but expects too much. Unless this is your only class and your willing to put all of your free time towards studying, i would suggest switching teachers. his tests are extremely hard. you also dont go over everything that is on the tests which means you have to learn extra material on your own. lots of work!
His tests are ridiculous. If you are not one of the favorite students, it seems like he makes sure you do not do well. As much as you may study for his tests, they are not even what he goes over in the outline. Several other teachers told me his book is a joke. If you have a chance, do not take his class.
I would not take any classes with this teacher. He expects you to know a lot of information, he only goes over the main 5 or 6 mechanisms and then expects you to know the rest for your test. The tests are so hard! He is kind of rude unless you are one of the 'smart' ones in the class. I study very hard yet I get below a b- on every test!
class seems easy at first, but when the test come, they are like a foreign language, he doesn't explains things well, he is not usefull
His teaching style is unlike many that I have had in the past. For a anatomy physi class he does not stress a lot of things that are important. His tests are all over the place with points some worth 88 others 98 or 100. He grades in a weird way, i wouldn't take him again.
visual learning teacher
He is a very hard teacher! His tests are purposefully tricky, even if you understand the material! The only way to do good in this class is if you already work in a hospital or something and have a good background on anatomy. I would not take this with him if this is your first time in anatomy!
I liked Krieger, but I have heard lots of people do not, I think if you like diagrams and listening in class, it is pretty easy!
I would only recommend taking Krieger if you're awesome at A&P and very good at preparing for a test on things not covered in the class. He is a very smart man, very smart, but he is not smart enough to know how to teach a class effectively. I would never, ever tell anyone to sign up for his class!
I had him for 121 lab. And he was very rude. I have never seen a cadaver b4 and when he first showed them to my class he was knocking on the heads and talking about roast beef... not cool at all. and his lab tests were very tricky.
Not many people in my class liked his teaching style but I thought it was alright. He is a nice guy but the tests were pretty tricky. probably wont take him again.
giant cheesewad, tests were moderatly hard
his teaching format is excellent, but his tests are almost impossible to pass. He's probably the most frustrating teacher i've ever had.
He was a very hard teacher. He just flies along in the course. As soon as he is done with one test he flies to the next one. I didn't even feel that I had anytime to ask questions.
You DON'T want to have this teacher for this course! His tests are insanely hard!
Know your stuff! He is hard! Read and know your notes! Study, Study, Study!!! He knows it all so you better know it as well! He is GOOD, but you have to know everything!
Very unnecessairly hard. Most are failing, few are passing. Not willing to assist, just say's look at outlines. Blames students for failure.
Erratic, crude, and aggravating. He may be great for some places, but not Marymount. He decides if he'll like you or not the very first day of class. If he doesn't, any confidence you thought you had will be blown half to hell. He works for some people, for others his way of teaching is damaging and counterproductive.
What a waste of money! The professor seems great but he didn't teach us a thing! The whole grade is based on one research paper that he didn't take the time to really explain the subject matter to us. Very frustrating.
This class was just boring and the fact that he required attendance made it miserable.
don't need to go to class, though he is terrible for asking a question on the final about the color of his damn sweater on one of the days in class... tests are all based on the book. great material though
Ok. in the 07-08, the class was changed drastically--new book, no mandatory discussion, no cumulative final. basically this class is pretty easy. in class all he does is tell stories that LOOSELY follow the material so i suggest going to class when you feel like BUT STUDY THE BOOK BEFORE THE TEST AND YOU'LL GET A B OR HIGHER NO DOUBT!
i had the 8am class through waitlist and it sucked! try really hard to get the afternoon session, even though i don't think that will help you out of boredom in the class. lectures were long and posted on toolkit. lots of formula memorization. but i guess if you're precomm you have to take it. good luck staying awake! marketing section was fun
Didn't like the class. Material could have been really interesting. Atchison is unenthusiastic. If you are considering the Comm school, the class is certainly survivable but I wouldn't recommend it otherwise. We mostly focused on a firm's finances, not all aspects of running a business, although there was a section of marketing.
You have to attend classes in order to do your quiz, but other than that he lectures based on slides only. Explains fairly well when asked, but he doesn't seem that passionate about the material. Better than Petit however. This class has its material all over the place, and needs to be more organized and methodical.
The class is not that difficult. However, Prof. Atchison is not a good professor. He goes off on wild tangents a forgets to cover material that will be on the test. He doesn't care about teaching. He even told us he didn't care about his evaluations cause he had tenure. Take the other prof.
Atchison is a really funny guy and has great stories, but the accounting part of the course can kill you. Looks easy at the beginning, but gets hard VERY fast. Study hard.
made you memorize too many useless accounting equations. his stories kept things interesting though
Easy class, but be aware: he often makes standards appear lower than they are.
Fossett is a great guy, but his class is rough. Very lecture heavy, he usually goes over class time continuing with new topics. He will fill every last minute of class time with lecture, so prepare for topics to be started one class and finished a week later. He doesn't explain some things well, leading to a lot of confusion. Wouldn't recommend.
Good guy, poor orgo professor. Textbook assignments don't match lecture material. Very confusing explanations. Claims hw sets will prepare for the exam - they don't. Uses confusing POGIL book. Does not keep current with posting online material. I feel ill-prepared for the MCAT, and I'm usually a 3.8-4.0 student in upper-div bio classes.
Fossett is extremely boring and his lectures are very long. But he was understanding in letting me have an extension on a makeup test.
He is not very considerate to your prior obligations or if something very important comes up
He's very intelligent. Intelligent does not automatically mean kind. He frequently mocks other religions and will make fun of you if you question him. I took this class while going through a lot of spiritual turmoil, and his intolerance only made it worse. You'll learn, but it's at the cost of pandering to him if you want a good grade as well.
Demanding class for non theology majors. Can be extremely disrespectful of other religions besides Christianity. Full attendance with diligent note taking is a must for comprehension. If you need to take a theology class for Aquinas and are not interested in theology or are nto religious or Christian, I would not recommend this professor's classes.
Please! His adittude is not befitting of a professor, he may want to make you "think" but that becomes code for "think my way" while I enjoyed his style, at times I would be quite offended as he made other religios seem "base" to christianity. He is ok, and a level of tolerance is needed to participate in his class. SEE HIM BEFORE WRITING ANYTHING!
eww and yuck! i hate people like this man, and sitting in a class for weeks on end with an intolerant, patriarch is disgusting. Take good notes or you'll be screwed. extremely biased and overly opinionated. Papers are rediculous considering his grading technique and unfairness, and idea of what a religion paper is not an english paper. ugh!!!
Extremely biased and opinionated. If you don't agree with him you don't get an A.
Stated that believing in god is the only difference b/t humans and animals, insulted animals' intelligence, then said I was paranoid for thinking the class might not be good for me since I'm agnostic.
Likes to pick favorites. It's her way of writing, not yours. Was recommened to take her, I did, and now I dont recommend anyone to take her.
Out in la la land... okay for someone who teaches creative writing, I guess... but she is sort of scattered and not specific about what she wants
Do not take dar dar rivs for a freshman seminar, people say that there is no way out but there is. FIND A WAY AND GET OUT. This was one of my hardest classes I have ever taken. She is a super tough grader, thank God for advisor they give you because if it wasn't for her I wouldn't have made it. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
AVOID taking Rivas at all costs. Her class is unnecessarily and unfairly difficult. Lectures=boring, textbooks=boring, but necessary. Tests are EXTREMELY difficult and excruciatingly detailed as are study guides (one w/ answers was over 28 pages long!) You can expect to work really hard and only receive a C tops. Nice lady, but horrible teacher!!
Don't take her class unless you really really don't have any other option! She is super nice and will help you but it doesn't do any good because her lectures don't have barely any synthesis and her tests are really difficult. The test seemed to be unnecessarily difficult and the multiple choice questions were horribly detailed.
She's a really nice lady, but I don't like the way she teaches. Her lectures are hard to follow, the PowerPoint slides are disorganized, and the reading assignments are way too long (I've had to read more for her class than for Great Books this semester). The exams are pretty difficult, although she doesn't grade too hard on essays, surprisingly.
This class is a joke. The lectures are 60 slides that you can get online after class. The teacher is really nice but will tear your tests apart. If you take her, plan to study really hard and still get an average grade.
This class is a headache. The lectures are never ending. She is very friendly however her lectures are not clear and she has way too much material it is just confusing. If you ask a question you will just be more confused than ever! Don't take this class. The tests are ok except if you don't write exactly what she wants forget it!
She knows her stuff, but should not be a professor. She is not cut out to teach and doesn't seem to care if students are interested or learning the material.
His lectures are lawful. Moves through the slides so fast and theres so much information in just one slide. Only get 10 minutes to take a 10 question quiz which he considers "open note". You dont need the text book at all. He lets you do the course online class is bearable but definitely too big a learning curve to be a required gen ed. Good luck!
Really heavy on lectures that are not interesting. He didn't really use the planetarium, maybe once or twice. You can go to class every day but still manage to end up with a low grade. The tests were really difficult. Its nice he really likes what he teaches but I still wouldn't take another class with the guy.
Professor Bush is a really cool person. Very enthusiastic and loves to teach. However, his tests and quizzes are not his. He does not write is own exams so when he gives a lecture or a study guide, it is practically useless. Do not take him for ASTRO 105 because it is difficult to pass the class with anything higher than a B.
Textbook was required yet I never had to use it. Too much information provided to be able to memorize all of it for the tests. The class was held in the planetarium yet we only used it maybe twice. Attendance was not mandatory, however there were in class assignments every class
Really hard for an intro class. His exams were hard and attending class was mandatory because we did a lot of in class assignments. I would not expect an intro class to be so hard. I was really interested in astrology, but this class and professor made me dislike it.
Not a hard class by any means. Show up and manage to pay attention.
Good guy, HORRIBLE prof. Too much information. Had to take the class twice to pass with just a C. He seems fake because all he does is have you copy notes down all hour. boring. Grade is based on quizzes and tests only.
Notes and in-class assignments every class, so it's good to attend class and you'll get easy points. Sometimes he messes up on examples for the notes and talks too much. Fairly easy to get a decent grade.
Prof. Bush was extremely corny. Toward the end of the semester he rushed to get a lot of information, which made the class more difficult, but he's an okay teacher!
He teaches only from doing examples on excel. Sure, you can whip out excel in class and for ONLINE homework, but what are you supposed to do when you have to take a huge exam with paper and pencil? Good luck. There are no real notes or powerpoints for reference.
He treats you like an employee. Most concepts were breezed through, but this is a hard class. The life skills this prof brings to class more than makeup for his shortcomings. This man served on the ethics committee for Indiana during the Enron scandal, and is a referee for D1 sports. 201 is a hard class, don't expect any teacher to be better.
I do not recommend Prof. Birr, he starts class everyday talking about the latest sports updates. He strays from topic causing things to be confusing. He uses the book sometimes when he wants to give an example problem, but not much besides that. He lectures with out much guidance. He tends to just ramble on and on throwing things that comes to mind
Worst teacher I have ever had. Being a visitng student, I've never had such difficulty understanding a teacher. Much outside work will be needed to be done if you want a decent grade. Good luck being your own teacher with having this teacher
You need to know any pre rec. accounting skills perfectly. Then the class is easy.
HIS EXAMS ARE RIDICOUlOUS, DON"T TAKE HIM IF YOU VALUE YOUR GPA,AND I AM A HISTORY MAJOR DON'T LISTEN TO WHAT OTHERS SAY WHEN HE IS A NICE PROFESSOR, HE IS NOT ONLY HARD BUT ALSO NOT VERY COMPASSIONATE, WHEN IT COMES TO SHOWING SOME LENIENCY WHILE GRADING TESTS, FOR NON-WESTERN COURSE, TAKE BARBIR, HE IS MUCH EASIER COMPARED TO HARRISON!
I was originally supposed to be online, but the first day he switched it to asynchronous. Funny because he wants you to go to his office hours to interact with students. Your grade is based on like six assignments total and he doesn't post grades so you don't know what you have till midterms or finals. Not sure how this man is a professor.
So my class was originally in person during this year but switch to online since he thought it would be best for us. I didn't really enjoy the in-person version of his class since he would get off topic a lot. When online with his slides and lecture videos, he somehow found a way to get off topic during those. Nice guy, but not suited for teaching
I was okay with Nartey, but it went downhill fast. We're online so he would post notes and lecture videos. In each video, he would talk and get off topic about his life, our "higher education", and that people wanted to know their grades (which he doesn't post at all). He is just disorganized, confusing, and gives little help. I would try to avoid
Very hard to understand during lecture due to his thick accent, hard to follow during lectures, and attendance is MANDATORY...
Nartey wants you to learn from the readings, then discuss it in class. It's not bad. The bad part is just dealing with him sometimes. He puts a major emphasis on Africa (he was hired originally to teach African studies). He gives a quiz every Friday where you have to write an essay in 20 minutes. He literally tells you the question in advanced.
He gives a big chuck of reading that is due by the end of the week but asks you about it on first day of class of that week so it is a lot of reading. and not to mention the 20 minute essay quizzes where it is really hard to get a perfect score. Also he has an accent that makes it hard to understand sometimes.
Nartey makes it pretty hard to get full credit on his assignments. He has high expectations and will expect all readings to be done over the weekend and discussed in class. He is from Ghana and has an accent I found difficult to follow at times.
Prior to taking his class I read the reviews on here and they were intimidating. Some of them are true. He wasn't as bad as I expected but his grading system is crazy and inconsistent. Almost every week you have 20 minutes to write an "essay" on the reading he assigned and he drops the lowest grade.
Nartey has very high expectations for students. He wants them to succeed and therefore gets mad when he doesn't see effort. He is from Ghana but accent is not bad at all honestly. Genuinely funny sometime. Lectures can ramble but class isn't that difficult. Gives test/quiz questions ahead of time. Avoid for HIST 101, take the electives he teaches
Although he does speak about his private life a lot, it is important to note that getting a good grade in this class is not hard. I got an A, he gives you the quiz questions beforehand, yes more work for a lower class but not difficult.
Difficult class to keep up with. He assigns a lot of reading material and then quizzes you not only on his "lectures," but about the smallest details in the readings.Only good thing was that he would sometimes give us the quiz (essay) question beforehand. Ten page paper also due at the end of the semester. He's not TERRIBLE, but look for other opti
First thing. I enjoy history. I personally find it interesting. However with this guy there is no interest only pain awaits. He gives readings and expects you to know every little detail and you need to know it because thats what he quizzes you on. Not to mention if you call him Mr. He gose on and brags about his PHD. Avoid him like the plague.
While this class can be difficult, due to the lack of structure and adherence to the syllabus, and his comments to the class can be more than a little condescending, it is not impossible to get an A. I did, but I had to work fairly hard. Nothing extreme, though.
I am currently a junior and I will say that this is by far one of the hardest courses I have ever had to take. I have taken the upper level and it was much easier. Do not take this course unless you want to challenge yourself. Be prepared to do massive amounts of reading and get used to you being the teacher rather than him.
Hard but reasonable teacher. He has a very strong accent so at times it gets a little hard to understand what he is saying. Quizzes are not bad as long as you do the reading, he gives out the question the day before the quiz and grades them out of 3 points. Uses a lot of videos to fill up time and excepts you to attend all classes.
This man knows a lot about history, but doesn't let his students speak in class. He says he wants our opinion, but doesn't ask any questions. Expect to do a lot of reading in order to do well on the quizzes and exams.
dont take him ever. you have to read the text book if you want to pass at all because his lectures suck. if you have to take him, dont bother him in class. if you participate willingly, good luck. he thinks everything you say is wrong. dont skip class, be late or fall asleep ever. avoid him at all costs.
dont expect good grade. lots of work. unfair. ridiculous amount of reading is expected. he likes to lecture class daily about his policies.
I rarely read and still got a C, but he was very unfair and rude with grading things even if something you wrote was exactly what he had said he would still criticize it.
IF you are in honors history with this guy, you'll almost always get a good grade. He loves the smart kids. he calls them his "cream of the crop." Just do the papers every week and give your opinions and say what you feel was the most influenti
this is a class for idiots, i have never read or opened the book, and i have an a in this class, he just loves africa!
HARD PAPERS, Med. TEST, DONT MISS CLASS!
I could teach the class with much more skill and knowledge than this joke of a professor could. He views Siena students as third-rate, subhuman, jagoffs. His grades have no basis in reality, only in his fictional world of anger toward everyone.
Father Dan is the man
Tests are extremely confusing, not well worded. Very boring.
good job
the class is completely boring and she tests on the stupidest things. she grades essays unfairly.
exam essays are awful! expects u to know useless facts, not important stuff
If you are NOT a math person then I would not take this class. Before every class he gives a quiz so if you don't understand the material you are going to fail. Make sure you go to him for extra help.
You should probably only take this one class your whole semester, that is how much studying is required to receive a decent grade here.
sexy!! but the tests will get you if you don't study
loves him self to much, jerk
TOOK HIM FOR LEGAL ENVIROMENT OF BUS. HIS CLASS WASNT SO BAD AND HES AN OK GUY TO LISTEN TO BUT HIS TESTS WERE IMPOSSIBLE!! MORE THAN HALF MY CLASS HAD TO DROP THE CLASS, INCLUDING MYSELF JUST BECAUSE THERE WAS NO WAY TO PASS HIS TESTS. I WOULD AVOID TAKING HIM.
Tudor definately taught his class as if he was anticipating everyone to attend law school. He also through out cases in his lectures as if the entire class was already briefed. It is very important to remember the examples he goes over in class. I still don't know where he got some of the questions from. He should invest in Ralph Lauren Polo!
This guys style of teaching is rediculous. He puts 10 or more chapters on one exam, questions that had answers such as "Both a and b", "Both b and c", and "none of the above," in every question. I attended every class, read every chapter, made out note cards, highlighted in the book, and i received a "D."
And Bus Law. He very irogant and narcissistic. Who spends the entire first day of class talking about himself. He has many degrees and is very smart but to anal retentive to use his brain. Another one of those could be great profs gone bad. If you are taking Int Bus Fin be prepared to write a lot
Really long and boring lectures. The class is about semantic html, flexbox and grid. His teaching style is not the best and the feedback is vague. The class is same as it251 but more boring and assignments are graded very late. I wouldnt recomment this class as it did nothing for me! a couple videos on YT helped would be better!
Mandates a very specific way to complete programming assignments, which is not industry-standard & makes it hard to search online for help. Doesn't answer emails for help/assistance. And changed our final from online async to in person last minute, & had no empathy for students who had booked flights home prior to the exam time.
DO NOT TAKE HIM! He doesn't grade his own hw, he has someone else do it and that person sucks at it! His lectures are incredibly boring. He doesn't explain the concepts very well either, it is hard to learn.
Good guy, but really boring and monotone. Very hard to stay awake in the class.
She has a PHD in history but has a hard time applying lectures online and making them easy to follow - everything is scattered. The syllabus says due dates are Thur/Sun but she'll sometimes switch them around causing missed assignments if you're not constantly on it. Her quizzes aren't clear and some questions have her opinion so it's confusing.
EXCESSIVE WORK.The quizzez are confusing& hard, & i did all the work(many videos, ppts, readings, etc) for every thurs and satur. In discussions boards you must use all sources &writealmost an essay or else she takes points away & then respond to other two people very detailed and using all sources. just this last part took me about 3-4 hours.:(
Really not as great of a teacher as what everyone says on here. She is bi-polar. She can be quite rude sometimes and call students out and embarrass them in front of everyone. I don't like how she lectures she stands up in the middle of class and lectures, no powerpoints or anything she does try to help sometimes by hinting what to write down.
Has you buy 4 books and barely uses them. Has you buy a CD text with one of her essays on it for like $40 so she can collect the royalties. If you do the project you must do a topic about women for any chance at an A, if you catch my drift. When she does show up she is late and gets angry at herself for it. She is a scatterbrain. Not recomended.
She was so mean and very discouraging. She doesn't even follow her own dricetions. Grades hard and gives A LOT of homework.
totally cool but kinda scattered
He is extremely rude and makes very inappropriate comments about girls bodies. He can be very funny at times but the tests are very hard plus he is a harsh grader. Would never recommend him to anyone.
I have to say I do not agree with the others that have said you will learn a lot about Economics in this class. Not true! Dr. Cummings is obviously a very intelligent man but this does not necessarily make for a good teacher. The midterm and final are way too hard because the fundamentals of economics are never taught!!
If you dont know Econ front and back take a different professor because you learn almost nothing from this professor....he is really nice and but in class he just goes off on random stories that dont really have anything to do with the class..if you do take this class STUDY alot!!! and know that over half of the class will drop!..
Great Liberal ideology, but not a great teacher. Unless you already have a great understand and interest in economics, do not take this class. He's goes off on tangents, and even though he's a riot to listen to, not very useful for the tests. Only 3 exams, barely any homework and the exams are ridiculously hard. Honestely, take someone else
While he does teach a very difficult class, he provides a lot of information. His test are hard, if you don't study. He tells you exactly what you need to do to succeed in his class. And despite what people have said he is forgiving.
HE SHOULD BE TEACHING GRADUATE CLASSES IN ECONOMICS, BECAUSE HE TEACHES AS IF YOU CAN READ HIS MIND OR ALREADY KNOW ALL THERE IS TO KNOW ABOUT THE SUBJECT
grades on generous curve (82% and above is an A) but this is because the class is ridiculously hard.
I took his class and barely made it out. He spends most of the class blabbering on and on about unrelated things. He is willing to help if you ask, just stop by his office and ask away. The 10 percent curving helps alot.
Was very difficult, dropped mid-way
This class is very hard. The only people that don't drop the class are the people that have already taken it once. He teaches based on his beliefs not the facts. Do ALL of the extra credit and make sure he knows who you are-this will come in handy.
Difficult teacher. Difficult tests. Has a lot to say, mostly the same stories over and over because he cannot remember telling them the first time. Very harsh at times.
Should retire. Too many personal opinions. Much of class is spent copying overhead projections that are unclearly handwritten or typed. He could pass out an outline and spend the time explaining his points, but is too lazy to do so.
Need to spend ALOT of time studying and doin' ex. credit work!
hard
do not slack off
i thought he was funny, but the class was hard
quit your day job if you want to do well
very tough exams, funny guy
Very nice man, helps you if you go to office hours. Strange way of teaching, but is passionate about philosophy and loves class participation. If you do the reading you will be fine with the "pop-quizzes" and the papers are never too long or difficult.
Very unclear and hard top understand. He could have been speaking in Hebrew and I wouldn't have understood it any better. On the plus, he IS a good guy, and DOES want his students to learn. BUT- too smart for his own good; SCATTERBRAIN.
Really nice teacher, but can be vague often and not as helpful as you want
Great person. Very below average teacher. Not very organized and there is never a specific plan of class objectives. Not much work involved overall, but you knowledge of French will not improve by taking this course
Def. take Professor Howe over Zielonka if you have the choice. He assigns readings but you never have to do them because he just goes over them during class. The class is so boring its almost unbearable. He says there's an attendance policy but all you have to do is be there for the days you have an assignment due. Such a waste of money and time.
Nice man, but that's an entirely seperate entity from his teaching ability. He speaks english all class. Don't bother reading, he goes over the readings word for word in class. Sits at/on his desk and talks AT the class for 1 hr and 15 mins. You'll do well, but you'll learn nothing.
He is a nice person; however, he is a terrible professor. He sits at his desk and reads straight from the book in English. The class was a waste of time overall, I am literate, I could just as easily read aloud from the book and gain the same understanding. Also, it is very difficult to get above an A- in his class. He gives a lot of A (-)s.
I am still trying to figure out what his purpose is at this school? To get that paycheck or to teach something? I think it's time for him to retire now before he loses all dignity(if he hasn't already)!
There is definitely a difference among teachers who are here because they love teaching and there are teachers who are here simply to keep a check coming in and Zielonka is definitely here for the paycheck!
Way too arrogant to relate to students. He needs an attitude adjustment really fast! He is so set in his ways that it's no wonder that students are sleeping during the class! It makes you wonder why he is not working in England! Could it be that he was even too arrogant for England!
Desperately needs to do something to make the class more exciting. I had trouble staying awake if it wasn't for him making us read aloud like we're in 3rd grade. Please do something more for the class!!!
Nice person, means well, but needs badly to spice up the class. Too much English is spoken and all you do is 4 essays to get your grade. I had high school classes that were harder.
Extremely easy but also extremely BORING:(. If you can stay awake through the class then by all means go for the easy A.
French lit with Zielonka is one of the most boring classes in the world. not overly hard, just hard to stay awake!
Do not read anything unless u are writing a paper on it! VERY EASY! GREADES EASY!
Easiest class in my college career. I swear this guy lets EVERYTHING slip.
Don't think he'll be back..had for honors lit he was horrendous
Sr. Nuala was not very nice to my class. She graded unfairly and got extremely angry and rude when you tried to talk to her about her method of grading. She gets defensive and takes it personal instead of trying to look at it from a college student's point of view. I don't think anyone in my class felt comfortable approaching her. Not a fair prof.
so so class. she will shoot you down on anything you write-watch out. if you take her, don't plan on making deans list unless your a prodigy.
pretty boring class. nice guy. hard to get an A on the papers.
This professor picks on the same 5 students the whole semester. Hes anal, and boring. One of the worst religion teachers I have had in years.
Lectures are pointless besides being entertainment. Read the books to pass
Jim Greenlee is absolutely insane. His grading systems are ridiculously complex, his lectures have nothing to do with his homework, and god forbid you show up late for an exam. However, Jim Greenlee will separate the wheat from the chaff. If you can pass his class, you deserve to be a computer scientist, and if not, you don't. He is a great man.
I loved Jim's class so much, I took it twice! Actually, I sincerely hated this man.
The class, like every class he taught, was not any more instructive than the class's text. Test problems either followed directly from the book or, at the other end, had only to do with abstract problem solving. So read the book, write some code based on another class's website, and then wait (and pray) for someone else to teach it.
Very un-empathetic and way too sarcastic to teach. Delights in making students' lives hell.
brutal man
Come back, Jim. Show the wankers they have no chance to become dangerous, incompetant industry professionals.
He knows his subject but he is smug and his teaching style is little more than outright proselytizing for his brand of Christianity while making fun of any religions which he can get away with. The subject matter of this class (the fall of the Roman empire) feeds into it but sitting through the hour and twenty minute session is misery
Yes, great lecturer--but. He tends to insist on god too much, drawing silly diagrams about what Dark Age charlatans thought about the soul. He assumes you are a Christian, which you best keep in mind writing the essays. For the irreligious, his class is generally hard to stomach. A fastidious, captious and invective grader to boot.
I liked her and the class...until I got my grade for the course. It was lower than what I should have received. Also, heard had a classmate tell me that she turned her head about students missing way too many classes and did not lower grade. For a gen ed - I would not recommend!
Take this with another professor
Three exams, no HW. Practice problems arent provided (unless counting the Shaum book on the sylabus where you can find said problems yourself). Material that is basically review from undergrad with a little extra ompf + straight forward questions on exams + terrible "teaching" extremely difficult & stressful exams.
1 crib sheet for each of 3 exams and for final use all 3. No homework. Smart guy but did not always explain how to fully do a problem. Ask him questions and he will help you.
He is AWESOME ! ! ! ! !
I like his attitude... He is good.
Preferably banned from teaching.
Very easy. Soft science. The reading is mostly Tannen's own work, and the theory is all from her point of view. She talks about herself and her own work most of the time. She's nice, but it's not a very intellectually rigorous class. Then again, sociolinguistics is not the most intellectually rigorous field.
I was very disappointed in Dr. Tannen. One of the qualities a good professor should have is to make students feel welcome in the classroom regardless of major. As a non-Linguistics major, I felt marginalized, and I was not the only student who felt that way.
She may be from Venus but her bogus pop linguistics puts her bank account on Mars. Its all money honey.
Skips key steps in homework solutions, which gets rid of clarity you would hope the solutions would provide. Hard homework problems that class won't prepare you for. Be ready to be tested on all the math you've ever learned, not just what he teaches you in the course. Don't skip class, don't be late (or you'll be too busy writing to listen).
I spend the last 45 minutes of class waiting when its over. His notes are messy, so you need to take notes, but he goes too fast and stands in front of the board after writing something, so you cant take notes. Didn't like him. He just says 'right' after everything until someone in the class agrees with him. HW take waaaay too long.
He's probably not the worst prof you'll ever have, but avoid him if you can. Not a strong lecturer; which is a shame considering that he's very knowledgeable on the subject matter, but conveys that knowledge poorly.
A very very tough grader!
Pretty disorganized and lectures were not engaging to me
this man's corrections were incorrect or just opinions.
Paul Endo was my prof during the COVID crisis. He was not well equipped for this. Many of the usual class activities did not work online. He further had no idea how to use the technology and therefore lectures were often long and tiresome. Would not recommend him but if you have to have him, you'll be okay.
First class we had he told us no one gets above 80 ever. Not exactly the greatest encourager. Also, beware of differing opinions because he does not know how to comprehend that people have different views other than his own.
Not charismatic or interesting, I was asleep half the lectures, which is unusual for me and deadly for a summer course. Though none of the works or concepts were new to me, I got nearly 10% less than I usually do. Worst part is that his dull, lacking analysis doesn't even come close to meeting the insane standard he sets for his students. AVOID!
Prof Endo is able to make you think critically about topics and fully unfold an argument. However, it was unclear what he expects of his students, so it is difficult to receive a good grade. Overall, this course was interesting, but I would not take it again if I would not have to
Aside from his extremely hard marking, I found that he wasn't helpful when approached for advice. Approaching him in itself was a challenge because he doesn't come off as very friendly when talking. His essay topics are strict.
hard marker
He is a strict marker
He is picky with essay topics and is a very strict marker.
Endo actually admits that his class averages "tend to be lower" than other profs give??and this proved to be correct! So does this mean to suggest that he intentionally wishes to lower students' grades? There isn't even a trade off in the quality of lectures, Endo's thoughts were usually uninteresting, despite some decent novels on the syllabus.
class is rather interesting, but a very strict marker.
hes a hard marker.
Hmm...I'm still taking his course right now, but I find it very frustrating! The comments I receive on my papers seem to basically say that my interpretation is wrong and his is right. I guess I'll have to try to figure out what his opinion is so I can write a "good" essay...
He likes to lecture on different tangents and makes random, funny remarks. He shows clips in class once in awhile to keep you interested but most of class is discussion based. Be prepared with your own ideas before coming to class. He's a hard marker, meaning papers written in 2 days won't get a very high mark. Interesting guy but not super helpful
I would NOT recommend taking a course with Paul Endo. He relies on the class for profound thinking and shares none of his own original ideas. He quotes random theorist's ideas, and I sometimes wonder whether he even likes English Literature at all. PLUS, hes a REALLY hard marker. Bad class, bad grade, bad idea.
Vitriolic enemy of postmodernism, as shown in marking bias. Wants essays as if it were analytic philosophy. Received worst mark ever - am an honours student. Shoddy teaching and inadequate knowledge of the marterial. Chose texts he had not read. Limited illumination from lectures. He takes out a secret hatred in marking, but is really really nice. Sad.
HORRIBLE! he had never taught a world lit course in his life. He would reject students ideas because, and i quote, "i like mine better".
Absolutely hard marker. Avoid him!
crazy tough marker.
Well, he's a nice guy, but also a hard marker. Probably not the best choice for an instructor if you want a good mark.
K guys, I am an honours student, and still don't know what I could have done to get a better grade..my worst mark of the year. Watch out! If you dont give him what he wants to hear, you get crapped on.
Patronizing, egotistical, it really doesn't matter how good your English is. He marks purely based on whether or not he agrees with the opinion you express in your papers.
I don't know how such a small guy could get such a BIG HEAD. Likes to squash any opinions that don't match his own. Want to do well? Kiss up and you'll be fine.
Had class discussions to tell us we were stupid and he was a genius
He asks for your opinion and then tells you that his opinion is better
likes supid students and despises intelligent students
expects students to agree with him in their essays
Always wears the same black suit, Get a tailor!
If you have the option of taking Haq take her. This professor's Spanish skills aren't even up to par to be teaching a grammar class. He barely teaches! In class we go over the assigned short films or readings. We barely go over grammar which makes exams so hard. He speaks in English often which is frustrating if you really want to learn Spanish
He is a nice guy and the class is super easy, but I dreaded going every day. We don't do anything in class and he did not help me to understand anything better than i already understood it. There are a ton of writing assignments but he isn't really a hard grader.
not very willing to help
Hardest final ever. Answered maybe half the questions, still got a 7. Boring.
Useless overhead notes.
Not that great. Knows his stuff, but teaches with exotic examples before we know the fundamentals. This means we don't even learn the easy stuff because we're too busy struggling with his crazy stuff. Avoid for higher level courses.
I still have nightmares.
WORST PROF EVER...only people who like him are those who get away with *gag* kissing up for high marks. RUN AWAY NOW if you're in this class. Seriously. And he's not hot, or funny so that's a bunch o crap too
This class has been the most confusing and hardest class to take since econ last year. The prof is ok, he's funny, which makes the class good, however, the material is so incredibly hard to understand, and for that I hate the class
Easy going, but his notes are unclear at times
His exams were quite do-able as long as you did your homework assignments. However, he often made unecessary comments towards students during class time and this was quite annoying.
if Francis Bacon were alive he'd tell it to her straight. People like her tarnish science
omg she can't pronounce anything!
horrible fill in blank notes, won't post exams, must go to class every day in order to get questions for exams, must have a friend in class if you miss it, she has little understanding of the course, and it shows
Horrible prof. No understanding of the course. Notes were confusing too.
Good class notes (except for myriad minor errors). Also nice PowerPoints. But she can't pronounce a single scientific word, and she's hard on people in class. Stumbles in explanations.
Is very unclear what she's talking about, pronounces alot of words incorrectly. Notes can get kind of confusing because she always has to add things in. I would suggest switching profs if you really want to understand bio 108.
Wow, this class was a joke, simply that. She has to be the most scatterbrained prof out there...
Man decent notes but she seemed really unorganized, got off topic a lot. No clue on the class questions
Unclear explanations, no order, not a good understanding
Tries but often seems lost in the subject matter very little control over class
Not very knowledgeable, hasn't taught much. VERY easy tests, however.
i don't know what bothers me more about him, his old annually recycled jokes or the fact that he thinks he's the god of cs, he seems to have every cs geek eating out of his palm though..i like Pretti way better.
Thinks he's all that but he's not!! Just another cool nerd from waterloo
funny but recycles the same jokes every year, also has a high opinion of himself
He knows his stuff, but he's pompous
Nice guy, very helpful...one of the few here who know what to do with vaccuum tubes.
Pretty good teacher
He is an extremely smart man, but a horrible teacher. He allows notes on the test, but the tests are EXTREMELY hard. Don't expect to get over a 50 on his tests, though they get scaled up later. Still, this left me with some very stressed out days and nights. I can honestly say I didn't learn anything substantial from this class.
The guy is crazy, but in a good way. I would rather take another professor however that would explain the material more. He goes over the bones of the course and everything else you need to fill in yourself. Teaches a lot by the use of examples. Had an 8am class but what would happen in class would make it fun to go to. Unique attendance roll call.
Does not check homework. Comes in every class and does homework problems-THAT'S IT! Could find the solutions online for free=wast of time. Sometimes funny. Grades hard and the grades we have are the five tests and lab.
I do not see eye to eye with Derringh. The main thing that drove me crazy was how he looks down on his students. Whenever someone asked a question he would mock them for a couple of minutes and then answer. I finished with an A in his class, but everything I learned with self taught.
this guy is a total jerk.don't listen to those other comments.he is so anal about labs and he ****s you over on tests.he might go over the stuff but he'll put**** on the test you only did for 1 day.he makes the same joke over and over and he stutters. DO NOT TAKE THIS GUY. BIG JERK. yes i aced it
DO NOT TAKE HIM!!!
This guy is kind of a jerk. He is not helpful and not accomodating in the least bit. I would not recommend him
Very difficult if you have never taken a programming class before. Quizzes are confusing and long.
Odd sense of humor. Class is a breeze if you know your stuff, otherwise......
half the time she goes off talking about nothing!
She knows what she is talking about. Pay attention in class and you will do well. Only 2 quizzes, 3 short papers, a powerpoint group project and a continuous journal. Not much work involved. Look interested and you will do very well.
Social movements should be renamed Civil Rights Movement. Every single class, you will watch a PBS video. She depends on videos to do the teaching for her. She pushes her views onto students, and constantly asks "yes or no?" and "correct?" She'll call you out on every single little thing you do. Avoid her.
She is not the best teacher ... YES? ... She has really anoying habbits ... YES? ... She rambles on ... YES? ... She says we are going to leave early then keeps up late ... YES? ... Do you get my point ... YES YES YES???
Quite possibly the most boring and hardest class I had while at GWU. His tests NEVER EVER were what he taught and the curve was ridiculous. GWU is a liberal arts school and multiple choice and fill in the blank exams are not good for cognitive thinking.
Horrible grader, not at all understanding about participation (its called the flu and it means no I can't just come to class) and not a good teacher. I had to have a friend explain everything to me after class because she was so confusing.
She is a super tough grader and enters no grades in the grade book so you don't know what grade you get in the class until the end. She gives everyone C's for no reason.
Extremely tough grader. Takes off 10% on each paper you make more than three different grammar mistakes. Searches to find issues with your grammar. Nice lady but too focused on grammar.
Her focus is often skewed towards just grammar and construction not content.
I liked her class but it is so difficult to understand her. She tries really hard to keep us interested but her ideas are very corny.
Easy class, confusing grader
He is a sweet and funny guy, but not the greatest professor ever!! I am psychology major, but I will not be taking another one of his classes. His test are probably the hardest test I have had in psychology. Great personality but poor professor!
too much work...take Terry instead
Not a good professor. Class is very boring.
This guy is not that good.
He's so old
Took AP Chemistry and I'm getting a B right now. It's self-learning for the most part and I honestly would recommend taking someone else if you want an easy A. Tests are multiple choice, but can be very tricky.
Dr. Snipp is amazing! I absolutely love his sense of humor! It was really hard at first but once you adjust to taking a test every week it becomes easier. Take him :)
Not the best professor. Especially for a beginner's class. I dropped it. He's a nice guy, but he doesn't know how to teach.
He is a joke. Huge head and not willing to hear his students out.
His lectures are not always helpful but his tests really aren't that hard.
This class was my only B...but it was my HARDEST B. The thing with Dr. Snipp is that I don't believe he's intentionally difficult...he's just unclear during lecture sometimes. He's SUPER helpful when you go see him for help. Despite his long time teaching at Creighton, I think he only teaches one class because he's here primarily for reserch.
I wish I'd known not to take him before too late. He is really nice, but is a horrible teacher. If you aren't great at chem don't take him... Now my major track is screwed up because i had to drop his class halfway through the semester. Majorly hard tests.
I think that he is a very intelligent man, but he has no idea how to communicate what he knows to his students. If you have a good foundation in chem good luck...if not run!!
Knows what hes talking about but doesn't know really how to teach
DO NOT take her unless you need to. Her tests are very confusing and difficult. In addition, the lectures are boring.
Ugh. Boring Class. No group interaction at all. Just straight lectures from a powerpoint that aren't even detailed. Study guides are pretty useless and tests are hard. Try to stay away.
I put a fair amount of effort into her class and came away with little. She never emphaseizes the book even though it is a must for her class. Lectures=pointless. I got a B, but on most tests, I had no clue what was going on. If I did see her getting mugged on the street, I would not help her. I may even crack one open and watch.
All I can say, DO NOT take her!
hard class..it seems easy, but the tests are hard..dont take her
She's not that bad, but the other psych teachers are definitely better. If you read the textbook you'll be alright, but why take her if you can get a better teacher.
This class is absolutely terrible! The tests are unreasonably tricky...how people pass the tests I do not know. The lectures are very unclear. DO NOT TAKE HER!
I ****ing hate her. I worked my ass off and got a horrible grade.
Very difficult tests.
Lectures are okay, but the tests are extremely hard
He is extremely Boring and makes no effort to make the material more interesting. He's a really tough grader as well. It's probably best to take this class from another prof.
Wow, his lectures were hard to follow, he was so BORING. Did not make class interesting, in fact i found it hard to even go to class. Exams were very difficult, he gave no inclination as to what would even be on the exam at all and would choose random graphs in the textbook for long answer.
Tough exams, yet decent in lecture.
Mean sums it up. A real unsympathetic ****, even though he knows his stuff.
Not good! Mean and unwilling to understand that students are trying to learn
she's insane. don't buy the book. read your friends notes and enjoy the A.
It was the easiest yet most pointless class I've ever taken. I went to class, but have yet to realize why, because I learned nothing. All she would do is get off topic and do a lot of gloating about herself as a director. Easy Peasy lemon squeezy A though.
very passionate! all papers were opinion papers about plays. had to attend a couple of plays ($$$) but found the class enjoyable when i went. no final, just a reaction paper. loved it! this was for honors not reg. though!!!
Who needs theatre anyways?
Looney lady. Class consists of going to plays, writing reviews, and long tests. If you know anything about theater you will do fine. Lady is unhelpful if you have missed class, won't return calls. Take after lunch, it's a good nap time.
Class consists of daily lecture and going to play and quizzes and huge midterms. Not much useful substance going on here.
very very dull
She's loud
First of all the class is not that hard.The tests are a little difficult if you don't study.If you take this class be prepared to do a role play sales presentation in front of the class.Dave is a nice guy and I thought was a good teacher.At times unclear about certain things expected.Should be an easy B+ for a solid student.Just be on time and work
the people who rated you must have been your faviorites your class was easy and you should stop making favorites with the good looking girls in class it a little wierd
If you don't want your professor to teach you anything but have him make your exams as hard as possible, this is your class. Putting a problem on the overhead and repeatedly asking for the answer is not teaching anybody anything. Basically I taught myself enough to scrap by but there has to be a better finance professor at WMU. AVOID.
Most absurd class I've taken at western by a long shot. Strict deadlines for students and then he fails to meet his own deadlines. All computer work except for the 2 exams in which you must know how to do everything you've done on Excel by hand, pencil and paper. STEER CLEAR at ALL costs...
Doesn't teach, makes his students do it under the guise of project/presentations. Each assignment is ~25 pages long and you'll be graded down just as severely for forgetting to make a line of text bold as you would for completely ignoring that section of the project. Class is all computer use then exams are paper and pencil uncovered material.
worst class i have ever taken in my entire life. there is no teaching whatsoever involved with this class as the first half of class is a team presentation and the second half is a computer quiz. TWENTY SIX PAGE SYLLABUS. tests are on stuff from other finance classes. god help you if you take this man
This class is extremely hard. There are projects every week, and quiz's also. I learned a lot, with the amount of work involved. The thing that kills this class is the tests, they are over things never covered in class, or explained at all!!! the highest score on the final was 120 out of 200 in our class. OUCH!
Very mean-spirited. Very hard on deadlines, will not take late work over a week old and expects us to do our own research.
Very hard course, not a lot of help from the instructor.
Pretty nice guy; but isn't too good at teaching the material. My advice would be to find another professor.
He makes the test impossible to pass, because of crazy multi choice questions. He has a bipolar personality. 1 day he wants to be funny and the next he is ass. I passed and have no clue how. You have to teach yourself everything, the lab sucks so dont waste your time. My advice find another teacher.
In his class, you have to teach yourself EVERYTHING by doing the HW problems...that's the only way I learned anything. Don't expect him to keep his word about makeup assignments, test questions, quizzes, etc. He's liable to change his mind at the last minute for no apparent reason.
Poorly prepared, makes exams unneccesarily hard with picky/tricky questions
The group project requires a hell of alot of work and impossible, I repeat impossible to get a 100 meaning a B is pretty far reaching also. Go to class eventhough he does not require it. Take Power Quizes with a group so you can all pass them, I did not, and almost failed b/c of it.
Not bad class, actually very interesting, but professor is very un-understanding. Basically, your whole grade depends on the group project. Project is fun, but if your group members don't like you, no matter how hard you work, you will not do well.
Knows HR up and down but could be a little more clear on what he expects.
I did not do well in the lab, you have a weekly quiz and are allowed to miss one without penalty. They are challenging but if you put the work in it should be fine He was hard to listen to, very monotone, and seemed overall unhappy to be there and sad. Someone, please pay him to retire.
Hey, speak up
went way in depth, however his class was easier then Garberys bio 112 class... more emphasis on aminals
kind of a jerk. stuck up in a hippie kind of way. watch out for him as chair, he's not as great as everybody makes him out to be.
Went for help 3 weeks before the exam, he told me it was too late in the term
Seemed like he hated teaching the class, and he also seemed pretty anal.
Not a bad teacher by any stretch. Sometimes I think he forgets that his students don't quite understand stats like he does. Therefore, he flies through lectures and moves very quickly. Will respond to emails but something and I don't know if this is common for all stat 101 classes but there was never much review help before mid terms or the final.
Robert has to be one of the worst professors I have ever had. Linear Algebra is a tough course in general, but his lectures never make any sense. He rarely finishes his examples, so there's nothing to go off of when preparing for tests or assignments. He's terrible at explaining things and makes you feel stupid in class. Avoid him if you can.
He was alright
he sounded like Mr. Mackie from south park
Very knowledgeable about the subject, and expects all of his students to be as engaged and interested as he is. Weekly readings with 'easy' pop-quizes. You learn more from writing the papers than listening to his lectures. Great at giving feedback on essays- as long as you do them in advance and utilize his feedback, you're sure to get a good grade
FYS is meant to prepare students for college. I had more stress in that class than in any of my other current classes. His typical grading style is "Great job, B". He gives little comprehensive feedback and often diverts from his subject. He likes telling stories about his time in Greece. Still a nice guy overall, but not a good teacher.
He knows what he is talking about, but at the same time, assumes that you do too. As a whole, he is a nice guy, but if you want help out side of class, your questions will get answered with about as much thought as youd get from a pine cone.
Dr. Haskell can be an ****. I felt scared to ask questions because he is one of those professor that just seems to get pissed when you don't understand. His tests are a easier than you would think though, he makes it seem like you have to know every detail, but rarely tests on the crazy details.
Boring class with several essays on several uninteresting books. We are expected to read a lot so do it. The only good thing about this class is the fact that there were no tests. Only one quiz.
n/a
Completely agree with first comment.
We basically talked about random crap all day instead of actually learning Latin. She flaked with the online assignments, and when we didn't do them she gave us all bad grades. She does not prepare you at all for Latin IV and if you take dr. Hal Haskell for Latin IV, he will expect you to know all of the information that she didn't teach you.
He doesn't teach his classes, he tells stories. And he tells the same stories over and over again. The actual course content is usually interesting - good books, etc, but he doesn't teach on it very often. It's a shame because he's not such a bad professor when he does.
hard to follow because he tells so many irrelevant stories (over and over again). i learned a lot, but sometimes his class was boring and hard to sit through.
He was boring and repetitive. His approach to IR is extremely dated.
This prof's curriculum, philosophy of fitness, and understanding of appropriate cultural norms are dated at best. From stretching out student's legs in class to a highly problematic powerpoint on people from different countries in the world ( which showed physical possessions around a family's house and listed Africa as a country), not great.
Dr. Walters was an entertaining professor. I learned a lot about wellness.
Good lectures, quizzes and tests were very vague
Most of the class had to drop. He didn't make the matierial very clear and got off subject a lot. You mostly had to teach yourself
tough. has high expectations that you teach yourself. if you aren't cutting it he'll point you out in class
The amount of work you have to put in outside of class is absolutely absurd. He expects everyone to be professional videographers even though this is an intro class. He is flexible with meeting outside of class in order to receive feedback, however, his feedback on all of the projects is quite condescending. Do NOT take him!
I was really disappointed by this class. For a 300 level SMAD class it was an extreme disappointment we only learned imovie and wordpress. I feel I gained absolutely nothing from this class. The assignments were petty af and we had a lot of stuff we had to do for no credit. It was a major waste of time and he grades you down for really petty stuff.
He's a professor that you need to have like you in order of you to like him, otherwise, he'll grade you even harder than he already does. His tests can be confusing somethings, but to me, he's a nice guy and I enjoy his classes. I don't seem to do as well in them as I feel like I should be, but I don't hate going to class.
One of my least favorite professors I've had at JMU. Not very respectful to students, very boring, and you leave with memorized knowledge, not improved ability in the field. Attendance policy is very strict. Your grade drops significantly if you miss more than 2 classes. And his tests are HORRIBLE.
I haven't learned a single thing yet, requires attendance but teaches nothing, class is a huge waste of time. Made us buy book, it was confusing and useless. Assignments were practically the same as in 307/308, not challenging whatsoever yet very time consuming. It's a shame this is the best guy SMAD can find.
It's a decent class. You'll learn a lot. McHardy is very kind and approachable. The people who say he isn't have no idea what they're talking about.
He's a pain in the ass but you will learn from him, whether you want to or not. He believes in the "learning hurts" motto. He knows his stuff and he's willing to help but not too much.
Not constructive, gets very defensive because of his insecurities.....but SOOOO much better than woody
He doesn't understand why you don't know this material already. He enjoys making you feel stupid when asking questions. Occasionally, he has his good days and you can get positive responses from him.
Basically he expects you to learn the programs yourself. And its true...he makes ya feel stupid when asking for help. But grading wise he's pretty good...as long as u do all the requirements!
May seem like a nice guy, but has ridiculous grading strategies with no basis. Argues with students and wins through intimidation. If you take this class you'll never win  avoid it like the plague
He seems to enjoy making his students feel stupid. He's not a people person.
So smart, that he doesnt know how to explain anything to us.Not clear at all, jumps all over the place, expects u to magically know everything & makes u feel stupid when u dont, but too bad if he ever explained it to us we would know how 2 not screw**** up.hes very full of himself & likes to show off by showing his projects, instead of teaching us
i don't recommend it. he does get mad at you when you do something in studio, it's not fun at all...and grades are very ambiguous.
he knows his stuff and he's a genius, but he SUCKS at teaching FCP...i had to learn everything on my own or through people who knew it better than me. his criticism isn't really that constructive either...have fun;)
Knows the subject matter well, but not the best teacher.
I have no doubt that this guy knows his stuff, but he's not the best at teaching. We were expected to know a lot of info that we'd never been taught. Crazy, but a nice guy. Want someone pretty well known, he's your guy, but not for actual learning.
It took forever for him to grade our projects so we didn't know if we were on the right track for the next ones. It's basically 3 websites and 2 tests. He just talks the whole class and just types code. The exams are very specific. It's very boring, don't take unless you need to. Html and CSS, google WILL be your friend.
Professor Anderson is alright this class itself is just super boring and required for graduation so you have to stick it out. Only a few lectures and then individual presentations with a business proposal as the final project.
3 website projects and 2 tests. Takes a long time to return feedback so you can't efficiently work on the next project. Spent most of class doing nothing, felt like a waste of time most days. He is helpful if you ever need him.
We only had 3 website projects the entire semester and really spent time doing nothing. We had 1 test and and 1 final. Most of the people got D's on the 1st test bc we didn't take it seriously bc it was random stuff from lyndacom that he assigned and the random 2 lectures he gave. He is very understanding of time constraints & will work with you.
He shouldn't be teaching any courses. Surprisingly as a Dr., he has a poor sense of managing his work between head director and a professor -let alone just trying to direct the dept. He teaches programs at a less efficient pace than you could teaching yourself. Just take the other capstone class, in hopes that your hard work might actually pay off.
Be prepared to teach yourself a lot of stuff. Half the class dropped out half way through the semester, but you should be able to get through if you just practice... a lot.
Huge jerk. Unfortunately, he is also my advisor. Last semester he asked me if I was taking any liberal studies courses. I told him yes, and he asked why. I don't feel that he has done a lot to help me, but instead I leave my lesson every week angry. I don't like him.
Well, IF we got to my lesson, I'd learn. Unfortunately, his telephone and email were usually more important than his lesson. But, he's not going to sugarcoat things to fluff your ego.
not sure I agree with the way he teaches. One problem is he tends to be very busy and has subs for classes, so you don't always know for sure what is going on because you can't always ask him becuase he isn't there.
He made our calc2 class too easy cuz there was almost no homework and just easy weekly quizzes instead of tests. I'm pretty sure I bombed the department final bad. I'm screwed now in Calc 3.
Better if you understand russian.
His odd mannerisms can make lectures difficult to follow, but his 204 class is a breeze. The tests, all of which were open note, had a wicked curve and if you get an A/A- average, you're exempt from the final.
Hard Class. He yells a lot, ignore him. He yells if you ask questions, but doesn't seem to mind the questions. He teaches a difficult class, on difficult material. Read the book and his notes before, class. The material is interesting, anyone getting a ms/phd in CS should be able to do well.
Hard class, but you should be capable to pass. If you can avoid taking him, do it. His accent is thick and hard to understand, especially in the beginning. I thankfully had the opportunity to take the class taught by 2 different instructors, and definitely learned and retained more from the other instructor.
All of I have to say is that this class NOT mandatory and you don't have to go, except for some specific days when you have to do the quizzes online. You do need the textbook for the HW. & the test are very easy, you can easily get a 90 & above. I got an A! Very easy!
Terrible professor. Can't understand the guy and doesnt give out much help. Noone goes to class because you dont learn anything from him
Truly awful class. Yasha is a nice guy and he's helpful with (most) of the assignments but the lectures themselves are brutal. You can't understand what the guy is saying and the material is fairly dry. His wording on tests and assignments is confusing and throws you off completely. Take this class only if you absolutely have to.
Class is fairly interesting. Nice tacher who knows his tuff and means well but is hard to understand
vot ve vill do?
Hes always talking about MARS AND JINNS.. not to mention hes creepy af LMFAO HE LIED HIS WAY INTO THE JOB. Not the best teacher at UAlbany Tim
for physics 353 unless you know how to do computer programming your going to really struggle. Little to no help on the internet except for his " Website." .His modern physics course is a easy. His test are take home.
In professor Alam's class, I learned about his new found fascination with biology, his health ailments, his financial status, djinns, and how particle physics has convinced him of the existence of God. Hmmm...I'm not seeing much physics in there. Nice guy who wants his students to do well but a terrible professor.
I think he speaks English very well.
I did not like this class. The lectures went by TOO fast and it was impossible to write ANYTHING down in time. He was very nice, but the tests were 66% of our grade, so if you get a low B on 1 test, it is impossible to get an A in the course (A = 93+%). The TA discussion sections were the ONLY good thing about this course. Would NOT recommend.
I was stressed the entire semester! He is a really nice and caring guy, but so confusing. Make sure to sit in the front because you can barely hear him in the back. Tests are super heavy on readings, so make sure you keep up with them.
Professor loves what he does, but lectures are difficult to keep up with which sucks because test rely solely on the readings and lectures. Often times he'd show something and say "you don't need to write this down" and then it would be on the test... Caring professor no doubt, but it simply cannot make up for the sheer amount of reading needed
Fascinating content. Unfortunately, it gets repetitive for the sheer volume you must be able to pinpoint (despite his saying you only need to understand it). He doesn't lecture it either-- students do (by cramming buckets of info into assembly line presentations). He's a fascinating person as well... just disliked the class's organization :(
Meh. I signed up for this class pretty excited about the content and I didn't find the lectures to be that engaging. The tests are kinda dumb (pulling random questions from random readings) and somewhat arbitrarily graded. He's kind of a funny guy, especially when he yells out of nowhere, but I'm not sure the class is worth it.
Medhi is a really nice person but overall not a great teacher. Very unclear instructions led to poor grades and I never fully understood what he expected. He's very smart and interesting and I definitely learned a lot, but I regret taking the class because it hurt my GPA. I mostly just felt confused
Haghshenas is THE sweetest professor ever. He loves inspiring + making his students feel good. HOWEVER, do not take this class! The tests were extremely hard because not only were the questions crazy specific but a lot of times the wording was rough and hard to understand. After our first test my TA said she's not even sure she would've done well
Really nice person but terrible professor. His TAs are even worse. ESPECIALLY, Dominique. She was TERRIBLE. Very self-centered and obnoxious. This class is just readings. His lectures are SUPER disorganized and he doesnt let the TAs post the slides on canvas so you have to go to class. Dominique can care less about your grade. Heads up.
He is the kind of prof who is an amazing person but a bad teacher. There is a lot of reading!!! He speaks very quickly and his lectures are very disorganized and hard to follow. There are three tests and no final and the tests include MC,short answer, and an essay in fifty min. Not awful, but this is NOT a blow off.
Kelly is really into criminal justice but this class is just SO BORING. He reads off of a sheet of paper that you get to copy down before he starts talking so you can just goof off while he talks. The content is somewhat interesting, but he just says the same stuff over and over. However it's extremely easy and you can get an A without trying.
Had him for UGS 302: Crime Control. Never specified how grades would be determined and decided to give basically the whole class Bs because according to him, no one participated in class. The class itself was easy and the material was repetitive. Awful professor though.
Material was presented in an overall uninteresting way, lacked clarity on grading methods
She is a very nice person! But this was my first semester of Spanish and she was extremely hard to keep up with. She is not clear about assignments, doesn't tell you what to study for on tests, and does not review enough in class. If you're already good at Spanish I'm sure she would be great, not for beginners.
bad
very unfair grader, does not care about her students at all, dont take her class
I expected to have a much better professor after reading his reviews. He is very nice but not the best professor. You have a 30 question exam every week which I found to be extremely difficult. His powerpoint's are confusing and he's not much help in class. I would recommend outlining the book then going over his slides. Would not recommend him.
Extremely boring and not very clear when lecturing. Flys through the powerpoint before you can even write the title down. May as well just teach yourself.
His class can be extremely boring but i would still go because he does do clicker questions! Study straight from his powerpoints, I didnt use the book once. Lab is really easy. Just study alot and you should be fine !
Extremely nice guy, but lectures are sooo boring! He just reads the slides so you have to teach yourself--buy the book! I only went to class on test days and just read the chapters before test
I fell asleep in every class. Buy the book cuz you won't learn it in class.
Very strict, and not too clear on some concepts. Tests were very hard.
I hated this class, but it wasn't lehrman's fault. If you have to take it for your FYS just grin and bare it. The class description itself is very vague. Lehrman is the cutest old man ever, though, and clearly brilliant. The one thing i would say i got from this class was that I got to meet a real live rockstar/genius. He is a rock star. Ask him.
He has a lovely green mole on the top of his head. "IT'S ZTIME TO ZSTART!!!!"
Classes usually involved discussing random sections of the readings, which were typically not helpful nor easy to read whatsoever. Class was not structured- hardly a syllabus and no information about what would be on the final exam, other than "information covered since the midterm." very intelligent/nice/funny/passionate man, very boring class.
This was the most boring class I have ever taken in my life. The material was interesting, but the way he lectured in class made me fall asleep every single day unless I had coffee in front of me. He takes absolutely FOREVER to grade papers/exams. I wish I had never taken this class.
Really cares about his students, but has trouble expressing it. Sometimes has trouble explaining things, and instead simply repeats the question (in russian) or insists that you speak in russian, especially when you have no idea what's going on.
Extremely knowledgeable, not helpful unless you already "get it"
This professor's a very unfair woman and, as another reviewer put it, insanely difficult. I wouldn't mind if her feedback was helpful but I found it to be more degrading than anything.
avoid this professor at all costs! you will put twice as much work compared to other sem. in comp. classes.. only to recieve unfair grades. despite her constant cheerfulness she is very unclear with assignments. take goscillo if you enjoy recieving low grades without any explanations.
She seems to forget this class is called INTRO to critical reading. She expects you to be an expert on literary criticism in your writing, almost everyone im my class got c's on every paper. If you want to get a C for 2 times the work of any other W class, take this one.
Awful! Very hard grader, expects you to be an expert writter. doesn't give you any indication of what your grades are going to be. conciders a C to be a good grade. don't take her! her class can be interesting at times, but isn't worth the amt of work
This class sucks!She wants her interpretations for every play,not what you think. She goes on and on about the most minute things. She also does this annoying voice changing thing and she never knows what she's doing.Not easy and very boring and tedious.
I thought she was a little hard, basically becaue of her lack of organization. She seemed nice. I'd recommend not taking her because there are better Shakespeare profs.
This class was BORRRINNGGG!
Hard but fair
I was not a fan of Ann. She barely lectured and instead gives students hour-long case study presentations that she gives quizzes on. Barely taught at all instead gave students the responsibility to do it for her. On the rare occasion, a student wasn't giving the lecture, it was ill-informed and frankly unapplicable guest speakers.
Had her for Sustainable Communities. Class only meets once a week and is a 3 hour long lecture of constant talking and discussion. Extremely tough grader when it comes to essays, probably because there are grad students in the class as well. Wouldn't recommend for an easy A. A lot more work than was expected, wish I dropped out when I could.
Lecture, after lecture can get a bit boring. Eventhough it's interesting at times. Read all the books she asks you to read. I like how we had four field trips to look at architecture. Gives 1 essay assignment and about 3-4 writen exams. In order to pass read the material!!!
This teacher talks alot about stuff thats never on the test. You have to study and read on your own time. Theres no such thing as an easy test, but she gives four and no final. You have to READ.. BE prepared
killer teacher..i mean KIller..test are hard, got to remember lots of slides from films... recommendation to pass the class: study every day and take every test as if its a final exam~!!
Very unreasonable when grading. 2/3 of the class receives a C or lower and she doesn't see that there's a obvious problem. There is at least 10 people in her class I know taking it over. Unfortunately she is unavoidable if you are a Graphic or Art major (req.lower div).
Talks about slides - that's about it - not much teaching going on...here, you see.
Wish I would check the teacher here before taking the class! Now it's too late. I love art, but she sucks all the fun out of it. A lot of studying, and often doesn't pay off, she is very hard grader. Quizzes almost every week, and on top of that a lot of writing, and it has to be perfect, or C is the nights you get. BORING class!
STAY AWAY!!! It is too much for a GE course. She could care less if you aren't an Art major. She talks down to non art major students so be very careful. I made the mistake of not doing any research before adding on to her class. Taking this class with her will be my biggest regret ever.
Managed to pull at least an A- in this class. This requires alot of dedication to studying art images and descriptions. Class is interesting, but be prepared to study at least an hour or two. The teacher is nice as long as you meet her classroom expectations. Although her lectures put me to sleep because her voice is just so soft and soothing.
Difficult. Informed, and with a point of view she wants to impart. Approach this class as equivalent to a 6 unit class.
Assigns way too much work, something due every week. Readings are way too long, too complicated to understand. SF trip paper. Journals, and reading, and videos every week. Does not answer questions clearly if she answers them. $25 worth of photo copies for this class. Grades way too hard. Does respond to emails and will work things out. Know
Assigns way too much work, especially for a g.e class. Her grading system sucks, and she is very strict with absents. She assigend the most homework I had all semester. You have to take time to go to San Fran for a paper and it is required u go to a museum. Kind of moody at times, one minute fine, next minute snap. At times she says odd things
Too pasionate for her own good. Talks too technical for a general-ed art class and makes things way more confusing than they need to be. Very tough on essays.
Disorganized and MANY mistakes on provided material which isn't hard just a lot. Tests are open book but but study as if they are not. He was ill all class and attempted to help students but failed to respond quickly or at all to emails & messages. Tests had miscalculations in the keys-delayed grades. Read the book but focus what material is given.
Entire class did not sign any petition. There is debate about a single quiz. The overall class was easy!
have fun
Exams were very difficult, he was not organized, 25 out of 85 failed his course, and that was grading on a curve!
He's okay. Verma explains material fairly well. Because I'm mathematically challenged, I found the class somewhat difficult. But he's fair.
The class required much too much for a 7.5 week course. It was like she wanted to fail people. the projects were too much work along with weekly quizzes and 2 exams. Again all in 7.5 weeks for grad students - most of which work fulltime. Evil I tell you!!
This professor was very vague in her lectures and when members of the class posted questions to her on Blackboard. If you want a good accounting professor with clarity, and who chose a good textbook, I would avoid Garr.
Hard/Boring/Labor Intensive. I could have taught myself the class just by reading the book, all she did was read from her slides and tell us to go home after 3 hours.
Just reads off her powerpoint slides
extremely hard to understand, learned nothing, nice man, but awful teacher, should learn english fluently before trying to teach others Spanish...
This professor removes points on assignments for things that weren't asked for in the question. When you attend his office hours, he gives you the wrong answer and takes off points for the answer being wrong. He seems nice but his grading is AWFUL. The entire semester is just group assignments so pick your group mates WISELY! I don't recommend.
The class in nature had poor structure. The topics taught were random excel topics. There are few assignments, most being group work. The rubrics were vague, including the final project rubric for a project worth the same amount as the exams. This caused our groups grades to tank at the end of the semester.
He is probably the pickiest grader I've had. Gives a very basic rubric then knocks you 3-5 points for a spelling error in an EXCEL CLASS. Gives a semester-long group project with no rubric or criteria then knocks you down for the littlest things. Make sure every assignment is absolutely perfect or expect a B or less. Try to find another prof.
Not a great professor. He is a nice guy, seems knowledgeable, but needs to retire. Unfortunately, much of his teaching methods are severely out-of-date and he also seems to have a hard time understanding students. Another problem is his vagueness in requirements that he wants for assignments, which are apparent when grading. Don't recommend him.
Teaches through examples, which is not how you want this class taught. Brutal grading on HW (wrong assumption loses you 50% of your grade). Could be a useful class if it was taught properly.
He's a strange one. His voice reminds me of the martian on bugs bunny, his clothes are frequently dirty. He knows his stuff but his grading is almost random. It's extremely arbitrary and in my case, contradicted what he stated in class would and would not be graded. I would go a long way to avoid taking him again.
terrible professor...who assigns a 6 page single spaced paper in a intro class and expecially in mis. he didnt even create the assignment which was meant for a 300 level course...ur gonna get screwed taking him...guarantee
Whatever everyone says, this class is NOT hard. Just read the course pack carefully and you don't even have to go to class all that much. The stuff is interesting, not gonna lie, competition policy and the feud between company mergers are way more interesting than economic calculations I've done in other classes.
Only took Chinese economy with Prof. Green, but I think he is a model of how an Econ prof should teach undergrads.He is also one of the few profs in the department who, thankfully, takes a more holistic approach to economics not fanatically concerned with econometrics, and I say this a alum of the (calc-based) Honours Program. Fairly open-minded
As professor for The Chinese Economy, Green was committed, passionate, and hard-working; regrettably, he was also dogmatic, tedious, and often confused by his own material. To his credit, the textbook he has selected (Naughton) is both excellent and cheap; just go read it and save yourself the headache.
One of the leaders in the field. Climate change is his passion and it shows. Lectures are not well-structured but can be extremely interesting. Pay attention to the key papers in the coursepack and you'll get an A.
Prof definitely knows a lot about the subject and it is something he has interest in. This rubs off onto the class. However, he is a very hard grader and he is nit picky on exams and papers. Avoid if you are concerned with your marks. I also found him to be quite abrasive and rather unapproachable. He often seems too busy for his students.
his classes arent easy. you'll have to work hard for your grades. having said that, u can learn quite a bit from this old school prof
Worst prof ever, avoid at all costs
An awful know-it-all trumpeting climate apocalypse. Avoid him like the plague.
He knows the topic inside and out and he is very passionate about the area, which is great to see. But his lectures lack direction, making exam prep difficult. Marks very very tough.
avoid him if you can.
He's basically a DITACTOR.....he exagerates stuff and discuss non related things but does not provide good clarity on the subject...You can get an A if you have HIS own way of thinking...Dickinson should take over Green's classes especially IO (ECON 305).
Rule and awful man; McGill econ. will benefit when/if he finally departs
Good prof, knows his stuffs and the exams are not that hard.
Pro:good examples,competent,motivated teaching. Contra:too motivated teaching, seems like a fanatic dictator occasionally, has no humour. And two hints: Dont ask stupid questions and never ever get into his way!
A good teacher, very clear in lectures. I like that she tries to shut down guys in the class who get caught up in expressions of their male angst, but she sometimes overcompensates & can come across as the caricature of a feminist rather than the real thing (which she very clearly is, despite this lapse!).
Do not be fooled people! This class is interesting but the professor wants a b- average so half of you will probably fail. By the end of the semester you are so demotivated because the assignments are set up so you can not do well on them. Do not take this class if Deslauriers is teaching it.
She is extremely unclear teaching and asking questions. Her style of making someone from each table answer a question in order is obnoxious and doesn't do anything but discourage students from answering questions they understand and force them to answer others.
Doug come back puh-leez!
She's hard as hell, tries to help but just doesn't do it.
Fun class...gave me a grade in the end that I really have no Idea how I got it. Definately did not help the GPA
Talks too long... puts me to sleep...
I never had a conversation with Dr. White but he seems like a nice guy; He was hilarious in class at times. If you do the reading (which is long and confusing and not explained in class) and take notes on the lectures, you'll do well in the class. Midterm and final (multiple choice) and a book report for extra credit.
Dr. White is a very sweet man that cares about his students a lot. His lectures are long but he incorporates jokes throughout the period. Go to the study sessions and you'll be fine. Only 3 grades for the entire semester: 2 Tests and 1 Paper.
Only 3 grades in the entire class. 2 tests and a paper. Takes attendance each class period, miss more than 4 and you fail. Thought this class would be interesting but turns out is just extremely boring. Says you need to buy both books but I never even opened them and made B's on both exams. Study sessions before each exam. Still wouldn't recommend
I would not recommend taking any classes with this professor. He is very knowledgeable but his lectures are boring and hard to understand. He takes attendance every day and never cancels class. He is an older guy and rarely sends emails out, nothing is online. If you have a question you will get a better answer from his TA than you will from him.
Absolutely awful. Material was boring, he was completely disorganized in his lectures and wasn't helpful when asked for help. His TA was the only redeeming quality for the class. Attendance is mandatory, and he will fail you if you miss more than the allotted amount.. literally.
well, it sucked.
This was an awful class. Professor went over only 2 pages of reading of 5o pages and wasn't very clear! The test didn't make any sence to me and was very unclear! I would not suggest this class to anyone!
Really hard tests, at least 50 pages of reading each class. You have to read newspapers outside of class. It's all about india and nothing else. Do not take this class.
This guy is a jerk! He opens the floor to questions and then insults you for 20 minutes. Avoid him at ALL costs!
he's really really into this religion stuff!
class was not very interesting. If you do the reading you don't really need the lecture but he places WAY too much focus on attendance. If you don't like having to have perfect attendance or if you have a short attention span this class is not for you.
Watch OUT for Reading Quizzes.
He is a mumbler. sit close to the front to hear him.
You gonna hate chemistry because of this guy.
First, orgo 1 is a really difficult class to begin with. I'm not surprised I didn't do as well as in other classes. However, your grade completely relies on the completion of six exams plus the final. There's never any curve, even when the average for each test so far has been failing. Be prepared to completely teach yourself from the textbook.
Had to drop out of the class. I am someone who has 3.96 GPA and works extremely hard for classes but I just wasnt able to pass a single exam. His PowerPoints are useless and you literally rely on your textbook. So if you dont care about learning everything on your own and don't need anyone to help you, then go for it! But this is my first W ever.
If you have the choice do not take this professor. He is a very entertaining lecturer but his test are extremely difficult. During my semester most of the class withdrew and there is NO CURVE at all. The average of our test was in the 50 range but he does not care at all. If you ask for help he will talk down to you and say you should already know
The class is all test but his questions are very tricky. If you have the choice don't take this professor. He goes very fast in class and doesn't really do a great job teaching you the material. The test are extremely difficult and there is NO CURVE at all. The test average in my class was around a 57% each test but he doesn't care. He willfail you
avoid this class ! your grade is pretty much a competition of the other students. He has entertaining lectures and tests are the hw problems and quizzes but hw problems will be like numbers 1-100. you never know what his test format will be he switches it up all the time it could be multiple choice or free response or a mixture of both.
5 tests, final replaces worst grade. Hw is not graded but you have to do it in order to pass, and it is A LOT of work. He will not give you the answers to the hw because he writes the exams with the homework questions. He is a VERY tough grader. Best thing to do is review Orgo1 and Orgo2 in depth to prepare.
He explains things somewhat well in class but you won't understand what he's talking about unless you read first. He talks in fast forward so it makes things hard to catch sometimes. You better pay 100% attention in class and don't drift off for a second. You will probably feel like a chemistry master before the test but after you will feel stupid.
Reading the book, everything seems clear but taking the exams are much more difficult than the problems he assigns in the book. He doesn't spend much time putting concepts together, which made the last half of the class pretty difficult.
You will fail. He is very bad at designing tests and assigning points. You can have a very clear understanding of the material but fail the tests. Reading the book is advised. However, beware, he will often contradict a lot of the material in the book because he doesn't agree with the author. Without a curve, everyone would have failed the class.
Very impt if you're taking him: 1.Preread! He talks so fast that lectures are actually upsetting UNLESS you've read material.If poss,do in-chapter probs before class, end-of-chap after. 2. Don't even try to talk to him;get help elsewhere! On-stage,he's fun, but in person he doesn't connect;prob his choice. Go see him only if you want to feel worse!
this guy is riiculous. i always (i'll say it again, ALWAYS) get B+'s in chemistry but i only passed one of his tests. how is that possible? i studied, practiced, and reviewed before tests. this guy is insane. stay away!
I tried taking him twice and had to withdraw both times. He moves way too fast. Expects you to learn material for a test in a week and asks way to much of students trying to take a normal amount of classes. I went to class, read the book, worked the problems and still failed his tests. People cringe when I tell them he was my professor.
This professor will give 55% of his students a D+ or less. Avoid him at any cost.
terrible professor. no mercy and no curve. worst grade in college yet because of this guy.
I can not say I dislike the man. I admire his brilliance. I would not advise taking orgo II with him unless you are used to his testing from orgo I. I never got the hang of his testing style, but he definitely knows his chemistry and wants everyone else to understand it as well.
Stay Away!!! Terrible Professor! You can study your butt off and still fail. His Tests are impossible and ridiculous. He does not want students to pass his class. I studied all the time for his 8 tests (which were every other week) and still didn't pass. Take anyone else!
Expectations of what you should know is clear. The tests are pretty much straightforward and the acs final was not that hard. A lot of the hw problems he assigns aren't helpful but he does pull problems from the book. Finally stupid jokes
Worst professor at UCF so far! He does not care about you, or your success in his course. Dr. Miles has an overall better attitude towards organic chemistry and your success and well being while in his course. Avoid Elsheimer if at all possible!
Never in my life have I encountered such an arrogant unhelpful professor.The point of becoming a teacher is to have the passion to actually want to educate students rather than degrade their intelligence.I went to his office hours for help on a question and he didnt even look me in the eye or say a simple hello.
This guy does not belong in the classroom, he belongs in a dark lab somewhere in the bowels of chemical research by himself. Not a nice man, nor helpful, nor beneficial in any way to academia. Pray that you don't encounter him as a student; you will not be happy
Seems like he could be funny and nice, but it is superficial. He is a pompous ****. Make sure he doesn't not like you, as you will have a hard time. Tests were extremely hard to start, multiple choice with no clear-cut answer. In all fairness, all organic II professors suck, so I suppose he is about average.
This semester he has started off by giving both classes all multiple choice, relatively difficult considering there is no curve and only 20 q's on each test. Some questions are very ambiguous and eventually the other class got write in, however being the only organic II teacher he can do whatever he wants. Don't catch him on a bad day. NOT FUN
Solid teacher when lecturing, but struggles when asked a specific question. Once you get past his ego, you might learn a good deal. The posters under me make it sound easy w/ the homework, however it is near impossible to complete all assignments if you have a life. Study hard and read the book. Personally, I wouldn't retake him.
yes, you will actually learn orgainic, but you will also lose your soul in the process. in hindsight, i wish i had taken another prof.
Worse than a root canal!!
Listen to these people ... read before class, study as soon as you can, go to SI, etc, etc. If you want to do that and ahve time to spend that many hours a day on one class then by all means this guy is right for you!!
Not a nice man!! Passed the class with a B, however I didn't like his teaching style or general attitude towards everything.
He overwhelms students with his ego and his expectations for prior understanding of material. If you don't have a great grasp on chemistry 1 and 2 and organic 1 before this class don't even bother . The only class I have gotten a C in. Couldn't ask questions because he made me feel nervous and undercomfortable with my lack of understanding.
Avoid this teacher if you can. He picks his favorites and those are the only people he will answer questions from. He puts you down if you are not one of his fav. or you're a slow learner. He had the nerve to tell me that I need to speak "how adults speak" because I didn't say a chemistry word correct. He's horrible and his test are impossible.
i have taken organic before at another class and got a c, so i took it over again. you go to his office hours for help and he answers your questions with a question, if you do the homework questions you could do good but get old exams to help out, and try to do better then everyone in the class to get an A.
Came in office to ask for help and the possibility of taking him next semester (since I was getting used to his teaching style), He said "WE ARE NOT WORKING OUT HERE, YOU SHOULD TAKE ANOTHER PROFESSOR!".can he do that? RUDE. Honestly,MILES is smarter, has way more credentials, this guy is nothing co
needs a swift kick in the butt b/c he's ignorant to student's interrest in his lectures. Continues poor lecturing technique while disregarding the large amount of students that have dropped his class. assumes everything is "easy". very difficult exams
His expertise is obvious, but his teaching style isn't applicable for his tests. Took ochem2 with a different teacher and he was much better. Avoid elsheimer at all costs!
incredibly hard for org II, then org I. org I with elsheimer was OK. when u ask for help during office hrs, makes u look up answers in book instead of answering himself...tests are tricky by purpose (he said so himself). if you HAVE to take it, take other easy classes so you can concentrate!
Not helpful at all.
If he would be more lenient on grading, it would be worth it. If you work and have other hard classes, you will not have enough time for all the detail he wants. Very frustrating to get a C in his class and know I could've had an A no problem with Miles!
Dr. E makes you feel inferior when you go to see him in office hours. If you aren't in the top of his class (he ranks you) then he doesn't really care to help you. Talks too fast with no new material. In closing crappy teacher for a crappy class.
Some people just have a natural talent for teaching, and Dr. Rani is not one of those people. If you have to take this class for your botany credit, you'll be fine, but this class is incredibly boring and disorganized. Tests and quizzes are easy but everything will feel like a huge waste of time. Take another professor if you can.
One McGraw Hill (60+ question) homework for each chapter, sometimes twice a week because she has no idea how to schedule, and 1 or 2 weeks before it's gone over in class. Says she WON'T reschedule but then she will the day its due. Even the TA was confused. She's nice and the class is easy she just has no clue what she's doing or how to assign work
If you have to take the class, just take it. But beware, lectures are extremely boring and you will need to memorize every little fact from the textbook since quizzes and exams WILL pull some of the most obscure and seemingly meaningless information from it. Lecture is basically just the textbook. She was also pretty snarky every time I emailed her
I took this class b/c I thought it would be an easier w/ orgo II & ecology & this was my lowest grade. I read every chapter, went over notes, did HW and I still struggled. She doesn't publish her powerpoints so if you don't come to class you don't get that info. Quizzes ask the most specific questions, you have to memorize the textbook to do well
Have to read the textbook, 3 test, several homework, 5 quizzes, do good on test and you will pass. She is a bit unorganized, began changing things around last minute which was super annoying. Sometimes she did not speak clearly as to what she wanted. Her quizzes seemed harder than the test. The McGraw hill test were better than her tests.
This class honestly stressed me out way too bad. Theres only four tests including the final but your lowest score is dropped. A good chunk of extra credit is given. If you do bad on more than one test youre screwed for the class so you HAVE TO STUDY. The textbook is needed, random information from the book is pulled out for tests.
Very, very hard to understand her lectures due to a heavy accent. Her tests had very detailed questions. You have to just adore plants to get an A in this class. Did give a substantial amount of extra credit that gets added to your final exam grade. Make sure to read the textbook. Curved final grade from B- to B (depends on participation).
Ridiculously hard class. I wouldn't recommend for freshman transitioning from high school. The chances of you getting an A are very low. Tough to understand and moves too fast. Also you are only graded on tests. I wish I could get this one back
Dr. Rani has a very thick accent and goes at a fast pace which is hard to learn from. However, she provides lecture outlines which help you follow along with what she is doing in class. She also gives quizzes during class which count as extra credit. This class is definitely A LOT of material so go to class and READ the textbook.
She's rude during office hours. Barely offered help. Insinuated I missed class because I forgot about 1 bonus quiz assignment when I never skipped. Must read textbook, only provides an outline of notes so you must attend to receive the missing pieces. Doesn't post notes online. Always moving office hours. Terrible professor. Has accent. Fair tests.
Sit in the front. Ask questions. Study all the time. Read the test book. Do the extra credit because I promise you need it. I studied for this class 4x more than any other class and I barely passed her tests. Her accent is hard to understand so sit close to the front from the beginning. I felt like I learned more from the textbook.
Dr. Rani may be hard to understand in her lectures but she gives plenty of bonus point opportunities. She also provides outlines to every lecture she gives. If you are willing to put in the work you will do fine in the class. She is super nice and willing to help with anything. If bio isn't your thing then the class may be a little hard.
Very hard to understand with her accent. Isn't very clear when assigning things. She doesn't use proper grammar and her notes can be confusing at times.
This class could fill out a bingo card for what is wrong with schools in America. Nothing but rote memorization with very little actual content. State vegetable of X, Y, Z? This plant was discovered in year ___? The whole semester felt like a bizarre history class. Without an extreme passion for flash cards I would suggest avoiding this instructor.
English is not her first language so she is hard to understand a lot of the time. The lectures are easy because she reads off a powerpoint and gives you outlines for the class to fill in the notes. You can play on your phone in class as long as you get the little bits of notes on the powerpoint every once in a while.
She has a thick accent so it's hard to hear her most of the time. She gives you lecture notes to help you and as long as you read the book you should do fine on the tests.
This woman is very hard to understand and even though she cares about her students, she is very unclear when it comes to graded and ungraded work. She overdoes her lectures and treats her students like they are 5. Over assigns home I do not recommend this teacher.
Not a very hard class. Her accent is a bit hard to understand sometimes, but as long as you read the powerpoint notes and refer to the textbook if you are confused, you should be fine.
Rani is hard to understand because of her accent. I did well but because I studied my butt off for the tests. No book, buy Mindtap, quizzes help for tests. Three tests, lowest grade dropped, and extra credit web courses quizzes added to test total. No HW but will have to actually try to get an A. Attendance is mandatory but you need lecture info.
Don't bother sending E-mails she wont answer them. Her exams are extremely detailed so if you want an A you have to study the book word for word! You have to go to lecture she doesn't post the power points online and there is material on the power points not in the book. Just a terrible professor all the way around so avoid her if you can!
Don't buy the book you can find pdf online. Buy her study guide! She loves to put things on the test that she didn't teach in class, so read. You don't have to attend class but find a friend to copy notes from, even though sometimes she'll put quizzes online that require an access code that she gives in class only.
She uses a clicker that no other class I've taken uses so you have to buy that and she will give random clicker quizzes so you have to be in class in order to get full credit. This class is harder than you think it will be and more botany oriented than ethno. It's a large class and she is somewhat hard to understandw ith her accent. Sit up front.
Took final today. It was rough. You can study this class for days and still feel like you did not study enough because there is so many different ways she can ask a question. Her exams are typed in very small font and questions can be confusing. Follow her lecture notes, not the book. Do the end of chapter reviews and follow her exam reviews.
Tests are fairly easy, final is ridiculously difficult. I bombed the first test due to illness, played catchup to get back to a C average. The Final is hard as hell, nothing like the other tests in fact she said that it would be limited to certain chapters, which was a lie. You can definitely pass, but its not easy by any means. Got a D. Wanted a B
MAKE SURE YOU BUY BOOK! Majority of test questions are from review in text. Go to class she does pop quizzes for extra credit. Her final will screw you over. She says its 4 chapters ends up covering whole class. If you don't go to class use text book for notes she wrote it so it's pretty much her lectures.
Her tests are fair. It would be wise to attend her class because that's where you'll get most of your notes from her bare lecture outline. Don't need the book. Final is mandatory. Easy to get an A if you study. One thing I didn't like was the days she scheduled the exam; they were right after an event/holiday/spring break.
Makes the material harder than it is. Contradicts herself in the book (she wrote it) and in leture. Adds 1-2 questions on the test that are NOT in covered lecture or the book. You can definitely get an A or B, but study the lecture notes AND the book. Also, she seems nicer in the classroom than in her office (maybe she isn't a morning person?!)
I'm an honors student, so I thought the most basic bio would be easy. Not really. She has an extremely thick accent and I have a hard time hearing. If you take her, buy the study guide but not the textbook. The textbook is never used, but she pulls test questions straight from the study guide sometimes.
She is hard to understand sometimes. Attendance counts! She holds it against you if you do not go to class. Tests on alot of usless information.
Class wasn't too bad, just earn points with clickers and fill in her notes from the power points. Tests are doable if you study her notes thoroughly and flip through the book. She enjoys teaching the subject but is near impossible to understand (especially if you sit in the back).
hardly an "easy A." i'm a 3.6gpa student and I got a B. you have to memorize an obscene amount of information, i made notecards for each bit of info and by the end of the semester i had about 1500-2000 notecards worth of plant information. she also takes information out of the book that isnt in her notes, very unclear at times.
nice professor but tough. even with a lot of studying and class attendence it is still a ton of work. read every reading assignment do all of the review questions and go to every single class and you might get a B. good luck. definitely wouldnt recommend this one.
nice woman, but take another professor if possible.
Her Indian accent is pretty heavy so don't space out and think about how she's mispronouncing various words like I always did. Otherwise, her class is pretty easy, I missed several classes and barely studied and pulled a good grade. She can actually be kind of funny too in a strange offbeat manner.
It's supposed to be an easy biology class and is. She has a bit of an accent but it's cute because she will basically tell you what to study for exams. She repeats a lot and is a little slow with putting out info, but that's not a big problem.
Easy class. Pretty boring. She is hard to understand sometimes.
40 question tests over 3 chapters OUCH very hard to understand, but is a very nice person and very smart. The class is only hard because of the amount of material that has to be covered.
UMM..you can't understand a word she says. GO TO CLASS!! That's the most important thing. Lecture notes are exactly almost word for word on the test. If you are looking for an easy teacher and one that you don't have to go to class, do not take Rani!!
The class is easy
What in the hell did she say?
I failed the first 2 tests, then i studied for the third and got 100% , the class is cake if you study. dont buy the boook, just use the study guide. i can still pull an A just remember "HETCH"= H, she doesnt speak english
Very hard to understand. Do not take this class, it is difficult to get a decent grade in her class.
Bad, horrible, no point, crazy, you'll be bored out of your mind.
I didn't like this class. It was very boring but not too hard. If you have to take this class try and take it with another professor. If you can't don't worry you will do fine.
she should do stand up comedy, she's hilarious. its kinda hard to pay attention though cuz her accent is funny and you have to pay close attention to here what she says. just take notes and go to class and you'll get an A as long as your not a ****.
Has a VERY STRONG ACCENT. Kind of hard to understand her, good study guides, but tests are pretty hard. Those are the only grades in the course, so be a good test taker !!
Her accent does make her hard to understand and the subject matter is pretty boring- going to class is kind of like getting poked with a stick- you definetly don't want to go- but she is the only professor who teaches this gen-ed class so...
cant understand a word, the tests were hard... got an A in every class but hers!
Not the worst I've had but definitely not good.
Angley is a great person, but the ratings on here represent a LOT of hype. This class involves reading a new book each week (some of which are tedious and don't have much literary merit) and listening to classmates discuss them. She rarely chimes in. Any and all learning you do, you do yourself. If I could choose again, I'd pick something else.
OMG! Im only suffereing because I NEED this "pre-1865" class. OK, Summer A: A 800 word webct entry EVERY Sun. (6 total), Two 4pg papers. MidTerm and Final and Approximately 50 pages to read each night! 2 textbooks, MUST buy (MUST read too). Small print, real thick. Good news: She is soooooo nice. So you can make your own assumptions from this.
This professor is easy to reach out to if you need something explained. I reached out to him several times and took notes but that doesn't take from the constant workload. I wanted to enjoy the theories but couldn't and ended up only learning about my essay theory. Heavy workload, no pay off.
Dr. Mauer is a nice man and EASY TO REACH.We only had one essay to complete but I didn't learn anything in this class.I could barely grasp one topic because we had to move onto the next within the same day. I don't know how to pick up on topics that fast, even with notes. I burned out mid semester and had a hard time caring for the essay at the end
Like some of the other comments here have suggested, Mauer made me feel stupid for not understanding certain concepts relating to literary criticism. Sure, I was not the best student, but instead of guiding me towards understanding, he completely acted like he was above me.
His assignments never stop. There are over 40 discusion board posts over the semester and a ton of quizzes. This isn't even counting all of the papers we have to write along with midterm and final exams. I have a full time course load and spend more time doing assignments in this class then my other classes put together. I wish I never enrolled.
She was an alright professor. I took her for the on-line semester, and she made a lot of excuses about why things weren't graded yet.
didn't learn anything
Do whats best and drop her classes. Shes no help. Doesn't ever respond to emails. She makes the class answer your questions so she doesnt have to do her job! Dont waste your money. Shes horrible. She doesnt teach she gives assignments back to back . Shes a tough grader. Sends your paper back if she sees one mistake and wont read the rest.
Dr. Baiyee is very tough but you will be so thankful when you take the Early Childhood certification test! She drills the information in you and you will do well on the state exam.
not very nice and is an extremly difficult grader
Unclear, unfair, and unprofessional. High expectations for students, yet it seems like she almost likes to see us fail. Forgetful, scatterbrained, and there are NEVER enough copies of handouts. You'd think that if she wants us to be professional, she could practice what she preaches. I'd like to say take a different teacher, but there's no choice!
The worst teacher I have had at EMU. I asked her for help and she waved her hand at me and told me to go to the writing center or ask a friend. She is very knowledgable on the subject. I finf it funny that she teaches a class on being professional and she is very unprofessional.
very tough teacher but if you figure out a study method that works for you, you'll feel proud of the grade you earn. the info needed to know for the tests is overwhelming. i recommend using flashcards.
This professer is knowledgeable on what he teaches. you get your test questions at the beggining of the semester. (and they are all essay) each test has 20 questions possible that you have to know and memorize which could be a paragraph or one page long, and he only pics 4 of them. so its really hard to know what you have to study for
He's OK still learning?
This professor is very arrogant, unclear and unhelpful. He rushes through the material, writes illegible equations all over the board, and if someone has the guts to ask a question, he makes you feel stupid for asking. The book is terrible and doesn't have many examples. Don't take this class with him. I dropped so I could save my 3.7 GPA.
he was not helpful at all. his exams had very little to do with what was in the book and on the lectures. i would NOT take a course taught by him again
Bad teacher the reason I say this is because he ignores your phone calls and emails and he gets an attitude when you ask a question he will not help you at all. Take at your own risk. I never even had a one on one meeting with him.
RUN, RUN, RUN FAR AWAY! Student beware do not take this person ever for anything. I too look on here and saw his bad rating and still took him and regreted each moment. Test are hard and extremely detailed. The worse EVER!
Very unpersonal type of teacher. He has no people skills and loves a low class average.
Most unpersonal person I have met.His a bit of a jerk and his exams are redicioulus. Very cold and aloof. Don't ever take him
Not a good Professor at all.Exams are horible and he gets a kick out of it when we all do bad.His finger nails are discusting and he is very cold. Don't take him.
Worst class EVER!
His tests are crazy, and he always says pretend swear words. The online quizzes are good, but dont cheat because the questions are all on the tests. The book you have to read, or you are screwed
He's an ok professor, kinda funny, but hard to follow in lecture and little boring. Classes aren't too hard, but go to all classes and take notes.
Fair grader, but the most difficult of the two when it comes to grading by far. If you are looking to test yourself, go with him. You'll see where you really stand with the material. If you want to be certain you can pass the class, get your degree, and be less likely to burn your time and money go with Molina. Beware, Molina's class fills quickly.
This dude is the rudest human being alive. He grades test pretty fair but will make you feel like an idiot if you ask any questions. Okay professor. Screwed our class with the final. Told us there would be four questions and we had to study four months of information and basically guess what will be the most important to look at. TONS OF HW
Horrible professor. Grades very harshly and does not have a fixed rubric so good luck with partial credit. Has a sour attitude during lectures and becomes very angry if there are not enough people participating. Acts as if the material is common knowledge and speeds through course material with reckless abandon. Assigns massive amounts of homework
do not take him, he is very argent
dont take him
picks favs, increadibly nitpicky, goodluck getting an A
Very unclear and confusing at times, but I can honestly say I learned a lot and enjoyed myself. Give her a chance and be ready for surprises. Also, she makes the best cupcakes I have ever tasted in my entire life.
Helfman is one of the nicest & most interesting people you'll ever meet, but she is very unorganized. she is also unclear when giving directions. the magazine project will rule your life! i did so much work outside of class & was meeting with my group almost every day. you learn A LOT though! don't take if you're looking for an easy 100 level class
I respect her as a professor but the way she handles this class is full of holes! The class notes are really vague, she expects you to read WAY too much prior to the Mid-Term Exam (i.e. the whole 3 Cups of Tea novel), the "speed dating" thing and the get-to-know-each-other games get really awkward and I wonder about her organizational skills...
Her assigments are very vague and she punishes you by grading really harshly
People all complain about this class and say they hate her b/c she makes the class impossible. NOT TRUE AT ALL. This teacher actually knows what a COLLEGE COURSE IS and gives you your moneys worth unlike most of the teachers here. I've learned more in this class then most of my classes combined. If you wanna actually learn something TAKE THIS CLASS
jump off the bridge now. IMPOSSIBLE and horrendous and ruins your semester.
memorize everything, sleep through the videos, needs help wih people skills
Wait for this class to be offered by anyone else! Class is pointless and everyone dreads going. She rambles about things over and over. Assignments are all on Sakai and she is helpful if you have a submission issue. There a few assignments at that. There's a major project which is such a pain as she expects the entire class to work together.
Scary, hard grader, material easy. Not nice
Patrice is a responsible professor but he just assumes you are as brilliant as him. I'm not comfortable with the way he teaches the lecture. He always simply asks people to do practice questions without any explanation about the knowledge behind.
Boring
He is an excellent teacher for theory. His notes are organized and easy to understand, and he explains difficult concepts well. It's hard to do well on assign and exams because he creates brand new/unfamiliar-looking problems for you to solve all the time so you look at the problems and have no clue. But understand the concepts and you will pass.
I did not like the way he teaches. Assumes that only his way to look at the problem is correct and that you remember all the terms and algorithms (including the non-standard ones). Go for David Kirkpatrick , Will Evans or Joel Friedman if you want to take a high-level theory course at UBC.
a prof can't just be disassociated from the course that he teaches. patrice is partially responsible for developing c121 and probably 320 also. we were given three course evaluation forms for 121. hopefully suggest.s will be implemented. retro stuff-avoid
hard marker and really long exams
Hard ass marker. Exams are really long + like tricky questions
hard course, tuff teacher, but extremely useless TAs
He really wakes u up with his sudden squeak!
George is a great guy; his lectures are entertaining and he is very approachable. However, he sometimes gets confused with some of the material, which in turn confuses students. You'll have to get used to the accent, but it's nothing major. I really liked his class. His exams are fair and so is the grading.
Hard to understand. Says stuff like, "how the step is gonna look like?" I think he means, "what is the next step?" but it's hard to tell. Lecture slides are half written and inherited from another prof. Nice guy, pretty funny and also helpful if you talk to him. The lectures would be better if he wrote his own notes, or just wrote on the board.
Material is easy. I can't understand anything he says, so there is no point to attending his lectures if the 3% iClicker marks aren't important to you. Not to say he's not a good guy. He's pretty awesome.
Useful material but very likely to lower your GPA. I would not take this class unless you need it for something specific.
Abysmal. He not only failed to cover in class what was asked on the assignments, but he also get the questions wrong! Had to give everyone double time extra to finish.
The course itself wasn't too hard but I found him extremely hard to understand cuz of his accent and cuz he speaks so fast. You can only hear the first few and last few words of every couple sentences. The labs were generally easy but the assignments were very long but they were interesting. I would recommend taking Patrice instead for CS211.
I cant understand a word you'er saying
Course felt completely disorganized. Will not teach you fundamental coding. You'll do better with online tutorials. Definitely not familiar with technical writing or good lab/lecture formatting. avoid him if possible. Thankfully there is now an alternative instructor!!! Everyone's poor ratings are accurate.
boo
Omg his teaching simply sucks!
Oh the pain. Dr. Rev. Prof. Booth (i kid you not) taught materials needed for assignments a few days after the assignments were due. Entire class spent far too long on each lab/assignment (up to 40 hours / 2 wks). Disorganized course.
If u are superb in C++, u will ace the class.. if don't know much and really wanna learn, one advice: "GET OUT of his class!!" Reason: this prof knows the stuff, but just can't teach.. He goes into minute detail which is not helpful at all...
This guy just doesn't know when to pause for a breath...
Boring. Knows his abstract material well, but nothing about programming.
lectures were a little dull
He is in Sept issue of Computes!
if you have the option to pick between him and prof gross, pick him. Hes little nicer to talk with. if you do take notes every class and study question on textbook you should be fine. quizzes arent that hard but tests are harder. Just make sure you have good notes and dont be afraid to ask questions.
I studied days before the tests and still did not receive a good grade in any of them. Everyone in the class was failing at some point. He helps but that only goes so far. He thinks we have already have a degree in math, but we don't. Don't take him or you will be so disappointed and discouraged.
stay away from this guy! even if you put in the effort you still wont do well.
IF YOU WANT TO PASS STATS, DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. his tests are unreal, the projects take forever, multiple homework assignments every class, 4 tests PLUS midterm..doesnt explain material, just writes it on the board from the text. not willing to help either. avoid him!
NEVER TAKE THIS MAN IF YOU WANT TO PASS STATISTICS TESTS ARE UNBELIEVABLE, HOMEWORK EVERY CLASS, MULTIPLE PROJECTS AND A BORE IN THE CLASSROOM.
How can a teacher get upset when a student asks to have something explained again?
If you want to learn about mayan culture take him, but he is not that clear and sees Western culture as the source of all evil...If you want to hear someone complain for a whole semester take him
What a terrible class!!! Do not take a class from this professor if you want a worthwhile classroom experience. Yes, if you show up, do the work, and keep your mouth shut, you'll get an A. But if you want something meaninful, go elsewhere. This class is a long, boring waste-of-time. This teacher takes a good subject and ruins it.
NEVER EVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!
Boring as hell
If you are someone that does not understand math easily, do not take her. She goes at an extremely fast pace. I spent so much time in math lab/ 1 on 1 tutoring in order to learn the material. She's a good person and will help you when you need but seems like she just wants to fast forward through everything!
She moves way too fast, it is really impossible to keep up with her. I think she is good for more advanced students. She also seems bored.
Chris is a cool teacher. She is young and laid back during class. But I was not able to keep up with her through all the concepts because she moves extremely fast through the material! This class would be a lot easier if u already had some stats knowledge, I did tests, HW, & Modules and STILL did not pass. If u struggle w/ Math do not take her!!!!!
I learned a lot of interesting history. His book with videos are awesome, well put together. I found the class to be boring though and I dreaded the week's we had DB assignments. I think he spins a wheel to determine the grade he gives out on each assignment. He leaves comments on your work for all to read and you want to reply back but won't :)
I have always been a great student especially with History, Professor Baydo is an extremely tough grader and will mark you down on all homework and exams if you do not use his incredibly boring textbook that he wrote. His Assignments are long and drag on and on. Save your time and choose a different professor.
Expects too much for a history class. This class is worse than an English class. His almost weekly Discussion Board assignments are pretty much essays in which he expects at least 1000 words on facts from his book, which is a dry read. Your midterm and final are pretty much equivalent to writing 4 discussion board assignments in length.
Poor online presence. Questions could take weeks to answer, if ever. Alienates class in many ways. Doesn't take disagreement or feedback well. Requires the use of his own "textbook", basically paywall website with little more than web links, and some weak original material that will bore you to sleep in no time flat. Made modern US history dull.
In theory, this class should be easy. Online with a discussion board or short quiz every week. The discussion boards are a 1000 word response to the book that Professor Baydo wrote himself. The problem is, he grades unnecessarily hard. It seems like an easy A, but really, you find yourself wondering what you have to do to get a nice comment back.
One assignment per week (quiz or discussion board), due on Sunday. Midterm/Final are not that hard. Grades a little on the harsh side, but I received a B in the class.
This was my first online class and will never take another one because of this class. There is a lot of leg work because there is no teaching involved from the professor. It was interesting to say the least...
The material is exceptionally simple- but don't assume his expectations will be reasonable. Weekly you write 800 words rehashing exactly what was poorly written in his own textbook and misspellings are not acceptable, regardless of your own clear understanding of what is being asked. There is little flexibility and it makes for an unpleasant class.
Material is easy-but this instructor is a jerk! Not clear with assignments and then will talk down to you.Do not take his class unless your willing to have a teacher who doesn't seem to like to teach or help.He wrote the text and you can tell-he's a know it all, even though there are inconsistencies with the text & reader.This guy should retire.
I don't know what to say about this class. I took it a year ago, and put good amount of work for the first two essay's then noticed people were copying and pasting from places where I read. needless to say, I did the same and got a "B" in the class.
I took this class in the winter session of 2005 (so I had 4 weeks instead of 6 to do all the writings). I still got an A. You just have to write an essay each night. If you write about the topic, and can write with good grammar and spelling, you will do fine. If you can't, don't take it. It beats the hell out going through a semester long course.
I had to drop-unbelievably mean grading...I am now enjoying the subject at Mesa College with another instructor.
I took an online 6 week class in the summer. I didn't like his class, we had to write long essays everyday about the material: only what we wrote, no personal opinion/input was allowed. we had to buy cds that he produced, of course they can't be sold back. (waste of money) I wouldn't recommend him.
This teacher is pretty good, if you want a straightforward, get your grade and go, kind of class. There is a lot of writing, but only once a week, and no tests or exams. You need to keep up the material every week, just like any other web class. Good if you don't have time to go to school during the work week:)
his class was a lot of work that i found pointless. we would read and read and read. then answer guestions that had nothing to do with what we read, and have to read more in order to answer the questions.
I got an A in this class but I worked my butt off to get it. Baydo is a bit psycho I think and be prepared to write an ungodly amount of papers. Work is easy just time consuming and he really doesn't write that well hs textbook incites sleep. Grades fairly but as far as history goes is incredibly biased.
Do not take online unless you want to be glued to your computer. Way too much work, CD's are useless and expensive, only wants to hear his own ideas regurgitated. Cannot write - english professors would be horrified by his essays, will not help decipher his own unnreadable instructions. Mind-numbing
This is an extremely time consuming class. Not too hard just very time consuming. If you do poor work he lets you know. This is not a filler class. Be prepared for 4 hours min a week. I havent figured out what the CD's are for except to line pockets (80 + for both). You can use the internet instead
This online class was a lot of work. It took effort to write a good paper. The good and bad part was that all the answers were posted for others to read. If you waited for others to turn in their paper and read the responses he writes, you can find out what he is looking for. Lots of reading!
Make sure you have enough time to do a lot of reading & writing! He is not very specific on instructions & doesn't is not much help when you ask. His CDs and lecture contain countless grammar and spelling errors.
I took the online modern american history course. it is a lot of tedious work. it isnt difficult, as all you need to do is cut and paste and change a couple words in every sentence, but the workload is large, and it is very tedious. He isn't a bad teacher
Hopefully, this class is no longer offered. I am a pretty good student but I found him difficult to follow. He makes you buy the new version of his book and he spent class time lecturing on and on against white males.
Took the online Indian class. Learned a lot but the class is pretty bogus. He grades on quantity of words and not quality. Basically just cut and paste and you will do well. Overall i was very displeased with the class.
I took the online course, cut and paste is the key to getting an A in the class. If you e-mail him with a bogus question about the assignment every once in a while, he grades easier. He is a stickler for deadlines, so turn in assignments on time.
puts down students
I am interested in learning the skills in my empathy class however the classroom environment can be outright uncomfortable at times. The teacher blames the uncomfortable atmosphere on his students being distracting, but what is more distracting is the 15-30 minutes he spends ranting about someone bringing out their phone or arriving late.
He's okay. Seems like a nice guy at times and at other times is unexpectedly irritable. The class is interesting enough and he seems to really know his stuff, but is prone to long-winded rants about student shortcomings (when it comes to paying attention or arriving on time) which can be understandable but feel misdirected/passive-aggressive.
Not the best teacher in the world, but very nice man. Tests are HARD and he does not do his best to prepare you for them, almost all kids in my class wouldn't get higher than a D on the test, 5 tests total, lowest dropped, 35 points max of extra credit.. would definitely recommend a different teacher.
Great instructor for sures, but to be honest, he makes the class harder than it actually is. Test are hard and almost impossible to get an A. His powerpoints are somehow helpfull but sometimes can be very confusing.
didnt like the class, tests were hard and vic didnt do much to help me at all
You guys are crazy. Vic is gross.
Great way to begin the college experience. He gives you a list of assignments and a due date, he might be absent from a few classes but there is no way you'll fail this class, unless you never show up!
Easy "A" but don't expect to learn anything to help you in the future. If you want a boost in your GPA, take Monck.
Overall nice guy. If you can write a good essay do NOT take him. I wrote a great essay and he crossed out all the big words. You don't need the book at all and the class is very easy, but may be challenging for someone who can actually write an essay. He wants you to write in high school form. Attendance is not mandatory at all.
Very hard, her first language is Spanish so she seems to think its easy.
She is definitely not the best Spanish prof out there. She will randomly pick on people from her attendance sheet (because she doesn't get to know her students' names). She also will go on long rants if you do not know the question; where she is literally scolding you for not knowing the material. Her lecture is scatter-brained as well. Good luck!
She is an ok Prof.. Will teach you what you need to know for test, but can be unorganized and all over the place. Asking questions usually ends up in a ten minute scolding/discussion about what she's already taught us and how we should know it.
Avoid if possible! She's all over the place and it makes it hard to learn. I learned very very little.
Very unorganized. Frustrating to keep up with, pretty much need to teach yourself. Wouldn't recommend. Can't hate her though because she is nice/funny.
Marietta can be very unclear about what she wants you to complete for homework. However, it is not hard to get a good grade in this class as long as you keep up with homework. Tests were decent, oral exams were fairly easy. Basically, do your homework and put time in before a test and you will get a good grade.
Normally will only speak in Spanish. Not much English at all
Is an easy teacher to follow. Gets off topic most classes, and is an easy person to sidetrack. If the class falls behind just ask her to keep going over things and she does. She's a somewhat difficult grader, but not too bad. Oh, she also skips around a lot. You could end something in Novemeber and have a project/worksheet on it in Decemeber.
Franulic is a very confusing teacher, and not clear on what she wants. She is an easy grader, however, articulates grammar in writings. Wouldn't recommend her as a first choice, but she's manageable.
Mrs. Franuelic is a very difficult teacher. She speeds through a lot of the more difficult things in class and then spends a lot of time of easy stuff. She grows agitated with her class when they don't understand. Does not do a great job of preparing students for their tests. She was very helpful in setting up a tutor who knew her stuff.
She actually states in her syllabus not to take class if you have a job or family obligations. Ok... who doesn't? Just really impractical and unfair for most people who have to work to put themselves through college. She doesn't teach much and her lectures are very scattered. Looks like she's over the teaching thing. Better profs available.
This class is NOT hard, you have to put effort into it. For the most part the professor lets you know what is expected, you just have to read the syllabus. If taking this class online, make sure u read the syllabus and turn things in on time and you'll be fine.
The most important thing: You MUST do your own reading before coming to class, or you will be completely lost. She is not the most stimulating lecturer, either, and doesn't try to make the material more interesting. Be prepared for a lot of self-teaching for most of this class. Otherwise, she was a very nice and fair.
Prof. is a sweet little lady. Yes, everything is straight from the book. the tests are the HW. She tries to explain it, but most students end up confusing themselves even more bc they haven't read the material. just read the book! Do the HW! Linguistics is tough, so u may need other resources besides lecture, to pass. Easier than Prof. Yavas
Horrible professor! Shows up late for class! Lectures are straight from the book and very, very boring!!! The one thing that was very useful to me was the tutoring offered through the linguistics department. Take advantage of it!
This class is HARD and this teacher is very unclear. She's also incredibly boring which just makes the entire attempt even more difficult. This class requires utter devotion and then some in order to just scrape by. Towards the end we were all just pulling our hair out.
LIN 3013 is not boring at all. If someone says that, it is most likely because the person did not really understand the subject. I agree that this prof. doesn't help much... Dr. Hopkins is a very nice person, but does not seem to be interested in teaching. The impression was that she couldn't wait to leave the classroom. Very knowledgeable, though.
Difficult class, even more difficult prof. Read the material BEFORE going to class, it makes her lectures a million times more clear. Take notes & do the practice questions from the book. If you have another option for this class, I would reccomend trying it.
He was a good guy and gives extra credit on exams but its impossible to hear what hes saying during lectures so you have to learn pretty everything through the textbook on your own. Also, hes very difficult to reach through email, which is annoying. Would definitely try to avoid having him as a professor.
Didn't explain things very well. When asked for help he would give you a random piece of information and told you to figure it out yourself. Many quiz and exam answers he gave as study material were WRONG. Every exam contained something we didn't study. BUT he put the lectures on slides online and gave pretty straight-forward study guides.
Didn't teach the material well and his English was very hard to understand. If it was not for the practice tests that were similar to the exams, I would not have done well in this course.
HARD, cannot understand his accent, attempts to be helpful
I always studied for the tests and always seemed to fail. He doesn't cover in his lectures what he has on the tests. But I'm not the perfect student either. I was always late to class, but I studied really hard. I got a D
We took the first exam after 6 weeks, and the average was a 42. If you get an 83 then he bumps it up to 100, but if you get a 42 then your score is 42. You have a retake on tests. I had to drop the class, because the lectures are hard to follow, and the tests are super hard. He helps students after class though, and he said he cares about our grade
Dr. Brady is clearly knowledgeable about math. However, he hesitates to gives tests which causes the class to fall behind. His lectures and exams are very heavily theory based. So, if you struggle with purely learning theory, his class will be a struggle. However, he does offer a retake for exams that score below an 80%.
Dr. Brady is a really nice person and will work with you. The problem is that you must essentially learn all the material in class by yourself. He tends to procrastinate on tests until the very end of the semester and it is hard to do well when you have 4 tests in 2 weeks.
First test given in calc 1 and 2/3 of the class received a D or below. Brady hardly uses the book and tests on barely related material with no homework reinforcement. Be prepared to learn the material on your own or to stand in line ouside his office with the masses of others who are completely lost.
Sure Brady is a nice guy, but he has no idea how to teach effectively. He doesn't teach what's on the tests and doesn't plan the class schedule out ahead of time. We spent the first half of the semester on Chapters 1& 2 and had to rush through everything else. Be prepared to teach yourself from the book. And good luck not procrastinating!
The grade in the class is based solely on your test scores. What a dumb idea! One of the worst teacher I've ever had!!!
He's ok. This class is not just an easy A, but if you take it seriously, then you shouldn't have a problem passing. My only complaint is that it is very difficult to pay attention, and at times this class is very awkward.
This class was definately not what I thought it would be. It takes up a lot of out of class time, you have to do a lot of reading, and go to a lot of events. All you do in class is listen to guest speakers, very boring. Fell asleep everyday.
This is not a Poli Sci class. Requires a lot of pointless activities. A lot of outside work.
Way too laid back! Requires group work (so that the slackers can be slackers and still get a good grade). This class drove me crazy!
She's a caring person, but I don't think she's a good teacher, especially in a hybrid format where her lectures were just her doing example problems without actually explaining the material and the context of the problem properly. Her explanations all went over our heads. Definitely study hard. Not that tough of a grader though.
Very nice woman. Midterm and final are worth a lot of grade (50%). Tough grader. Lots of homework.
really hard quizzes (which are 25%) of your grade and has not taught me anything
By far the worst teacher I have encountered at WSU. Class average may be failing because of the difficulty and all she has to say is the class is dumb. What a joke of a teacher. If she doesnt like you, forget about passing.
That class was probably the hardest class ive ever taken at WSU mainly because she would never teach anything during class and the examples were useless. The online homework was the exact same problems out of the book except you had to pay $40 for the access code because she doesnt want to grade homework. Homework is extremely hard and unhelpful
He has a strange grading scale. If you get the 16 different types of problems right sometime in the semester, you will get an A. He is extremely knowledgable and cares about his students. I wouldn't recommend him for someone who hasn't taken AP Calc since he focuses on proofs instead of examples. If you've seen Calc before, you'll be fine.
McNulty is NOT a math class you want to take without having had calculus before. I learned nothing new and went off of what I learned last year in high school. He does formal proofs on the board in class and makes you do it to pass the class. He is available outside of class but he does not answer question directly. Weird grading scale.
Dr. McNulty knows his material very well but his lectures do not correlate with what he expects us to know on the exams. You can just do practice problems and not go to class and still pass his class with a high grade. His "problems" he does in class are very lengthy and often times don't make sense and he rarely does examples that are on exams.
The grading system requires you to 'master' 16 different, multiple-part problems to get an A. Mastery means that every part of every problem is done perfectly. Make a single, simple mistake? No credit for you! If you have to take with McNulty, do the homework everyday, beg for quizzes, and do the sample final until you can do it in your sleep.
Homeworks and lecture are COMPLETELY worthless. Luckily, all you need to do is go to the review sessions before the test and memorize how he works out the problems, because all he does on the test is change the numbers. There are no surprises. Easy A but I did not really learn much.
Prof. McNulty is a nice guy and is even a little bit personable. However his class is tough. Coming off a 5 on AP Calc AB I didn't think this class could be too much more difficult. However he teaches mostly proofs and example problems which was hard for me to learn from. If you stay on top of the material and get a tutor you can do well.
I got an A simply because I studied hardcore the last 3 weeks of the class. Horrible grading scale, horrible vague responses to questions concerning your grades, horrible exams, and simply horrible professor. This guy accumulates more chalk in his office than he does students' interest.
Grading scale based on Dungeons and Dragons or something-WEIRD!!!
Contradicts the book and says he's right. Tests are based off book and lecture, even though we were told we didn't need the book. Doesn't know how to use technology, especially D2L. You may get a grade lower than what you earned because he won't try to fix it. Doesn't like to be wrong. Easy A if you study, semi-boring lectures. Good luck.
Probably one of the worst I have had at DePaul. He is rude, and his lectures are dry and unclear. His methods are confusing!
should have retired long ago! the worst, most egotistical prof ive encountered thus far across any subject. take at own discretion...
asks questions on the exam that r phrased too ambiguously/ open for interpretation. so no matter how well u know the material, how much u study & if u never miss a class, ur tests r going to bring ur grade down - unless u live in his mind! AVOID.
Honestly he is the worst prof. I've ever had. I looked at his ratings on here prior to taking the course, and figured that it couldn't possibly be THAT bad. But let me assure you, it's WORSE. The man gives you the same lecture on Freud 3 days in a row, &can spend the entire class explaining two concepts that should have taken 5 min. DO NOT TAKE.
I was actually interested in the class before I took it, but by the middle of the quarter, I couldn't wait for it to be over. I don't feel like I learned anything and a lot of the test questions came neither from his lecture or the book. His grading scale is easy though, but be prepared to be bored.
His class was easy, 3 papers and attendance. Unfortunately, he is creepy, he talks about his own sex life (in detail) and he makes facts up. It seems like he talks about what he feels like, even if it is not necessarily true. It was just an awkward experience and he is really boring. As well, he uses really old information.
Class is interesting, tests are kinda hard since he lectures are unclear. If u read the book though- you will do fine!
Maybe it wouldn't have been so difficult to get through this class if I didn't take it as a 3 hour night course. Fred is kind of scary at first, but as time goes on, he tends to be an ok guy. Grading is extremely fair from my experiences, due to the curve he gives on the exams. The class can be funny at time, and extremely boring at most.
By far the worst Professor I have ever had. If you have to take his class, do not take it at night. You will most likely fall asleep and then he will make you wish you were never born. Two people actually came close to tears because of him. Stay away from this class if possible. He should be fired!
boring but easy
He is extremely strict and his exam questions can get confusing. I hope you have a large bladder cuz if you have to go to the bathroom during class, you're going to get more rage than you bargained for. Trust me!!
He's the craziest teacher ever! I had to take a motorcycle course with him, it was easy, but I wouldn't reccomend him for a real class.
He is weird, rather muddled, but in general easy as long as you study. He reminded me of a burn-out from the '60s. And the bit about no bathroom breaks is hilarious. What if your ear is bleeding? Too bad.
When I first read the comments about him I thought that the students were just lazy, but it's true, he is the most boring person ,NOTHING is fun in his class.If you can stay awake in his class and take notes you will do fine. Easy class boring teacher.
He wore two watches, one for each wrist, and explained for an hour the first class why answering machines are amazing. Very boring, very weird man. I was excited for theories of personality, but he kinda ruined it, i didnt learn much at all w/o book.
Strict, and unorganized. beware.
Not a difficult class itself, but it's difficult to stay awake in. Lecture is very dry and unorganized, but exams are pretty easy.
Talks about race alot (mostly blacks and somewhat latinos). Not every specific as to what he expects of you as a student. He picks favorites.
OMG! stay away from his classes! he's a very smart man but also very arrogant. He is a very harsh grader and picks favorites.
I feel Professor Sampson is a GREAT professor. Sure he expects a lot from the students, but it seems he really cares about those students who truly and want to LEARN. He doesn't give a lot of feedback because he expects you to figure it out. But he is an interesting and smart professor.
Wow I worked my ass off in this class and only got a B. He definitely picks favorites within the first week of class and it is clearly visible as to who he dislikes. You will definitely lose participation points that way as well because he won't call on you. Don't take this class if you want to keep your dignity.
I enjoyed Dr. Sampson in class and thought he was dynamic/interesting professor until I met with him in his office. He was incredibly rude to me when I asked him for guidance and even suggested that I was trying to "manipulate" him for extra help. I was so shocked by his behavior I nearly cried. Deplorable attitude I changed my major b/c of him
Great lecture points, though he tends to get redundant with the lectures. Lectures > Texts in class; books were a WASTE OF MONEY! I am white and moderate, and learned a lot (and had an A-!). PARTICIPATE (something most fail to do), address urban issues, and listen to his points, and you'll ace the midterm. Have half a brain cell and it'll be ok.
Very smart man; extremely disrespectful toward his students. No compassion for ANYTHING, including death in the family. No denying that he can provide students with a great amount of knowledge. its unfortunate that he is the most awful person i have met since coming to depaul, a university based on compassion, education and empowerment.
Dr. Sampson is a very intelligent man but his style of teaching is hard. Take specific notes and you'll do fine. Just a midterm test and a final paper. Attendence isn't mandatory but I would go just for the notes. I learned a lot even though I got a C.
the first day he scared the crap out of me. he always tells us that if we are not prepared for his class then we don' belong in college and he tells us that almost half of us will flunk. he doesn't care about his students and he shows it. Sampson doesn't explain the assignments at all and if you go to his office for help don't expect much cuz you are not gonna get it. he always puts his students down. the worst class ever and only because of the teacher
Dr. Sampson is very knowledgeable, but it seemed that he chose favorites from the beginning. He is very opinionated and his lectures are very detailed, but informative. Hard grader, and looks for specifics in written exams. I would not recommend him
HORRIBLE professor! If you have taken one class with him you have taken all his classes. No matter what the course topic, he ALWAYS turns it to race and education in public schools. Stay away from this guy. He has a serious EGO!!!
Horrible teacher! Do not take him. Extremely unhelpful, picks favorites, and makes a 100 level class far too challenging. I learned nothing from him that I didn't already know.
A little accent to get used to, but good classes in general. Very responsible lecturer.
Not the best teacher....He can"cover" three chapter in one lecture...It is ridiculous!!! I Like Regina Rector style she is very knowledgeable teacher.
He knows the material but this is the first college professor I've had that takes off for being 2 mins late to class and then holds it against you the rest of the semester. His teaching style is dated and you can tell that he is bored of teaching this subject. He was also the only professor I've had at Harper that refused to use "BlackboardOnline".
He knows his material and I am confident I will learn a great deal in this class. With that said I have never had a less understanding and compassionate teacher in my life. He thinks this class and himself are the only thing you have going on in your life.
He is not a teacher that will TRY AND HELP YOU. He does not show he wants you to learn. Tests very difficult. Answers marked wrong when right. teaches from text from previous yr. not current.
He's a nice guy but horrible for taking human anatomy. I usually get straight A's and this is the only class I didn't and I tried extremely hard. He doesn't care about helping you and would rather see you fail than do well.
DON'T TAKE HIM FOR BIO 161 OR ANY CLASS. HE IS A HORRIBLE TEACHER, VERY DISORGANIZED! HE IS NOT FAIR. FOR EXAMPLE, IF YOU'RE LATE HE DEDUCTS POINTS. HE IS NOT FAIR AS FAR AS GRADING. IF YOU'RE FIVE POINTS FROM A "C" GOOD LUCK IN GETTING IT. ALSO, HE DOES NOT REVIEW FOR EXAMS. HE IS A TERRIBLE TEACHER, ALL OVER THE PLACE.
Very hard class, he makes it worse because he is scattered in his teaching
Presenatations lack logical sequence!!!Hard to follow/jumps around which makes material difficult, then tries to dumb down material in an effort to relate it to us & clarify or simplify but it only confuses us even more! Wish he would create a logical sequence,outline, FOLLOW IT & use the REAL words! Has materials but he doesn't follow them!
He just says the stuff. Hes not nice to the students he just hands out info and thats it.
He knows his material well, but doesn't seem to be able to get the material across in a effective way!!! I would have to say that you need to spend a lot of time at the library studying!!!
He had NO office hours available and went really fast with the hard material. I dropped his class in the middle of the second day...need I say more?
Very unapproachable, sarcastic. Knows information well, forgets many students do not know this information and the class is a basic review for himself. Read the book, Teach yourself. Good Luck.
Avoid at all costs!! I dropped his class 2 weeks in. Mumbles, boring, monotone. Go for Andresen!!!!
Should cut his sarcasim and mumble less. Otherwise the class is not that difficult if you study the notes and pay attentiion in class--just make sure to pair up with a buddy to study with because he is very unaproachable and makes students feel dumb if they have a question.
Class is really boring, but he has random attendance quizzes so you have to go. Read the book, there's a lot of questions from the book on the exams. Pay attention in class to because a lot of the exam questions come from that too. Exams are pretty easy, and the study guides super helpful.
His ego gets in the way of his teaching. I hated having him as a teacher. Luckily President Jackson was there too to mitigate Dean Green's awful presence.
Lazy Bum
Mac is a very smart and knowledgable guy! Aside from that, he gets extremely distracted by what the class is doing on their phones or laptops, or will even stop class if people are talking..
Very general, teaches course the same every time
Exams didn't reflect lecutures and southern drawl was a killer
Worst Professor ever. He threatens students in the syllabus, and he's very arrogant. He thinks his opinions are facts. He's also very rude. DO NOT TAKE THIS FOR A MAYMESTER. It's incredibly confusing and time-consuming. He doesn't revise the syllabus or online material for anything because the face-to-face class is different. It's very hard online.
Dr. Sovik runs his class like a tyrant. He is a total narcissist who does not care about his students. He is the only professor I've encountered who sets up such stupid red tape and criteria to have his students dropped. Attendance policy is ridiculous, will count you absent even if you are there. He doesn't value his students, DO NOT TAKE COURSE!
Hi. Yeah.. This is a terrible class. This professor is a controlling, ranting, dogmatic windbag. Sprinkled in sparsely between his angry outbursts are small nuggets of info pertaining to the class. His syllabus is over 50 pages long. Seriously. His class has a white-supremacist and misogynistic overtone. He makes everything political. He sucks.
Oh my, where do I begin? The Maymester course is only 3 exams, a pre-test, and a sample test and 95% of your answers on the exams come from the online text, not the videos. Sovik is loud, obnoxious, rude, judgmental, and plain annoying. Don't take him unless you have to. If you take Tylenol, he's an easy A, but beware, he is strict.
This class is pretty terrible. He has controversial opinions just for the sake of being controversial. He is very rude and thinks he is the coolest guy in the world. The class should be easy, but it is more of a commitment than a class of its kind should be. Also, it has nothing to do with what you might think it is. It's a history class.
I do not recommend taking this class. It has almost nothing to do with music despite the title of the class. The entire class is based off of his own opinion and has said many things that I know for a fact are wrong. Almost everything he says is irrelevant. He is a hard guy to work with and does not care. Despite this it is a pretty easy class.
As has been mentioned, you are required to get a certain amount of participation credit, without which you'll probably fail. You have to buy your grade or write 30 page's worth of papers which is ludicrous. Very annoying and arrogant delivery style. Backs up nothing he says. Podcasts not downloadable...why are they called "podcasts"??? AVOID.
a non-objective quack. His statements are extremely subjective without much verification, and sources. His presentation is laughable, as well as very unprofessional.
His online class is a pain. You have to fill out over 100 something pages of workbook crap to prepare for the tests. Not worth it.. Someone shoot me!
An easy A but a waste of time and money. He spouts out tons of useless information that is completely irrelevant. His lectures were disorganized and the mandatory workbook(that he wrote)was useless as well. No assignments and no quiezzes though, only 3 tests (and an optional final. I took the F2F class and wished I had taken the online version.
An easy A but a waste of time and money. He spouts out tons of useless information that is completely irrelevant and useless. His lectures were disorganized and the mandatory workbook(that he wrote) was useless as well. No assignments and no quiezzes though, only 3 tests (and an optional final). I took the face to face class and wished I had take
His class is really pretty easy, he gives you everything you need for the online tests, and he even posts extra stuff online. The only bad part is, attendance is MANDATORY... like you can't even get sick! He will NOT accept dr. notes. I ended up with mono and couldn't go to school for two weeks, and he failed me because of absences. =/
Interesting teacher, semi-boring class. Takes roll and is an attendance nazi.
I'm surprised that everyone loves him. One of the more annoying teachers I've had. He sounds just like the green t-rex from Toy Story. The class is easy, but his rules are absolutely obsurd. No hats? Seriously. It's just a hat. Don't get me started on his tardy/absent policies. Sure, the class is easy...but he's quite irritating.
very condescending. she makes puts me down and told me straight out i would fail the course when i asked her for help. when you go to her with questions she says "read the book" or "i said it in lecture".
shea alright
He gave almost no feedback throughout the course. The only mid-term exam was take-home and everyone failed. Luckily, the final was also take-home at the behest of several students.
He is an honors professor only by his merit of research. Despite being brilliant, He does not know how to teach. I have great study habits yet his class is excruciatingly difficult. Gives you 45 minutes on exams that require an hour or more to finish. He assumes that you memorize the most difficult problems from the text. Take another professor.
Extremely hard class. Definitely unnecessarily difficult and harder than any other Calc. 1 professor. You will learn your material, but the effort required for even a B is brutal. Any questions is responded with "Did you read the book?" and his handwriting is awful. Take another professor for calculus.
unclear, bad hispanic accent, you leave the class knowing nothing
He claims if you are in class, you will do well. That is wrong. Just use the book to study. His lectures are only what he enjoys talking about,but he will go over any questions you have.
Professor Jones knows his material. He assigns a TON of homework and the grading criteria is not always clearly defined. Approximately 50% of the tests are from the homework, the rest is from the lecture. He tends to be a bit intimidating, so some don't ask for help. He will help you if you ask. However, you have to show that you are trying.
Do not take him unless you do not have any other class choices. We, four friends, took him for EET 310. We spent more than 10 hours/week just for doing his homework. sometimes he assigns HW that does not make any sense. Also, his test,exams, and quizzes are hard because they are Not straight forward and have less time.
he is hot
Harsh and arbitrary grader. Unreasonable expectations on students time. Does not update Blackboard with grades in a timely fashion. (2 months late last class) Consistently negative in teaching demeanor. Constantly threatening to fail class. Always paranoid students are cheating. Talks on cell during class. Entire class avg failing. Worst Instructor
Made my college experience miserable. Harsh grader, no review for exams, lots of hw, rude, and always complaining. I was forced to change majors after this course. How can you fail someone who came to all the classes and did 90% of the homework. Just don't get it. Avoid this teacher if you can. He failed our entire class last semester.
If you've seen one Jones class, you've seen them all. Very knowledgeable (I'd certainly trust him to build mission-critical circuits), but also extremely picky and has an out-of-control ego. Avoid Jones if you can. If not, leave double or triple the usual amount of homework/lab time. Hint: he cares at LEAST as much about neatness as actual content.
Ego as big as ever! Jones seems to think that EET students are lazy so-and-sos, and that he's helping us by showing us what a "hard" class is like. The "hard" classes are FAR easier than Jones', because the assignments are meaningful, not full of piddling detail requirements that take DAYS of work! If you can't avoid him, set aside DOUBLE the time.
Having had Mr. Jones for 310, I knew what to expect, but there aren't that many sections of 315, so I was stuck with him. Once again, a single class took far more time and effort than all the others I was taking (a full load). If you value your sanity, take ANYONE else. Jones is picky to the point of anal-retentiveness! Herr Jones, GROW UP!
If you dont mind an egotistical, EX-navy instructor who will assist you with homework problems, while seemingly belittling you for having the audacity of asking for help, then Mr Jones is for you. Lots of homework assigned. Competent, he knows the material; just not a good instructor. I will avoid this instructor like the plague.
he's really nice and he tells you exactly whats going to be on the test. The only problem is that he gives you like a million different explanations of the same thing and when he grades hes really hard because he expects you to word it exactly as he would...which is impossible when he gives you a million different explanations of the same thing
This class is the true definition of BORING. He looks like Mr. Rogers and is just about as entertaining. For anything, bring your laptop cuz its the only way you will stay awake. And study for his midterm/final cuz if you dont, you will definitly fail the class considering those are your only grades
This guy is so boring and goes off topic. Bring your labtop to keep you awake. Go to the midterm/final review classes because he tells you whats on the exam.
I am sitting in his class right now, and all I hear is blah blah blah, if you want to do well just read the parts of the book he tells you to, cause if you listen to him you will hear more about the history of baseball and his life than philosophy.
He's about as easy to follow as the rabbit in Alice in Wonderland. Boring. Awfully boring. Bring a pillow...and a alarm clock to wake you so you're sure to get to next class. Take Dr. O'Connor for philosophy. Smart, easy, and funny.
don't take him early in the morning. tough to stay awake. lectures all period. goes off topic too much. talks about his family alot. nice old man. takes attendance every day
Hardest class I've taken, tough grading, reading and writing intensive...I'm serious. I'd say 4-6 readings a week, a paper a week, and no attendance/ participation points. Almost impossible to get an A on papers based on the rubric. However, she is incredibly knowledgable and can be reached easily via email. Definitely has a passion for her content
Horrible. The worst Professor I've ever taken to teach the English language. Gives you a C just for making an error on MLA. I have never worked so hard in a class to not be rewarded.
Alright if you take her for Intro to Lit Studies, the class is hard anyway, and she is not very clear in explaining things. She calls you out for not doing things or if she thinks you didn't get something, which can make class suck. She should also explain her grading policy because it doesn't seem to have any reason to it. Otherwise she was nice.
She is the worst teacher i've ever had. She is opinionated, and the only proper view in the world of literature is her own. not to mention she is no doubt a feminist. if you have a choice, do not take her.
This Professor based every class discussion on how she viewed every single book we read during the semester. If our point of view was a conflict of intrest opposing her point of view or interpretation it is not valid. It is very unlikely to hear her say she is incorrect. I feel that she teaches with favoritism as well.
she's boring and very oppinionated
She SUX. test r hard!
Very boring prof. If you have a choice dont pick her..you get 3 exams final is optional.
boring teacher, only reason I showed up to class was to see what she was wearing.
Why people give her a good rating, i will never know. She is a good psychologist....NOT A TEACHER
she gives notes through e-mail...and test you on completely different material. If it wasn't for my labtop, worms would be eating out of my dead carcas. This woman can literally kill someone with boredom
Frechet is very friendly, fun and cool....but he does not really teach. His tests have many random questions, irrelevant historical or trivia stuff that he mentioned once in lecture. If you do take him, read over your lecture notes before the tests, and memorize all names, nobel prize winners and random facts.
too arrogant and not clear enough
his accent is kinda cool though
That engineering tide is BORING. Attendence is never taken except the specific dates he says it will be.This class does not help you decide what type of engineer you want to be like it is designed to.His joke are NOT funny even though he and suckups act like they are.NOT COOL.But its mandatory,sorry
Not understanding or helpful at all. Lectures are absurdly confusing and boring. Graded unfairly and puts big assignments on you without giving you a real prompt or rubric.
No textbook, just lectures. He told us the first day that he didn't want to teach the class. 2 1/2 hr class starts late, ends early, 15 minute break in between. Midterm based on 2 essay questions - even though he told us it would be set up completely different. Really have to pay attention to figure out what he's talking about.
crazy old man. but great.
As a person, she's friendly, interesting and funny. But as a professor, I find her very scattered and way too technical for an intro class. Take if you like linguistics, but look for something else if you're just trying to fill a requirement. GO TO EVERY CLASS, and be sure to use specific examples from her lectures on tests.
This man is glory hungery and more interested in fame then students. I do not recommend him. If you do the work you will pass easly but as far as education goes I would not chose him if I had a choose.
This class sucked. It seemed like a cult. Very energetic man, but I did not agree with his teachings or the class in general.
I didn't like this class much. It seemed pointless
this class is glorified youth group
I left LU a while ago but oh my gosh I hated that class....memorizing bible verses that I crammed in my head for a night was not fun. I dont even remember them now.
This class was simply put a waste of my time. I already knew everything there was to know about evangelism from participating in my church's evangelism group. If I knew I could CLEP this class, I would have in a heartbeat.
His class was boring and annoying. He seems to think that his way is the best way. Although, he is like a walking Bible, he has a ton of the Bible memorized, which is really cool. I didn't learn much in class and the assignments were pointless. Not fun but pretty easy
Time that would have been better used teaching me something that will help me get a job.
He is a very lazy teacher, i think our class had 4 veres quizes. And what is with his hair?
Lectures arent really lectures he just talks and u need to learn to knwo what to write n what not to coz he doesnt point things out alot. Exams were kinda easy,pulled off an A without ever touching the text book...hes kinda an ass in person and not really helpful...thinks hes the #1 historian in the world...
Very hard subject, the teacher knows his stuff which can be confusing for us. Tests are hard but there are great curves and he allows optional exams that replace a test grade...he tries to make it easier to get a better grade.
TOTALLY boring...you will definitely fall asleep...
Test are not to bad but lectures are really boring. He cannot keep your attention. you just find yourself looking at the clock. If you need the class though he is not that hard of a professor
Do not need to read but you must understand the information to do the takehomes. They are hard. Bad teacher but class is designed to managable. Work hard and figure things out and get an A. Do nothing and get a C.
totally disorganized, skip class and do takehomes well
she gives 3 test & a final, all are M/C BUT are very hard!! she tells you to study connect but her test questions aren't even close to the problems you do on connect. She does offer extra credit that goes towards your homework grade. She also takes attendance every class. I only used the text book before the exams, so a max of 4 times
very hard professor. You will fail if you dont study hard everynight! Final exam will determine your grade.
HORRIBLE! spent a LOT of time on homework (powerpoints or book were not much help, had to figure it out myself ). got 62 on 1st test & 42 on 2nd(she said half the class passed and half failed, so she didnt know what to do), she did not curve. had to withdraw and took Samsell and he was amazing! put the same amount of time in & got an A in the class
Ms. Stiner knows a lot about the subject at hand. However, she is under the impression that students can devote 24/7 to her class. Plan to spend at least 3-6 hours a week doing the hw and additional time to study. She also has a tendency to mock people when they ask questions. The class average on the final was a 62 and she does not curve.
Turned an interesting subject into a miserable and nearly useless experience. Powerpoint slides and classes nearly useless. I relied entirely on Blackboard discussion with other students to learn the material. Study everything and know how to work every problem inside out, since that's how it'll be on the test.
I'm very confused about the positive feedback I've heard from other people on this prof because this was truly the most boring class I've ever taken, which was why I struggled to get a good grade- it was so hard to pay attention in class when I could motivate myself to even go. He reads his notes for the entire lecture.
Do you like taking massive amounts of notes through hard to follow lectures, just to get handed a midterm with 6 poorly designed questions that can be answered in 2 sentences? Then this prof is for you! All seriousness, didn't enjoy class at all. It's nice he ends early most days, but lectures are hard as all hell to follow and the assignments suck
Wolfgang is a cool prof and funny. However he does not use any online tools (blackboard or slides) so you must go to class or get the notes from someone.
Koerner's class can seem confusing just about all the time. That said, if you take diligent notes (essentially, copy everything he says ad verbatim), it will all make sense at the end. He let's you bring a cheat sheet into the exam, so that's helpful.
Extremely boring lecture. He rambles and often repeats himself three times before he continues on. You could skip every class as long as you had the textbook. Light workload but so dull it isn't worth the easy mark. I would avoid POL1101 with him but he'd be good for a higher year course - he knows his stuff but brings no life to this dry material.
If you're a student who cannot stand professors who lectures WITHOUT putting slides on blackboard, do not take this class. No Technology with this proff.
Really politically smart guy, sure knows his stuff. Fun lecturer, but sometimes I felt unprepared for exams because everything felt very freestyle.
what a waste of $'s
He lowered my final grade, who lowers a final grade?
nice guy but definitely one of the hardest graders I've come across... he'll comment that what I'm saying in one essay is obvious, then in a different essay tell me that I didn't include enough detail.... okay. i would wait until online classes are over so you have more time to write essays to the standard he expects.
Forster is definitely a love/hate kind of prof. I am firmly in the hate camp. His attention to detail is infuriating, and he expects all of his students (who are learning this for the first time) to have the same level of understanding as himself (an expert in the area). Ridiculously tough grader who actively seeks out imperfections in students.
Forster is so arrogant and high on himself- I've had him twice and ended up disliking him even more than the first. Makes you sign a form saying you have to attend each class or else you are not good enough to take his class. Conceited professor who thinks his classes are some kind of privilege!
Arrogant and hypocritical. Didn't appreciate his method of teaching. He doesn't strike me as a very nice man at all.
The prof is nice but the lectures are insanely boring. The grading was also extremely tough. You can get through the class without putting much effort but you have to compensate for the assignments and tests. I didn't go to class but when the assignments came I had to heavily word search. Class is boring, teacher is boring, grading is tuff.
Although he was very passionate about his field, there were too many powerpoint presentations, unnecessary field trip, because not everyone is a GEO major, and not everyone has the same learning style. Not a very good way of conducting a class that is already potentially boring to some.
First semester at ODU and this is the first class I've failed there smh. Professor Copeland is very sweet, her teaching is just not the best at all!! She is very hard to understand and is very unclear on what to study. She gives 10 page study guide to complete but nothing on the guide is on the exams :( Avoid taking her if possible!!! GOOD LUCK!!
I didn't like his style of leading discussions. He tended to ask the same abstract questions, and while the class was processing or just sitting in confusion, he would make derisive comments. He also tended to give very negative responses to student opinions overall. I would not take another class with him.
If you want linguistics at all, and professors who think they know a thing or two about linguistics, you shouldn't be at that school!
He teaches physics and is not consistent with the difficulty in tests.
The style of his lecturing isn't for everyone. I found it hard to keep focus during his class. The course work is light though. Two essays, no midterms, and a fairly easy final.
If you read the textbook you will be fine. It is hard to pay attention.
ijij
This was 2nd political science class I took. It was so boring I barely went to class and I never skip. He marked hard on final,ta knew nothing, tutorial was a waste of time. He rambles on about a lot of nothing, don't expect to actually learn anything you need for exam/paper in class.
Funny and knowledgable, but horrible lecturing style-I didn't really learn much.
Rants way too much, doesn't back up his opinions. Annoying.
Her tests were based on articles she handed out in class about current events and weren't really very relevant to the text. Her grading on the essays was kind of subjective too. In class she was VERY outspoken about her political opinions to the point where she oftern sounded ignorant.
A 22 page exam on the UK is not my idea of fun...
Tom gets really wordy and confusing. He is a lovely, sweet man that is slightly socially awkward, so he doesn't get his points across without stumbling. You should expect his class to get behind schedule, to receive lots of hand outs, poorly written questions and a nice professor. He is quirky and really wants to help if you are confused.
Had him form chem 116. I did well because his tests were basically the practice exam with different numbers. Alot easier than Prof. Ernhardt but also a much bigger headache. Goynemaster did try though...
this prof has a graveyard of misplaced tests and quizzes that he uses as makeshift furniture in his office. the goynemaster sprinted through the syllabus and finished with three weeks to go, but kept going anyway. SCATTERBRAIN
Should not be teaching an intro level class! Tries to be helpful, but is unable to present the information in a manner which is easy to understand for those who are not chem geniuses. Questions with Chem 111? Find Dr Schoer instead.
do not take him if you're not a visual learner. and i dont care who you are DO NOT take him for a summer session.
This class was straight up awful. Incredibly boring lectures, since he just reads from the powerpoints that you're supposed to look at before class. The projects take forever, and he only gives about two weeks for each of them. The tests/quizzes are impossible; MCQs on the most unimportant things from lectures. I wish I could have avoided
I found this class ridiculously hard. I am not a cs major so it was hard to rationalize the amount of time I had to set aside for this class given that this class wasn't for my degree. The projects are difficult and are only worth 7% each which is discouraging. I didn't like the flipped classroom and as a woman the in class experience was not great
As a non-CS major, this class was very hard for me. He has two exams where it is VERY easy to lose points and it's based on little things he mentioned in his PowerPoint slides. The projects were difficult but doable, definitely took a lot of time. I wouldn't take him if your goal is to get a good grade, but if you want a deep understanding hes good
Lectures are engaging and he's willing to answer questions. His projs are *tough*. Instructions are ambiguous and lengthy. Be prepared to code 1000 line projects. 3/4 projects are directly based off each other so if you don't code one efficiently, it'll make later ones much harder. Better be your only challenging class for the sem.
I'm taking the writing section of algorithms and he's having us group grade. He is not accessible outside of class and is not helping with group he assigned me doing little work.
He's alright. Wasn't very helpful when asked which classes would help me for designing audio processing software.
Assignments can be unreasonable. Don't wait until the last minute for them, you won't finish. Dry sense of humor which CS students really enjoy. COE students hate him though.
Seemed stuckup to me... Also seems rate my professor deleted all his bad comments that were on here two months ago...
CS people love him, COE people can't stand him...i'm COE
class is one of the hardest you will ever have in cs
Would not take again. He does not teach so lectures are basically a waste to go to. If you must take his class, utilize the powerpoint slides that are available for the book. This will teach you more than showing up for class.
Easy class. Just show up for exams and put some effort into the homework and you'll be fine. Dr. Novacky can be hard to reach when seeking clarification, though. He also has a tendency to get lost in problems he's trying to work through in lecture.
I once asked him two questions via email but he replied one word "NO" after 24 hours.
Lectures can obscure the topic more than they reveal it. Quizzes and tests contain "tricky" questions that test your ability to parse the questions, not understand the material. Comes off as abrasive and condescending. If you're CS, just read Patterson & Hennesey and don't take the class. If you're CoE, avoid Bigrigg.
Not extremely hard but not very helpful or clear, you're going to have to teach youself if you want to get much out of his class.
Suuuuper boring professor, but not necessarily bad. His lecture comes directly from the slides, which come directly from the book. He gave practice tests that were near-identical to the actual exam - just some number-changing, which makes the class fairly easy. Not particularly useful over the book. Fairly mediocre overall. But not terrible.
Very boring. His slides are directly from the book, and there are graded homeworks each week. Gives out past tests for practice so they aren't too terrible
Professor Daley admits the subject is dry, but wants students to succeed. By far my hardest class though. Its just impossible to understand and the TA doesn't speak any english. Averaged low C on tests. He definitely curves at the end. I'd recommend office hour visits often! Homework is graded and TA loves taking off points.
He definitely knows what he's talking about, but he really doesn't include the class in his lecture with questions or examples. He is evasive with students' problems, in person or e-mail ( go to the TA or doesn't respond). However, the tests are straightforward surprisingly. Just hope you don't get a non-native speaker for a TA.
The TA told me the wrong info and i did horrible on the test and when you try to explain that to this guy he give you a blank stare. i wrote a theorem out of the book exactly for a test except i put "=" instead of equivalent, missed 7 points on
cardboard is more interesting
Textbook was barely useful. Only materials to study from were (average) notes he gave in class and the confusing textbook. Exams were basically graded all or nothing with no partial credit, and not even by him. Project descriptions were vague and confusing as well.
Horrible class. Very boring teacher who didn't teach anything that had to do with the projects. Tests are basically 8 true/ false questions that you have to elaborate on, but can't get partial credit. Ridiculous
Easy class, easy exams, but the homework is ridiculous. He's also an idiot. He can never answer any of the students questions, and he only teaches the theory of codes, and never gives you any actual code. He can't figure anything out in his head, so he has to make child-like sketches and lists. Idiot, but an easy class if you're smart.
HORRENDOUS. Worst professor I have ever had. He is monotonous and lacks the ability to teach concepts. I was struggling so I would try to visit him during office hours or after class when he says he is available but he refuses to look me in the eye when I talk to him and provided no extra help. WORTHLESS.
Tests are 10 questions with no partial credit and involve tracing through 20 steps of recursion. One missed case costs you 10% of you test score.
very dry sense of humor, very boring classes. tests are easy. can be (but not always) vague with assignments. would recommend against taking his class unless you are already an intermediate programmer. try for ramirez or novacky if possible.
Very boring...
This guy talks like a robot. He also seems more concerned about complaining about his pathetic life than teaching. And when he DOES teach, half the time he just talks about psychology and not programming. I have an 95% and i've only gone to 2 classes.
This Guy is just crazy. His class moves way to slow, he doesn't understand that it's not 1980's programming anymore. Avoid him if possible. Good part, if you get stuck with him, the class is easy enough to pass sleeping.
Funny to think he's got a job at the University level.
Boring, but easy.
dullest man i ever met
Extremely Boring Lectures
BORING
My only major complaint is how he conducts tests. When I was told what he says in lectures doesn't pertain to his exams, I thought they were just being harsh. They were right, be careful if you just need a class and don't need this specific class. He isn't a bad guy at all, but his teaching style might throw you off.
1. Do not email him, he will not respond 2. If you have a question, catch him after class 3. His morning lectures will leave you more confused 4. If you are looking to be taught the material, you are in the wrong class. 5. YouTube, TAs and google will help you get through his class. He is very intelligent but not the best instructor.
Dr Stevens is insanely smart & knows what he's talking about, no one can deny that. He's an awesome person. But he rambles during lecture and doesn't actually teach what'll be tested. He stresses one thing, tests on another. It's really discouraging to study for hours on end just to fail no matter what. Take a&p at community college.
Dr. Stevens is brilliant, there is no doubting that for a second. However, getting material from his head into your brain is not his forte. He calls on students in class, asking questions he hasn't given answers to yet, causing embarassment. Avg. test grade will be low, but always gets 'curved' 30 points because he only covers 40% in class.
Stevens is a genius and really knows what hes talking about but doesn't teach it. Highly recommend having a good understanding of chemistry. His lectures aren't helpful, but attendance is recorded and extra credit points are given so it helps to attend. Test are medical school level. An A is possible with adequate study time 20-30 hours.
Professor Stevens is a great guy but he is a hard professor. It was one of the hardest classes I have taken and if you aren't prepared to work for it then don't take the class. A tip would be sit up front, you will get called on but that is the best way to learn in his class. Be prepared to work and spend most of your time on the material.
I was very excited in the beginning but as the semester went on I noticed that we had 10 exams between the lab and lecture which is too much. It was a very difficult class and I would not recommend taking it in a semester that you're taking multiple science courses. Lots of reading outside of class and lots of time being spent in the lab.
His class is tough, but it's worth it. He teaches you a new way to study and if you ask for it he will help you or find someone that will. Strongly encourage study groups. Personally didn't read the books much, I tried to study his powerpoints as much as possible. Go to more than 1 lab a week to study
Wish there was a different teacher. I love the subject. Hate this class!
Stevens is a very smart man, but in my opinion a bad teacher. He always goes off about things that no one understands and doesn't teach anything. BIO250 is a very difficult class. Lab and lecture are 2 different classes packed into one. Be sure to do good in lab, because the average test score for lecture tests is usually a 45%. Not even joking.
Professor Stevens is the only anatomy professor and overall he was an okay professor. His lectures are very boring and he talks about nothing. His exams are very hard to pass. He curves the grades like 30 points so if you get a 50-60 on the test you passed. Overall take anatomy at a different school. Like TCC its way easier.
It is extremely difficult. I study 30+ hours a week studying and have a B. Taking it in the summer is a mistake because there is a crazy amount of information in a short amount of time. Do not expect to just get by in this class. You will have to work even for a B. The good thing is no class will be as stressful after you take this course.
Big pros and cons to this professor. He is tough, and he will make you BUST ASS but if you're going into the health care field it is worth it if you put in the effort. He is opinionated and sarcastic, you just have to take him with a grain of salt. This class made me pull my hair out. As a person, he's great. As a professor, not my favorite.
Dr. Stevens teaches as if this is a 600 level class. He curves ridiculously which in the end helps out; however, you wont learn anything.
Dr. Stevens... such a fun, happy man but such an unbelievably hard class. Took it over the summer and it became my entire life. He's very, very confusing and hard to follow during lecture. Thank god for the TA's, they are the only thing that kept me passing the class.
Dr. Stevens' brain is apparently so full of stuff that he spews random and untrue "facts" in the middle of lecture. I recommend bringing your computer and googling what he's talking about while he's talking about it. Make sure to read and research because you can't rely on him to stay on track. Obamacare was discussed as much as anatomy
The class is hard but don't fret! The TA's are very helpful. He teaches you how to learn..the right way. He's funny...yes he is ADD so just go with it. Don't think you can be a loner in this class. Find study buddies on day 1! You should attend more than one lab and go to all lectures. Don't let test scores scare you! There's a 30-40pt adjustment.
YOU HAVE TO STUDY STUDY STUDY for this class! If you don't read and study you will NOT do well. Stevens is okay.Rambles alot in lecture but wants to see his students do well,but he expects YOU to put the time and effort in. Study groups help but for me reading the material over and over helped the best. Go to class for clicker points. They help!
His teaching style is berating, and he insults his class for the majority of the lecture. I asked for advice and he told me I would never get into nursing school (he was wrong). I ended up taking the second half at TCC and learned more from Dr Galyon(M.D.). I now have my BSN and was just accepted to a MSN program, so dont get hung up on his B.S.
Hands down the hardest class that I ever took. He doesn't really go by the lectures, nor the book. You have to both study the book and outside sources. All his tests are real hard, but he gives a big curve. I never got higher than a 55 on his tests and got a B. Form study groups, we meet 4 times a week for two hours, and cluster EVERYTHING!!
Got an A in both I and II. Right now in chiropractic school. Helped big time..The secret to getting A's in Stevens class is to bust your a** in lab and get as close to 100 as possible. When doing the phatho/phys books, kick butt on those.
Doesnt talk about anything anatomy related in class, only politics and how much the bookstore is ripping us off. they dont teach in labs, you teach yourself this class- and its VERY VERY HARD!
Difficult, but makes you ready for grad school. Will help you as much as you want to help yourself. Great at making his students grow up.
His lecture and his test are very very hard. don't expect to get above a 50 on most of them. he usually gives about a 30 point curve so it works out. second semester is harder than the first. His class is passable.
Go to TCC to take A&P
Very hard, go to a different school to take A&P!!!!!!
His lectures were honestly pretty useless. He also taught the class like you already fully understood the material, which is no good for an intro-level coding class. It doesn't help that the class focuses on c++ rather than something easier for beginners such as Python. You will have a better time in his class if you already have prior experience.
He thinks he knows it all. Looks down on people. Treats some students like they are his friends and others like who the hell are you? Very rude.
I didn't think a professor could be this unorganized. The assignments are easy but all the work is done through a third party website that she doesn't have access to, you have to talk to tech support. I am taking three of her classes and using a planner is no help due to the terrible structure of the classes. I won't take her again for this reason.
This class is very easy if you put the work in. There were a lot of assignments due every week and the grading is all over the place. She is also all over the place. She is not very easy to reach by email either so if you have a question, search everywhere for where it could be before emailing her.
This class is very easy if you just put the work in. There were a lot of assignments due every week and the grading is all over the place. She is also all over the place. She is not very easy to reach by email either so if you have a question, search everywhere for where it could be before emailing her.
We're only a month into this class and she opens the modules later and later each week. She's very poor at managing her time and responding to emails. It seems she always has an excuse. Module five is due tomorrow and here it is sunday morning and still not opened. The modules are supposed to be open after the previous closes on wed at midnight.
Although the class itself is relatively easy, I will do everything I can to avoid taking her in the future. She claims that if we cannot get in touch with her due to her consistent technology issues or her not getting back to us we will not be penalized grade-wise, however I do not believe this at all. Seems like she was on vacation all semester.
Hard class. Not a lot of teacher involvement. Lots of labs and DB postings. Extra credit can be earned by participating in studies. Practice tests and quizzes help.
Dr. Clarke does not like to be contacted by students. Her syllabus is ridiculously redundant and do not expect a quick reply with email. She has a policy that she is "not available" to students during the 24 hour exam period, but in my opinion I believe she does this to procrastinate student issues and questions.
Online class was pretty easy. Weekly work due that is very easy. Not good at all about responding to emails. Exams are online, so you can use your books. Overall didn't really gain anything from this class, but it was a good experience.
Easy class online. Weekly work due that is very easy. Not good at all about responding to emails. Exams are online, so you can use your books. Overall didn't really gain anything from this class, but it was a good experience.
I took her for Child Psych. Everything you read is absolutely correct. "Busy" work is comprised of CD-ROM activities, Quizzes and Questions you answer from the book. Tests are impossible. She sends out WAY too many emails, telling you not to email her. I have gotten 7 emails in 10 minutes from her at one time.
Took her for Child Psych. Definitely need book. Class is comprised of weekly quizzes, learning objective questions and CD-ROM activities. She gives 3 tests. None are comprehensive. Tests are almost impossible to ace and are 60% of your final grade. She sends out A LOT of emails, and usually she is telling us not to email her and read syllabus.
She is a terrible teacher, I took her online and the whole semester she was sick. She didn't grade work until the very end of the semester. I would not recommend taking her. Lots of busy work. All tests come from testbank. No originality on her part.
Basically the class is easy. You get bogged down with busy work and all of it is really just graded for it being complete. Tests are almost impossible. I didn't know a single person that got above an 80 or any test but she adds extra points. Don't expect her to respond to e-mail, ever. It just wont happen. I won't take a class by her again.
This class was super easy. All you have to do is follow her rules. In this class we had something called coglabs which are some experimental research things, anyway you answer like 3 questions and get a 100. You have to do like 10 out of 40. The discuddion questions are an easy A. The tests are open book,but she makes them impossible to ace
She never posts grades on time and is always making excuses. I sent her numerous emails and never recieved a response. My grades were posted incorrectly and the grading scale didn't match the syllabus. If there is an upside to her class it is that all you are given is basically busy work. By the way...We are all busy,so that isn't an excuse.
She makes the same excuses every semester for why her grades are not up (I have taken her multiple times). If you do the work you will do fine though. It sometimes can be a lot, but it is not very hard. Don't expect to get your grade in a timely manner. She can be rude at times as well.
She took a month to get our syllabus up for us, never answered emails, took FOREVER to get anything graded, its Dec.26 and I still don't have my final grade in, and neither does most of the class. It seems like she has too much on her plate to do her job well and we're the ones who suffer. She made this class way more stressful than it had to be.
Tests were pretty hard, watch your time while looking for answers. Everything else you should get a 100 in if you just do it right. The work can be very tedious esp with a busy sched; keep track of deadlines! I averaged about 83 on tests and should get an A-, coulda been an A if I had done another ex cred. I may take her again. No, I didn't study.
Professor Clarke definitely makes herself clear in the syllabus. That's the only good thing about her. She takes forever and a half to get assignments graded. She says to email her with questions, but never emails back. She expects us to get all this work done every single week, but cannot keep up with it herself. Terrible professor in my opinion
If you take this class online be ready to not have any notes provided by the teacher or study guides for the tests...you're flying blind.
I am a senior and this class had more busy work than any other. The tests are open book/notes but that does not help. Good luck if you decide to take this course.
Sanchez seems to have a slight chip on shoulder? Student (black) said that a guy from work was telling her she was stupid. Sanchez asked what race was he. Student said he was black. Sanchez was quite. I wonder what kind of ammo Sanchez had if the person was of a different race? She clearly has race issues. not cool....
His tests are impossible. This is the worst I have had in 4 years. Also he is very rude and so very dull.
Dr. Hawkins is extremely hard, especially in physiological psychology. He makes history of psyc very interesting however you have to remember almost everything he says for the tests. If he sees that you are really trying in his class he will definitely consider you in the end if you've been having trouble. The key is getting to know him :)
He can be a nice guy and he can be extremely rude to students. He rambles frequently about topics unrelated to the material. Attending lectures is somewhat helpful for exams, but don't depend on the lectures alone. The exams consist of 50/50 multiple choice and essays. He gives a lot of extra credit, use it. Unlimited attempts for HW.
I took his online class this semester. The course materials are excellent. My interactions with Dr. Z. were less than pleasant however and I found that I eventually avoided soliciting assistance from my professor altogether. The current setup of the class makes getting an "A" almost unavoidable if you complete all of the assignments.
Dr. Z is VERY nice , but his classes are all over the place. There is zero organization. I learned nothing. He tells stories, then when he is running out of time, he blows through his power points. His notes don't follow the book. Homework is roughly 100 questions. Tests are 5 essays (50pts) 20 MC (50pts). Never responds to emails on time.
Dr. Ziegenfuss gives a bunch of anecdotes during class and takes forever to get to the material. For each chapter he has a basic overview day and a 'workshop' day where he goes over problems for the chapter. His lectures are confusing - but he gives 10 point extra credit for each chapter. Turn in anything late and he takes off all the points.
I'm not usually someone that struggles in class to follow along. The information is not hard, but he tends to veer of track on subjects and it makes things more challenging than they need to be. I thought I would like auditing, but my experience with this class has me reconsidering. I don't think I would take him again.
Homework is very important in this class. Also, he loves to give pop quizzes so read the book. He does offer extra credit, which is to do the connect assignments but they are between 80 to 100 questions every chapter. The extra credit did help me understand the material better. GO TO HIS TEST REVIEWS AND ASK A LOT OF QUESTIONS, they're extra credit
There are more cons than pros for this class. Pros are that he gives a lot of extra credit & gives you a fair warning about class difficulty. Cons are: the tests are long and he makes them tricky on purpose, singles students out, he isn't clear about concepts, etc. He may be the head of the department but he's a horrible professor.
I rate him as the worst prof I ever had in my life. The problem with him is understanding what is speaking. Also I spend more than$300 in books only to find out that he never referred once to books. He ain't flexible also. At the end of course, I am having feeling that I won't be pursuing Accting as a profession. Avoid him. You won't regret it.
She has taken my love for German & smashed it into dust before my eyes. I have started to feel as if I should change my major; for if all my German teachers are going to be this tough & unrelenting then I personally have no chance. This brings me much pain, & it could be from lack of sleep, due to my growing pile of assignment, or my disappointment
This class was very demanding, more than what is necessary at a 100 level. Kathy Tosa uses a traditional teaching approach which can be boring when you have to sit there for two hours listening to lecture WITHOUT a break. I'm a social studies major & this is the worst history class that I've had to go through. Take someone else for this course.
to much work
In the GER 101 class I had with her she explains what you should know, and immediately expects you to know it with total clarity. She is a good teacher but needs to work more on explanation.
This class was terrible. Do not take it because the lectures are boring and it is a horrible class with a dumb festival at the end.
Doesn't provide criteria for assignments in advance. Doesn't use standard format compared to the rest of the program. Most class content did not match the official course description. Assignments weren't tied into lectures. Inconsistent at best in enforcing discipline noted in syllabus. I didn't really learn anything new from him.
What class is this? Booring! Get on subject, run the class. Help us learn
AWFUL, NOT CLEAR, Tests are awful and no relavant to what he teaches............ just a bad teacher
lectures weren't worth going to. got the most out of the OWL online homework, other than that i was lost
Horrible all around
Doesn't teach well. Fails to give adequate examples of test material but makes her own tests there not real hard.
She is a really harsh grader. My essays are always my lowest grades.
Why is she not as great to her FLS321 class as she seems to be to her 200 level classes? Are we even talking about the same woman?!??!? She expects a ton but doesn't put much into it. There is NO teaching going on in that classroom. Doesn't seem to care about her students AT ALL.
I hated this class. It made every MTRF just terrible! She is the most boring woman and she lectures and lectures. On top of that, she expects that you know everything as well as she does. She randomly calls on people which I hate. If you have her or have to take her, Good Luck!
Great professor but can see a power trip.. easy if you try.
boring lecture and test make up all of grade...no attendence policy
grades on a major curve!
Not a bad teacher if you have had chemistry before... If you haven't had Chemistry before do not take Stolzenberg. He breezes through info and expects you to know what your doing in advanced.
Flies through powerpoints. Homework three nights a week online. Tests are 20 questions only but still worth 100 points. Would be great teacher for upper level courses, but teaches general chemistry assuming students know more than we do. Very hard to follow, but clicker questions in every lecture.
Professor goes through material very rapidly, expecting students to be proficient in the subject after being shown the material in one setting.
Goes way too fast in lecture, skims over everything without really teaching it, uses almost strictly power points of which you get about 10 secs to try and read because he rushes so fast, nothing taught in class is ever on the homework or tests, and the way he does try and explain things are typically the most confusing way. Would not take again.
He is a nice guy but can't teach. If you havn't had any chemistry prior to this class it will be a struggle. He is not good at explaining things and teaches from a slide show.
Teacher was difficult but didn't know how to teach the material adequately. Did not answer multiple emails and gave the hardest tests. Lab final was impossible, while other teachers gave answers to their students, we struggled. No point in taking this class unless you want to spend 2 hours a day studying.
To me he just rambles on about a whole lot of nothing that has nothing to do with what he tests on. Teaches from a power point which SUCKS. Take him if you dont want to do alot of work.
almost all sad faces...enough said. but i'll add that the worst part about dr. s and this class is that he is not foreign...i usually try to avoid prof.s with accents, but in this case deciphering broken english would be better.
blah...take someone else. tests were hard.
Horrible teacher. what more can you say
Stephen Fickas is a nice guy and smart about teaching Python, however he forgets to tell you things or doesn't explain things clearly. Also, he didn't follow the actual description for the class. He decided to teach Python database, and the class was supposed to be about algorithms, hardware and networking. Confusing class overall.
Fickas is an asset to the department in that he brings in tons of research money, and uses it to give undergrads work experience. Android development is a nice specialty, though forcing it onto intro students is not a good idea. As far as teaching, he's not good. Has a hard time communicating ideas, poor class structure, and no help with the app.
Although he was a nice guy, I felt this class was disorganized. Lectures were pointless for most of the time, and the lab (Android development) had NOTHING to do with the main topics of the course. I was excited to learn about the theory of CS more, but the pointless Android project basically ruined it. Overall, this class was disappointing.
Programing assignments are very undirected for the level of class. Constantly tried to explain things in analogies that fail to get the point across.
Most of the work not too hard but the programming assignments take way to much time for a 4 credit class.
Understood the lectures, but the quizzes and tests were extremely hard and most of the lecture slides had nothing to do with the quizzes. My mother, who is a college instructor, even she said the class is not worth the money to take and we are quite literally set up to fail. Hes a nice guy and very funny, but the tests are hard to pass.
The material was hard to keep up with and the math was hard to follow. He will say it once then that's it, if you don't ask. He's really funny, but it's hard. Attendance is mandatory ONLY if you want to pass. Everything is on a curve.
Pay attention in class and this course is super easy. All quiz questions are open book, and lectures are put online. The quiz answers are pulled straight from the lectures. Tests are long, but not that difficult. Plus, he's hilarious!
DO NOT I am serious, DO NOT take this class, it is literally impossible to get a good grade, or merely pass the class, Schombert does not teach and his lectures have nothing to do with the quizzes or 100 question exams that are incredibly difficult. If you want science credit, get it somewhere else, by far worst professor and hardest class.
haha... this guy has the most ridiculous quizzes. Can't read the math that he writes on the board, which is crucial to know for quizzes. Class was 80 math based, not what I expected. Rude, and incorrect about many of his answers on the quizzes. don't ever be taught by this human being. being in class was a pain in the ass but you need to be there.
Not good
Very difficult if you are just looking for a science requirement. You must work hard to do well in this class. The Professor was not helpful in answering my questions outside of class. He is condescending and makes you feel stupid for trying to learn his material. Homework Quizzes do NOT reflect material in lectures, notes, or textbook.
yo only gake this class if you are really into the chemical compostion of stars. I thought this was supposed to be a cake walk, boy was i wrong. There is hard math and chemistry in this. Needless to say i wasted a pass no pass. oh and he sounds like the dry eyes guy.
The least caring, least helpful prof I have ever had.
Awful teacher. The average for the final was a 35%. Quiz questions are biased and often make no sense. Grab a pillow if you decide to go to class, but there's no point because everything is online.
Horrible class. The book is unclear and lectures don't clarify anything. Long research paper and she is not very helpful with it.
Fuhrmann's teaching methods are very odd, at least for history. He had wanted 6,000 words for the paper (more than HIS 300), he bargained w/us and it's 2,500. He isn't very clear on things. I have to say that he at least cares, somewhat, about the students. He is very reachable out of class. He wants us to pass, his style makes that tough though.
Fuhrmann is a terrible teacher! One of the students in my class broke her foot a day befor a test and he wouldnt let her make it up! He's never clear on anything and whats you to learn stuff that he doesnt even cover in class!DONT TAKE FUHRMANN!!!!
If you are in his class, speak up and he will like you. Otherwise, he wont care if you dont know what is going on and he'll only pay attention to those that suck up to him.
he blows
very unclear
Lectures are very boring, especially if you are not into politics.
Every teacher, person, has some problems. But if you really work hard his classes are not bad. But to get an A or B you better know your sh*t.
Nope, I didn't like the way he teached. I admit he is a fun and great guy, but personally reading a chapter then taking a test is certainly not the best way to learn anything.
This was a hard class, but he's a pretty thorough instructor. Somewhat entertaining at times. Easy to talk to.
The word boring didn't appear in Webster's Dictionary until this guy started teaching
Boring but easy
he tought me how to write in ge 103 but he didnt explain things well and was soooo boring!!!!! well acutally he wasnt but his class activities were
I had Dr. Roberto the first year he was at T and I couldnt stand his class, maybe he hadn't learned how to teach college students yet, but it was horrible...but from what I have heard, he is one of the better professors to take in the history department
Class is heavily dependent on GSI. Explanations in lecture were often brief and many things were just read from the slides. Felt that exams were asking more than what was presented in the lecture, as questions were on specific things that were not discussed in detail as much in the lecture. Also is very unresponsive to emails.
He does not respond to emails in a timely matter and when he does he is rude about it. He acts like a celebrity. He said to me during office hours he is like this to prepare us for the real world, but in reality, he is not a good guy. I truly do not know how he still has a job, I would rather wait to take in the fall than take with him in winter.
My GSI never knew what was going on. When I would email Professor Ammerlaan he seemed very bothered and responded curtly even though in his lectures he talks about how accessible he is. The grading criteria is never clear and often we miss points on tests because he expects something in the answer that the question didn't ask for.
It was mandatory to have him as part of the lab section of Microbiology, but I have taken him for Bio173 as well. Both times I was very unimpressed with his teaching abilities. Although I had a great GSI in microbio lab, he seemed very uninformed of what to do in lab. If you can avoid I definitely would!
This class is out of 200 points. Completely GSI dependent, and some of them grade very harshly. The essays are tough but doable, if you go to office hours and make sure you ask your GSI what to include you should be okay. The presentations aren't bad, but the first one is graded much tougher. Get a hold of previous quizzes, they were very similar
This class is very GSI based. Marc is a terrible grader -- expects us to know things that were not covered in class, etc. If you get a good GSI, say hello to an easy A, but if not, work as hard as possible. The structure of the class is terrible -- too much work in the last two weeks and barely anything for the entire beginning of the semester.
I understand that a college lab is not supposed to be easy A+ for everybody who shows up. But this was wayyyyy too much work for a 2 credit intro bio lab. Essentially, there is 2-3 months of absolutely nothing, then you are slammed with a paper, presentation, and exam all in a week. Can't work on them earlier because you need to wait for the data.
He said there wouldnt be procedure questions of mol bio for quiz 1 but there were! They were questions about what we would throw out for PCR and column chromotagraphy.
Incredibly boring lecture where he reads off the canvas document. Class completely dependent on GSI. he occasionally gives answers to prelab/quiz in lecture so kinda helpful, but if you can get a friend to get those notes then dont go
Not impressed with him at all. Lab lecture became a waste of time by the end of the semester. His GSI's were never on the same page as him, and I would get two different answers for the same question between him and my GSI. Class is mostly based on your lab GSI, mine was awful
Super boring lecture, didn't go unless there was a quiz or paper to turn in. Labs themselves are taught by GSIs; I really liked my GSI and she made an effort to be accessible outside of class and was kind, caring, and made the labs the best they could be. Ammerlaan is not a great lecturer, doesn't add anything to the class.
His lectures are not even worth going to; they're not helpful whatsoever and none of his notes(that he puts on the website and then reads during lecture) are on the tests. Your whole grade is basically determined by your GSI. The projects and papers are unnecessarily difficult and the class is unorganized at best.
Lectures are anything but helpful. Print off his notes and go to your GSI with questions instead. Students come out of Ammerlaan's lectures more confused than they were before. He's cocky and thinks he's funny but doesn't actually try to teach what we need to know-- just random stuff that won't show up on the test. Class is heavily GSI dependent.
Find practice exams and do do them. He does not give them out, but they will help you. I did not have them and did poorly on the the quizzes, but others who had them did well because they had an idea of what he was looking for. Overall, grade depends on GSI. Mine loved to take off points because I did not say a certain word.
Most of your grade depends on the GSI. I had an awesome GSI so it was okay. Not a super demanding class overall, very few assignments. You get two "quizzes" which are pretty tough. Manageable overall. A lot of people don't go to lecture but I think it's really important if you want to do well on the quizzes (they're a pretty big part of your grade)
Very confusing class. He is not a very structured guy. Exams and papers are difficult. I still wonder why this class is so much work. 2 exams, 2 papers, pre-labs, 2 presentations. Horrible class.
He lectures for the Bio173 Lab and just posts an outline of what is he going to talk about. Definitely take good notes because there is no blue review. Labs are not too hard to follow, but the papers are longconfusing and he expects a lot of applied thinking on the tests.
Nothing to say. DO NOT TAKE GENETICS WITH THIS GUY. EVER. He will write you questions on obscure terms that he's never said once in his lectures.
The class was disorganized and really does depend on your GSI. It was way too much work for a 2 credit class and the tests were overly difficult and confusing for no reason. Find practice quizzes on the internet or from a friend because he doesn't give them. His lecture were okay, but it seems like he wanted people to magically know information
Although Prof. Ammerlaan was an okay lecturer, the grade depends on the GSI. I personally had an awful experience; my GSI barely spoke English, messed up the demonstration of the lab half the time, and graded harshly then couldn't explain why she took the points off in the first place. Ridiculously time-consuming class, especially for 2 credits.
It probably does depend a lot on which GSI you get. I liked my GSI a lot even though she was really tough on grading papers. The quizzes are pretty difficult but manageable. Overall, it may feel like too much work considering it's a 2-credit class, but I don't think it's super hard to get at least an A-. Be sure you READ and UNDERSTAND.
Unfortunately this class can be good or bad depending on your GSI. My GSI was a cool guy, but graded extremely hard. I had to do more work than any of my other 4 credit classes to get the grade I got. The material covered in the class, however, is simple.
Ammerlaan's lectures are long-winded and a huge time suck. I never felt like I missed out when I skipped class because all of his lecture notes are online. Your grade in the course depends entirely on the GSI, so there's not really a good way to standardize the entire class.
Very long winded lecturer. This course entails 2 in-class quizzes, 2 papers, & 2 presentations. It is too much work for a 2 credit class in all honesty. Your grade relies heavily upon your GSI so you best hope you get a good one. The lab exercises themselves are not difficult but it's the papers & presentations that can really bite you.
He's not a very helpful professor and the lectures were not beneficial. He's very rude and impatient in office hours and does not respond to emails very quickly. My GSI however was way more helpful.
To be honest this class all depends on your GSI because they are the ones that grade everything. Mine was awesome and I didn't go to lecture one time the whole semester and ended up with an A. Prof Ammerlaan posts all his lectures and his completed notes on blue review so the lecture really is a huge waste of time. Easy class
He definitely wasn't a very nice guy. He made weird comments during lecture, and I'm not sure if they were meant to be funny or just plain mean. Either way, this class is waaay too much work for a 2 credit class.
If you are the type of person that would like a structured course where your grade does not depend on an undergraduate TA teaching the lab, AVOID AT ALL COST! There are quizes due every week and the GSIs are a real pain in the behind in grading them. Basically, if you want to ruin your GPA by taking an unnecessary class, then go ahead and register!
Ammerlaan is very hard to get in contact with, and doesn't seem like he really has an interest or care for his students. At times he seems very condescending. The course material is not very difficult,but for a 2 credit intro course it is more work than I expected.
This class keeps you busy. In my opinion, it's not worth 2 credits, an A isn't impossible, but you have to be on your game with little points. If you lose 20, you're getting a B+. I hardly attend lecture and is currently getting a B. The papers take time, so don't procrastinate!
Bio lab, it was mandatory for me. Does not care at all about the students. I went to his office hours with a couple of students and he was not there at all. If you know bio and know how to study, the class is a piece of cake, otherwise prepare to spend a lot of time and get ready for frustration (group projects are grade killer).
I found lecture to be super useLESSS. sometimes he would write on a tiny board and half the class didnt even realize it. overall the class was easy and the quizes were not bad. every point counts. i know the gsi i had was hard to understand so i had to teach myself everything. experiments are pointless, nothing a book cant teach us.
Marc isn't interested in the class, just sits and lectures while drinking mt. dew and doesn't care. You'd think if it's hard go ask him, right? The first lecture, he said make sure you only go to your GSI because there are too many kids for me to want to help. No wonder so many kids hate this useless class.
The quizzes were way too hard for what we were learning, and the papers usually didn't make sense either. There was no point to the class, and going to the lecture doesn't help.
The quizzes were way too hard compared to what we were taught. The lectures were boring because the subject is boring, and everyone has learned this stuff before. The papers are also graded really harshly
Lecture is useless and irrelevant to quizzes, which are extremely difficult. None of the GSI's know what's going on during lab, and overall the class is very frustrating
Way too hard for a 2-credit lab. You don't really need to go to lecture, just read the lab guide. The essays are really hard.
Marc has high expectations of his students. Bio 173 starts out very easy, but beware, the semester is back-loaded with quizzes, presentations, and papers. Marc is a relatively good instructor, and he expects you to thoroughly grasps concepts he teaches. He also stares at the floor while he lectures, which really bothered me.
Lots of work for two credits (2 papers, 2 presentations, 2 exams, and quizzes). Lecture is boring and unnecessary; professor talks too much. Exam questions are too vague. On the bright side lab usually ends early. If it's not a requirement for your major, don't take the class!
Really bad class. Will teach you nothing new yet you'll have too much work for a 2 credit class. He talks too much during lecture and most of what he says is completely unnecessary. Grading is very hard.
The grading for this class was extremely hard and not fair.
Hardest lab lecture you will ever have, and its only an intro bio lab...
If you want to teach your self everything and work on your own than you will be allright. But if you are like me and expect your professor to teach than this professor is not for you. I slept during every lacture. Hard to concentrate, teaching is not very good. I am a good student but i did bad in this class.
Made the class ridiculously hard for non-bio majors. He obvioulsy knows a lot about the subject matter, but doesn't know how to organize it and is very scattered. Exams were hard and you had to interpret his questions to get the right answer. Discussion section was pointless as we gave presentations over the books we read. No textbook to reference.
This class was kinda tough for a non-science major class, but I didn't think it was too horrible. The topics were very interesting, but the exams were hella tough.
Very Hard Course. Difficult material.
My parents kicked me out of my house for a week because of Covid. I emailed her telling her what happened and asked if I could please turn in an assignment that was 1 day late for partial credit. She wouldnt accept it. Terrible woman who doesnt care about her students. ALSO, her tests are confusing :)
Just be warned. Beth is a super nice woman, but my time in her class has shown me that she is horrible at explaining assignments and even worse at reminding you whats due. My advice? Get in a class group chat ASAP and for the love of God make a calendar of all the assignment due dates. Itll save your life. God speed.
Can I have another teacher please!
He gets offended easily and not as supportive as he thinks he is. Makes things harder than what they need to be. :(
Although I won't use as harsh of words I am in agreement with the lenghty statement about trusting what he says. He did not give any attendance pts to a few student whe were a % or two from passing the cource and had to drop the program...HARSH! So i guess atendace isnt mandatory.
Don't believe A word he say's just make sure you go to class participation points (although he says do) Dont count and dont get on his bad side (don't rock the boat)
You will have to read and watch lots of long videos for this course as it is online. While Professor Duplass does give lots of feedback it can often times be contradictory to things he has previously said and condescending as well. He will make you a better teacher, but don't expect a cake walk in his class. I received an A- but it almost killed me
Gives too much material to remember all of it. Weekly quizzes are timed 15 mins, 20 ques each. To do well on quizzes you'll need to do ALL of the module readings, mostly articles by him. Ques are mundane details. MDLP must follow his template which is, IMO, unnecessarily detailed and unrealistic. Do not take this professor if at all possible.
DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE WITH HIM. I am an above average student with a 3.5 GPA in the COEDU. I have never dropped a course or recieved lower than a B in any course. I struggled with his class from the beginning of the semester, emailed him several times looking for help, he was very rude and did nothing to help me. I had to drop his class midsmster
I took this class online over the summer. If you like social studies, don't get too excited because he doesn't make it enjoyable. He brags about test average scores being in the 60's and tests you more on did you watch the video vs. actually teaching.
Dr. Duplass has as part of his grading something called "professional ethics". Be careful of this as you could lose points quickly for breaking "his rules".
Why does he gett to have his own grading scale. I do not think this is at all fair. When all my other classes are graded by USF, then why not this one as well?
Hated this class! The lectures were interesting, but he was impossible. Nothing was ever good enough, I went to every class and did all assignments. The final was absolutely ridiculous in every possible aspect. Never take his course
This class was extremely boring. He teaches one thing, but does just the opposite. Everything that you have learned in the College of Education- he will teach the opposite of. I recommend to take this class w/ a different teacher.
Very knowledgable, but makes things hard just for the hell of it. He should practice what he preaches about good teaching techniques.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS GUY!!! He's a huge jerk, he's thinks he's God's gift to ed majors, and he has the "my way or the higway" attitude to teaching teachers. I am successful teacher now largely because I dropped his class and vowed not to be lik
the last three letters of his name say it all.... he is one, acts likes, one and treats his students like they are too... what a jerk
He should host the Weakest Link. You will be elminated and told good bye. RUN
He is should host the Weakest Link. You will be elminated and told good bye. RUN
She doesn't really teach, she just walks around and supervises what students are doing during a lab. She just gives a little bit of an example and then sets us free. She's kind of rude, but I think that may be because of her age.
The most boring teacher I have ever had. Her lectures contradicted the study guide she gave us, and the study guide contradicted the book. When I asked questions about it, she would give an ambiguous answer that didn't tell me anything. Tests are very hard. Take another professor if possible.
Not always very hands-on, but very talented
She is very precise in what she wants, but is very boring. Over half the class dropped since the beginning of the semester, and she argues with you if you disagree about your art. This class goes much smoother if you suck up to everything she says and just follow directions. Good Luck!!!!
I wouldnt reccomend him because he is very hard to understand and does not use a microphone for big classes. Although his assignments and test were easy going to class was awful
I don't know where the humor fits into the rating. I found him dull and sometimes unprepared for class.
Easy class. only returned 2 papers. very slow at grading/returning papers. cancels class ALOT actually missed almost 15 days in a T-TR class. He didnt come to the final because he mixed up the finals date. i dont believe he taught well enough to assign the papers he did also graded strict. peer review was not helpful, atleast my classmates.
He is a dynamo of veritable inspiration. Each one of my compositions was taken from a recent publication. Duhhhh...
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ...
An okay prof! If you can already write, take the class. There's almost no course content, so it'll be easy.
The guy may be smart in some way but for Pete's sake, does he ever show any positive personality? I didn't care for his responses when I saw him after class. His class is not worth it. He should be TAKING remedial English. Anybody check out his spelling?
Not recommended. He did not have a good grip on the subject matter in my opinion. Won't take again.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz...
I don't know who rates this guy. His roommate or his gf or whatever, but his class is awfully boring. I sort of feel sorry for him because he doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
The teacher is boring and the class is ridiculous. I wonder how well he knows the subject beyond course requirements. Don't bother questioning your grade. Avoid.
Boring. REALLY boring. I'm an A English student and I can't stand the class already.
I took this teacher a couple of years ago. Class was boring. Funny? Only if you find it amusing that a college teacher can't write or spell. Easy grade, frustrating college experience. He's NOT the worst in the dept.
Take the 8:00 class and sleep late. Only half the class showed up most of the time. The man is boring and monotone. Lectures are random.Papers are hard.
Funny? Not funny haha but more like funny eeeew. Wish I had checked out his picture on the English department website first.
Really dull.
Avoid. He's really boring and does not seem to know what he's doing.
Humor? Huh? I'll watch for it. The guy doesn't/can't read the papers. What's with him anyway? MY MOST BORING CLASS.
Easy C. Anything higher than that, forget it.
Not a real good class. Teacher seemed a bit shaky on the material. Personality? What's that?
Wow. This guy's friends must be rating him or something. He had no personality AT ALL and I found him difficult to deal with. I would not recommend him. Each class will be the LONGEST fifty minutes of your life.
He can't read, write OR teach. Half the class wanted to drop after the first month.
Very monotone. Really boring. Tests are hard.
I don't even think he read my papers. He can't spell. But he ISN'T the worst teacher in the dept. There are several contenders for that title. Ha! Spock. It fits.
I had his class a few years ago. We called him Mr. Spock because he was so weird.I hope he has changed. The class was REALLY boring.
Maybe if the teacher stopped to put himself in the students place things might go better. Wanting to do a good job and actually doing a good job are two different things. Nobody enrolled in his class for him to learn at our expense.
This class is a disaster. Not even midterm and half the class is talking about dropping. He is BORING... and GROUCHY when you try to discuss your grade.
The teacher has a personality problem. HE DOESN'T HAVE ONE! I could never figure out what I was supposed to be accomplishing in his class.
Talks in a monotone so the class is really boring. I don't know who gives this guy all of the smiley faces because he doesnt deserve them. His grading is weird.
Not real interesting, the longest 50 minutes of your life. Teacher seemed sort of depressed.
Boring. Talks in a monotone.
The teacher was very indecisive about goals and objectives.He seemed not to know what he wanted to accomplish.Often difficult to please. He might consider working on his social skills...especially tact.
I dont think he is a professor. More like a graduate student. Not at all friendly
He was extremely distant and difficult to approach especially if you disagreed with your grade. His class did not give me what I needed for other English classes.
He doesn't seem to enjoy what he is doing. Why is he a teacher?
Beam us all aboard, Scottie... this guy's planet is too cold and distant.
I regret choosing this prof. This class takes up a disproportionate amount of my time. Lectures are scattered, with about one useful/interesting point mentioned every 5-10 minutes. He is passionate, but so lost in his world of political philosophy that he is separated from reality. Made me realize that I do not want a PhD.
Nothing is online and professor is really unorganized. She assigned an additional paper before reading week, told half the class it is due two weeks after reading week, and another half that its due the day back. Never touched the textbook but exam questions were on the readings. Would not take a class with her again.
Not a bad prof. Is a bit disorganized and takes forever to input final grades. Attendance is mandatory but she doesn't pick on people in class. Assignments and final exam are fair.
Currently taking course w this prof. Shes nice but unorganized, scattered and always late.
late. couldnt understand her.
always late VERY boring monotonne talker
Nice lady, bad proff.VERY Easy course.
Mickey Mouse course, in retrospect Iam not even sure what the course was about.
Hard.
Tough.
she's an okay teacher, just do your work/readings and you will do fine. Make sure you attend lectures because she posts nothing online so you'll have to hear what she expects of you in tests/assignments. Not an easy A class in the slightest.
If you're not willing to work hard, don't choose this prof. Took the online course & hated it. Our exam review was "good luck". 0 clarification on what to expect for the exam. I work full-time, & do just fine in my other courses. She treats ADMS1010 like a 3rd/4th year course when really, it's just ADMS1010. She does seem intelligent though.
She needs to see a shrink. I'm not joking around, she REALLY needs to see a shrink for some extensive therapy. York would have a better standing among institutions if it wasn't for professors like her.
She needs to see a shrink. I'm not joking around, she REALLY needs to see a shrink for some extensive therapy. York would have a better standing among institutions if it wasn't for professors like her.
this is a warning. Do not take this class. Notice how the positive comments on this board are almost verbatim the same, that is Diane posting here!
she is a terrible prof with no talent in teaching. they way she talks and teaches is pathetic. She is proud that she is rude! dont take courses with her if you really want to learn
miserable about her lonely, pathetic life, Diane Jurkoswki passes on her misery to you. She enjoys torturing you and insulting people in class. is it really that hard to be a NICE teacher, Diane? Words to describe her: arrogant, condescending, unaccommodating. this course (with diane) ='s 3 courses. she acts as if this is our only class.
One of the hardest profs I've ever had, and I'm a hardworking student too. For a 3.0 credit course, the amount of work she makes you do is equal to a full 6.0 credit course. Jurkowsky should absolutely be avoided at all costs. It's your loss if you still decide and take her class. Learn the hard way or the easy way, it's up to you.
Hardest prof. on campus, yet not impossible to get through.
I will admit she is extremely rude and a terrible prof. But i got an easy A in her class by just following what she wants. honestly guys, the class isn't hard, there are way harder adms courses.
DO NOT TAKE IT WITH HER! I WARN YOU! SHE YELLS AT PRETTY PEOPLE FOR NO REASON. SHE is rude,mean, disrespectful, and full of herself. she likes to humiliate students. Does not answer your questions or give help as needed.IF YOUR STUCK WITH HER, sit in the front of the class, pay attention, do your work, do exactly what she says, and suck up to her.
Listen Carefuly. Run and Hide. She talks about the class being about Canadian Business. Its not. Its about her days as a lobbyist working with the fat cats on parliment hill. Pure Canadian politics! The sad part is that none of the other profs for this course are that great either. So you might just want to ruff it out, get your D n move on
horribly hard marker.Doesn't give much direction to what she's expecting. no slides online!! :(
Extremly unapproachable. Her marking is hard (midterm), and she will not tolerate anyone questioning it except through a written request, which would then be treated as a grade appraisal (which could cause your mark to go down). This bogus policy of hers is to discourage students from questioning her marking system. Awfull proff in every aspect.
dont buy the text book, the case book is only usefull for the final exam and all the notes are given in class. bring an extra hand bc there are alot of notes and she doesnt have overheads or slides you can print off. shes very loud and out going but her stories are borring and she doesnt have very helpful examples
It comes as no suprise that Diane is one of the lowest ranking profs on this site. This woman is designed to demean, humiliate, and poke holes in her students - probably to feed her own sadist compulsion. She is old, disgruntled, and has outlived her shelf life at our University for far to long. I would elect to have her removed.
NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER TAKE HER CLASS. If you are taking it now then drop it.(Extremely tough grader)
She is Boring
CAVEAT EMPTOR , forewarned is forearmed ! mistakes are best made by others SO LEARN from them
This teacher expects us to know the class material at the level she knows it. There is a reason she is the teacher and we are the student. Another thing, she expects the class to participate but isn't open to accept anybody's opinion.
she is obviously very intelligent, but she is stone cold. shes quite sarcastic and unapproachable, and is likely to rip off your head if you ask stupid questions in class. shes an excellent scholar, but a horrible prof/woman.
very rude woman. Tells dumb stories which are probably not true. Avoid her!!!!!
Stay far away thats all i gota say
marks way too hard..long lectures..marks r based on her opinions
Diane? She's a killer...stay away from her...
Brutal 3 hour monotnous lectures, she lectured like a machine, aprox 6 pgs notes
