Good Class, extremely boring prof, his voice will put you to sleep
I enjoyed his class a lot. It was hard only because it was a lot to remember but once you get it, it's awesome. He's funny and passionate about what he's teaching. Good course. Although he doesn't take attendance, you do not want to miss a class!
Every class is like a sunday sermon. He is a tough grader. He tries hard to be funny.
Class can get pretty boring at times. Not a lot of grades to rely on- 2 big papers, a midterm, and a final. Not very clear on how to study for the finals. Gives some random quizzes that are easy A's though. Not very engaging, but decent for a core class.
Very kind man. Expects you to do the reading for every class, which is not unreasonable in an English course. He provides a study guide for the midterm and final. He is a reasonable grader, and is available for consultation on papers before they're due. You'll get what you put into his class.
I came into this class really loving poetry, but by the end of the semester I started to hate it. He chooses bad poetry to discuss in class and frequently admits he knows nothing about the author what he/she is saying. He is really boring as well. Don't take him for this class!
He was alright. Not the best, not the worst. A bit boring at times. I was excited about the class at first but at the end, not so much. I thought it would be easy but there is not a lot of graded work to rely on. Two papers and midterm and final (really not able to study for them though).
The professor was alright, I suppose, but I would not take him again. I got a paper back and he marked me down substantially because he disagreed with the conclusions I drew, not with any of my methodology. This is not, in my humble opinion, the mark of a good professor.
Very soft spoken and sweet man. Difficult grader, but fair. He is extremely understanding if you are sick and have to miss a class and will work with you. Sweet man, I don't recommend taking this class if you aren't extremely interested in English
very boring--i ended up dropping the class because it was just too hard to stay focused. we only studied poems from the Renaissance--not what i was expecting. very monotonous. hard to contact. NOT RECOMMENDED
Kendrick is a nice guy, soft spoken. Not a hard grader if he likes you topic. His lectures are pretty dry so make sure you get plenty of sleep before class or else you'll sleep during the lectures and miss a lot.
boring at times, but extremely approachable and helpful. rather hard grader.
Okay, so if you take Kendrick, don't take him early in the morning. He is a little dry . . .for lack of a better word. But he's easy, just show up for class, read and dont procrastonate!
Trans Women in literature is a fine course, but it's not well outlined or structured at all. There's so much reading occasionally 100+ pages each night, along with hours on end of collation work, and none of it is clearly explained whatsoever. She's incredibly smart and knowledgeable, but if you don't understand her style, you probably won't pass
Dr. Caughie is a nice woman and clearly cares about the material that she teaches, but she is a stickler for anything involving writing. I've always prided myself on being an excellent writer and I still never managed to get more than a B on her papers. She also gives reading quizzes regularly, so make sure you've read the chapters.
She seems overly eager to force students to adopt her points of view
World's most impossible grader. At first you think, ok It's me, but after you write the greatest papers you think you'll ever write Caughie is there waiting to stamp it with a big fat C! Easily the toughest grader I've had at Loyola. Wish I would have avoided.
If you are not a fantastic writer, or your general grasp of literature analysis is lacking, don't expect to get A's on your papers. Caughie is a published feminist scholar who is VERY picky about your word choice and sentence structure. Also goes off on tangents, so write down everything she says. Still super helpful outside of class.
So she is not the most organized. You want an easy lesson in literature? Stay home and read Harry Potter. If you want to encounter some difficult, but interesting, theories from an intelligent, helpful prof, take Caugie. No Wost bias.
Not horrible, no textbook needed just the internet. Take notes though on what he says in class. Often behind schedule, but the class passed quickly for me. One more tip: Learn the names of the authors and some notable quotes. Major points lost on the midterm and final.
He a good professor even though a lot of the readings are kind of dry. The time period is boring but he is able to make it interesting and pull out good information from the readings. He does quiz on readings, but mainly just the full books/plays. He's not too tough on the papers - if you write clearly you'll pass.
Took this class for my minor. Honestly made me start to hate Shakespeare. Lots of material to cover in 16 weeks, not much time to adequately cover each play. Felt like there was too much to do. He's knowledgeable for sure, but a very picky grader. Papers are also insanely long and difficult if you don't fully understand each play.
I didn't really have a choice in taking the class. I didn't really understand Shakespeare before but Dr. Biester made each play very clear. It is definitely a class you have to work to get a good grade in but it is rewarding. It's a writing intensive class so the papers are usually very time consuming. Wouldn't take again however.
Biester is a pretty good professor. His classes are mostly just lectures, but he's funny and knows the material well. If you need an extension on a paper or assignment, he's pretty understanding. Over all, his class was enjoyable and I would take him again in a heartbeat.
James Biester is the man. Very intelligent, nice, straightforward, approachable, teaches things in which you may have NO interest in such a way that makes you somewhat excited even. Difficult, but not impossible to get an A, and definitely worth while nonetheless.
He is well prepared. Presents even the boring material in somewhat of a fun way. He does ask for a lot of input in his class, so you have to partecipate. No more than 3 absences allowed. 10 minutes late=absence. Pretty respectful guy, but there are many times when he stops you and asks you to think more along the lines of what he's thinking.
If you are looking for an intellectually stimulating and ineresting Shakespeare class, DO NOT TAKE THIS.He always seems flustered and unprepared, he focuses on pointless aspects of the play, and you waste the entire class re-reading the play out loud. His paper topics are usually vague and not relating well to the main themes.Easy A, but boring
Don't let ratings fool you. It is a good class to take. You have to GO to class though. Midterms and finals are typical. I really believe that he is a good teacher. He can explain things that you may not get and the reading assignment is light.
Although Prof. Chinitz is a nice man, he takes this class too seriously in my opinion. There are two writing assignments, both of which he grades really harshly. theres a reasonable about of reading throughout the semester, but I am so bummed out that I took him as my prof. because I always try to get A's and this class didn't allow me to.
Suffering from insomnia? You won't anymore if you take this teacher. Boredom takes on a whole new meaning. That aside I will admit he knows what he is talking about.
Nice, but does not teach enough for you to understand totally. You basically teach yourself most of the time. A little spacy and talks softly so it is hard to hear. Tests are a little tricky-study workbook and text exercises closely b/c some questions are right from them.
If you're not good at Spanish don't take her. But she's not as bad as people make her out to be. She's set in her ways but if you have any basic understanding of Spanish you'll do fine in the class. Her test are tricky.
Very old, funny lady. She isn't afraid to call you out either. Stay on top of it or you will die... and the compositions suck!
I sometimes wandered if she even knew what she was talking about??
Really likes to belittle the class and individual students when they don't have their $#!% together. She acts really catty on day 1 but if you can get past that and follow her instructions she can be okay.
Joann has a very dominating presence and is kind of creepy at times. Her class is not very comfortable to be in. She has good intentions, but it didn't feel right. I don't reccomend her class unless you are a super go-getter who really wants to please.
she either likes you or hates you. if you talk with her personally then she likes you, but if you ever miss a class without an excuss, then it gets bad. Shes kind of goofy sometimes, but other times she can be VERY insulting and mean.
Nice, very entertaining, but a bit scarey at times.
i love Shannon! i was one of the last classes she taught ..
Kinda scatterbrained. Didn't really learn that much but it was FYS....She can be confusing at times.
Take someone else if you can!
I learned a lot in this class but I am not sure I really enjoyed it. Kind of strict and class always started at 10 sharp and ended at 11:50. A lot of work in class and out. Grades kind of hard. Good guy and good teacher.
I took this class online and it was difficult, but manageable. Definitely a lot of assignments due each week plus there are two group projects for the semester, which was interesting since it was online. Having said that, it still is better than taking a language class in person especially if youre like me and struggle with Spanish.
I took this class online cause I thought it wouldn't be too bad, but let me tell you, this class is difficult! Theres assignments twice a week and its not even just one assignment, there are plenty. They're very time consuming. Theres a test every couple of weeks for the chapter too. Also, she had us do group assignments for an online class.
I had her for my first two semesters. I got B's both times. Show up, do your homework and lab books and study for the tests and you will be fine.
Good professor!
Class was pretty easy -- grade considered of only midterm/final and two concert reports. Tests were based off entirely off his course manual. Tests were pretty easy, but you had to score at least a 94% to get a 3.8. Overall, good professor. Depending on your level of interest, however, this class may be very boring.
Side note: Besides midterm and final, there is the requirement of attending 2 concerts of your approved choice and writing reports for them. BUT the "concert report" consists of a handout with questions to answer (in detail, of course). That's all for homework besides studying.
Though Tom lacks a certain ability to enliven the class with his internal enthusiasm for music, his knowledge and clarity are undeniable. Also, through several decades of teaching this same class, he has refined and structured the notes into well-regimented and digestible portions. To succeed, steady attendance and a penchant for jazz are required.
Does anyone have the work for History of Rock n'roll that they dont mind giving away????
Boring to hear him lecture but the class was easy.
I personally thought this was the easiest class I have ever taken, although I know others didn't think so. I didn't think his lectures were very exciting, and I know a lot of others didn't because attendance was poor.
Good enough guy. Very funny but a bit smug. Can seem aloof. Definately knows his stuff. Won't let you skate through the class - you won't get a good grade w/o hard work. If you're not a chemist, brutally hard tests.
Professor Gieber is a hilarious guy. Ceramics I can be a very tough and frustrating class if you do not have artistic ability. The mid-term and final require a great deal of study and are in-depth exams. If you are looking for an easy fine art class I recommend searching elsewhere.
If you aren't artistically inclined, this is not the class for you. This isn't a class where you get an "A for effort." If you suck at art, you won't do very well in the class. Expect to spend at least twice as much time out of class as you do in class. Tests are pretty difficult. Avoid it if you are just trying to get a fine arts credit.
The midterm and final are ridiculously hard and he expects you to know way too much about ceramics for a 101 course (you study the chemistry of the clay and glazes) Although he is a pretty chill guy, he has a huge ego. I worked my ass off for a B- in his class. If you're into ceramics take it, if not DON'T
He's a really good professor, it's just that the class and the content of the material is a little difficult. Homework isn't graded but if you do it every night, it'll really help you on the exams because those exams are ridiculous! He's not kidding when he says he expects you to put in at least 8 hours a week just studying for his class.
If you actually want to learn differential equations, take this class. He doesnt make it easy for you but you will definitely come away knowing something. Professor Groisser can come off as a bit harsh initially but he's really a good guy that cares about how you do in the class (as long as you care enough to try!)
The class is extremely exam-heavy though and he is a tough grader. Grades are entirely composed of quizzes and exams. The quiz questions are taken directly from the homework he doesn't grade so it is easy to do well on those but unfortunately, they're not worth much compared to the exams. Sweet guy, i just wish it wasn't all exams.
I have always enjoyed computational math and this class made me realize how much more I like it compared to discrete math. Turull's "partial credit" doesn't help at all if you're lost with a question, and it is very difficult to do well since each of the 4 exams is six questions and the grade is only exams and quizzes. He's hard not to like though.
easy A class for sure! do all the extra credit and you will be fine! the papers are a joke, i got a perfect score on almost all of them. she has her TA grade them and they usually grade hard but if she goes over it, she usually adds on more points
Julie is very outgoing during her lectures. She walks around and tries to have everyone participate in the lectures. Her exams are MC,T/F,fill ins, and essay Qs. If you study the blue reading, you should get a decent grade. ;P
Ok This is college, dont expect mediocrity. She's an awesome lady! Lectures can be confusing & pointless but all makes sense @ the end of the day. Gives study guides & xtra credit. Sweet and smart. Makes u question ur pt. of view so makes u look wrong inclass but does it for a reason. Take it! Go to class, dont need da txtbk but read da small books
I had luckily taken the freshman success program and had a discussion class along with hers because her lectures have NOTHING to do with whats on the test, so the TAs just told us what we SHOULD have learned that day. However, her lectures are interesting and she does want us to learn.
didnt go to class once between the midterm and the final and I got an A on the final
Definitely not as bad as I thought it was going to be. At first, I thought she was just crazy. Towards the end, she became funnier. Sometimes she does go off topic, though.
Don't listen to what everone else said about her. Her class is really easy!!! You don't even need to show up becuase she gives you the study guides for the midterm and final. Just read the chapters on your own time and you'll be fine. Everyone in my class got an A/B on the midterm. I got an A. Don't know about finals yet.
She gives study guides, but if you don't go to class, then you won't get what is on the tests. She will ask you to write essays on movies and discussions in class
dont ever need to go to class. just get study guides. 3 tests one extra credit and one paper. one test is 30 multiple choice and rest short answer second is all short answer and final is scantron. easy teacher if you go to class.
Failed that class. No interest in politics and she is a nut. You should go, not one of the ones that just cause its big you skip.
you know those crazy people that starts to jibber jabber off topic with some point they never get too.thats her. she needs to focus on what we will be tested on.
Boring class, never went because time goes by sooooo slowly. Gives a study exam but doesnt help for the test. Better luck guessing and getting a C. A lot of movies to watch tho which are ok.
If your taking a 296 discussion/analysis class, no need to even go to the 102. Just study the study guide before the midterm and final and you'll do fine! As crazy as she seems, she's very caring if you talk to her one on one.
she is very random
She is a freak that only wears red, white, and blue yet she always bashes the government. SH e tries too hard to sound prophetic, get a grrip lady nad change your bright pink 80's lipstick!!! She is easy and offers extensive extra credit, I got an A.
hard class, boring
Very knowledgeable, but long lectures. Tests are difficult, but if you do the work you'll be fine.
very hard, learn a lot, test hard, study guides good.
Tries to be tough, shes a sweety. DO EXTRA CREDIT!
entertaining but mostly boring. Read or at least skim the book to study...
Very smart and helpful professor. Hard to follow though. Exams are not easy.
crazy lady, class difficulty okay, ec helps out grade a lot, study hard
Kooky but easy to pay attention to. Tests are easy, ditch the lectures.
very weird prof, hard class, had to do 1on1 e/c with her if ya know what i mean
She is weird, but class has good examples and one on one she is REALLY helpful
His teaching style was more like a conversation than lecture, which is amazing. You really don't need a book because he will tell you the most important pieces of information. The free test answers were nice in crunch time, but in general that practice isn't college level teaching. Highly recommend him for an Anatomy course.
Quirky and clever and cute. Class is very challenging.
He's a great instructor, just a little hard to adjust to.
Excellent instructor--so intelligent yet down to earth!!
I think he rubs some people the wrong way, but I didn't have a problem with him at all. I thought class was interesting and not overly difficult. To do well though you definitely need to go to the lectures. Study sessions he held were nice too.
Extremely knowledgeable to the point that he will rant sometimes but he is a funny guy and generally tries to keep class upbeat. You definitely have to attend lectures and take good notes to do well on the exams, but with a little effort it's not that bad.
He is a funny guy. If you go to discussion and do well on the quizzes you should be fine in the class
He tries to make you laugh all the time. His class is a breeze as long as you go. Tests are super easy and he gives extra credit. Very passionate so he will talk the entire class!
Very interesting...lectures a bit too fast, but gives great examples. Hes a bit quirky, but enjoyable. Tests are easy.
Dr. Schroedl is funny and odd. I didn't have him for a class per se...field school. He's a little annoying and not always nice but has lots of stories and is very easy.
Keeps class entertaining--great stories to share
Professor Old was great to talk to outside of class, especially when he would explain assignments in different ways for me, but the lectures were quite heavy and hard to follow when it was late in the afternoon.
You'll learn alot, and your GPA will fall alot!!
Great teacher but I felt as though she expected us all to know spanish in a 101 class
tough test grader, no easy particaption or informal writing
Lecture content droned on and some subjects made students uncomfortable because of how they were discussed. I stopped going to lecture because of how she does it. Worked hard on exams and got B's on all three (you have to use the internet on some questions). She curved the class at the end.
A bit of a forgettable Psychology class. Also, a bit too much Sigmund Freud for my liking, but the class was easy and did give some introductory insights on various topics. This is definitely one of the most intro of Drexel's intro classes. You're only given an inking into anything that isn't Freud.
Professor Killen is going to give you an easy A if that is what you are out for, but she is not going to help you learn anything. Her lectures are disorganized, and her ridiculous 5-stage exam process doesn't really encourage you to internalize anything. A pretty unremarkable and forgettable class. Would not take if you are interested in psych.
I had Dr. Killen for PSY 101. The class structure didn't really reflect the syllabus, but the course was very comprehensive. There's too much reading (1000+ pgs.) for an introductory course, however, I learned a lot. I prefer Dr. Killen as a professional contact rather than a teacher. She managed 250 students per class though, so I give her credit.
Actually took her for PSY125-Child Psychopathology She had health issues and allowed us to take the first exam at home and then we convinced her to let us do at home exams for the last two. If we had had the tests in class, I would have done horrid. There wouldn't have been enough time. Ask for take home, can't hurt. Other assignemtns aren't hard
Her exam method is the best. Easy A!!!!!!!! Shes really funny and kind of all over the place but it's definitely a fun class
Had her for an online class and everything was a group project. I constantly had to re-arrange my schedule to accomodate everyone else in the class. She needed to spend more time on time management and plagarism. Most students were running around at the last minute putting together assignments
I went into CJS 101 expecting it to be an easy class, as is expected of all 101 classes. However, Dr. Hall had other plans for the class. In a course load of 20 credits, most of the other classes being 200 level, or even 300 level, a 101 class proved to be the most amount of work for me.
Took this class thinking it was gonna be easy but it was the complete opposite. Homework everyday and lectures are long. Make sure you're very specific when it comes to tests, spelling and grammar is important! One big project that includes going to the museum and either doing a hands on project or a report on it.
It's an intro to art class, you'd think it'd be easy but it's not. Semester project requires a lot of time, a lot. 4 grades given in the entire class. Better be prepared.
Dr.de Koning is so helpful. She is nice and very good at what she does. She gives you all the information you need for the tests all you have to do is study it. Class requires a lot of studying so be prepared to work super hard. If you're planning your schedule make sure all your other classes are easy like P.E. or Film Analysis.
i had her and at first she wasnt my favorite very strict about cellphones and being late. but otherwise she has a structured class very detailed in lectures which allow you to take better notes that you need on the exams only thing is you better have a good memory to pass those exams she is very into class interactions nice woman tho just strict
She's alright, but the class is waaaaay to long. seriously, and i took it at night, so it was majorly boring. if you are really into old buildings, and loooong lecutures, this class may be for you
I really enjoyed this class and she was a great teacher. yes you have to work for what you get in the class, but if you're interested in art history then its no big deal.She is always willing to help students, they just have to ask.
Overall you'll learn A LOT about art. she LOVES art. The tests are very easy except for the essay part, she never tells you what exactly she wants so you'll never know. DONT miss class, she does in class essays on random days.
This class bored the hell out of me. i am an art major but i wanted to fall asleep every class. she lectures the whole class. tests are easy but she is very unclear about them. other than boring, the class wasnt that hard.
Great talent for Lecture. Difficult class, but very influencial and momentous. She is probabally too smart for most of us, but I liked that. Talk to her about philosophy, her thoughts will light fire to your brain. If you are a true Artist you will identify with her as I have.
MEMORIZE EVERYTHING...ALL TESTS ARE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT (3 TESTS + FINAL). 8 PAGE PROJECT DUE AFTER A 5 HOUR MUSEUM VISIT. THIS IS PROOF THAT SOME GENERAL ED TEACHERS WANT YOU TO BE A MAJOR IN THE FIELD THEY ARE TEACHING...WHOOPI
He's a decent enough conductor, and he gets the music sounding excellent, but he's a little unreasonable sometimes. He needs to understand sometimes that his rehearsal is not always the most important thing in the world. Sometimes he's in the right, but most of the time it just seems like he's being a jerk.
Mr. Bianchi is simply fantastic. I can't even express how excellent of a musician he is. And as long as you dont get on his bad side he is absolutely hilarious in class. Best band director you will ever have.
He gets too worked up at times, but at other times, he's a great teacher. Just don't piss him off and you'll be fine.
This prof. is only helpful if he can get something in return. He charms his way in and out of everything expecting no problems from others. He's vague when speaking or communicating and often leaves students very confused. Not to mention he's notorious for crossing the line with students. He's an embarrassment to WSU.
Nice guy... he makes band rehearsals fun!
He is very kind and excepting as well as very interesting. He gives a lot of work plus we had to read two books this semester and both were very triggering. He grades separately by discussion posts and will fail you if you dont do them. Hes a good teacher but a tough grader you will be putting in work.
Johnnie has an awesome personality, and absolutely does want to see his students pass, but it's difficult content so you have to go to class! He takes attendance for this reason. The tests are very fair, but there are only 3 (and one homework packet due at the end of the semester worth the same as a test)
This was a challenging class for me. Did a lot of extra work (not extra credit work) to do well in the class. I'm in classes for the experience and keeping my very old mind sharp (well, at least not slushy) a few extra years.. Johnnie is far and away one of the best instructors I've experience at Sierra.
Prof T makes his class fun, however sometimes I felt like topics were repeated far too many times to the point where we got behind and were rushed to finished at the end of the semester. If you show up to class it is pretty hard to not get an A. The tests are straight forward and he allows notes.
I had his tv class and when i went in for help he was much better looking than on tv. His tech Amy and him conversationalize too much. But when Amy does interject then she does help bring some clarity. His class is a bit more difficult because you have to pick up on what you really need to know in his lecture. It's definitely not a slacker class.
He's okay, but I think he's overrated. I didn't find his teaching and lectures that interesting.
good teacher! didnt turn me to a phil major, but definitely made me think. barely cracked open my books and still did decent in the class. hilarious guy, i always looked forward to class
The course was hard but he's super funny!
Professor Taylor is nice, but I hated her teaching style. Doesnt lecture so you HAVE to take your own notes at home. Going to class felt pointless but attendance is graded. Notes can be used on the test, but you will not pass the tests with only the notes from class. You need notes from the book as well. Just take this class online and avoid her.
i was surprised by kathleen's energy for the class--she was always really pumped to teach and it made the class really fun. however, if you get confused by something in one of her lectures, don't be surprised if she gets annoyed when you need help.
Kathleen is a good teacher but some of her questions can be a bit confusing sometimes. I took the 8 week online course and enjoyed it but its a LOT of reading and writing to do in 8wks but do-able! I would recommend the online course if you can stay on top of the assignments. Do the work and everything the question asked and you will get an A!
If you care about feminism, take the class. It's so eye opening. She really knows her stuff, its amazing how much she knows about what goes on in the world. The class is mostly just discussions, a few projects here and there (do those, they save your grade). Quizzes online are easy, just google the answer. You don't need the textbook.
She's great! Her lectures were interesting. Read the book. There were quizzes online. She's passionate about the subject. I definitely recommend.
She's awesome! A very knowledgeable professor, not just about women's studies. I feel as though you are rewarded for attendance and participation. You are responsible for keeping up on assignments and quizzes, she won't do it for you. I feel like you get what you give in this class is what you get. And it's definitely a survey class.
Tests are the hardest part of the class but if complete all the textbook reading the are not too difficult.
Kathleen is a great teacher. I found her lectures to be very informative, even if she did go off course slightly. Her tests are difficult and there are some pretty in depth projects. Do the readings, watch the videos and don't miss class. Take notes to refer back on to study for tests.
Very interesting class and entertaining teaching style but does not tie in book material to class material very well;Quizzes and tests are hard-leave you feeling like you've learned absolutely nothing;Overall dissapointing
Cant Ask For An Easier class. perfect class to balance your Chem,Bio or English class with. 1 midterm & Final. everyone slept or left class and found all the test answers online and in his movie packets. sometimes kinda moody but overall your average S.C. Teacher
awesome, nice, easy, why not?
This class is pretty hard. Be prepared to read your text book and to do some serious studying. While attendance isn't mandatory per se, quizes are given every day that affect your grade. If you read, and go to class you should do fine on the tests.
She never made attendance mandatory then got mad when students didnt attend. Not overly friendly or helpful.
okay, i never read anything. i got an A. you just need to show up to class and take the stupid quizzes. cram a little for your tests and you'll be fine.
He is just a really dull and boring British guy...his test are extremely hard...if he says you dont need to know dates YOU NEED TO KNOW DATES!
Barry is an exceptional teacher. He challenges you and makes you really participate in class. if you are a quite one-DONT take his class- He grades hard, but expects you to know your****. One of my favorite proffs here!!! There is a fanclub on face book... BarryRothismyhero JOIN!
Barry's classes are an acquired taste. Barry's belittling may seem mean spirited, but it's not. He is trying to get you to be the best you can be: to be as articulate as possible, to stay focused. He uses the Socratic method to discuss novels, and it makes most teenagers and early-twentysomethings feel insecure (understandably). Tough-lovers only.
Honestly, I remember this guy saying something in class like "let this Jew teach you good little Christians..." blah, blah, blah. It would be sad if it weren't so comical. If he upset you, be comforted by the fact that when you get out in the real world you will probably be making more money than him, and you will realize that people like him aren'
He was okay. He had an overinflated ego, but I actually liked the confrontational style of the classroom. The only problem is, he acted that way outside of the classroom too. That's unprofessional, in my opinion. Decent professor, though.
At least you won't be bored. This guy is something else. I love his pink shirts as well! I don't know how I can be so afraid of a guy who wears such silly outfits. Speak up in class. I never participate and it's probably going to show in my grade.
Scary, but cool. Love the hot pink Minnie Mouse T-shirt.
The grades in this class are a midterm paper and a final paper, and they're pretty difficult. However, Hunt is a hilarious and interesting professor. His lecture style is a little ADD, but he makes up for it with really interesting content.
Grades mostly come half from quizzes taken every week and half from the lab portion of the course. It's not hard if you pay attention to lectures and take good notes. Lab can be difficult with many assignments on top of class coursework.
Read B4 class, you'll need to discuss the design of a study b4 lecture. Give APLIA full attention, could make a letter grade difference. Tests 80% short answer (tough grading) MC HARD, a firm handle on lectures/APLIA helps. Formulas provided. Devote your time to this class or you'll wind up at/below C - Curves based on class performance.
He does not make it easy, but he is fair and the material is either directly related to lecture or from his assigned readings from his secondary textbook. Tests are difficult, but if you did the reading from the other text and went to lectures and understood them then you will be fine.
I took Intro to Cognitive psych with Dr. Carroll and boy was it an incredibly rewarding class. The enthusiasm and passion he brings to the class room is amazing! This class was a lot of work, many readings to keep up with and somewhat challenging tests. An A is NOT easy in this class, but it is not impossible.
will not round, I had an 89.3 and i needed one more question right, she was pretty rude about it too
I think she was a good teacher overall. Seemed rude, which she kinda is, but if you go to her office hours and show her you are trying then she is nice.Teaches really fast but encouraged students to go to office hours, very helpful. I tried my hardest and got C's on the exam. I even went to her office hours. My advice, do the labs, and go to class
99% sure the person below my comment is Cohen rating herself... but anyway she's pretty good if you go to class and take good notes. GO TO LAB. You will kick yourself if you are a few points off at the end of the semester and lab would have been enough to put you over the top... Get a good study group and memorize categories, etc. to get a solid B
She knows what she is talking about. The book helps a lot. To study for the test just do the wiley over and over again.
She's not as bad as she makes herself out to be. She's much better than ACCT 210 blanchard. She teaches things along with the book and the lab is worth attending. I hated the class at the time, but looking back she did a good job. I learned about as much as I could for having absolutely no interest in accounting.She's fair and tries to help you out
The people who say that Cohen is hard are the people who do not go to class!! What is the point of being in college if you are not going to class. But anyways, if you go to the lab print out the slides online and take them to class, you should do fine. Most importantly GO TO CLASS!! SHE GIVES YOU EXAMPLE PROBLEMS THAT WILL BE ON THE TEST!!
She can come off as mean but she is nice to those who are trying to do good in the class. The tests are a lot easier if you do the practice problems and study hard.
Just go to her office hours...she has zero personality, but talk about her kids and she really warms up to you. The class sucks though.
Be prepared to work. Cohen tells you straight up what you need to know, so if you study and learn it you'll be ok.
Chin was definitely one of the more challenging professors I have taken in the ICS department. His quiz questions come straight from the book (for the most part). His programming assignments were tough but he answers emails quickly. His exams were probably the hardest part of his class. He provides a good amount of extra credit. He is fair.
His 215 course was one of the toughest courses I've taken at UH, but it's made me a much better programmer. The assignments and exams are rough, but Mr. Chin always is available to help and always answers emails within the hour. Not the best professor I've had but not as bad as most make him out to be. I did hate those 'quiz shows' though!
Hilarious guy- if you're sensitive he'll offend you Says the stuff people don't want to hear but need to hear.
If you can let yourself be immersed in his approach you will be transformed as a student and a thinker.
professor adams is a really nice guy and the class is really interesting... he's kind of lazy though, the TA does most of the work and grading. i'd definitely recommend taking a class with him, you'll learn a lot if you keep up with the readings.
Took social psych w/ Adams. As interesting as the class / topic was, it is not his thing. He was demanding and not so clear on things. Expects a lot so if you are not a major I would take it with someone else.
Awesome professor. I am glad I took this class. I loved it.
Arrogant
His class is very challenging but you can learn alot from him. If you take the time to get help when you need it, his class really isn't that hard.
His class was hard, but that is what I am here for. SMC wants people to be proficient in a language. However, he wasn't clear and wasn't easy to talk to. However, he is a totally different man outside of class. We sang in the Holiday concert. Listen!
Great sense of humor, and tends to understand/empathize with student's needs. Rather biased, and brings personal aspects into the classroom, but in a good way. Only real complaint is that there's too much of a focus on symbolism in analyzing the stories.
Niemi's film course was interesting. Good film choices. He's not the best prof. I've ever had but he knows his stuuff. Recommedned.
Highly intelligent guy, decent course.
it took me awhile to figure it out, but he is excurciatingly boring. At times i felt i could have taught the class better, however, it is severely easy, so take it if you like easy A's.(ps, i'm talking about Film class..)
BORING...but good reading
Well known and is super knowledgeable, but she could be kinder and more gracious.
Pam was my all time favorite professor. I tried to take one of her classes every semester
He's super funny but also challenging. You'll learn a lot, espeically the meaning of the word "dissonant."
pretty good
Knows her stuff... sometimes. I don't know what to say about her except that she tends to be a bit disorganized and grades like the Wicked Witch of the West... but she's really nice though. I don't know... I can't seem to figure her out. She does grade with a fine tooth comb though.... man. First B in a class I'm going to get.... sucks.
Nice teacher, knowledgeable about subject, hard grader. Just be sure to clarify, and then clarify again, before turning in an assignment. Go through your work with a fine tooth comb before turning it in - because she sure will!
Stop saying 'and that' between thoughts.
Do NOT choose stanlaw if you have a type A personality. He provides NO structure. No homework which is nice but your entire grade is based on 4 tests. His lectures are interesting... sometimes, but he is so scatterbrained that it is impossible to work ahead or even keep up sometimes.
I love Stanlaw. He's quirky and hilarious. Not to mention very passionate and knowledgeable about his subject. Only four tests, but they aren't that hard. We often connect our unit to popculture which is quite engaging. Lectures sometimes seem long but I think that's more because of when the class is, not Stanlaw's lectures.
You really don't have to go to class to get a good grade. But if you do attend the lectures you'll pass with an A no doubt.
His lectures are long and he tends to ramble a little. I understand that he is passionate about his topic and wishes us to understand why. He doesn't explain what we will be tested on and all the points come from the tests. He also dims the lights in the evening class i am in so its easy to fall asleep.
Buy is notes book and read it and go over his study guide and you should be fine. Read his novels that he assigns. I barley went to class and am getting a C-B. Class is so boring he just rants on and on. But shows movies a lot.
He rambles on and he has you watch lots of boring films but he's not that bad. I do not have his notebook and take notes and so far have gotten A's on all my test. His study review sessions are also helpful. He does get annoying because he goes of topic and tries to joke around but overall a nice guy who likes teaching
People who say that this class is terrible obviously do not know what a good professor is when they have one. Stanlaw was not only funny, but also very helpful. He wants all of his students to succeed and that is why I got an 96 in his class. He goes off topic a lot, but I think that is what keeps his class interesting.
Avoid this class at all possible costs i'm a straight A student and am struggling. If you take it, buy the notes, they help somewhat but you should really go to class to make sure you can watch the videos. Take excess notes because the notes from the book are a useless pile of thoughts with mistakes in spelling and grammar His exams are pretty hard
This class is okay. Make sure you buy the two novels and the notes that he makes for this class. It's almost impossible if you don't have the notes. It's kind of hard to stay awake because he turns off the lights. Overall, it was better than I expected.
He is experienced in his work, but talks directly from his notes that you can purchase. BUY the notes. Shows many videos in lecture, questions will be on test about videos and some class discussion. He is boring and hard to follow sometimes but go to class, and GO to the review sessions. Not hard to do well in this class just study the notes!
If at all possible, DO NOT take this class. I was very interested before I stepped foot in the first day. He always turns thi lights practically off, doesn't go over exam material until 5 min before class ends the day before the test, makes rude comments. A friend of mine who is a 4.0 student couldn't get an A...if you get stuck here, buy the notes
This class is awesome if you are into cultures, human nature, and why people do what they do. We watched a lot of interesting films and documentaries and he always had cools slides during his lectures to make them more interesting. The tests are easy and straight from his notes (I recommend buying them). He's also quite hilarious.
Good man, easy class. Just go to the review sessions and you'll pass. They basically tell you the answer to each question in the exam, hot TA's too.
Put it this way, I have never slept in a college course my 2 years at ISU, but ended up sleeping at least 70% of all lectures. I thought it would be an easy A, but had to study a good amount to get a B.
THis class was a big joke. I never attended class and still got a B. All you have to do is have someone you know that is smart next to you and copy off them because the tests are the exact same. Easy grade.
This class is pretty boring. Just make sure you see the videos he shows in class otherwise you don't really need to go. Buy his notes he sells (it has many typos) and read the books assigned. Go to the study sessions and you will at least get a B in the class. You also get to drop your lowest test. Its basically a blow off class.
Boring lectures, but it turns out they are not that necessary to go to. Eassssy.
Bring a pillow and sleep in the back
This class is very boring, it's not very hard. I recommend buying the notes he put together! The tests are off that! He sometimes brings a dog to class! He talks fast and is dorky, but it's not too bad
The class is very easy. I would buy the optional class notes. He reads almost directly off of it during class. He is more than willing to go over any test with you.
The lecture notes you can buy help, but you still have to go to class to watch the movies
YOU NEVER HAVE TO GO TO CLASS! All you have to do is buy his book for $10 and it contains the actual lecture notes that he reads during class! It is unbelieveable!
If you go to class, start your HW/Project EARLY, and study/bring good notes to the tests you'll be fine. HW was alot but not impossible, and who really likes working on group projects? He has that exam average rule but I had an 81 exam avg and still got an A. No as terrible as everyone else is saying, just stay on top of it and you'll be fine.
I thought that this class was interesting, but sometimes when I e-mailed him questions he didn't get back to me for a few days and my program was late. Class is a little fast - but otherwise okay.
This is my second class with him. If you wanna take this class be ready not to have a life.
I learned a lot in this class but the workload is huge!!! Make as many points as you can early in the semester because you will need them later. Lim is smart and can explain stuff, but the pace in this class is tough.
He's a very smart person, but has a hard time going down to students' level
She was ok. She's funny. Her TA, Paul, I found to be more helpful. Her UTAs are rly involved for some reason and some are rly condescending when you ask questions. Ive seen them laugh at people multiple times. Exams are fair. Sometimes content on exams wouldn't be in textbook, so def go to class. I don't recommend for bio 2, maybe another class tho
Dr. Roberts is a pretty nice person and has an great grading system (fives exams but you get to drop one + lots of extra credit and quizzes). However, exams can be confusing and questions try to trick you. Also, she is too overly focused on making people participate and will get annoyed if you don't. Also rarely gives answers to practice problems.
READ. THE. TEXTBOOK. Not everything on her exams is covered in class. The way her exams are worded is tricky, and you need to know details of the content. Do the worksheets too (helpful for open responses). Has a very dry and sarcastic humor that is not for everyone. She is very accessible through email and office hours. Exam averages are horrid.
I took Dr. Roberts because I heard she was amazing. I respect her and she has a great story, however I would not take this teacher again if possible. 80% of our grades were hard tests, and you can drop 1 but not the final. It was a veryyy hard class, because the tests were super hard. I didn't like the lectures much either.
Her lectures and slides are confusing, especially when there is little extra reinforcement in recitation or homework. Final grade is based almost entirely on exams, which are purposefully tricky and have many errors and typos. Most questions are application based, so memorizing course material isn't very helpful.
Exams were tough, but passable. Some questions were questionable, and did not pertain to anything that was mentioned during lecture.
Lectures were bland and honestly it was hard to stay engaged sometimes. She made a lot of weird inappropriate comments, which I don't mind usually, but she did it basically every lecture she taught. She's not a very good question writer for exams and she's also a tough grader, which is a rough combo. Easy to pass, hard to ace.
Difficult class but manageable if you put in the work/time. Lecture slides often felt random & incomplete. I had to read the book/use AP Bio notes to teach myself & make connections. Exams weren't too hard, but questions were worded poorly & difficult to interpret. Office hours & TAs were helpful.1st 2 exams are hard, but last 2 exams are easier.
She's much better at teaching ecology than she is at DNA. She refused to answer students' questions in class. Tests were on specific examples, and she tests obscure concepts. She's a frustrating lecturer because she herself doesn't know a lot of what she teaches (especially DNA). You have to learn how she operates to do well in the class.
Dr. Roberts' class is a fair and solid choice academically. I attended lectures and studied heavily for exams to finish with an A-. Exam questions require some thinking/application, so learn the material well. Sometimes lectures were difficult to follow because the slides were disorganized and answers to practice questions were not given.
Dr. Roberts was a solid choice for Bio 0150. Her tests are exactly what we covered in her slides, but beware - a lot of her test questions are application questions (so you REALLY need to know the material). Sometimes TA made questions taught completely wrong material, which was not great. But overall, don't be worried to take the class.
I think her slides are a little convoluted, and some of her questions on the exam are extremely specific. It is possible to get an A, but it is hard and takes a lot of time. She wants to make sure you are committed to STEM and is not lenient. However, I don't think it is as bad as everyone says.
Dr. Roberts is enjoyable listen to and interact with during lecture, but her quizzes are written to be challenging and the final is quite difficult, so make sure to keep your grade as high as possible going into the final. There is opportunity to earn credit in other parts of the class, but overall your grade is determined by your test scores.
She's alright, not too hard, but definitely not easy. Assume that anything she discusses in the lecture will show up on a quiz. Be prepared for weirdly competitive peers and talking to the TA bc she doesn't have a lot of time to give outside of lecture.
Although her exams are VERY difficult, she is a good teacher and I learned a lot from her class. You can't skip lecture or else you'll be lost, and you do need to put in a decent amount of work outside of class to do well. She has a TON of TAs that are very helpful. She is also a very kind and funny person.
I had her for ecology and I wasn't really a fan of her class. she was definitely test heavy, pretty tough, and some of her questions on the exams were kinda tricky which made me doubt my answer. If you are really good at taking exams and don't mind putting in a LOT of hours to prepare for each exam then this class is probably right up your alley
I had a tough time with this class, but Dr. Roberts made herself very accessible outside of class. If you take the time to speak with her, she will do what she can to help you understand the material and what you can do to earn back points if you mess up an exam or two.
Dr. Roberts is a very good lecturer. You definitely need to read the textbook, pay attention in class, and take good notes. Her power points are very helpful and you can ask her questions in class and recitation. She also has lots of TAs if you need extra help. As long as you devote a lot of time to studying (a little bit a day) you should do okay.
Grade is mostly determined by 4 multiple choice exams (final is optional) and in-class quizzes. Lectures are mostly based off the slides, which she does make available. Going to class is still helpful for clarifying what's written. Exams are drawn up by the TAs so there are occasional weird questions that get thrown out.
Dr. Roberts is a nice lady and she tries hard to get to know people even in a large class. But her exams are INSANELY HARD and her slides are really vague so when you're in class you have to somehow listen to her lecture, take extremely detailed notes, and answer questions all at the same time. (also no curve which sucks)
Dr. Roberts is a very good lecturer and she makes it clear what will be important to succeeding in the class. However, her exams are very difficult it is almost like she sets you up to fail every time. This class requires a lot of extra effort and studying. There are many resources outside of class to succeed.
Nice lady and a decent lecturer but the main downside is that her exams are VERY DIFFICULT. But overall it is possible to get a good grade in her class if you put in enough effort
good teacher, she has good analogies to help you memorize some of the information, lectures can be long, labs are fun, shes a tough grader. Quizlet is one of the only things i found to be unhelpful only 10/130 questions are on the actual tests. The power points are the most accurate as far as testing goes.
This class was definitely not easy. The exams are mostly written by the TAs and the questions are wordy making it hard to do well. Her lectures are not super interesting or helpful. I don't think she's awful as long as you are prepared to work for your grade. This is not a blow off class and you should attend class bc there are tophat questions.
Dr. Roberts is a really great lecturer and I definitely learned so much from her class. The tests were extremely hard, especially compared to other Bio 150 professors. There are many resources to succeed in the course so it is definitely not impossible to pass, but it will take a lot of studying and work.
Her tests ARE hard. However, if you truly know how everything works that is written in the textbook, you should know how certain changes will affect different processes. Being able to manipulate and apply everything that you know is key to acing her tests. Very possible to do well in the class if you take it seriously. I repeat, SERIOUSLY.
She's tough if you wanna go pre-med take her
She's tough, plain and simple. You have to work for an A, and there are much easier options for Bio 1. That being said, I enjoyed my experience in her class. Exams are 90% lecture material. Helpful in office hours. Let's you drop your lowest midterm grade. Kind of condescending, but that's just her style, you get used to it. Low midterm averages
No doubt the class was hard, but if you dedicate yourself to studying and working hard, an A is doable. I put all of my focus into doing well in this class. The test questions are elaborate and emphasize application of material and topics, not just memorizing. If you need help, go to office hours for clarification because she is willing to help
in class clicker questions, so participation matters, but she usually bumps them up if you go often enough. lectures are pretty straightforward and entertaining. I would DEFINITELY recommend reading the book. she says to focus on her slides but she does use questions that are only talked about in the book- mainly vocab.
Dr. Roberts is a tough professor and makes you work for your grade but an A is possible. She cares a lot about biology and her students. She is known for having the hardest tests but as long as you read the text book and attend class you should be fine. Studying in groups and dissecting the slides is your best way to study for the class.
A wonderful person, but a very tough teacher. The class is definitely passable as long as you score above the curve. She does curve at the end of the semester. Her TA's are wonderful and a great resource to use. She is extremely passionate and wants students to really succeed, but to also comprehend the material.
Roberts is tough because she will test your MASTERY of all of the info from the units, not just your understanding. Be prepared to answer questions that require applications of the material, not just questions on the material itself. Study hard and go to office hours if you care about your bio grade. Lectures are a must and they are really cool.
Dr. Roberts is a very entertaining person, however she is misleading. Her tests have lots of curveballs and it is really easy to fail. The way she sets up the final grade is peculiar.
This class is a weed out class because Pitt has so many pre-med students. This class is specifically harder here, so if you don't have a good grasp on bio, DO NOT take it here. If you need it as a requirement, the class is a struggle no matter how much time you put it. Spending hours of time preparing didn't help me at all. The test are impossible
Dr. Robert's have interesting lectures that the tests are heavily based on, but if you don't have a solid grasp of biology before the class, you will be spending hours reading the textbook just for clarification. The exams are absolutely ridiculous, no matter how many review sessions and time you put in. Test averages are mid 60%. completely unfair
Classic weeder class which is why there many ZOMG SHES IMPOSSIBLE!! reviews. She can do odd things w exams but overall is solid This isnt a cakewalk, have to legit work, need good habbits and to KEEP UP w class but really its mostly memorization and quite basic conceptual understanding. What youll be demanded to do later on is MUCH more challenging
This class is all about memorization and application. I struggled through her class because I am more of a math person. Prior to her class I had no interest in Bio but I truly love the subject now. I received a D+ originally but because I showed up to EVERYTHING (lecture, recitation, and office hour) she knew how hard I was trying and gave me the C
I had no interest in Bio prior to taking this class, but Laurel Roberts actually got me interested in the subject. Her powerpoints don't cover much, but if you write down what she says and read the book, go to recitation and use the MasteringBio website, you should be fine. This class requires a lot of work, at least 1-2 hours per hour of class.
She can get off topic during lecture and then speed through the lecture to make up for lost time. Everything that was on the test she mentioned during lecture, reading the book can help you understand some concepts better. She sometimes adds some extra information that you don't need to know for exams. She is tough, but an A is possible.
If you go to class and office hours, you can get an A in this class. Her tests are different from what many people may be used to, but I found them easy because I went to lecture and office hours. Also, if you write exam questions and send them to her, she might put them on the test, which benefits you come test time!
extremely hard class but you do learn a lot if you try. if you want a decent grade you MUST GO TO LECTURE. she has a horrible time staying focused on important material so definately go to office hours and recitations if you can and definately read the book and take notes on a daily basis or you will drown before a test.
I had Dr. Roberts for both 150 and 160. She is relatively distracted during lectures, but she knows what she's talking about. Test questions sometimes seem unfair, but exams are very do-able if you study using her notes and the textbook. Definitely read all assigned chapters and try not to skip lectures.
This class was one of the most painful experiences in my college career.I am usually a straight A student, but I struggled to get C's on her tests after studying for hours each day.She's a kind lady, but her tests are unfair, and worded so poorly that even she has a hard time getting the right answer.Take Bledsoe instead, not Coffman or Roberts
This class was one of the most painful experiences in my high school career.I am usually a straight A student, but I struggled to get C's on her tests after studying for hours each day.She's a kind lady, but her tests are unfair, and worded so poorly that even she has a hard time getting the right answer.Take Bledsoe instead, not Coffman or Roberts
One of the hardest professors at Pitt. Her final was IMPOSSIBLE. People literally got below 50% that are smart. I have never meant someone, no lie, who has gotten an A on one of her exams. BUT, you will come out of the class knowing Bio, and understanding. She is a good teacher, just not a good test maker. She is very friendly in office hours!
She's a nice lady and her lecture is very interesting, but sometimes she lacks in the "teaching" department, and tells you what to know for the test, but doesn't explain. Her exams are brutal. She uses UTAs and gives them way too much freedom and say. Also, when she says "extra credit", she doesn't mean it. I give her a B-.
My first impression of her wasn't great, but the more I sat in her class, the more I realized she's not that bad. I never went to office hours, but I've heard they're extremely helpful. And you have to attend class because what she says in lecture comes up on a lot of exams.
very hard class! if you're enrolled i suggest dropping right away. friendly but tests were very hard. dont waste your time going to lecture, better off just reading the book. studied a lot and still found tests very challenging. very nice and approachable during office hours. powepoints are useless so be sure to read the chapters!
she is impossible!! her tests are extremely tricky! i would study for days/weeks and still not do well...and no matter how low the class average is i dont think she cares that the class is failing. right now my class is at a 69% average for the semester. if you can avoid her, definitely do it.
Lectures are a little rushed, but clear. It seems as though she often speaks for a class full of all pre-med/pharmacy students, so if you're a pre-health student she is especially interesting. She will force you to work hard on your own, but you learn a lot of biology in the process. Don't be scared off by her expectations and difficulty.
helpful and approachable, but this class was hard. sometimes lectures were useless. you have to read the textbook or you will be totally lost. tests are really hard (the average score for my class on each test was around 67%)
I had Dr. Roberts for Ecology. She does seem personable and nice, but I'm not a huge fan of her as a professor. She holds my attention, but her powerpoints are sometimes out of order and disorganized. She'll ask questions on some of the slides and won't answer them for you. Her tests are kind of challenging too. Whatevs...
Avoid this class if possible. Her tests are pretty difficult. She uses PowerPoint with pictures from the book and goes through them too fast. She goes off on tangents about trivial things that have nothing to do with Bio. Know each chapter you study like the back of your hand. That's pretty much all you can do help yourself if you have her class.
Read the book.
All in all a good teacher, very knowledgeable about the subject matter. Very pesonaable and available for office hours. Study her pre-tests, they give an excellent example of how in depth to get with the book, which is deep.
Personally, I found the way she presented the material to the class to be confusing. She is very keen on the Socratic method (she'll ask you for the answer and won't tell you if you are completely correct at times). If you STUDY the vocabulary and the BOOK you shouldn't be too bad. Do her clicker questions too-can be the difference b/t grades.
Dr. Roberts' bio for majors classes are difficult. If you just go to class and take notes you'll probably do well enough to pass. However, go to her office hours, and you'll do better because who understands the Calvin cycle the first time around?
oh laurel... her tests are the hardest out of all the intro bio teachers, but she's actually a nice woman and pretty interesting. once you get used to her she's not so bad... but since mostly freshman take the class it can be pretty scary at first. i know i cried.
She really isnt that bad. If you attend lecture and study her notes and old tests there is no reason why you shouldnt get a B in her class.
go to office hours the first week and kiss her ass. you'll be golden.
lots of work and complicated tests, but not too bad
Athanas was okay, she's a tough teacher and can give a lot of critiques at the beginning of class. Definitely wants her students to succeed. The class was harder than anticipated especially considering I took AP Calc AB in high school and got a 3 on the AP exam, but as long as you work at it and do homework you should pass.
You will not do well in this class unless use her website and the loncapa every day for at least two hours. Her tests require an in depth understanding of all the material so definitely do more work than what's assigned, go to all of the lectures, take good notes, and put in lots of work.
First off calc at pitt is really difficult. She does her best to help. She has very open office hours, and will also find time to be available. I think she suffers from the curse of knowledge and forgets what it was like to learn calc. She grades harshly! I messed up on some simplification to a problem and got a 2/10. but was willing to hear me out
While her lectures were engaging and relatively clear, the tests were brutal. We never learned a few of the concepts on her tests. For example, we learned optimization, but we never learned how to find the dimensions of an object inscribed inside another object and it was on the second exam. The final was easier than expected.
While her class and exams are quite hard, they make the final seem simple. I actually felt relieved seeing the types of problems on the final, as they were fairly easy compared to past exam problems. Shes a bit abrasive at times but cares and will definitely help you out quite a bit. If you put in the effort, you can make it through calc with her
She has a personality that comes off as abrasive, but cares in office hours. To pass use her website and practice from it a lot She preps well for the final as she writes most of it. Lectures are confusing and long. You have to fill in the gaps on your own. Its a tough class. Do NOT take if you never had calc before. Requires hard work but doable.
the only thing factored into your grade are the 2 exams and the final so there really isn't much room for a low grade if you want to excel in the class. she expects you to already to have a strong background in calculus, so if you don't then this class can prove to be quite a difficulty. if familiar with calculus 1, go for athanas!!!!
Athanas is nice and loves Calc, but her lectures were often very boring and confusing. Her tests were mostly straightforward but had a few problems that you hadn't seen before. You also never knew when you had a quiz which I didn't like. Pretty sure she writes the final so that's a plus if you have her
I took Professor Athanas for Calc 1 and 2. Did really well in Calc 1, but had to retake Calc 2 because of how hard she makes the exams compared to the practice problems. I would have definitely taken another professor for Calc 2. If you go to office hours, you will probably get thrown aside unless you are one of her favorites.
She very clearly cares for her students and is willing to have people in her office while doing homework if they need help. That being said, while she is a great teacher and person, if you've never taken calc before don't take her. For your own sake. She more or less assumes that you've taken it in high school which can make her class a struggle.
She is really passionate about what she is teaching but she can get off track and confuse us. She is actually kind of crazy. The tests are harder than than the examples in lecture and the homework. I personally would not take the class again.
Dr. Athanas is a kind prof who wants you to succeed. That being said, calculus is difficult and her class is more difficult than most. Don't expect curving; expect to work hard and still be average.
She's a great person and great teacher but her tests are very difficult. She does not curve and does not give much partial credit. Only two tests, a final, and homework grade, so there isn't much room for error. The only test curved is the final. Great teacher, but if you are looking for a class that won't hurt you GPA, try a teacher that curves.
Athanas is hands down one of the best professors I've ever had. Does a great job of breaking down and explaining complex concepts. Difficult class. Tough grader but very enthusiastic & passionate teacher. Come to office hours prepared with thoughtful questions, show up to lab, do some textbook problems, pay attention in class and you're golden
Not a bad teacher, pretty enthusiastic and interesting. Although I usually understood what was taught in lecture, the test were often completely different. Doing book problems is VERY important, will help with tests.
Tends to be very scatterbrained and can confuse herself. Class notes tend to be unorganized. Provides with realistic practice tests online. Lon capa not too difficult (labs help). Chooses helpful TAs. Rumored to write the final which is long. Purely a lecturer. Enthusiastic and cares. Textbook probs for practice help with understanding.
If you do the online homework and understand how to do it all, you should ace the tests. No surprises on her tests. Always willing to help you and cares about her students doing well. Go to class, if she knows your face and name you will do better in any of her classes.
Exam questions are extreamly difficult. You will not find anything compariable in the book. The final was 11 pages long, 12 including the cover. I studied for the final using the book, which was useless. I attended every lecture, and still failed the class. There was is a major disconnect with the bookwork, and questions asked on exams.
68 class average on first exam. ENOUGH SAID. If you want a good grade don't take her, unless you're brilliant. Let us retake 2 pages of the second exam since we did so awful on it. Then she made the problems we had to redo nearly impossible. She's ruining engineers college careers.
Angela cares that you do well, which is something that professors in higher levels of mathematic at Pitt don't seem to do. Tests are fair and her lectures are worth going to.
Angela Athanas is slightly more difficult than other math teachers at Pitt. She teaches straight up from memory without any notes in front of her so she knows her stuff, but at times it was difficult to understand her teaching methods. Her tests are not that bad, it's a good idea to look at her previous tests they helped me a lot.
She is a good teacher.I enjoyed taking her class. I could have made an A if I had studied well for the finals. You just have to work hard and make an A in the two midterm exams which in my opinion are not so difficult. If you make an A in them then, even if you make a C in your finals, you can't make less than a B in ur final grade.
If you don't know the material well beforehand you likely won't be able to get by without reading the book. Knows what she's talking about, and often will skip steps on the board.
Shes Eh Eh. Ok !! kinda .. Good luck on the final..
You don't want to mess with Athanas. In the beginning of the year she always wore sleeveless shirts, and this lady definately pumps some iron. She is a lively character, and really wants you to understand what you're doing, not just spit out formulas. Go to class, do the homework, and you will do well on the tests!
She was nice enough and the she explained everything in class pretty well, but she doesn't prepare you for the final at all, so don't be surprised if you don't get the grade you expected
Not the best prof to get, but will help you if you need it. Had a hard time with her examples, but all in all, not a bad class.
Not bad
Mrs. Athanas is a really nice person, but some times her explanations don't make sense. If I hadn't taken calculus in high school, I would have been doomed. Overall, the class is pretty easy if you pay attention and get help if needed
I wish I could agree with the other students but she acted wired to me and was kindof anoying. Also too many engineering examples in basic calculus and not the pure stuff.
He was the best math teacher I ever had. I did better in his calc 3 class than I did in calc 1 and 2 which I took with other prof's. If he offers a class....Take it!
Pretty boring, but not horrible. She's clear about what she wants. Gives study guide for the midterm and final. Also gives the essay question beforehand so you can prepare.
Very easy class to pass. The material is interesting but the professor is boring. She likes to talk about her own research a lot (Vietnamese gang members). It's very easy to sit in the back of the class, never pay attention, and still get an A!! She never pronounced anyone's name right.. Don't take her if you expect to be engaged during class time.
nice person, a little unorganized
Overall average... He used his own watch to determine if you were late, but clearly, the college clock shows otherwise. Won't listen to your explanation. The good thing about him is that he gives out bonus points. It seems he also cares about the student's future.
His instruction is strict. I saw some student felt attacked, but they didn't follow instruction in the first place. We are grown-up, following instruction is a simple thing to do in college. There were four quizzes and lots of assignments, but they were not that difficult. Actually DB assignment was helpful. CSIS student should take this course.
He is an ok teacher. You won't learn anything from this course, but you will probably get a good grade. He gives you the answer to every test. So if you want to learn something about this subject, go somewhere else
If you're not in CSIS, don't take him. If you're in CSIS and want to be IT support, I highly recommend him. Tests and exams are very practical that requires troubleshooting skills, necessary for IT. If you think you have what it takes for this career, take this course to see if it is so.
geez, we dont need to know DOS anymore. get on with Unix already. makes the test hard for fun. easy class for me cuz i knew the material before hand. but the teaching was horrible.
lots of handouts....but we have to memorize all of that???hard sometimes...but overall...it's ok!!
Very strict and one sided mind!
i kno ur reading this ray, WHY ARE YOUR TESTS NOT RELATED TO STUFF IN CLASS?
Appreciate how tough he is.......will help immensely after graduation
He's definitely nice guy, but you would never get a clear explanation from him. Most likely to perform self study. Quiz is fairly difficult comparing to what he teaches in a class.
this prof seems like a super nice guy, but not meant to be teaching. his classes are definitely not mandatory to go to, his tests are fairly easy- though the midterm was not (stupidest midterm) however I would not recommend taking him because he leaves you so unprepared for the final and does not actually TEACH you anything
Easy teacher, easy marker imposibble to fail his class
Easy but boring class to attend.....he slurrs alot in class..so it makes it difficult to understand him
I show up 50% of the time and still getting a B+, SUPER EASY if you do the assignments. WAY easier than the other CISY profs. he leaves class after an hour when his TA shows up. Ive never had to ask a question since the class is so easy. IF you want an easy A take this class you might not learn much but it is ridiculously easy.
Nice Guy, very easy marker and willing to help
he gives good grades though, but just ah.. I found his lectures a bit boring :(
The class is hard with a lot of work that you can often get really stuck on, especially later in course since its gets harder each unit [though work is graded easy]. Its best to work weeks ahead so u have time to ask questions when stumped. Still I felt like I learned a lot from the class. Final is very very easy just check your work at least once.
11 Module Assignments (1600 points), 5 Exercises (2000 points) , 4 Assignments (3600). Grade is dependent on TA. Pen and paper parts of homework not hard, but the coding parts were very difficult and vague. Very daunting class, do not take if you have heavy course load. Nice prof, but doesnt really care ab u too much. Hardly responds to emails.
His lectures cover a lot of breadth, but he tries to infuse it with a lot of depth. The result is that it's easy to feel like you're missing a lot as a student, even when putting in the effort. He seems to deliberately overwhelm students, to push them, but a little too hard. I would've preferred more depth than lots of spread out information.
He's a witty and sage-like lecturer. With that said, he can come off as intense and inflexible if you are confused. There is a good deal of work in his class, but depending on the TA the grading can be quite good. If you're reading this, it's mandatory; but I'd recommend it anyway.
Dr. Klanderman is a good teacher, he is always around to help via a visit in his office or an e-mail. He speaks very fast! I have a headache after class everyday from trying to keep up with him. Buy a good notebook, you will take lots of notes!!!! Reading isn't necessary he goes over everything. He also answers question about all homework.
He is a great professor, but goes way above everyone's heads sometimes.
Nice lady but curves anthropology a bit towards feminism
She's ok, nice lady, a bit overrated.
you HAVE to go to class as much of the material on exams are not in the text book. he is pretty interesting althought i would not recommend taking him first thing in the morning because it can be difficult to stay awake
this prof managed to piss off most of my class
somewhat difficult, but will learn a lot, try to get to know him and get him to know you
wicked hard class...learn alot and work alot. He has no personality in the classroom. Very encyclopedic. Classes are all lecture and very boring...he didn't seem too open to class discussion/students opinions
Very, very hard. Classes are pure lecture, and tests suck. Nice man, but not a very fun teaching style.
BORING
THe best thing that I have learned in this class is that I have the most remarkable ability to drown people out and not hear a word that is being said.
i do want to bump her back up a little bit after my review because I know she doesn't self rank like many of the BSU prof's but again, she is a little out of touch and unrealistic/VERYY ATTENTIVE TO DETAILS
Marcy is the kindest person you will ever meet. That being said, she is a very tough grader. She will tell you that you did an awful job on a paper, but she will have a smile on her face when she tells you and you will walk away from that conversation feeling good about the bad grade you got.
Meyer is one of the sweetest professors Ball State has to offer. She makes herself available to help her students. her criteria for projects is most of the time unclear, so make sure to ask questions. if you skip class you will not pass. Go to class and take good notes on her lectures. Exams come from discussion,reading and lecture.
Textbook is needed as his lectures can be quite broad. He also sometimes strays from the subject at hand but that's good since it's a 1 hr 20 min long class. He's very interested in what he teaches, but his tests can cover a big range. He also does not post notes on BB. Textbook is definitely needed if you want to get a good grade in this class.
I would say that it's nearly impossible to get an A in the class unless you are a thorough reader and are able to remember little details. The class is very enjoyable; Kaplan is by far one of the most enthusiastic and well spoken lecturers. He knows his material but he goes through a lot of material in class so get ready to write a whole lot.
I took this class because I aced his 220 class. WARNING- dont assume they are the same. He didnt write this textbook so you have to guess what you will be tested on and how. His lectures are too general and anecdotal while his tests are way too specific,expects you to remember ridiculous details. This class is not worth it, dont mutilate your gpa.
He's a really nice guy, but I studied like a maniac for every test, made study guides that were 10 pages long and I still managed to get in the 60s and 70s. The text book is MANDATORY. He wrote it, you NEED it! Over all, he's willing to work with you, but it's a tricky class and not a class to take if you're worried about your GPA.
good professor/good guy. class is interesting and not mandatory. tests are a little difficult/tricky...def have to read textbook to do well. overall, i'd say to take his class! you can tell that he loves teaching.
class is very interesting but the tests are impossible. the wording of questions and the details you're required to know make them difficult. he's a good teacher though, i learned a lot.
DO NOt take this class if you want an A!!! because youll never get one!!! you might learn a lot and it might be interesting but its not worth it to ruin your GPA!!!
Not a difficult teacher. must attend class and DEFINITELY READ THE TEXTBOOK!!! AND KNOW IT!!! I HAD HIM FOR psy 220 also and it wasn't bad either...YOU MUST READ THE TEXTBOOK!!!
Interesting class, interesting professor but his test are absurdly tricky. No matter how clear u are on the topics, the wording of the questions will make you lose hope.I don't recommend this professor if your looking to get a good grade because you only have tests to determine your level of understanding.DON'T DO IT!
dr. kaplan's lectures are insteresting but his tests are based on the text that he wrote!!! i have been doing all the readings and my grades arent the best.as you read the text everything seems to be pretty straight foward but once you get to the test everything changes its like u never talked ou read anything about it!! i dont recommend him
Kaplan is a decent guy, decent professor, but he expects way too much independent reading from the students. the exams ARE difficult, but its up to you to read absolutely everything from the textbook before the tests..like 12 times. if you read, you'll most likely do well if youre a decent test taker. either way, its interesting stuff, you'll learn
Lighten up! Drop the lowest grade=nothing Cus it's curved. Unless u plan to do well on the 1st,or easiest and omit the hardest exam. Plays PSYgame w. students. Deliberately gives out a self-grading guide which is 1 notch dif from the actual. Meaning u thought u were getting B- but u FEEL BETTER when u get B which is what u deserve in the 1st place.
His tests aren't actually that difficult... There are usually about 70ish multiple choice questions which come DIRECTLY from the book and his lectures, so, as long as you read and ATTEND CLASS REGULARLY you should have no problem. He's really arrogant at times, but he knows what he's talking about.
good lecturer, nice guy, but really hard tests. i studied very hard, read every chapter, made flashcards, took notes and will still only get a C or C+. fyi, the class avg. is a C, and he likes to keep it there. he drops 1 of four tests, but they are really hard tests. tricky & confusing questions left me disappointed b/c i know this material
impossible to get an A in his class. His exams are SO hard, for no reason. (not just in his 300 level classes, but the 200 level ones also). Very into himself,counts on his TAs for everything and really does not care how much effort you put in to learn the material- you'll still do terrible on his exams no matter how much you study.
i hated him!
dude's pretty cool. lectures are actually quite interesting. read the book and updates for tests and you're set. but studying for it can be a pain in the ass, cause he doesn't post any practice tests or nothing, neither do you get to keep the question papers after the tests... but other than that it's not so bad.
AMAZING PROF! makes class sooooo much fun, i actually looked forward to goin... weird rite? his tests are hard and he doesnt curve but if u put the time in u can get a good grade
HE is fun! never enjoyed a class that much. I wish his tests were easier though. The book is soooo dense.
Kaplan is funny, but his tests are extremely detailed and hard. Although you read and highlight the textbook, he asks very detailed questions that you wouldn't catch from reading.
You can go to every class, take superfluous amounts of notes, read everything you have to read, and still not do well as you expected. Great lecturer, but his tests are very difficult. I feel bad for psych majors who have to tolerate this guy.
very good lecturer horrible tests you can study for a week in advance and u still wouldn't be able to get higher than a 75. letures are interesting to know but don't help you for the test at all. very nice man but don't be fooled DON"T TAKE THIS CLASS WITH KAPLAN!
hes a pretty cool guy, interesting lecturer, but tests are mad hard and detailed. u really have to have a photographic memory when reading the text to even do good.
He makes the class alot of fun. Tests are a little hard, but study the text and you'll do fine
I have Kaplan for two classes and he does a pretty decent job of covering the material. His stories get repetitive and his lectures are straight from the book. BUT You MUST read the book to pass the class--everything he says is from the book, but he doesnt cover everything that will be on the test!!
I am looking forward for his class,he is in fact a great lecturer. However, his tests are ridiculous, and you have to be a clairevoyant to do well. I've studied like crazy, and the results were not that great.
The class isn't that bad as long as you read the textbook... and the book is interesting and common sense. If I went to class, I would've done alot better in this class.
Nice guy, makes the class fun, the tests aren't so easy though.
He's VERY VERY easy. He's a nice guy, but I didn't take the class very seriously. He encourages class participation, so everyone pipes up. It can get pretty annoying at times.
He is a hilarious teacher who makes his objectives very clear.
Eves was the easiest class ever. You do a discussion post every week and 3 dialogs and 2 big essays. He is very passionate about history and knows basically everything. less than half the class shows up. BUT there's a week left of the semester and there's 1 grade in. He hasn't graded anything, doesn't use blackboard for grades, he emails them.
I was supposed to have a hybrid class but because of covid he didn't make attendance mandatory so you don't really need to go to class. The essays are a lot of work but he gives you all the resources you need. The rest is worksheets and discussion board tests. Not to bad and he seems like a nice person.
Graded only by papers. Throughout the semester you have about 6 short essays (2 pages) and 4 long essay (4-5 pages). It's not that bad jut his lectures are looooong and boring.
His class is not that difficult but it is very boring, unless you like history. Only thing is he is a very slow grader and does not give an explanation as to why you go the grade you did.
Eves is a good professor. Class is pretty easy as well. As long as you take notes on the power points, you should be fine. He's nice, and he knows what he teaches. If you miss class though, you miss a lot of information, so it's best to go.
Great person, nice attitude. the course is just a drag. She barely talked about the Ethical concepts and expects us to write essays about them like we fully understand them. Lectures are kind of boring with dull slides. Don't expect the material to stick with you but it is not a hard class in the slightest.
I feel like this is a teacher you either love or you cannot stand based on your own personality. That being said, I did not enjoy my time in the classroom but at least my grade was well earned. She's a harsh grader that does not outline what she specifically wants so be ready to do some work and suck up in class. This coming from an A student.
A very intense class for sure. I learned a lot of cool things and am overall glad I took the class but it became a big stressor in my semester. You are constantly up close and personal with people you don't know. Grading is very strict, and it is definitely not an easy A. I had to put in the work and practice outside of class before skills tests.
Man he grades hard for a 1 credit class, but he definitely knows what he's talking about.
Really hard class. Avoid taking it with her if at all possible. Her tests (particulary her "econ in the news" essays) are ridiculous. Her "jokes" suck. BUT... She'll help you a lot in office hours, and even though it may seem worthless, GO TO CL!!!
boring and not that easy
There are questions on the tests with no relation to the class.
Really enjoyed this class.. it was huge (rm bh015) but she handled it well
easy to understand, but hard tests
Prof Rotella was ok, she wasn't very exciting though
Om is either a direct hit, or a complete miss. To learn from him you MUST read supplementary texts. He does not teach the basics, rather expects you to know them and goes from there. If you are competent, not a hard class. The man is brilliant, hilarious, and has my respect
Make sure you go to class and you have an automatic B.
People say that Dr. Pennington is a harder professor but you learn more information and get better prepared in his course. You literally can't fall behind in this class, so unless you have a crazy work ethic and dying desire to learn ochem (which I really didn't), I would not recommend taking this class. You barely have time to take exams.
Pennington is very kind and cares about his students' well being, however, he makes his exams way too hard for no reason (8 pgs frq). He tries to answer questions and help as much as he can but it's not enough. He makes you watch 30-60 min videos BEFORE each lecture. Attendance is clicker questions but you must get them right to get credit
Ochem is hard as it is. Pennington tries to help out as much as possible. He offers extra credit too. Come to class or you won't understand the material, he also has clicker questions that count as a grade (1/2 credit for answering). STUDY as much as you can, his tests are long and if you don't know what you're doing you won't finish.
He goes superrrrr fast with everything he does. His tests are quite long for a short amount of time, and you have to know how to prioritize to finish. He's super nice and will help with every and anything, but it also beyond hard compared to other professors. I followed the ratings when I signed up, but everyone has told me it's a mistake.
He is not the easiest O chem teacher from what I hear. He gives one question reading quizes every non-test class period (9 are dropped) pretty much so you won't fall behind on your reading if you don't want to lose points. Four 100 pt exams, six 25 pt quizes, 150 pt final. His notes and lectures are rushed and he talks very fast.
I had him for the lab sec. he didn't grade me. He is pretty much the Canadian version of Ku.So,at least he speaks English.Seriously,he knows way more in comparison but NOT a good teacher at all. Seems he enjoys torturing the students. Only take his class if u can ignore rude comments regarding ur very ordinary questions. Not a tolerant teacher.
He's a smart guy that knows his stuff and he knows how to explain it, but he isn't receptive to stupid questions. There's alot of material and even though he explains it well, the breakneck pace of the classes makes learning everything very difficult.
Very tough but fair
Mr. Parente is a caring and knowledgeable professor. Class is lecture-based with accompanying powerpoints which he puts online. Honestly, you would do fine just looking at the powerpoints because his lectures tend to be a little dry. Still, he's a good professor and you will get a good grade if you put in effort.
He is a fine teacher. He really cares about his students. His tests are pretty difficult, and he is not a very easy grader. He will help if you go see him and he gives extra credit, which helps a lot.
The class is fairly easy and I got a decent grade.I just feel like he has trouble getting out of that counselor persona and it doesn't work while teaching. Just didn't get along with him well; others might though, ask around if you're interested in him. He could be your favorite teacher.
had him for intro and psych of personality, kind of ruined both for me. don't think he really knwos what he's talking about, makes up bizarre examples. gradewise its easy to do okay, but so boring and annoying. i recommend taking another teacher if you can.
SO BORING... maybe he wouldn't be so bad if his classes weren't at 8am..
this guy is a joke, but make sure you don;t think that at test time. do the reading and you'll do fine.
Nice man.
sooo boring. doesnt help having the class at 8:00am
boring but fair
Useless...only take for intro.
She is a very dry and boring lecturer. Taught second half of Biol352. Posted slides have words missing so that you'll go to lecture and fill in the info. Nice lady, just not a very interesting lecturer, often had trouble with technology. Very repetitive, would not recommend her.
Taught the evolution section. Material wasn't hard to grasp but that didn't make her exam any easier (might be the wording of the Qs). Quizzes were easy, though. Seemed a little condescending when students asked questions. The book wasn't really necessary for any of the sections but especially for hers--just print the slides & takes notes on that.
Her lectures are kind of unorganized. She doesnt really emphasize the important things and you dont know what the main theme of the lecture is and what is going to be on the test. Not bad, but not great.
Smart, but completely unapproachable.
He lives up to his reputation, period. Searle is one of those professors that makes it worth being a philosophy major. His lectures are funny and entertaining. The essays are tough, but go to the GSI for guidance. I would take this professor again.
If you're hesitant on taking Searle, because you've heard that he's a bad lecturer or an egomaniac. You may be right on the ego part, but his lectures are on point and hilarious at the same time. Really enjoyed coming to class. Only three papers (3 pg. max) and one easy final. Kind of challenging, but if you do the reading -- it should be easy.
Searle has a big name but I was very disappointed about the course. Searle presents his concepts (which are his main lecture topic) quite uncritically and discusses other accounts oversimplified and unfair. Lectures often get repetitive, questions aren't really answered. Be sure to write down his opinions in your papers.
Pretty boring lectures that get repetitive quickly and often get off-topic. Searle re-iterates his own ideas a lot. Discussion depends on GSI; mine was OK. Papers are questionable in how intellectually serious they are, and grading for them is somewhat subjective.
Searle is entertaining in his own way. :) The lectures aren't very organized, but that's his style. I definitely agree with the comments below -- Take this class for Searle, and Searle only. You don't really go to his lectures to learn much about mainstream philosphy because he's usually criticizing such philosphers.
searle is a very intelligent guy, and a good lecturer. but, be aware that this class is much more about searle and his ideas than it is about anyone else's ideas. also, he's not very helpful during his office hours. he can be especially rude to his male students. take a class with him, yes, but take his ego with a grain of salt.
Facinating class, Searle's lectures are clear, concise and fun to listen to. He has a strong personality and is total narcissist so if you want help outside of class be ready to pander to his massive ego. Take Searle, add modesty and you get perfection.
Let's face it, this is tough stuff. This professor gives an eclectic class teaching that which either your familiar with or your lost. That's what you should expect at Berkeley. Wonderful experience to see this man on stage!
Though famously arrogant and obnoxious, I actually to found him to be quite nice. Great lectures
Great lecturer, but has little time/interest for students.
Dogmatic, but very well versed in his opinion. Beware lack of other viewpoints
Great lecturer, funny and interesting
I'm one of the few that actually liked this guy. I learned a lot from the readings and I did well in his class. You have to participate in class. I can't tell you how many times I didn't read the entire reading the night before but saved my grade by discussing what I did read.
Oleg Bychkov is a wonder of a man, a true example of the essence of human existence. Humored by the small things in life, his eccentricity (probably just an off-shoot of his foreign nature) fills the room with laughter, smiles, snoring...unfortunately everything but learning. He is a big child. But we love him all the same...just like a teddy bear.
class was easy but i was mad about my final grade
If you don't realize he is pushing his own views, you really just aren't very smart. The class isn't hard work no matter what side of the isle you are on, but he just about as close to a communist as you will come across at Bonas. He will grade you worse, on average, if you don't agree with him.
If you like history you're going to enjoy the class. If you don't like history get ready for the long haul. There is a lot of reading, besides from the text book. There are papers and mini assignments all the time. No pop quizzes. But I enjoyed the class very much.
He looks like Ben Stein!
aww, at the end of his jokes, you gotta respect the uuuuuummmmmmmm!!!
Tried really hard to get the students involved
He makes the class very enjoyable, very funny. Often, he isn't prepared and he makes a mistake, gets thrown off, and students end up clueless. But he's extremely fair and understanding, would take him again anyday.
He is hilarious and makes the lecture entertaining. Can be hard to follow, though
He's Hilarious
modern jewish history .... nice guy, sometimes could be hard but hes fun in class
It is a semi-hard class. If you are holding in the book then he is easier, but to be able to uncode or follow the long lecture is impossible. His lecture is half the test. He is a really nice guy and a good class if you dont care getting a B.
Professor Rose conveys materials thoroughly and oftentimes helps with your work a ton. Opposed to my likings, she has us do many group projects, has mandatory attendance, and a metric-ton of homework.
She's a nice lady and a very hard grader.
As long as u do all the homework, you will do ok in the class and pass the tests.
The class is easy whether you go to lecturs or not. It was very frustrating however with how often she would not show up to class or how late she would be. And often times you'd hear more about her personal life than about Philosophy. If you actually want to learn something I wouldn't suggest this class. But if you want an easy class then take it.
The class is easy whether you go to lecturs or not. It was very frustrating however with how often she would not show up to class or how late she would be. And often times you'd hear more about her personal life than about Philosophy. If you actually want to learn something I wouldn't suggest this class. But if you want an easy class then take it.
Class is pretty boring, but not that hard. You can't use your laptops, which sucks. As long as you take down what she writes on the board, you will have what you need to do well on the test.
Even for a philosophy teacher, Jones is pretty damn zany. When she's not trying to relate her dog eating its own leg to Descartes, she's rambling about nothingness and why the nothingness is important. Tough class. But... ask about the dog thing... actually a pretty awesome story.
The problem with this course was the way the exams were worded. Ever question seemed like a trick. I think you need to be really high to understand what she was talking about most of the time. I went to almost every class and spent the majority of the course thinking, "What she is talking about?"
This class was cool. For the most part she is interesting and a good teacher. She does go off on tangents, but it's funny. The study guides outlined what was on the test; although the reading was boring, if you pay attention and do the work its okay.
One of my favs! His class is not the easiest but this is college folks.
Great Teacher..very passionate and excited to teach you about music. If you have no interest in music you will hate it, since he focuses on having you listen to music. Tests are random, and its good to have a musical background if you want to take it. I give him two thumbs up!
I thought this class was okay in the beginning, but it got boring at the end. I found it hard to stay awake at 8am. The tests are fairly hard, but if you study a lot, you should be able to pass just fine. It definately takes outside of the class work. I would reccomend taking him.
The first week was pretty good... now I want to never go. It seems almost impossible to get an A on any exam in that class. He NEVER stops talking and what ever you do, do not take it in the morning if you are not a morning person! GAH i hate this class. DON'T DO IT TO YOURSELF!!!
Well, I`m in the 9 o clock class now. I take all of his notes down word for word, Pay attention everyday, and I got 2 D`s and an F so far on the first three tests. Explain that one to me.
talks too much! it's difficult to hear the music/videos because he doesn't stop rambling. also, it was uncomfortable how much he pushed his personal religious beliefs.
very hard tests. very useless class
Cool guy... boring class. I only went on test days. pretty easy
He is a very enthusiastic teacher who loves his job and that is very clear, but his class is boring and his tests are not very easy. He teaches stuff that he doesn't even really quiz on. Read the book!!
Dr. Slotterback is a really nice guy. He's very energetic and you can see his passion for music. The class is pretty boring for the most part, but when he plays the piano it's awesome. Read the book and listen to the music. They will help a lot!
good teacher, likes what he does, tests are kinda difficult
so easy if you show up to that class half of the time you can at least pull at B
Do you think you could challenge the choir a bit? Fun but needs to challenge
he cracks me up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nice man
EASY CLASS!!! TAKE HIM if you want to show up to get an A. His tests are relatively easy, and if you participate in class and get involved/get on his good side he will like you and help you out with points
He expected too much out of students and you were graded if you had perfect grammar for such a low level class. Other than that, the class was mostly busy work.
Kevin was tough for me to like, as far as professors go. Sometimes he was very caring and understanding, and sometimes he was tough and impersonal. He's passionate about COJO though and very knnowledgeable because he's been around for so long.
Dr. Sauter is an awesome dude. He is really engaging and obviously cares about what he teaches. He's very well-traveled, so he tells many interesting stories about other countries. Ask him about his tie collection!
Cool guy, one of the few I have
I lost all respect for him when he announced to the class that someone wrote a nasty comment about him on this site with that person sitting in the class. He then went on to state that judgmental has only one "e" and not two. If he is the great, brilliant, fair professor he claims to be, he should have not done such an unprofessional thing.
He is a very unfair grader!!! He also can be very judgemental and does not treat all students fairly!!!
He expects the world of you, extremely hard grader
Lots of discussion on politics, and not on writing. I did really well on papers, and was very surprised when I received a grade lower than I should have, so watch out. Nice lady.
Videography is not a hard class. A lot of people don't like Scully. He isn't that bad he just is a little socially awkward. There are four projects and you basically have just under a month to complete each. There is some overlap. I highly enjoyed the class but didn't learn a ton.
Took him for the summer, and was extremely nice!! He is a bit boring when he lectures, but he is really trying to teach you real lessons you will need for life. I think he is misunderstood....his tests are a bit scatter-brained, but he uses a teaching method of the students teaching each other. I recommend him only if you have patience!!
I am somewhat disappointed to hear that my fellow students got easy As despite their evident ignorance. This professor seemed to have a low tolerance for morons, and would sometimes interrupt student presentations with rants on the subject, so I thought his standards would be higher. Fun class, though, and the prof is a colorful character.
IF you want a really easy A take this class! But if you want to learn anything take another class. All you do is two presentations and two tests. It is a very easy A but the professor is really dumb. I would take this class again if I could just to bring up my GPA.
Easiest A ever. Didn't buy the book, didn't study for the tests, did all 2 assignments, took all 2 tests. Got an A. His tests are short answer, if you write anything you get 1/2 credit.
I like that he encourages his students to THINK rather than MEMORIZE. I took him for summer, and his class was a mess. Didn't get sylibus til midterm. Has poor prof skills (like record keeping), but he's an ok guy. Knowledgeable about computer industry.
Murphy is a pretty good teacher. His class is fairly easy.It is a simple structured class and students only fail if they don't pay attention or don't try.
Straightforward and doesn't curve. Tests aren't easy and he grades tough. He explains everything that is going to be on the tests so there are no surprises. You will learn a lot from him, but you will have to work hard.
The class & tests can be hard if you dont study. Just pay attention in class, and make good use of all the lab time. He seems like he's busy when you come to ask for help, but he's not. If you know what your problem is, he's there to help. Just don't expect him to fix your entire lab for you.
Pay attention or expect to get a low grade.
memorize her terms or you won't understand what she's talking about
There is no curve or weights. You have to go to class to understand the material to be able to do the homework, which imo is time consuming and difficult. She is pretty boring so paying attention is tough. Be prepared to write a 10 pg paper or do an implementation on an AI subject. Exams are based off hw and reading an excerpt of the book in class.
She is kinda boring, but if you read the book and do the labs you will be ok.
very very boring lectures. pretty much an average laidback teacher.
Good skills, but loaded myself with coffee to get through lectures!
good lectures. don't miss any class
She is an average teacher. Not good, not bad.
Pretty tough class but very helpful for growth in musicianship and maturity. I learned a lot from his class even though he is moody at times. I think he is hot also.
Good stories. Classic college band director. Can be mean (see previous).
He's a nice guy and grades really easy! Take him if you want an easy A. He's funny and cares about everyone in class. He wants to make sure you understand every thing.
I hate math, but this professor makes it really hard not to like him, because he is just so funny and nice. I really like the way he encourages his students when they get good grades and the way he acknowledges everyone in class, because most professors doesn't do that and they just teach really generically that it's boring, but he's awesome. :)
Really nice professor. I had a hard time grasping calculus, but then again, I'm really bad at math. However, you can use cheat sheets on the tests/quizzes/final exam. If I can pass the class with a C...you can probably do better.
Very nice but are to understand. Quiz and test are very hard. Homework online. Would not recommend him.
If you don't catch on to math too quickly,than this class is not for you. Professor Saweris at times can be very hard to understand. He will move from one type of equation to the next without any pauses so if you have any questions your best bet is to ask your neighbor. If you want to pass this class, get a tutor. As a professor I give him a B-.
Saweris is anciiient but he is one of the best profs...if u help him pull down the ppt screen u get some extra credit ahahaha STAR! he is funny and class is easy, take him! STAR!
An extremely intelligent man...sometimes it's kind of hard to understand him because of his accent, but he posts his lecture notes on-line, so that helps...he also posts sample quizes and exams...pay attention to his lecture notes, those examples are similar to his exam questions...make sure you have a calculator for the class, or you're screwed!!!
He posts lecture notes online, making studying easier, and provides the stat software required for the Labs. Lectures a little dry, and homework a little overkill. Final exam was freakin' ridiculously hard and long. Overall, a pretty average instructor. Look for a better one if possible...
This teacher is alright. Helps whenever possible but has an accent that is just too bad. He speaks good English but then, the accent is just too much.
To be fair, this guy isn't mean or anything and does seem to want to help his students. Just sets the bar really high. If you aren't ready to put the effort into actually earning your grade, might not be the teacher for you.
Subject matter is really difficult to grasp but I cannot stress the importance of going to class. GO TO EVERY CLASS because 1)he'll convey the material easier than the book and online notes, and 2)he gives a lot of extra credit through quizzes or at least trying in-class exercises. He's not as hard as everyone makes him out to be. Just be active.
Fair grader, very critical, wants you to talk in class, makes you think critically and give evidence for arguments. Scary because she's very knowledgeable. Hardest professor I've ever had but grateful for taking the class. I feel like i learned a lot from her; she was the first prof ive had that puts an emphasis on individual thought and analysis
Hard work is a must she'll tear you apart if your lazy or ignorant.
The best Professor I had at Fredonia. Her classes allowed the students to state their opinions instead of simply listening to a professor. I took as many classes as I could from her because I enjoyed and learned from them.
She is really intense. If you are not a history major, do not take her classes. She expects a lot and may make you feel stupid sometimes. However, I did learn a lot from her, but for an intro level course it was pretty difficult.
she sucks
Professor Danaher is a heavy talker. That is pretty much the entire class. I took the class at night from 6-9 and it was dead. Nothing but listening to him speak for 3 hours. It wasn't bad if you had other homework to do. Students would leave and nap and then return. Three tests total based on his own book and one essay. He is funny, however.
This man changed my life. If you listen to what he says, and take upper division classes, you learn so much because the people there are genuinely interested. Do the papers, and get them in on time, or you could fail. Yes, it's possible. I was a major, so I took most classes, and my husband and I still use the notes from them, 4 years later. <3
Easy class, boring lectures. He wrote the book so the lectures are like reading the book. I stopped going to class and still passed the tests.
ya this professor was nice.
Cool guy. Class can be boring but some topics are pretty cool. Test are easy if you do the reveiw questions. That orange suit is great!!!
this class was difficult for me but the curve helped...make sure u do ?s assigned
The fact that she only keeps the exams open during class time is frustrating especially considering she does not allow any remakes unless it's an emergency. I missed one and it fked my grade, and since she gives no homework it will probably continue to fk my grade. She also takes forever to email back and sometimes doesn't respond at all. Annoying.
Shes fine just hated the class it was so boring and very test heavy
test heavy, lecture heavy. if you do poorly on one exam, your whole grade is slightly doomed. don't skip class, attendance is taken and used for overall effort points. nice lady, cares about her students, material is just too much for a GE
Super kind and loving -- a mom to everyone. Very insightful thoughts shared in class (took the honors seminar for sociology/courage). She is incredibly repetitive and wastes time going over very similar concepts that are far easier to grasp than she makes it out to be. Class time could be used more efficiently. Can come off as cold/fake sometimes.
study lecture notes and READ textbook! a lot of the pointless stories she tells will be on the exam. she makes a lot of jokes, I cracked a smile a few times but I didn't think she was funny like everyone describes her. easy class if you pay attention and READ!!
Attendance is mandatory, you have to sign in. You get points though for not being absent as much. Several exams and optional final for those who have an "A". Go to her TA's study sessions for additional help if you need it before any exam. Read the textbook! She is a funny professor and I can tell she really does have a passion for teaching.
she is a good teacher; but you really have to pay attention in your classes. your grade is based on your exam scores. its up to you if you want to take her.
She is a hard teacher. Material seems simple but the test has detailed questions that you wouldn't think to be on there. She uses A LOT of statistics and they are always on the test. Going to class in mandatory. She is helpful and has office hours where you can go over your test with her. READ READ READ if you want above a D on tests.
got a D in the class. 6 multiple choices. not very easy. tricky tests. no extra credit. attendance is taken everyday. she knows everyone in the class. talks very slow.
she is very entertaining and amusing. I liked the class, but if you are not a great multiple choice tester DON'T TAKE HER CLASS. Everything is mostly multiple choice. You'll bomb. Oh and all she talks about is the parking problem over and over and over.
she repeats every sentence at least 3 times. she is a very annoying speaker to listen to. she may never say um, but she is so redundant that it is painful. if you take this class bring headphones to the class and just read the book and you will be fine.
actual class period is cake (power point presentations & listening to music), weekly email assignments, if u think ur a good writer = easy A, atleast a B+ if u try, can write ur essays on anything - doesn't ever seem excited, never engaging & very boring
Maybe the most boring teacher I've ever had. Boring power-point presentations in the dark + classical music at 9am = many sleeping students. However is a very easy grader and willing to help whenever he can
You gotta on top of the reading and make sure you email him questions if you don't understand something. Those exams were hard, but I feel like I learned stuff from it. This prof isn't for slackers. People need to get past the lectures being about him bc it's about the profession. If a bio prof shared their work in bio no one would care
There is only a midterm and a final exam. If you're taking this class as a general ed you should not take him because it will drop your gpa. I am a philosopher major and I barely passed this class with a C and I spend so much time studying for his exams. If you're planning to go to law school I recommend him, since he grades like a law prof.
Funny prof. His methods are old school. His classes are tough, but if you enjoy a challenge go for it. There is so much freedom to fall off the cliff in his class, so you have to be disciplined. I don't think the other posts are wrong, but they don't see where he's coming from in his humor or criticisms of other thinkers. GO TO OFFICE HOURS
Funny dude, make sure to attend every class because a lot of the material from the notes that are only given in class are on the tests, there are a few books that coincide with the different parts of the course, reading isn't necessary to pass but is if you want an A, maybe even a B.
Great professor as he is extremely passionate and knowledgeable about Philosohpy yet SO HARD. The grade is all based on exams and they are so so hard. So much reading is required and even if you read its so hard to understand. 100% not an easy A. Probably getting a C in the class and Im a very smart A student. Should probably avoid.
PHIL 110 with Dr. C. He allows up to 6 absences w/o losing 30 points in the class. Bear in mind, your whole grade in the class is comprised of 2 exams ONLY 50-50. So if you dont do so well in the exams and lose 30 points, youre done. The exams compose of multiple choice and essay question. We take LENGTHY notes everyday. He's hilarious though
Lectures are hilarious but could sometimes make me fall asleep. 4 exams, each 25% of grade, each 25 questions... so each question you miss is a % off your final grade. Can use book & notes of exams so take good notes!!!!!!!!
Fairly easy if you attend every class and take good notes. He has a lot of funny stories which make this long class relatively amusing. Its an easy B, but below a 74% is a fail, so slackers beware!
Totally irreverent, a little arrogant, with a big heart. First part of the semester requires past knowledge of Philosophy. Without the jargon, you'll struggle to keep up. He'll help you if you ask him. Very long class most of which he talks about himself. If you like the topic, it's a great class; otherwise, his long winded tangents are too much.
Funny guy. His antics and stories will keep you awake in class. Exam mainly covers lecture material. 3 books, and you get to use them on exams. Your grade is 4 exams, worth 25 pts each (first 3 are multiple choice; last exam is an essay exam). Pretty easy if you pay attention and take good notes, review, and read the books.
4 tests worth 25 points each for a total of 100 possible. No extra credit so you have to do good on the tests. ruined my GPA hated it. His TA's are annoying as hell
It wasn't easy and it wasn't unnecessarily hard. Just take notes and make sure to get his books and use them for tests.
Corlett knows his stuff. Unfortunately, he doesn't articulate it well to his students. This class is all about what Professor Corlett thinks about fill in the blank.
He draws you in and makes you believe you are taking an easy class by cursing and pretending he's cool. But in actuality he makes you buy HIS books and then tests you on his own biased material. I DO NOT recommend this class. Tests are confusing and meticulous. Got a C.
Corlett thanks he is such hot sh#t! class consists of 4 Tests (none curved). He puts on questions like: What Professor did I argue with in Chapter 4? He only teaches his own philosophies,& u must buy books written by him. Not much work, but tests are hard. Most difficult 100 level class ever taken!
i'm not sure what i hated more. him or my annoying as hell fellow students. that is a truly terrible class and he's an evil person. it's not right that all the books you use in that class are written by him. most of the students didn't like him, yet they still made him money by buying his books.
buy the books for e.c. which are basically 9% which boosts you 1 letter grade up. quizzes based on lecture notes. he's funny but boring at the same time. i got at A- in the class. read some of the books but wish i didn't
HORRIBLE class.He thinks he's funny but he is the most disgusting repulsive man I've ever met.He cusses ALL the time and makes crude comments about people.Made me feel uncomfortable for most of the class.4 tests based off the notes, don't buy the expensive books unless you want a few points of e.c.
Dont take this class. His lectures are long and he rambles off topic way too much. Very into himself and makes a lot of offensive refrences about people. He can be funny at times but not funny enough. 4 tests that were based off class notes. Dont buy the expensive books that he wrote you dont need e
he is extremely entertaining. dont take the class once a week. get the books and have him sign them for extra credit. no need to read the books just go to lecture.
do not buy book except if you want his bs extra credit. just need lecture notes. lectures are interesting but sometimes will go on off topic for a while.
Well, the only reason I stuck with this class was to see what this crazy guy had to say next. He cusses like a ****en sailor and can be really funny sometimes. He's a good teacher and you can learn a lot if you study what he teaches you.
This guy is freakin' funny, I go to class to see what he's going to say and how much he can cuss. If you don't like his humor then you might not enjoy the class. Also the tests seem pretty difficult, but that's why they have credit/no credit, use it!!
his essay tests are pretty hard. Its helpful if you go to the study sessions and office hours because they really help. Other then that, he makes the class interesting by saying what he beleives and it can be really exciting sometimes.
WOW talk about a stressful class. Hes funny as hell but The class's total points is only 100 pts! 25 pts per exam...the exams are ridiculous...they are written exams which have to be word for word, not an easy A at all...lots of studying, don't do it!
the hardest test ever
This class can be interesting at times, but sometimes he can get out of control. He sometimes acts like he is the smartest man alive, which is kind of annoying. As for his tests, holy crap! They are SOOO hard, definitely go to the study sessions!!!
2 very hard tests, must memorize the book, really funny guy
Lectures are very dry and he occasionally talks more about his life rather than the subject, but exams are incredibly easy and straightforward.
Lecture is boring but the three midterms are easy, questions are the same as the questions in lecture quiz. HW only count for completions. Lab is not bad.
Good professor. I did knot anything about chem, but the online book he uses is really helpful. Hw and quizzes are based on the readings which is super easy if you read them. Extra points if you submit everything on time. Really easy quizzes.
I took this class for my core requirements. I did not know anything about chem, but the online book he used was very helpful to understand the class. I just needed to read 1 chapter per week and the hw was based on the readings. The quizzes were also based on the readings. He gave the class 10 extra points if you submitted hw on time.
This man will tell you so much about his personal life and so little about chemistry. However, the class was extremely generous with grading (In person but still during covid times) and the exams were essentially homework questions. The McGrawhill Connect taught me most of the material and was very easy to understand
Dr. Goldberg is a fun and fair professor although he can come across as rude. The exam and quiz questions are from the textbook so if you do the HW and sample problems in the chapters and LGs you're guaranteed above an 80 on the exams. He pretends like he cares about attendance by passing quizzes during class but I never showed up and got an A...
He's one of my favorite professors. He comes off a little intimidating at first, but a week or two into the semester you'll figure out he just cares a lot. The lectures aren't overly helpful, but worth showing up to if you have the time. Find a couple of friends to study with. DO THE STUDY GUIDE - IT IS THE EXAM. Put in the work, it'll pay off.
Don't judge a book by its cover. Don't judge Goldberg by his first impression...or second...or third. He can be mean and insulting, screaming at students but he's a real softie at heart and it shows. Funny as hell, both his stories and him as a person.
Excellent Professor! One of my favorites. Really makes you excited about the topic in a way you wouldn't otherwise be.
I took the NAT SCI II: How the Body Works. Funny teacher. Good lectures, but he talks about a lot of things that have absolutely nothing to do with the contents of the exams. Labs are annoying, but easy.
Goldberg is the****. Those people that can't stand him can't get past the fact that he is accomplished enough to be full of himself. He's a walking brain and does often go off topic. Great man.
I LOVE GOLDBERG!!! yes he does show fondness for his female students (sometimes) and yes he does play favorites but what can i say?? just be one of his favorites! the things that he talks about in class are exciting and interesting. he'll always help you if you have questions. another good thing is that you'll do well if you study enough.
Goldberg thinks he is a very funny man, he spends a mojority of the classtime telling you "jokes" about his accomplishments. The lectures aren't boring but the whole time I sit there thinking $4000 for this! Lectures for biochem II are podcasted, I don't know about experimental bc or the map class though. Not too much studying required.
Although he is arrogant and spends most of lecture talking about his life, I learned a lot in Biochem II. He is very passionate about the subject! I found it very interesting, but a very difficult course. You will be spending a lot of time doing the study guide, but at least he has a study guide! (exams reflect study guide, not the textbook)
He's arrogant, but deserves to be. He's been around the medical world for decades, and has the knowledge to show for it. I enjoyed the class.
I guess I am retarded cause i got an A-. Explanations are long winded and lectures unfocused; this guy goes everywhere...
This guy makes this class ridiculously hard. If you plan on taking it, make sure you brush up on you advanced math. The only way to do well on his exams is to show up to lecture because some of the questions he asks in class ends up on the test. Also, make SURE you repeat the HW questions until you know them like the back of you hand.
I had no option to chose my professor for MATH 122B. I saw the reviews on here and tried to go in with an open mind. She is difficult, there is no getting around that, however you will learn the material thoroughly. She is a hard grader, but that in turn makes the common final a breeze. If you do your work, she will recognize and reward that.
Good teacher, at least she explains things clearly. She doesnt use d2l so had no idea where my grade stood. There is written homework and a webassign for each section, seems like a lot but did good job helping prepare for test. No quizzes. Math comes easy to me so I found this class easy, not sure she is best for someone who struggles with math.
This was a hybrid class so mostly online, and a lecture for taking a quiz. Exams are graded pretty tough, but if you study you're fine, I got Bs on all of them. The hardest part about this class was staying on top of the online work, really easy to miss due dates. I'll probably retake the course because of that. I thought Smith was a fine teacher.
Mind numbingly boring but she gets the material across.
She is tough and not as helpful as I would expect. If you don't understand a simple or old concept she tends to talk down to you like you are stupid. A rather large amount of HW but test come from mostly HW. Tests and grading are mostly fair.
THE GOOD: 1) She does a good job explaining material. 2) She's clear from the beginning about what is expected. THE BAD: 1) Prides herself on putting trick/very difficult questions exams 2) Poor/confusing wording of what she's asking on exams 3) She will often test on items that she barely covered in class.
She is only helpful if you ask her. The tests are really wordy and it is hard to understand what she means sometimes. She grades really rough and is picky.
Pay attention and you'll be fine. 3-4 tests make up your entire grade, so make sure you do well on each of them. He curves heavy if he feels you earned it, so step up your game for the final.
Tolliver is hilarious and very well-versed. Turns dry material into interesting lectures and can answer questions in as many ways as it takes for you to understand the answer.
I dont like his teaching style for philosophy classes because he does not encourage group discussion and lectures about complex philosophy the entire time. I did like the film aspect of the course where tuesdays we would listen to him lecture then thursdays we would watch parts of the films assigned to the philosophy readings. Not taking him again
He does not cater his class toward the people who are not understanding the content which I really like but would be rough for someone who is not able to keep up. A very interesting class, though, I learned a lot.
I have had him for a few different classes now. Sometimes his lectures are very involving, but occasionally he will get too abstract and hard to follow. His classes will not be easy, though usually he won't be on the doing the grading. Personally, I'm fond of him, his teaching style, and the classes for which I've had him. not for everyone tho.
Enthusiastic teacher who works hard, lectures sometimes drag, but good work
hard hard hard marker, but she knows her stuff
Sherry is a great teacher to have in person, online is quite a bit harder. The written section in tests must include precise writing from both the notes and textbook, however if you have exactly what's written in either you will get marked for plagiarism. Found it very difficult to do well for written question. She also isn't always accessible.
If you show up to lectures and put in the work to study for the exams you can do extremely well in this class. If you don't show up to lectures and are lazy in your exam prep it will be difficult. TA was helpful and Sherry responded to emails quickly. Paper was tricky but doable. Very clear about what is important for exams, straight from notes.
As a person she is very nice, although she is a brutal marker. Her description for her main essay was none existent, and her clarity is lacking.
Not one of my most stellar profs. She tended to play faviourites which is NOT COOL
She will try to scare you out off taking her class
Very nice guy and you will learn a lot, but he didn't give out a single A in my class, one A- and that was it. So kinda tough to get a good grade, but it's worth trying.
Fine if you're a business or economics major. Outside of major, forget it.
Taken in Spring 2023. Lectures are very boring and uninteresting. The topics he covers are pretty important for future classes but his teaching style doesn't make it easy to learn. Your TA can make or break this class. I had Tyler and he made this class so much better and more bearable. I felt like I learned more from him than the professor.
TA has strict unit tests
Make sure to show up for lectures and labs as it makes up a good amount of your final grade. Make sure to also complete the weekly assignments as they make up the majority of your grade. If you pay attention in lecture and understand the material, you will be fine on the tests.
Edo knows his stuff cold. His lectures are a little dry but he is very smart. If you ever have a question, make sure to ask because you can fall behind quickly if you are lost. Book was not used. Attendance is not mandatory but good luck passing without going to class.
If you got through 111 than 211 shouldn't be too hard for you. Edo is an excellent teacher and knows his stuff. He could do a better job with clarifying questions on tests and HW, but other than that great teacher.
In my opinions, he gives a lot of work. It might benefit you, or it might not. Watch out for Underscore, where you pass functions as arguments in JavaScript.
Ravi is a good guy. He's even a terrific lecturer. Where he is horrible is in the way he conducts his class and grading. He explains things very well but because of this, he spends too much time on too few things and doesn't get around to a significant part of the material. Worse, there's no textbook or suggested reading, so get tons of help.
He is a great teacher but he also works full time so he doesn't always have the most time to teach.
Good luck studying for tests, just pay good attention from day one.
Explains things well, and is helpful, just very unorganized. Does not make lecture slides and details for assignments/other course details are sparse. Decent class but expect to figure things out on your own.
Suthers was a great professor, he's very passionate about HCI. Gives a lot of options for earning extra points which makes the class a lot easier. Quizzes are tough and cover a lot of material. Class activities were fun and engaging (for the most part). I would recommend him for 464!
Amazing professor. I really learned a lot from him. His podcasts saved my life. If you don't do the readings, at least watch his podcasts and read his web notes. The readings always confused me, but once I watched his podcasts, it would make so much more sense. This class is hard and it's a lot of information, but he made it manageable.
Funny guy thoroughly enjoyed his teaching style. Projects are super hard though but I would say everything else is manageable although you need to put in a lot of time into this class.
lots of work, busy professor, helpful but not in real time
Professor Lew is a ... well he knows what he's doing, etc. His teaching method however is a bit old school - writing abbreviated code on board and his voice can put anyone to sleep. It's difficult to keep up with his lectures because he scrawls fast but he'll ask if anything needs to be explained. he is also concerned for his students.
Honestly, decent man but doesn't know how to teach. Constantly references Pat Lense who created the subject, doesn't teach the subject himself just makes you watch videos made by Lense. If you need HTML/JavaScript find Lense or someone else.
Dr. Coil is always honest about his HTML/JS class being based on another professor: Dr. Pat Lentz; however, I found him to be incredibly helpful with any H/C/JS ?'s. Because of semester conversions he has had to re-engineer the expectations for the coursework itself, and has done well. He is a little too sympathetic with underperformers.
I actually had no issue with Bob. I am surprised that he got so many bad reviews. I think its because the class is required by a wide range students, and programming can be kind of difficult starting out. The book for this course is excellent in my opinion, and you can usually find a solution from an example.
If you have never used a computer before he is for you. He is the worst teacher I have ever had and I pray to god for the power to make it through his 2.5 hour class twice a week. Do not take him!
umm...very helpful out of class, confusing in class...DO THE PRACTICE PROBLEMS and you'll be fine, know the concepts for mult. choice...dull class but you can see how it realates to how businesses truly operate
This class is easy if you do your homework. If you need help just ask. She sometimes is very forgetful and comes across as she doesn't know what she is doing.
He definitely cares about everyone's learning and is very passionate about the subjects he teaches. He is disorganized though, and while he may take months to grade papers and usually walks in 5 minutes late because he couldn't find a spot to park, it?s fun listening to him launch into triads in which he compares car insurance to the Greek gods.
JPC is pretty much the best thing about SMC. He's really fun, definitely intelligent, but a little clueless on teaching methods. If you honestly don't take a class with this man before you graduate, you're missing out. If you don't find him hilarious, then you don't know how to have a good time. He's an easy grader, you'll at least learn something.
This man is nuttier than a Xmas fruitcake. He is a lot of fun in class. I took Epic/Heroic after my FYS in Myth because I got an easy A, and enjoyed the subject. Unfortunately, his grading is very inconsistant and he has a tendency to make them up. I came out of the final expecting an A and ended up with a B+ for the semester. That's Conley for you
Teacher is definetly on Crack, favorite moments in class was when he would say, 'Ahtemis'.
comes across as genuine but very into himself and thinks he's a genius. he had us over to his house for dinner a few times, but i think he saw it as a public service and did it because it made himself feel better about being rude and arogant. didn't learn very much, and read depressing texts. if you're oblivious to hypocrisy, he's wonderful.
bizarre man, but get to know him and don't do anything to ****him off. he is suspicious of plagarism no matter what and can be very rude.
He tries hard, but he thinks he is the smartest man alive, even though have the stuff he says is total B.S.
Mitchell is a really nice person and engaging during lectures, but it was hard to follow the content without a textbook. This made it pretty hard to study for her exams. She also had open-ended lab questions that were hard to earn full credit on. There were quite a few extra credit opportunities and a three assignment drop policy, though.
Very very nice! She loves what she does and is willing to help. However, she is too difficult for a 100 level. Class its self is interesting but when it comes to the tests they are way too in depth. There are four tests plus a cumulative final in one semester.
I agree that this class is incredibly too difficult for a 100 level course. I feel as if I study more for this course than any other I am taking--and this is required for LSP.
He is a very nice guy. You can tell that he cares a lot about the topics he teaches. The class is graded by reading journals, class participation, and 2 essays. It could be a pretty easy A, but you have to read around 60-100 pages for each class meeting. I just didnt have time to do that with my other courses, so I got a B. Pretty average class.
Mielke's criteria for grading is a little hard to figure out and he can be a little obnoxious but other than that I had a really good time in his class.
His class was extremely boring. I, like many students, sat on my laptop the entire time. The entire course was student-led class discussions, and they were rarely interesting. Mielke was very helpful, though, and even edited my paper for me before it was due. It was also very easy to get an A.
Science fiction was a great class. Though it was a lot of reading, it was enjoyable for the most part. A lot of the grade consists of reading journals, though half of it comes from papers. Overall, it's not too difficult. It does require a substantial time commitment, though.
He is brilliant, but often times a little too brilliant. LOVE him!
The reading loads are indeed huge, so be warned. His knowledge is nigh-on encyclopedic, but his "Did You Know?" asides tend to make class more drawn-out and less focused, and he tends to dominate class discussion (which takes up most class periods). When writing, focus on grammar, logic, and paper length; if those are solid, you'll do fine.
I had a ton of reading for this class but it got easier as the semester went on. Otherwise very light homework (big class). I found Dr. Mielke enjoyable and interesting. Didn't notice him playing favorites, but I'm sure he did probably favor stuents who contributed to class/did well on homework.
Dr. Shapiro is very touch, but very interesting. She does not give out A's lightly, but once you're done you know the material.
Dr. Shapiro is tough, but fair. She's there to challenge you from start to finish.
I wish she would slow down the pace a bit. She doesn't seem to appreciate how difficult her subject matter is for people just being exposed to it. She has tutors almost every day of the week, which is nice, but not if she's using it as an excuse to brush off how much her students are struggling. Nice woman, but I spend more time on this class th
Shapiro's class was pretty difficult but she is very enthustic about the material which makes the class more interesting. There is a lot of information!!! She made me appreicate language and really drew my attention. If you are willing to work hard and actually want to learn, I really suggest you to take her class!
Hardly spoke in french, had to print all the handouts
The dude is rough but if you ask for help he will save your life. I came close to failing but he really took an interest and I got a B. So if you really invest yourself it will payoff. Still a hard class though but he can make it work. Never cracked the textbook but the workbook is critical, but he never looks closely at it.
I understand why some people have trouble understanding him, but it took just time for me and I was fine. Very easygoing sometimes to a fault in assigning worksheets too close to tests. Focuses mainly on grammar and composition, did almost no speaking at all, which was a bummer but was okay. In class movies were fun, he's a nice guy overall.
Camara can be a little hard to understand at times, but if you ask for help he is more than willing. As long as you try your best he is very understanding and will help you.
Camara doesn't go the extra mile. He's willing to teach students, and if you're willing to learn he can be really helpful, but most days he just lectures and leaves. You need to ask questions or go to his office hours if you want to learn a lot. Easy A class - research is his passion, not teaching.
I really liked Camara. He is my favorite French professor at Truman. He was intimidating at first, but if you actually try to talk to him he is very nice. I think outside of teaching is very interesting. I had to go to his office hours a lot, and he was helpful. I took this class two years ago and he still says hi to me every time he sees me.
camara's tests are cake. his mannerisms in class while we were reading dialogs were hilarious. he's a so-so teacher.
I think Professor Benevento really is a good guy and cares about what he's talking about. Read your books, talk in class and write a few decent papers and there's no reason you shouldn't get an A. He can be rather intense during discussion in class, but it's worth 60% of your grade. Don't be upset if he challenges your opinion during discussion.
Definitely be prepared to work hard on your poetry. Benevento pushes his students to do the best, and he expects participation. However, he is a very easy grader and always available to talk to students. Can't read his handwriting, though, which is annoying.
Show up for class, doesnt like students missing, participation a must!
Overall a good professor, but difficult to work with at times. She likes you to do everything her way, no exception. If you change up your study habits to match her requests, you'll probably get an A (but not because they're necessarily better). She does have clear expectations, and assignments aren't very long.
Thomas's class was challenging at points, but overall very manageable. Though she doesn't always collect homework, you need to do it to stay up to speed. Her lectures were sometimes vague, but the book helped. Sometimes she would blow you off if you asked a question in class, but she helps when meeting one on one. Would take her again if needed.
She is fair in her grading, but not really stellar in her teaching. Personality kind of stinks. Sometimes makes rude/unprofessional comments to her students in class. But her tests aren't difficult if you prepare and do the homework.
Greek and Roman Myth, she knows her stuff and expects you to also
She is a nice lady and very understanding if you just talk to her. She really likes people who participate, but she does not require it. The only issue is how chaotic/unorganized class is. The instructions are rarely clear, but if you just ask questions you can make sense of it. It is overall an easy class though. Weekly discussions and 5 essays.
Dr. Ahmad cares about her students, but she's doesn't answer questions, is massively disorganized, and agonizingly lectures students over things that she doesn't like. I loved her JINS class and had an amazing experience with her, but sometimes the class could be torturous. For me this class was an easy A, but grading seemed based around her mood.
She's incredibly smart. In class, we have deep, intelligent discussions. This class is really challenging, but I know it's improving my mind. I would take it again.
She doesn't lecture so much as read articles out loud. When you're writing papers, she's not clear on what she wants, and she demands meetings every other week, especially if you're presenting at a conference. She wants you to do well and doesn't like to give bad grades, but she tends to induce rage in her students. Very scatterbrained.
Once you get used to the accent she makes total sense. Knows incredible amount about the subject. Expects a lot from upper level students, but if you do it you do well. She is a very cool person: Go to her office hours! As well, go to class, turn things in, and ask her for help. Sounds basic, but she really will work with you if you do this.
She is the sweetest lady but very unclear. She has a way of talking and saying nearly nothing. She will help you with any work for the class, just be sure to stay on her good side with attendance, participation, and going to office hours. I got an A but I don't feel like I learned much.
Not too bad take your paper in for help and she is pretty good at helping but be prepared to hear her life story. I worked fairly hard in the class but got an A.
She is extremely genuine and caring, but sometimes convoluted in thought and action. Has trouble articulating what exactly, she is thinking, trying to say, or wants from her students. Most importantly, however, is her attitude, which would never allow for disingenuousness on her part.
She really is a nice lady, but very aggrivating. She doesn't get her point across, and never clarifies things. Yet, you can usually turn things in late, or get her to fold to your ideas. She's ok.
Betty expects a lot from her students. The amount of tedious homework, reading, and composition assignments is ridiculous, but the exposure to the language is what matters. If you are not prepared for class, it will be obvious. Overall she's a very knowledgeable professor. No patience for people who don't put forth the effort.
GIves lots of assignments, but she makes sure everyone understands the subject before moving on. Tough grader, but when it comes down to it she's on your side.
Her grading criteria isn't clear. She's really nice but scatterbrained. The class revolves around her speaking and writing in french all class... and you absolutely must write everything down because anything could be on the test. Her tests are super long. The class isn't hard, it's just frustrating. Also be prepared to be called on at random.
The tests aren't the easiest but if you put in the time you won't do too badly. She will understand if you speak English to her. She actually is a good professor if you work in the class and dont piss her off.
She'll definitely teach you french.attendance is important, but for some reason i found it impossible to stay awake in class.you use your textbook all the time and she assigns too much hw but all she does when you don't do it is complain. she is a difficult grader on your writings, but she's a good teacher &willing to work with you in office hours.
If you do your homework, it should be an easy A. Tests are relatively painless.
She's definitely unique, partial to left wing politics, and makes funny noises when she writes on the board. She's also compassionate and socially conscious. If you know a little, try hard and stay (or feign being) interested, you will probably get an A
He is very enthusiastic about the class. There are 3 projects (all on the same topic and he is willing to help) and 2 tests. Not too terrible just kind of boring. He takes attendance and takes that into account at the end.
For it being a 100 level class, he made it more difficult than it should have been. If you have a deep interest in geography, he would be a good professor, otherwise try to avoid.
Wolfgang is really awkward, but he's not as bad as people say he is. He's VERY opinionated but he's actually really helpful and very knowledgeable about a lot of topics.
I do not feel that Wolfgang is as unfair as others make him sound. Sometimes the class was boring, but he was very knowledgeable. This class requires that you take the time to learn a little outside of class, but the workload is definitely reasonable. If you do the work, you should be OK.
knows what hes talking about, nice...all around great!
She is a left over hippie but very sweet. absentminded but she does value opposite opinions. She disagreed all over my papers but gave me an A because i made good arguments. Very intelligent about her subject and worth the eccentricity.
JINS Portrayals of Women: This class was so dull. Theres a lot of writing required (like all other JINS) but the material is just so..blah. This professor is sweet- so the class wasn't as demanding as it could have been.
She's kooky, but she's a very lenient grader. Don't listen to other reviewers with regard to her - there are FAR stranger profs out there than her. Overall, though, it was a 300-level class with merciful grading, a moderate workload, a fascinating subject, and an enthusiastic teacher - in my mind, pretty good all around.
very strange; didn't get a lot from the class
Wright is one of the best professors I've had at RPI so far. He goes beyond teaching management by providing insightful life lessons. If you're not interested in a business degree, then another teacher is better. It's a hard class but if you put in the effort and communicate with him, you'll get an A. If you get an A+ he gives you a letter of rec.
Everyone says he's hard, and the reality is, he is. But if you put the effort in, go to class, take everything seriously, do your work, and don't slack, the rewards are well worth the effort. He doesn't help individually much and he mostly leaves you to figure out stuff yourself, but that's just his way of getting you to do stuff yourself. Great.
Everyone says he's wonderful, but class isn't that interesting, I don't think. Just rambles on about non-important things in the front of the class sitting in his little chair.
Only professor I've kept in touch with after graduating from Penn State. He's the best. I hated him at first and wanted to drop the class, but I stuck with it and now wish I could have another class with him. He's one of a kind.
MAN O MAN ,,, DON;T TAKE THIS COURSE UNLESS U R WILLING TO READ 24/7 ....PROF IS GOOD BUT EXAMS ARE KILLERS....HE GIVES NO HINT ABOUT EXAM WHT SO EVER.
Decent prof
Very bright guy, grades pretty rough yet he admits as much as a preface before going over his syllabus. I found him to be more accessible than many other teachers and will set aside time to meet with you upon appointment.
He is very knowledgeable of his subject, but he grades very harshly. He treats the supposed "rough drafts" as final papers. Maybe this just isn't my form of writing, but it was hard to strive for such perfection when they weren't supposed to be our final drafts. Boo.
Too full of himself. Did not know what he wanted. His grading was mysterious.
Phil is a really good teacher!He makes the Poetry class very interesting. He's really funny and he keeps you on your toes.
A really hard class. In order to pass you have to remember his views and meanings about the liturature cuz yours are wrong
I think Prof Arrington sometimes gets a bad rap. He's definitely not an "easy" teacher, but he goes through your papers w/ so much detail he obviously cares about your writing and as a writer that's what you want. Many opportunities were given to re-sumbit/improve work. I came out of this class a better-more concise-writer and that's what counts.
ok
Interesting SW perspectives, likes to lecture and hold center stage. Ignored some students. Neutral about ideas presented, which makes people feel safe about their ideas. Likes feedback re course and puts it into practise. Very enthusiastic about SW.
Dr. Fryling is a wonderful prof. It is a tough class, but if you love Chemistry, are good at math and willing to work hard, you will succeed for sure. He is very knowledgeable and speaks freely about his faith--he even tells students ways to refute evolutionary ideas. He makes lots of jokes and playfully picks on people. Labs are lots of fun too!
tough!!
He was an ok teacher. I have had better and I have had worse. He is somewhere in the middle. I don't really like his class... too boring. I only take notes to keep myself awake.
Very nice man. Won't help much if your grades aren't good enough. Very interstin class.
Very nice person,b ut I reccommend you be wide awake if you plan on taking his class.
I liked this professor and found him interesting. (Not a humor challenged pencil-neck geek.) Hoever, I also wish more of the things on the tests were covered in class.
I sometimes think he uses the class as a rant session about the world, but otherwise he's an okay professor. Very liberal and wears the same outfit everyday: turtle-neck, jacket, and jeans. At least that was amusing!
One of the most boring people in the world. I don't know how I passed this class, because I slept in there every day. I think he messed up when filling out grades.
Understanding; not afraid to tell you what he thinks; not good notes
Tests suck, class is slow and slower
Class meetings are pointless
He's a nice guy, lots of energy. Class was fun because he always phrased things in strange ways. I could see how students become friends with him, but I found him really stressful because he always made the questions you asked sound stupid. He's very stubborn but interesting. Take the class, just make sure you don't disagree too much. : )
I was really interested taking this class but was really disappointed by his narrow view. I shared his view point on most things but that doesn't really push anybody to learn. If you do raise an opposing view point , don't expect it to get much consideration. I know plenty of students who became good friends with BP but I didn't find him friendly
He really does insult your intelligence a little bit. You can't really have your own viewpoint. The class teaches you about extremely important issues that everyone should know about, but I quickly got tired of his preaching and ego and of Bruce Cockburn songs that don't relate to anything. I still would recommend the class, however. An easy A?
I felt almost insulted by the unchallenging nature of the class because he didn't really expect anything out of us as students at all. I think I read 2-3 of the 17 readings all semester and left with a great grade in the class. He's a great guy but stay away if you want to do some thinking.
COuldn't stand him...make sure you don't have a difference of opinion if you want to be on his good side because he just won't listen
Not a good prof at all, obviously those who have rated her, have yet to step into the classroom. She has been so removed from the classsroom.
What is she talking about? I don't know half of the time. She is boring and confusing to understand at times, jumps around alot. Won't take her again.
BORING! Very easy class, somewhat kindergartenish in mannerisms. She does care about her students though.
Although smart, he's too pompous!
Nanette is an amazing woman and great teacher. However, she has her shortcomings, as all teachers do. I feel as if I learn little-to-nothing from this class. It did not make me DIVE into teaching, more like get my feet wet (if that). There is little concrete information discussed in classassignments; more like a get-what-you-can type of info.
She is nice and cares about most of her students, but she is an extreme feminist which I find incredibly annoying (and this is a female writing this, by the way) Maybe she's better for Education courses, but I could not stand her for GE 101
Hmmm. There really aren't any words. He is a rambler and expects you to have the same viewpoints, but also appreciates them being challenged by intellectual students.
Funny guy
Such a cute enthusiastic professor. The class is easy as long as you put forth a little effort and participate when he asks you to. It's the kind of class you can do very little work outside of it and still perform well in the classroom.
I have a learning disability and he really helped me work through it. He may not have been challenging for many but I was challenged. I probably should have more of a basic knowledge of German by now and would consider the class fairly easy.
Professor Durham is very familiar in the classroom and a lot of students see him as a father figure. I felt welcome in his class, even though it is a challenging class. Thank you Doc!
If you want a decent grade, go along with his liberal misguidings...if you utter anything remotely conservative, your grade will most likely suffer. He's a nice guy that simply can't put his politics away during class.
i think that he is one of the best teachers that i have had. although he is liberal, he made me see where the liberal people come from. he does treat some people better than others but he is funny and really knows EVERYTHING there is to know about politic
He's a cool guy.....his course was...stimulating
He is sometimes in a nother self absorbed world, but he knows what he is talking about and you can learn a lot if you pay attention.
Doug has a tendancy to ramble on to the point of making you cut yourself with your exacto blade and can be an absolute jerk. On the positive side he does not fool around-he will tell you exactly what to do and how well you're doing. I appriciated his projects that worked well for a portfolio and looked good for portfolios.
He rambles a lot during his lectures and it seems almost improvised. I lose his train of thought many times and I have to rely on the section meetings for everything to clarify.
He's a good guy and knows his stuff but all around a horrible teacher. Is really awkward in class and is nearly impossible to pay attention to or follow, and makes simple concepts seem impossible. SLA is a life- saver, especially later in the semester when the material makes little to no sense and Klope is about 10 years ahead of schedule.
Expects cns student to be EEET experts, but all EEET profs are like that. Class was easy, but I didn't learn much. He missed lots of class and everyone was struggling. He tries really hard to help/explain but it unles you remember all you electronics you won't understand. Nice guy
Very nice lady. Treats people with respect and is fair. She treats students as equals and does not see herself as above everyone.
She is a very tough grader. The class was far from what I thought it would be. I've never not liked an English class until World Lit with her. Don't recommend her, especially for freshmen.
Alright if you like feminist theory, otherwise might pose a problem. Knowledgeable professor with deep interest in subject.
Literally just showed up for the unit reviews and tests and made a B+. Grade is composed of three exams adding up to 100 points (two 35 question exams and one 30 questions one. Just know the material well before hand and you'll be fine.
Awesome and HILARIOUS person. His test can be quiet annoying, he says that "they aren't specific" when they are in fact very specific and ask for great detail on the test. His lectures are "shoot yourself in the foot" boring. Print out the list for each exam, read his lecture notes, create definitions and pray you don't run into difficult question
Enelow asks obscure and specific questions. My advice is go to class. Print out the study guide before class starts and whenever he mentions a term from the study guide WRITE DOWN EVERYTHING ABOUT IT because he'll for sure ask you a specific question on it. Go to the review session too (he goes over the entire study guide as a summary).
Let's put it this way, I didn't go to class except for his reviews and made an A in the class. Also the average grade in the class was an A... If that doesn't tell you anything I don't know what will.
Easy class to get the gov credit done with. Your grade is just comprised of three exams, the first two having 35 questions and the last having 30 questions. You only need 87/100 points total to get an A. I didn't even go to class the last third of the semester and still managed an A by reading through the google doc and going to the review.
Super easy. If you do the readings you should do fine even without attending class. He gives you a study guide for the exams and the class is curved
Decision Theory. Really hard class. Applied mathematics. Fun if you have the time and interest to solve puzzles. Enelow during class tends to be rather mechanical and can be confrontational. In office hours, personable and possibly one of the most patient teachers I've ever had. He's expects you to actually try. If you, you'll make at least a B.
your final grade is the amount of points you score out of all three tests, which are 35, 35, & 30 pts. all together. so if you bomb one you're screwed. he's kind of boring but, he's occasionally funny and it's not that difficult of material.
This guy is about as exciting as a piece of gray cardboard. But I'll be godddamned if he doesn't know everything there is to know about Texas history.
Took this class because of good recommendations when the class was online. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS, if you are not willing to read everything he assigns (which is a hefty amount). Be prepared for your notes to be 50+ pages, and having to cram for exams which weigh heavily on your final grade. I am not one to procrastinate, yet this class was HARD.
the most helpful resource to pass this class was my TA Nirma, her discussion sections were amazing and she did such a good job at explaining the readings. though i felt confused during lecture, i knew once i attended the discussion section with her, nirma would explain things and answer any questions we had.
The grade was based on a midterm and a final. His class was easy, and he's a real nice guy, but if you aren't into science you will have a hard time in his class. I went to lecture maybe 75% of the time, but most people didn't come at all. Alicia, my TA, was clearly not into the science aspect. Easy class, kinda boring. More history than modern.
Study for the exams! Then look over the textbook. The class content was good to know but I felt like the exams were more hard than they should be. People think he is funny but he is alright. The class was very typical "I need to take this for my science ugh". But an exam, HW grade, some quizzes get dropped so that was nice.
I took Bull's class this semester, and I don't regret it. He's nice and cracks jokes during class, and showing up isn't really mandatory, making this class an easy A. If you're looking for a real biology class, this ain't it, bc I learned more about forensics than anything else. I ended up not having to take the last test because I already had an A
This is the perfect bio class for non-science people. It was more about the scientific method/how science functions in real life (in forensics, criminal trials, etc) than scientific facts. As someone with 0 interest in biology, I enjoyed it and got a B with a reasonable amount of effort. He also drops your worst test & quiz.
Dr. Bull was very interesting, but his tests were very difficult. Very confusing tests, you can know the material very well and still not do well on the exams because of the wording he uses. Lecture was unique though, never been in a class quite like it. Class requires little work.
Funny guy, knows his stuff, but his tests are VERY hard. Extremely precise questions - if you don't read them carefully, you'll most likely get it wrong. Other than the tests, the class is good. Interesting material and homeworks are easy.
301D is NOT about biology! It is a course on the scientific method and how to apply it to real life. Dr. Bull lectures on various topics (forensics, drugs, etc.) and teaches a way of thinking. If you need a course with minimal work or effort (minus studying for the exams - just study the online exams from past years), then take this course.
Chem lab was easy but he was a mess, always forgetting things and waiting weeks to grade anything.
Dr. Stapleton is a very picky person. He took points off of my lab because the answer was not double underlined. He is okay and teaches well, but I wouldn't take him if you don't have to. I felt that he was hard and stingy about grading. Read up on the lab before class and you will be safe. Otherwise, he is nice and available outside of class.
I had him for lab and thought it was very easy, but his lecture was the exact opposite. He is a nice guy, but his tests are very difficult. I felt as though a lot of the material on the tests we never discussed and wasn't even in the book. You do need to read the chapters but he won't assign it. A lot of kids from our class withdrew.
great guy, tough and sometimes hard to understand but you learn tons if you work
Dr. B is a pretty cool guy, but I'm not sure that he's a great professor. He's knowledgeable and passionate about the environment, but he's unorganized. He barely knows how to use D2L. I'm writing this on the last day of finals week and there STILL isn't a syllabus for the class in D2L. We weren't given a paper one either. It's very frustrating.
You can tell that Dr. B is a good person and has good intentions, however he doesn't require you to go to class. Which isn't fair for the students who do go, because you can get the same grade as someone who skips.
I added this class later in the semester and he still made me take the quizzes I was not here to learn the material on, prior to signing up for the course. He's very degrading to students. Hard assessments but passionate about geology. Goes on tangents. Nice during office hours but scary in person. This class still haunts my dreams 2.5 years later.
He has a hard time staying on one topic during lectures making his lectures hard to follow. He will call you out if you are doing anything disrespectful (talking during the lecture, packing up early, being on cellphone etc). However, my life has total changed after taking his class and I strongly recommend taking it.
Cool dude. Personally unless your as amped about geology as he is your probably not gonna have a fun time. He's a good teacher but he does go off on tangents now and again. Honestly the course is harder than a regular 100 level should be in my opinion but if you follow directions and do what he suggests you will pass it's just not an easy A.
Lots of people hate Burkhart, and although he's intense, you'll learn a lot and the class isn't hard to pass if you just go to class, take notes, and do what he tells you to do. Don't take this class if you are expecting him to go easy on you, or if you aren't willing to put in the work. You don't use the textbook except for the Maple Syrup.
An excellent, knowledgeable professor. Expects college students to act like adults. Doesn't like when students don't study, are disrespectful, or don't follow instructions, which is understandable. Questions on tests can be very difficult. He goes the extra mile to make you work for a good grade. Very passionate about Science; I learned a lot.
Dr. Burkhart is a great professor and knows what he's talking about but you MUST attend class to achieve a high grade. Pop Quizzes once a week and you need to buy the book for the worksheets. Preferably a new book so they pages aren't ripped out. He's a great professor you just have to attend class to get a good grade. Attendance isn't mandatory
Burkhart is incredibly passionate about his subject and about education in general. His class and lab are not difficult, but you must show up, take notes and pay attention to get a high grade. He's intimidating at first, but he seemed like a great guy once you get settled in class.
He is awesome!! I have no interest in science what so ever and i absolutely loved this class. If someone did not do good they are lazy. He tells stories which actually teach you the information. I would recommend him 100 percent!
Easy A if you go to class, take notes, and read over them before the test. All there is to it. But this guy sucks. Spends half of lecture time telling you how dumb you are (meanwhile he doesn't know the difference between lose and loose).
If you don't have the maple syrup, you'll fail. Also, don't sit too far back during the first class or you will be sprayed with the nectar of Hoss. Confused? You'll learn in good time, don't worry.
Worst professor I've ever had. I studied, read my books, took notes, and didn't miss a class and I still got a D. Ive never had a D in my life. He gives his opinions too much and teaches us different stuff than whats on his tests and quizzes. DONT TAKE THIS CLASS!
I really enjoyed his class! I learned alot from him. You have to attend class, take notes and study HARD, but if you do all those things you are more than likely to get a good grade in the class. He does yell alot but he wants to get his point across. If you really pay attention you will do fine. It is not a sluff off class. Make an effort!
Not bad in general. Yells a lot and get fired up over things. You'll learn a lot about the environment. One of the few teachers that test my knowledge at SRU. Tends to talk about politics a lot instead of doing lecture. Book can't be sold back anywhere.
This is a very good teacher and does not take nonsense from NOBODY! he really loves the environment and he will try to make you love it too(happy shiny ppl holding hands!!lol)!! The class is really challenging but its nice! and DO NOT MISS CLASS BECAUSE YOU WILL PAY FOR IT IN THE QUIZ AND EXAMS!!
.
Challenging course. I heard the other Geology teacher is a breeze, Burkhart is scary. If you are intelligent and care about the Earth you can do well. You have to read a 300 pg book, but it is broken up thru-out the semester. Tests are cumulative and you must study big time. He is nuts, screams and yells every day, a freak, but likable at times.
Scary at first, but once the ppl who can't handle him drop (ie: ppl who text/talk during class, etc), he lightens up a lot. He challenges you to do your best. PS, you are basically guaranteed an A if you go to supplemental instruction.
Tests are very hard. Test material comes from lectures and movies. Reading the book wont help much. His class is very interesting but tells to many storys instead of teaching. He screams alot for no reason, gets old really quick.
"DON'T LIVE ON THE FLOOD PLAN!" "THE POPULATION IS GROWING EXPONENTIALLY!!!" i remember screaming burkhart quote while studying for tests. the crazy hippy is the reason i went into environmental studies
Kind of intimidating, but seems like a nice guy. Make sure you go to class and take detailed notes on the movies. You have to read 100 page stories that are horribly boring and then have a 10 point quiz on them. The bad part is, the questions he asks on the quiz are incredibly detailed.
Very Interested!
Challenging, but very entertaining!
Most of her class is just power points and her lecturing. She gives online homework assignments and quizzes but they aren't that hard because you can use any sources to help. She then gives big tests but you take it as an individual and then as a group and you can use notes and books so you get two grades. The individual one is 75% and the other 25
Pretty easy class for the most part.
Not a bad teacher, but the class is insanely boring if you don't care about rocks, because she assumes everyone cares about them as much as she does. Lots of online quizzes. Would recommend, but prepare to doze off every class.
Her voice will put you to sleep, she's boring and kinda weird... but her tests were open book and there was not much work at all! if you need to take phys. geology than she isnt a bad prof to take...
Nice person, but sometimes can drag things out. Tests are hard, but quizes are easy. Will give you points back when plausible. Friendly.
Not the most exciting person in the world, but he does care about teaching. Heavy on the work load, but if you do it, you'll learn a lot.
He is brilliant and cares deeply about his students. If you take the time to talk to him one on one you can learn a lot. His passion is not teaching, but he's funny, and he offers caffeinated breath mints every day of class.
At first I did not understand anything she was trying to teach us, but as the semester went on it got a lot better. She overall was a good teacher..confusing at times, but pretty good.
I had him for Organized Crime. Really intelligent guy; kinda like the grandpa you always wanted but never got with a degree in criminology to boot. Lots of reading, lots of discussion, and a lot of really vague tests and assignments. But overall, if you do the work and know the readings at least in a holistic way, you'll be fine.
Prof Smale, while very interested in her subject, is very very boring. Her TA and GA are great though and the review sessions are helpful. But that being said she will talk about things that I was very interested in, like Schizophrenia, and it would be like an 80 minute lecture on methods of paint drying.
He's snarky and he will mock you, but he knows his stuff and he will do his best to make sure you know it, too. I can't remember the course number, but I had him for phonetics.
Dr. Schell is insanely nice but I would steer clear of this class. Thought this was going to be a reasonable psych elective but exams make up 90% of your grade and ask random trick questions from the books and assigned reading. It's pretty impossible to do well on them even if you prepare. Also lectures are pretty dry -- he just reads off his slide
Took his class for Gen Psych and didn't think this class was going to be that bad. He is a really nice old man but his three exams make up a huge proportion of the grade, and the exams test on random information from the book. Don't take if you aren't ready either memorize the book or get a bad grade
A really sweet old man, but deceptively nice - the exams are insanely difficult and he tests on random chapters from the books that are impossible to predict. Studying only gets you so far for the exams. He's nice, but avoid if you don't want your grade to come down to 3 unnecessarily difficult exams.
Schell is nice and has a good sense of humor, but that did not make the heavy, detailed reading and specific multiple choice test questions worth it. The practice tests were helpful for tests, but it became frustrating studying for hours and hours days in advance only to get average grades on them, and they are a huge part (85%) of your grade.
one of the most boring professors i've ever had, seems like he came out of the public school system. has a terrible sense of humor, and his test are super hard with obscure questions pulled out of the book. you'll really have to read the text 5 times to do well on the exam.
He grades papers extremely hard, but can help you be a better writer. For the tests you have to read the book word for word and memorize it all. He is very unsympathetic about deadlines and does not care if you have a million things due on the same day. His lectures are kind of interesting but minimal as to what you need to know for the test.
Really nice and interesting. He has a lot of great stories from when he used to be a psychologist and tells one almost every class. Attendance is not mandatory, but still taken. There are 3 tests, a book review and discussion. The tests are pretty hard because they're so specific, but most are straight from the reading and a few from lecture.
Super nice, 3 tough tests....just study. take this class
SO HARD TO GET AN A...you think you do well on the test and think you know the matieral until u get your grade back...he has pretty good lectures but you have to put alot of extra work...if you want an A dont take this class
The man is amazing, but the class is imposible. No one ever makes and A. If you have the GPA to spare, you will learn a lot about psyc that you don't need to be a psyc major to use. He teaches a lot about how to do better personally in life.
dry humor, no written homework in 330, sometimes makes fun of students
Homework load (20-30 hrs if done alone) is ridiculous, the notes and examples are straight from the book if you look hard enough, and the exams average in the 60's, but Buttrey is well versed in the subject and tries his best to impart the necessary knowledge to his students. 231 made my life a living hell, but I still think he's a good professor.
Most of his class was spent tryin to keep up with his on board notes. He went so fast you had no time to comprehend what you wrote down. Definitely needed the help sessions to get through this class.
For his Jlab experiment, if you forget one little piece of info from ThermoII (or make a mistake during a lab conference), he will nail your butt to the wall and make you wish you were never born.
He is a little boring, but the class is relatively easy to pass if you show up. A lot of the stuff he asks about in exams are activities directly done in class, so even though he posts the lecture slides afterward, it pays to attend.
Dr. Altmann's class was one I usually dreaded. Nothing against him as a person, but as a teacher the class was very boring and hard to learn from. Presentations were made with content directly from the book, then basically just read from the slides. He does provide good examples of what he teaches on.
Lectures are SO boring and dry. It's still important to go to class because he gives a lot of extra info and examples. I wouldn't recommend skipping often but you may want to make a friend to share notes with. He tells you exactly what is on the exam and you should go to office hours before the exam and he will give more hints and clarify things.
Need to read the book and go to class/take notes - but a 4.0 isn't too hard if you do these things.
Way too political for a Psychology class, his political tangents drove me nuts and were not helpful to my understanding of psychology. Boring class.
The matierial was interesting, but the way he went about teaching it was not! This class dragged on and on, couldn't wait to get out the door.
He really wants to teach, but it's like he's too smart to get the point across. It's nice when he switches it up with group discussions. But sitting there for nearly 4 hours listening to him monotone it can be a real drain. ADD kicks in, but if you keep up on the homework and do the reading it's virtually impossible to fail this class.
He was a little confusing because he tried to tell the history as a story so he skipped around a lot. My notes were all scrambled. I felt like i had to write everything he said.
I remember instead of taking notes I would do charicatures of him in my notepad because he would make me that mad. All he does is talk, and for 3 hours. Take good notes, everything is notes in that class. Just hope that you can keep up.
Not a bad class, but if you miss a week you're stressing for the test. Tests come right out of lectures. Book is rarely used except for the papers you have to write. Forgets to give breaks sometimes, so bring dinner with you.
He's really nice and explains everything. Gives interesting examples and makes his PP presentations interesting.
Rydman is good, but as others mentioned, is very, VERY dry and monotone. For philosophy he spent the whole hour and a half talking quietly at the front of the room about the lecture of the day and myself and others found it very hard to stay awake and not just stare at the clock. Easy class if youre willing to suffer through a snore fest.
Nice guy that talks way too much about random crap. He cant stay on topic no matter what and judges you when you ever say something logical. Daydreams often and mumbles to himself when students are working on a case studies. The man must have voted for Hillary Clinton. He overall just doesnt click with society and makes many feel uncomfortable.
His class in the introduction to philosophy requires surprisingly little critical thinking. For his tests, don't try to think outside the box or contextualize it. All he wants is for you to regurgitate his lectures, in his own words, back at him. And his grading depends on how "ornery" he is feeling that day. I'm serious . . . his own words.
This dude makes me crack up. Not because he is funny- but because he is just such a goofy guy. I read a comment about how he "talks for n hour to himself and laughs at his own jokes" and it couldn't be more accurate.
Oh boy, this guy was quite the character. He lectures for the first hour, and then students watch a movie which they will have to critique after. That being said, his lectures are INCREDIBLY boring. He basically just spurts out random trivia facts and giggles to himself for an hour. However, he is very approachable and an easy grader.
Without any previous exposure to philosophy, I found his lectures to actually be more on the interesting side than it seems he gets credit for. If you read the chapter summaries in the book, you'll do just fine on the pop quizzes! However, the research paper is very tough to do, and is 100% self-guided. Overall solid class though!
Rydman is a pretty funny teacher, but the class is very boring. If he disagrees with you, he lets you know. Very rarely will he show a video, this is a lecture class. You have to read the book and know small details for 6 quizzes. The midterm and final aren't bad, you just need to study. I'm glad I'm done with this class, but I did learn a lot.
Professor Rydman does lecture for most of the class. He is fair and gives you a 10-15 min break for the 3 hr classes. You have to put in work to pass this class. Philosophy is a boring subject to those with no prior interest, but Rydman is nice, funny, and intelligent. If you are willing to study hard and put in effort you'll be ok.
Dont need to really read the text. just talk in class
I took his film viewing and construction class and thought it was the easiest class I have taken. The class met once a week for roughly 3 hours, he lectured for the 1st half hour or so, then we watched a film for the remainder. Although some of the films were boring and so was he I recommend this class if you're looking for an easy "A" take this.
This man is so O.C.D. it's not even funny. I did well in his class, but it wasn't enjoyable at all. He is incredibly smart, but his lectures were SO boring. He holds pop quizzes, has a strict seating chart, and has a very particular grading method. Philosophy should be more... fun.
I thought he was kind of a pompous ass. Very knowledgeable and nice, but his method of grading sucks.... Pop quizzes suck. I like philosophy and ended up with a fairly****ty grade.
Ridiculously easy, that's what you probably want to know. He's very laid back and that's cool. Doesn't do much to moderate his class though - idiotic comments run amok there. But you do discuss some fascinating things from time to time and I appreciated his open and easy going attitude. Very good teacher.
anyone who knows anything about philosophy should realize this is not the most entertaining class. just attended class should be no problem passing.
Talks too fast and is always smiling. An alright teacher though
Funny Romanian. Tried to help the students as much as possible
Here's the reality--I know I will be able to get an A in this class, but honestly I will have learned nothing. There is no interaction with the prof. You basically read 1-3 chapters of the text and then answer the homework questions and post them to the discussion board. You can easily find all answers to everything--homework and exams- online.
This professor does not interact with students that much. (If you are taking the online version of the class.) There is SO MUCH TEXTBOOK READING. You literally read the ENTIRE textbook during the semester. Take good notes. It will help you on the exams.
I took an online class with prof. Gelderloos. There was never any interaction between the students and him, which was weird. However, the course wasn't hard. Everything was simple to do. There is a lot of reading though, be warned.
This was an online class, but I really loved it! The marketing textbook is very well written. The instructor is very clear on what is required. The exams were tougher than you would expect for open book but not too bad. I appreciated only having to post once a week on the discussion board. Highly recommend!
Took him for a few telecourse classes. For this one there were 6 long tests online, and untimed. They were easy since you could find the answers in your book. He does grade on a curve for some classes but not this one.
It's a pretty easy class, you'll learn a lot!!
Agnello is a nice guy. However, he is a pretty terrible teacher. His voice made me laugh the first couple days, then made me fall asleep for the rest of the semester. Way harder than the other 151 teacher because he usually teachers higher level classes. Don't go to class, just read the book and you'll be okay.
Yes, his voice is annoying, he doesn't answer questions well, and the final was really freaking hard, but I liked him anyway. He wants you to learn, even though he isn't a particularly good teacher. Conclusion: I wouldn't specifically recommend him, but if you have to take him, you'll be fine if you pay attention in class.
very difficult to understand if you don't read the textbook
The course can be boring, but it's definitely worth taking. Agnello really is a character. Don't bother taking notes during his lectures because he'll only confuse you...just enjoy his stories and tangents. The textbook is great and more than makes up for the lectures, so read thoroughly.
on one hand the notes are very clear...on the other hand there are WAY TOO MANY and your hand will hurt after 75 minutes of scribbling...he is in love with the author of the textbook. don't go to class, just keep up with the book and you'll do better than half the class, his HW's suck a lot though
Sounds alot like Andy Rooney. Very easy class easy homework easy tests final is surprising though. Never miss a class dont buy the book or the program.
longwinded and boring.... homeworks are not very challenging, but final is
Not terribly hard, confusing when he talks, final impossible, other tests easy
This class is for you if you like structure and if you have good work ethics. If you're a slacker, passing this class will be extremely difficult. There's homework due every week, but she gives you the homework a week in advance so there's honestly no reason why it shouldn't be done. Prepare to read. Quizzes are once a week.
The class and topics are great however, she will make your life extremely difficult! She gave me an F for not double spacing an assignment, even though all the answers were correct.She is WAY to controlling, I feel like im back in elementary school.
This lady is totally nuts ~ absolutley over the top! She is so organized that she can't get her act together. The most confusing class that I have ever taken! Blackboard is overused - hard core! Get another prof!
She was very excited to be teaching this class. I thought she was really nice, but very unclear. It seemed to be 2 classes in one. We had to read but rarely discussed the readings. I never knew when things were due or what seemed to be going on.
Good professor. Can be very unorganized at times but it does not hinder the students.
Almost all ED classes at GV are easy and Mack continues this tradition.
He is an easy prof but is a grumpy old man I would never take a class with again. He does let you use notes on the test, so as I said its an easy class- I had him for govt
Only a few assignments through the entire semester. He lets you make up any missed tests and was super nice. Not a great class if you love government but if you want an easy A I highly recommend this prof.
Talks a lot about irrelevant topics.
He was alright
I GUESS THEY PULLED OUT THE DINASOURS TO TEACH GOVERNMENT, HE RAMBLES ON A LOT BUT BESIDES THAT IS COOL.
Can't follow his syllabus. Misses classes but demands students be there.
THIS CLASS IS VERY INTENSE! You will have to work very hard in this class. Quizzes every single class, homework, memorizing the definitions word by word. I didn't hate it and I learned a lot. Just make sure you're on top of it because it is not easy. And Richard Malott bothered me and some of the stuff about him I don't like.
The class moves pretty quickly and you have a quiz every day but the GSI goes over them with you each day before you take it. You have a homework assignment due every day that goes along with the chapter you're on but it helps a lot with the quizzes. The project at the end of the semester is extremely easy to do.
HONESTLY THE MOST DIFFICULT CALSS IVE EVER TAKEN! However, the class is very interesting.. Quizzes 2 times a week sometimes up to 4 quizzes in one class (when they double up lectures) You also have homework packets every class. THEY ARE LONG! I was so scared to take this class but it ended up being kinda lovely. I got a B so it was worth it.
Quite possibly the most amazing person I have ever met. 1400 changed my perspective on just about everything. People tend to either love Dr. Malott or hate him. The class is extremely hard with homework, readings, and quizzes for every class, but well worth it if you like Behavior Analysis and plan to go on in Malott's program.
you never meet him, TA's teach the course I didn't learn anything and for a 1crhr class its a lot of work his grading system sux you meet for like 15min hw check and thats that I dont want to say its a waist of time but I really didnt learn anything I could have done that by myself just do hw go to class and you'll pass not worth it sorry
Dr. Malott is a world reknowned expert in the field of behavior analysis. It's true you never see him, he is extremely busy, but his Grad students do a very satisfactory job of teaching the class. He wrote the textbook which is straightforward, TONS of memorization, and daily quizes. Stay on top.
Never met the guy. Most likely, you will not either. A TA taught my Honors section. As far as the PSY 100 Honors course (seminar & rat lab), you must know that there is reading/homework/quiz for each class. If you do all of the above and are present for all of the rat labs, you will get an easy A.
Never met the guy, he doesn't teach the class. TA was helpfull. Quizzes everday at the end of class. Overall, not a bad class. The Rat Lab was great.
great class
Dr. Al is a solid professor. She makes you WORK for your grade and wants to see the effort put into your discussions, papers, and assignments. She wants you to think about every little detail, to make your time in the class count. This class pushed me to the limit, but all in all I am grateful for this class and my experience.
Tries to change how you see school. Grading ridiculously rough and on her own scale. 2/3 is a B to her (even if it doesn't say so online, it will change). Show vulnerability in your writing - personal change/growth for better grade. KNOW APA STYLE! Participate or won't do well. Read the syllabus 1st. Very gruff/scary at first. i respect her though.
I wrote A papers & received Cs, it was annoying. If you are not sure you want to be a teacher then take this class, it will either cement it or destroy it. I was also annoyed because in a group project we had to do the night before it was due she changed the due date. How is that fair to the people who worked their butts off to get it done in time?
Dr. Al is great- there are a lot of people that complain that her class is too hard- but guess what? College isn't meant to be easy- this class is to prepare you to be a teacher. Take the challenge. It's worth it in the end, I promise. You will learn more about education than you thought was possible in an undergraduate level class.
Thoughts: You'll get out of it what you want. If you think it'll suck, it probably will. But there is method to what she does. When you teach, which I do now, no one is going to tell you to do your job. Like her assignments, she makes you figure things out for yourself b/c when you teach all you have is the help of other teachers. Keep this in mind
Definitely a good professor when it comes to engaging in discussion with her classes. Some assignments were unclear and hard to follow, but in the long run the experience of actually having to WORK in a class paid off.
Make sure you read the coursepack as soon as you buy and dont just skim because you could miss something very key. There is a lot of work and time that you need to put into this class it is not one I would take with other challenging classes. The class is hard but if you try your best and show up and participate you will be rewarded.
Hardest I've ever worked for a B. Expect to revise everything you do at least once, maybe more. She expects you to be near perfect and grades as such. Tests are all multiple choice and she curves them heavily, so don't worry too much about them. Overall, I really like her as a person but only tolerated her as a professor.
Very difficult class, but rewarding in the end.
Allison change what I thought about teaching and made me the outstanding teacher I am today. I owe my career to her.
Mr. Zeeff is outstanding! You'll learn a lot and hear some excellent stories. Use your study guides and you'll do fine.
Great teacher, loves to tell stories of his expierences. dont bring your textbooks to class you will never use them. i look forward to going to his class. he is a great teacher, but is unwilling to help you if you need help
Good teacher but a poor director for law enforcement
SHE IS A GREAT TEACHER
She is a good teacher with a lot of wisdom for the helping profession but she picks favorites.
This was a class that I dreaded going to. I love poetry but this class was so boring. He is a hard grader and doesn't take the writing literally. If you do take his class keep in mind that he really likes metaphors.Also, he says class is mandatory but doesn't take attendance I would recommend going to class though.
It's been a while since anyone's said anything...I wonder if it's been that long since he taught. Not much has changed, except he doesn't talk about politics much. He's still pompous and arrogant, still likes to hear himself talk, and still likes to make his students feel like they're stupid failures. He's not unintelligent, by any means, just a je
a little pompous, but handsome and strangely magnetic. i think it's the fedora.
Loves to hear your opinion and tell everyone in class how WRONG it is.
Nice professor who obviously knows what he is talking about. Passionate about the works he chose. The class was based on the students being paired up into groups to lead discussions and he would jump in when he thought there was something important not being discussed. Do well on quizzes and essays and you should pass easily.
Dr. Mathews is a nice guy, but his class is not easy. He gives the vaguest instructions possible yet is one of the most nit-picky graders I have ever had. He is not awful and I would take him again, and part of the issue is the amount of work the course itself is required to include, but I am a science major and this was my most demanding class.
Dr. Matthews is a very clear professor. But his grading on essays is much too harsh and in class there is nothing interesting to talk about. He does not allow any whispering in class and demands your utmost attention. He will set up individual meetings with you but in truth they are useless. Class is mandatory so don't skip or you'll suffer.
He really doesn't like people voicing opinions that he doesn't agree with. He flat out ignored me several times when I had my hand raised, and my comment was often met with a blank stare. The class wasn't too hard, the quizzes and tests were HORRIBLY written and didn't make much sense, but the readings were good.
Writing Drama was never my strong point, but Dr. Mathews helped me improve my script writing... aka, make your scripts as long as possible, and you'll get a better grade. Wouldn't recommend him for ENG 101 or 102... He's a REALLY tough grader... Makes you feel accomplished for getting an A on something :)
good prof. Easy class as long as you do the reading and show up. his lectures are boring, but take notes and you'll do fine.
Dr. Mathews is a good prof. He is very demanding of his students, but you will definately learn alot in his class. He is very strict with attendance, so you have to go to class (the course requires it anyway). I did well, but the secret is to do the work exactly how he wants you to. If you particiate in class, he also will like you.
This class is pretty demanding. You have to read what is assigned. He sticks to the syllabus very well. Pay attention to what he wants and do it that exact way, and you should be fine.
Incredibly intelligent man - he was a bit over my head. He definitely has a love for what he does and for the material. I did feel a bit lost in the material we studied, but he was very kind and forgiving in his grading.
Dr. Parkes clearly knows a ton about literature, and most of the time he is pretty good in lecture. Sometimes he gets too fancy with his descriptions and it gets incredibly confusing, though. Tests also count for a ton, so make sure that you study and really pay attention to his lectures. If you don't go to class, don't expect any chance at passing
total babe. class really matters on your ta- i didnt like mine so i didnt really enjoy the class but he was fine and funny- great british accent.
He obviously didn't give a crap about the class. I don't blame him; it's a crappy class. Nevertheless, I'd take 3000 with anyone else before I'd take it with him. As a side note: I've heard his Joyce class is fantastic.
I had the worst TA for this class and it made me hate both the TA and Dr. Parkes. I felt like I could have skipped every one of his lectures and come out with the same amount of knowledge as I now have. He's pretty dry, the tests are tough and hardly relevant to the papers and lectures. British accents just don't cut it.
Overall, an interesting class if you like to see different aspects of literature. A VERY hard class if you get a TA who grades your paper harshly, but thats all I can complain about. Missing lecture is a bad idea since much of what he talks about applies to writing your papers. Also, The midterm and final are not as hard as he makes them out to be.
I agree, he is hot. So much of this class depends on the TA you get, but Dr. Parkes is always willing to help or answer any questions during his office hours. Great teacher, very interesting lectures.
He is terrible at checking his email, but other than that the class is easy. Its half a semester and online, one discussion and one homework each week. However, I was required to purchase a platform and a textbook that I never used and it costed more than double than any of my other class materials. But an easy 100 if you need it.
Took his maymester class, which I recommend. He cares about your grade and helping you understand the material. The material is hard information and the tests aren't easy. He gives you the option of a cheat sheet on the test for some percent off. He's really not a bad teacher at all. Write down everything he puts on the board.
Go to class and write everything he puts on the board and you'll do fine. Nothing is on the exam that isn't on the board. Yes there's a lot to memorize but the class is manageable.
It's a hard class to take, you will learn a TON and it's useful knowledge. If you do what Professor Harris suggests in terms of studying, you'll do well in the class. The curve will save the bad students, even though it doesn't really help the good students. Most useful class I've taken.
Good teacher, easy class, but one weird guy. Goes on these daily rants about God knows what, with little to no relevance to Finance. Test are 10 essay questions but you can exempt the final.
DiBella's class was a very difficult class for me, mainly because I do not like history. His lectures are like 2 and a half hours long, and very material heavy. There is a lot of memorization, and his tests are difficult. However, I did learn a lot! You just need to put a lot of time aside for this class, but he is very hilarious!
Seriously hardest class, don't take it!! He's a very nice guy but he lectures for 3 hours straight with no ppts. he talks fast and if you miss class you're gunna miss a lot of info and get way behind. Also, his tests are very difficult... i studied a lot and got a C-. i would try to take with a different prof even though he's nice just very hard!!!
He is a very intelligent and informative teacher, but beware because an abundance of information is given quickly and in a short amount of class time. I received an A in the class but it did take a decent amount of effort, the class is very time consuming. Awesome teacher but beware that you do need to study for the tests and put in some time!
Super egotistic. Very tough grader, on exams and papers. He will critique every sentence you write. Be prepared to be constantly insulted, in and out of class. Nonetheless, the most interesting class I have taken thus far as an undergrad. Might have not done well, but still enjoyed the material.
Great class, really prepares you for career writing. All group papers, but he gives great feedback and can definitely back up what he says. Two weekend field trips which are fun, everyone bonds and the class ends up being like a little family.
Definitely go to class. When studying, go over experiments. He is very clear about his expectations. Participation in class is appreciated as it makes things go much faster when he knows if you understand the info or don't . Take good notes. He gives great study guides before exams - know them. Books not necessary.
this class is on my good and bad side. i'm in class every day, havent missed a lecture, take good notes, but i got a 35, and 58 on the first two exams. The exams are completely fill in the blank and impossible to fully prepare for. his office hours cleared a few things up, great guy/good teacher, horrible exam creator.
This class was...interesting. I'm not a science person so I figured a class on dinosaurs would be cool, and it was to an extent. I however had some conflicts with my major which requires a lot of outside the classroom time and he was kind of rude about my other educational pursuits getting involved in HIS class. Learned a lot though.
His class was surprisingly hard. But he himself was entertaining. Every once in a while he said something so funny I'd have to write it down. He's very sarcastic and looks like he's in a bad mood all the time, but he can be nice. You have to study really hard for the tests, because they're insane.
I agree with the "old-fashioned teaching style" comment: straightforward lecturing, quizzes, tests... not that that's bad. He's extraordinarily knowledgeable, so don't just sit there and listen; ask lots of questions. Can have a sharp tongue sometimes but seems less mean if you get to know him.
Took this class first semester freshman year so I never went; therefore, exams were difficult but the tutor John Alverez at Academic enhancement is very helpful, only reason I did well; otherwise Cain is a nice guy with a sweet British accent, sort of feel bad for him; take it as long as you can read the text/go to class or the tutor
Great class, alot of people either hate him or love him, He has a british accent which is awesome. Always go to class it helps because you will miss alot of notes, little to no homework, exams are extremely easy because he tells you everything that is on it and gives everything in the notes so you can't mess up.
professor cain is very smart and knows his stuff. the class is pretty boring but the tests definetly were fair if you go to class, you will do well.
Book is very helpful particularly for diagrams, must take LOTS of notes off overhead, exams are difficult. If you're not going to attend/take notes in class, don't bother taking the class.
Although he is incredibly boring and is often times rude to students, his class is easy. It is easy if you take down all the notes and do not miss class. I went to every class and got an A. He drops the lowest of 4 exams and gives numerous extra credit opportunities! As far as learning goes, I did learn a lot!
Nobody can say he is a bad teacher. So knowledgeable of the topic. If you are lazy and looking for an easyyy A, don't take this class. However, to get an A you just have to go to class, listen, read the materials and you're set. He is veryy striaghtforward on what is on the tests. Drops the lowest grade of 4 tests and offers ex. credit.
I'm so torn about this professor...the class is pretty straight forward, but Cain's not very helpful. There are extra credit pop quizzes and an extra credit project that can boost your grade a lot. However, the tests are pretty difficult. He seems like he's probably a nice guy outside of class. Like I said, I'm torn. Good luck.
This class is fairly straightfoward. If you go to class and take good notes you will be fine. You do not really even need to read outside of class, just take good notes and study for the tests and you will be fine. He even drops your lowest test grade.
cain really isn't as bad as everyone says he is. if you can pay attention in class and take half decent notes, the class isn't hard to pull a B in.
I thought he was a good professor. Liked the class. If you get an A from him, you REALLY deserve it.
Slackers need not apply. Cain expects maximum effort and dedication. I dropped the class the first time(would've failed), then took it again(got a B). Take A LOT of notes and at least skim the text. This guy is super-cold, but also super-smart...
You have 4 tests, he drops one and you have can choose to do extra credit. This isn't a class you can skip on a regular basis. If you go and pay attention and study for the tests it's not that hard to get a B. My advice is... study hard for the first 3 tests and then don't go to the last 3 weeks
sense of humor yes, but he likes 'tards'. he just wants to make sure you understand mixed partials. he's a little facetious, but seriously he helps you understand what you need to know. the textbook is small but dense, and the homework is a little demanding. he makes his own too, which aren't that bad; the tests can be though. phys therm is tricky.
Dr. Carol is resistant to questions, especially if it was something you were supposed to know prior to the class. She will answer questions by saying "you are supposed to know that" or "well that is in the textbook" which I think really detracted students from asking questions. Overall she is very nice and an easy grader.
Dr. Carol is an excellent theorist and composer, so she's kind of hard to follow sometimes. ALWAYS TAKE NOTES IN HER CLASS!!!! Read the material before you discuss it in class, chances are there WILL be a reading quiz. She's hard and expects intelligent thought but knows when you're properly applying theory and will credit you for that.
knows her theory and is really helpful. just don't take her class if passive agressive is a problem for you...this is not a teacher who will push you, but she will mark you down if you don't push yourself.
Professor Ringnalda was an awesome professor. Unfortunately he passed away in this last year.
he makes you work hard, but i have beome a tons better reader than i was before the class. i do reccomend him
Class is always interesting with him. You never know what extreme political theory he will come out with next. At times it feels more like a politcal science class than english. The class isn't too hard all you really need to do well is show up to class and participate.
He is a good prof but sometimes I think he wants you to think too in depth on some topics. He is a pretty easy grader and I did enjoy his class.
Scatterbrained
pissed at the world, this makes class interesting
Excellent professor, very encouraging.
Dr. Dawn Duncan is an excellent writer. She is always available to answer questions about writing, and assuming you're not just trying to get her to do your work, she gives very thorough answers that really helps your writing improve. DO NOT BE LATE FOR HER CLASS! If you are, she will bring it up at least 5 times and you will feel awful.
Dawn loves post colonialism. She did a great job with helping the students understand the text through the means of critical applications. She also has a love for everything liberal. She never got around to grading papers. Her turnaround time on papers is terrible (something like 4+ weeks). If you want feedback early on in her class, good luck.
Don't take her if you are looking for an A.
He's a hard teacher. He has rules and expects you to follow them. Don't think about having a phone out in his class or skipping class. But you will learn so much more then you learn with any other professor.
Really hard and made offensive comments.
come on, its a core class!
I took BITS211 online in 7-weeks. Fast paced class. Most work is done on McGraw Hill Simnet. The quizzes were challenging but not worth very much of the overall grade. The prof is willing to meet if you need help. He is an extremely fast grader and provides feedback. I would say he is an average professor, nothing too bad or too great.
This class was extremely difficult. The amount of online work I had to do (this was an online course) was very high. I spent about five hours at a time just doing the online assignments, not to mention discussions, quizzes and the final project. Professor Collins was nice, but the course is a ton of work. Be ready to really work for your grade.
The class was very helpful and useful. I didn't like the online companion we worked with because it had an automated grader report and it was never accurate. He responds in a reasonable amount of time to clarify and change grades if need be. Overall, the course wasn't bad.
It was hard for me, because I had a lot of hours. I think the material was enjoyable though and it makes you think. But if you do not have enough time, do not take it with him. He makes you read and discuss in class.
Dr. Wight is a nice person. The class was very interesting at times, but I felt as if I was supposed to take another class beforehand and felt utterly lost at times. It was hard to study for any tests for me at least and I wasn't sure what I needed to know for the tests. Don't forget about Mindtap or the online quizzes those will kill your grade
He definitely makes you work for the grade you get, you do all of the homework on another learning platform, I really liked it. His tests are definitely hard... he doesn't tell you what to study you just have to read everything and hope for the best. Fun lectures and no mandatory attendance.
Dr. Wight is an amazing guy and his lectures are interesting and not boring at all. However, his class is one of the hardest I've ever taken. The weekly quizzes are no joke... you really need to study each chapter. The tests are even harder. But if you go to class and DONT text! He knows who is really trying and gives you major point curves!
He's kind of weird, but does a good job with the lectures. He doesn't cover everything in class though so make sure you read.
He wants his students to admire him and if you reveal that you do not then he won't give you the time of day. Lectures from a script but you can't tell unless you really know him. Always made an A, but he's extremely overrated in terms of "amazingness." I'd say it's those who've been lucky enough not to really get to know him that say say this.
Because of my compass test score I had to take this class (and 0950) as a refresher before I could take the required College Algebra class, though the 0### classes don't count for credit. Professor Yuen was kind and tried hard to make jokes and engage students. Her thick accent sometimes complicated the lessons, but overall she was great!
Do not take this course online, it was very difficult. She gave a lot of bonus points, but it didn't matter. the test were extremely tough, but the questions were legitimate questions that were practiced in the books. Learning math on your own is very difficult and the book does not explain things either. Had several tutors and nothing helped.
Took online, very difficult, fast paced, took 5 week class. Majority of class failed. Tests seemed very hard, does not curve at all. Dissapointed that I have to retake, was close to passing, and there was no give on her part.
He should really retire .. Cute old man and all, but he's getting a little senile.
The worse we play, the better he says we play. HEARING AID!!!
meh, meh...ham sandwich
eh... band ehh...
I had him for a semester of Aural Skills when Dr. Apple was out, and I got such a kick out of him I signed up for choir. He's really got a sense of humour, but at the same time, he's serious about staying on-track and down to business.
Makes tests easy!
He is very knowledgable about what he teaches, but he is boring, he says that tests are not cumulative but they are, he does give the opportunity to do extra credit, his tests aren't too bad if you study and listen to the music
Dr. Deb is one of the kindest people you'll ever meet. She gives many opportunities for credit in the form of homework and quizzes, but her tests are way too difficult. The class averages for the three exams before I withdrew were all around 60%.
This woman is into pain! She moves through the material faster than the other profs, ugh.
this lady should teach calc in hell.
This class isn't a nightmare but it can be lecture-heavy w/ 5 exams and 6 work packets. It's not a physical geography but still a passable class, I suggest taking detailed notes and studying a few days before the exam. It's a good science credit because there's no lab period. I have flashcards on knowt user mpush listed under semester one.
Honestly a great person, but the class material Is so hard. If you arent going to school for geography do not take this! I am an ed major and I will never use most of the material I learned in this class again.
Probably one of the hardest intro classes I have ever taken, and I showed up to class and studied hard for every test. He expects a lot out of you, but he is very willing to help you out in any way. He had us learn a whole chapter by ourselves because he was behind and then made our final up with a ton of questions on that chapter.
He's passionate about what he teaches, but he's very hard and moves too fast. He teaches wayy too much for a gen. ed. class. There is one map quiz, and the rest of the semester is spent on weather, energy, and the likes. Dont take this class if you're not into geography...
I am a GEO major, and the class was wayy hard. It's an advanced science course with one map quiz. Seriously, there is no Geography in this class. I was really disappointed... not planning on majoring in science n all. He is soo boring as well. Tests were hard... There are too many abbreviations to learn, too much info packed into tests.
This class is really hard!! He's really nice and funny but the class is hard. The tests are very difficult even if you study! Everything else is good just not the tests.
He wasn't my favorite professor, but I didn't think this class was terrible. I think as long as you pay attention and don't fall behind, there's no reason you shouldn't pass. There is A LOT of homework on MindTap for this class and it will honestly carry your grade. I don't recommend bombing the exams, but one slip up won't make you fail.
Dr. Stoffey is a nice guy. But I can honestly say I took him for two classes one semester and it was the most difficult time of my life. He does NOT curve grades, even if almost the entire class fails the tests. He expects you to remember the tiniest details and he has been in the field for so long he has a hard time explaining things to you.
Great Professor! This is a really hard class but it is possible to pass. I went to tutoring and studied really hard. Stoffey is a really cool guy. He really wants everyone to do good and he is fair. I love this class a lot! I always leave smiling even if my brain hurts. I would absolutely recommend taking this prof.
He's a great person but a horrible professor. He's always rambling and will go through chapters in 20 minutes and expect you to completely understand it all. I took a stat course prior to this one and felt as though I didn't understand anything after how he explained it. If you're not very good at math, don't take him. Your gpa will suffer.
I have very mixed feelings about Dr. Stoffey. Pros: Knows the material front to back, will always offer help to anyone who asks. Sincerely cares about what he's teaching. Cons: All over the place when he's teaching, pretty unclear. Overall, you will be very prepared for PSY270 if you take Stoffey, but you'll have your work cut out for you.
He's really not that bad of a professor. He's a nice guy. The book is a must though to help if you get confused. I didnt really understand most of the stuff, get a tutor it helps a lot! ... I had a solid C in his class and got a B for my final grade so that's a plus!!!!
He's alright. I had him from 8-9:30 and the class wasn't as bad as I thought it would be for an 8AM. You definatly have to come to class, and I had to figure out a lot on my own. I think he's one of those professors that has been teaching it so long, he's not sure about how to bring it back down to your level. But I do like him.
The material in this class was pretty much common sense, but he got us involved in discussion about how it impacts all aspects of life. I thought the tests were easy, others seemed to have trouble. Made us buy a $100 book that we couldn't sell back then
Easy and funny professor, who can sometimes go off on his own tangents.
Ridiculous w/AV's. Make sure you can make good ones. She might have a Starbucks hidden in her office b/c she's always hyped up about comics and other crazy stuff.
Jensen is a very entertaining and easy professor. The tests are not too hard and there are lots of chances to do extra credit. She is also very sweet and the assignments are pretty easy. She is especially good if you are a theatre major.
pretty much if you can make awesome looking av's you will get an A. she is obsessed with them and shows you like 500 every day in class. not always clear on explanations, but easy grader. and you don't have to do many speeches. very enthusiastic about teaching about communication
Audio Visual Queen! Easiest Honors class ever! Just color inside the lines!
Tends to treat students like children, including assigning too much weight to a student's ability with construction paper and crayons. Lectures aren't very engaging at all. She's nice, though, and easy enough to work with.
Good professor...Give ALOT of work, sometimes too much! Smiles excessively...great attitude, even when it snows!
He's a nice man and tries to make class interesting but his tests are ridiculous and with his accent he can be very hard to understand. He does try and help you out if you ask but he's not very approachable. I would avoid this class if at all possible though because his tests are extremely hard.You almost need to be a geologist to pass them!
If you don't go to class you probably won't pass. He's a prof that knows what he's talking about, but he is also very strict and you will be called out for going to the bathroom during class. DO THE READING because he'll find out if you don't and he'll give a pop quiz. Overall he's a very informative teacher, but not the best person.
Donner isn't terrible, but he's far from great. Several writings make up your grades within the class; final paper is worth 30% of your grade. Attendance is not mandatory; it doesn't count towards your grade, but don't expect sympathy from him if you miss class, then ask for help on assignments. He's very blunt and his lectures are pretty boring.
He doesnt do a lot of teaching, most of the learning will be on your own.
This class is tough with other things going on - do not take if your schedule is full or you have internship, etc. He's a great professor but there is a lot of reading and class discussion. You get to miss 2 classes but after that he drops your grade down
Donner is an okay professor. I took him because I needed Anthro, it wasn't my favorite class but I can promise it wasn't the best. He rants a lot and the first day he told us he has 10 year so he'll say whatever he wants and he'll offend us, trust me he will do that. But overall, it's an easy class to get by as long as you read and study for tests.
Buy the book, he isn't great at explaining things and the extra info is needed for tests. Read the readings assigned, use the clicker, get a tutor, don't skip class or you will miss a lot. There wasn't any homework, projects or papers. Just 4 tests. He makes a study guide for them. Bring a laptop for notes. He talks really fast.
There are 4 tests & a participation grade. He gives an optional final to replace your lowest grade. He gives two extra credit opportunities worth 10 pts each. He will call you out if you're on your phone/late. He uses clickers and some of the exact, word for word questions are on the test. He isn't that interesting to listen to. He's okay.
Knowledgeable guy but it is hard to pay attention to him. He says Um or uh about every other word. Does not care if he offends anyone and he will tell you that. He will call you out for using your phone or coming late and wont let down.
Donner's alright. He gives the study guide early and tells you exactly what's going to be on the test so as long as you fill that out you'll do fine. Other than that his class is pretty boring and he talks about his anthropological trip all the time and none of it ends up on the test. Easy class though.
Dr. Donner is overall a very good professor but he gets stuck on certain topics and can make class drag on! He gives opportunities for extra credit which is great! If you take him you'll take a lot of notes!
so funny and intresting, great stories that hold attention but his tests are hard and if you dont attend class it will effect you on tests because his stories are on them. overall good teacher
A little hard on grading, but definitely a very good teacher. Definitely read the text books and attend class. He definitely makes you think outside the box. Highly suggested.
Donner isn't a terrible teacher, but you have to be willing to listen to his stories that don't make much sense until the last 2 minutes. The intro Sociology course is pretty simple, especially if you have him because he is not normally a soc. prof. He also uses some vulgar language so if you are easily offended I wouldn't suggest taking his class
this guy is easy. he cares about your grade and wants you to do well. he is really freaking wierd, but his classes are easy A's.
He is a very nice guy ..curses alot with BS *lol* makes the class interesting by really saying what's on his mind :) I would recommend him...tells alot of info about Sikaiana ;)
he can be very offesnive to sensitive people, he tells alot of stories of experiences and tries to make the class as interesting as possible, even though it might not be. he gives you a tip sheet for every test which helps alot, but his tests are sort of hard!
Read your book and go to class!! If you like anthropology, he's a great teacher, but if you're taking it for a gen ed, you may want to see if you can get another person. He's a very nice guy, very helpful, and has awesome stories of his experiences on Sikaiana. The test questions are normally half book, half notes, so you NEED to go to class.
VERY HARD CLASS!!! Some of the students did really well but i had a hard time everything he talks about in class is completely useless. You have to really read the book if u want to do well. I even got a tutor but it didnt help and he doesnt give extra credit.
Good prof, all you really need to do is pay attention to what he says and take good notes...Study the guide he gives b4 the test and go to class and you will be fine...he is a bit bitter about his successful sisters though and thats kinda sad...
Donner is SOOO boring. And he's way too bitter, always complaining about his ex-wife and his successful sisters. He makes sure you come to class by giving you written assignments. You don't really need to read the books, although they do help. I thought he was pretty easy but I'd avoid him if possible.
Talked way too much about his divorce and his bitterness with his family of "rich doctors," not enough about Anthropology. The lectures were too slow and "dumbed down" for my tastes.
he was a hard ass
He seems knowledgable and yet down-to-earth. I thought the first test was hard, but I got a 96%. I like when he tells stories or jokes to the class. Taking notes in that class is easy, too. Most of the time, he writes them on the board, anyway.
Very strict, but nice as long as you folllow the rules
Easy Class. Hard Tests.
great course, interesting lectures. i saw something on tv about both maiori AND sikyanna (sp?) the other day and knew all about their marriage and family structures thanks to this class i took 2 years ago!
I enjoyed prof. Chernekoff's class. it was mainly focused on food, we were required to read 3 books, and write 4 papers throughout the semester. there were 2 discussion posts due a week but if you skipped class they didn't count. She doesn't give tests or quiz's, but participation is a must. We also had to volunteer at a food pantry for this class.
VERY DEMANDING youll get burnt out before the end of the semester shes got a great open class structure--but all the reading and writing burnt me out before thanksgiving
McDaniel is very entertaining and eager to help students. Great guy!
I'm not very enthusiastic about Prof Weinandy. Graduated many years ago, Communications major. Had Prof: Weinandy for Comm Theory. Received poor grade for final exam, needed higher grade as I was Comm major. weinandy refused make up test. Previous grades in class were satisfactory. Thanks to 2 other professors who intervened graduated in time!
Knows the subject matter well, funny. Sometimes class is frustrating with explanation of grammar in French
Easy class, all you had to do was do the writings twice a week, and it was a guaranteed "A". If you dont do the work thats the only way you will fail, everyone should take this easy class.
Difficult to get an initial feel for him, but if you give him a chance, he is willing to do a lot to help you succeed. Very very very knowledgeable.
I love this guy! I actually tried to figure out how to take more courses from him, despite the fact that I have absolutely NO interest in computer science, and it has no real bearing on my major. I just took the course because I needed the hours. I learned quite a lot, and would recommend his courses to anyone who enjoys learning.
Reminds me of Merlin or Gandolf. We'd always do wizards jokes about him. But he knows his stuff, and is very informative and easy to understand.
Boring, borin, boring
Sorta tough grading. Big on class discussions and can be extremely boring.
This teacher is the true meaning of bipolar. She loves cats and loves hearing herself speak. Her lectures consist of 45 minutes of information that is dragged out to an unbearable 4 hours. NEVER take a quad with her. I had a 300 level class which i received an A in and then took her 100 level class and was terrified she was going to fail me!
In terms of. . . (lol) She is pretty boring, no I take it back she is extremely boring and kind of hard to understand. However, she is very nice and is definately open to questions if you are unclear or dont kind something on the review sheet
Awful class. I thought this class would be exciting, but it turned out that I got to listen to the prof talk for 4 hours straight once a week. Would not recommend to anyone.
He's very nice but probably should have stopped teaching when he actually retired. He does drone on and on and unfortantly nothing of any value is gained.
She's a nice person and a decent prof, but extremely unorganized which made it hard to know instructions at times. There was one time this sem where our entire class just didn't do a paper listed in the syllabus because she never told us about it. However, she gives lots of extra credit on tests which is nice and is a fairly easy grader.
She's a super sweet and an amazing person. However, while she does try to be organized, her instructions and syllabus can often be confusing. Even so, she explains a lot better if you ask her.
This class just has a lot of "on-your-own" learning. There is a lot of homework, but that's not what makes the class not fun. Professor Rodriguez is very nice, but she doesn't give concrete answers when you ask her questions. She also is not good at responding to emails. I would try to take another professor for 301.
Great teacher. A bit disorganized, sometimes hard to understand, but she knows her stuff. If you care to learn Spanish thoroughly, she's your prof!
pretty easy prof
He is a very kind person outside of class but rarely helped students and talks way too fast. Every paper and exam needs an extreme amount of detail to get an A and he expects nothing but perfection. He does relate some Bible stories to real life so it helps and his teaching is good, but I wouldn't take him again.
The exams are impossible if you don't have excellent memory. You'll be given 15-25 words that you need 3 sentence definitions for, 15 bible verses to memorize and/or memorize the content of, and 5-7 potential essay questions. So you need to spend an unreasonably long time studying and muddy your memory with irrelevant material. My memory just cant
Professor Lee is very passionate about what he teaches. His whole class is lecturing so attendance is crucial. For Rel. 121 there were a few papers and tests. The tests are difficult with A LOT of material. With every test, he offered extra credit and provided a study guide. If you put in a fair amount of studying you'll be fine.
Really isn't as bad as people say. Very strict when grading, but test review sheets give everything you need to be prepared for the questions. It's very helpful to have a prior understanding of the Bible. Assignments are loosely graded, only used the textbook to study for exams. You'll be fine if you study well and do extra credit
Won Lee has great, very entertaining lectures. He is also very funny, and makes the topic fun. His tests are almost impossibly hard, you must remember everything from the lectures, and be able to recite it on your essay exams--in 50 minutes. Overall, there is not enough time to complete his exams sufficiently, in the way he expects them to be done.
Although his lectures are engaging and you can learn alot from them, Won Lee is a pretty difficult grader. His tests all have two essay questions that take a fair amount of time to complete. His tests are nearly all writing except one matching. The Final had FOUR essay questions and your hand will feel like its falling off at the end. Good guy tho.
Professor Lee does a great job keeping students attention. However, I feel like some of the information gets lost in his attempts to be "hip" and funny. Expect everything he says, and I mean EVERYTHING, to be on a test. Hope you can take good notes!
The course is hard. Period. There is so much material to go through in such a short period of time, but it's not a lack of effort by the professor. He is very helpful. All you have to do is ask for exam reviews or help and he will provide it.
You need to be prepare to take good notes during lectures. He does not grade too harsh on the papers but his exams are very hard. However, if you prepare for your exams like two to three weeks you'll do fine and may be great. People who say he is harsh grader are people who don't study. I've enjoyed taking his class and he knows what he is teaching
Hilarious teacher with engaging lectures. However, his tests are very challenging as is his class. Oh, and start studying for that final right now!
This professor gives lots of notes every day in class and requires a ridiculous amount on the tests, but it is an interesting class in which you learn a lot
He is enthusiastic about religion, and knows his stuff. However, he seemed to think we were in a 300-level class - it was incredibly difficult! The class was almost enjoyable, as he is quite funny with his accent. But the difficulty was way too high. If you are a religion major, I recommend him. Otherwise, I would avoid him to keep up the GPA.
Knows the material, learn alot in the class but extremely hard to know what to expect on the tests even though he gives you review material, asks for extremely specific things, very nice though
Prof Lee is very manageable if you put in the work. I didn't do ANY assigned reading, so there's little homework in between test week. Tests are very challenging and you have to basically repeat the lecture to get full credit but studying pays off. If you study hard, you can get good grades. He is funny and very smart so class is interesting.
Professor Lee is a cool guy. He definitely knows his stuff. If you listen in class and take notes, you'll do just fine. He gives very clear expectations for his tests ahead of time, and is open to questions if you're confused. If you have a good attitude going into this class and actively participate, you'll enjoy it and do well.
Best course I've had at Calvin. Lee is difficult, but this is college, right? Presents the Bible for what it actually says, and makes students question what they believe. Helps students to understand the Bible, from which students can further develop in their spiritual lives. College is about seeing new perspectives; this course is fantastic.
Prof. Lee hosts a great class, but he grades Hard. That is probably from him teaching harder classes or just being too smart and having high expectations.
He really desires for everyone to enjoy the class. He enjoys what he is teaching and for the most part does a good job at it. His tests are hard but if you can find someone who took his class before that can tell you the format of his tests it helps a lot. I'd take him again.
As a person, I love him, he's so funny. As a prof, extremely difficult. He has near impossible expectations. Unless you have an affinity for religion, take someone else.
What a great prof! He's very knowledgeble with the Bible. He does have opinions, but doesn't preach them like others say. The only hard part aboutthe class is that you have to think about what you are writing, you can not just copy from sources, because they are somewhat opinion papers.
good class, hes pretty funny if you are listening. make sure to take great notes, writing down absoltutely everything he says. if you memorize those for the tests, you will do well.
great prof that stresses stundents prove what they believe in systematic logic. u do that on test and papers, he won't grade down. however in order to the info to make a valid point on a test, u better have took complete notes
This prof. is VERY smart and funny. Sometimes its hard to follow and know what the heck he's talking about. He wants you to do well but he is still a pretty hard prof.
his intelligence can be a little intimidating, but he's got a great sense of humor (although his lectures can be boring). he is very willing to help and you know exactly what he expects from you. always talk to him about the papers.
Good teacher, but VERY hard. (Are there any easy Rel. profs here?)
Entertaining to listen to, and a nice guy, BUT he takes no prisoners with grades
Professor Moes is a nice guy, and his lectures are interesting. However, when it comes to grading, I think he is unreasonably tough.
Moes is a good prof. However, his lectures are fast and make following along difficult. His tests are really hard. You have to make sure to read, look at his study guide, pay close attention in lecture, and then some if you want to do well. The class is called behavioral neuroscience but the behavior part of the class is pretty much nonexistent.
Moes can be scattered, disorganized, and hard to follow. But he is a really good guy and is great at explaining concepts and is always eager and willing to answer questions. He is pretty funny, which brought some much-needed humor to a class like statistics.
Not terribly interesting; the syllabus was clear and generally accurate. Nice guy, but I usually found myself watching the clock. Likes to show video clips in class. Likes to make jokes. He's a biological psychologist, NOT a clinical psychologist, so if you're interested in therapy-related psych, look elsewhere.
He doesn't really care for his students. He doesn't provide a rubric for his papers and is not very clear. He tries, but he fails. He presents dumb videos and wastes time.
This is a very relaxed class, as far as schedules and time-frames are concerned. The project will take up your life, but it's overall a good class. Moes sometimes is just a bit too casual for me. He wasn't always clear.
Kind of a disappointment. Teaching style didn't click with me. Overexplains many times. Knows his stuff, but class is kind of unengaging.
multiple choice tests are not very easy ... pay attention to what his opinions are because you will be tested on them. he knows his stuff, but most of the time the class was pretty monotonous. do the work and study and you will be fine
I thought i failed this class, because i never understood what waas happening. But I did really well... i don't know where it came from. i hardly learned anything in this class, except maybe something about hiding the fact that you're sleeping while he shows ANOTHER set of slides. Wonderful, nice guy but not a good prof at all.
His lectures tend to be disorganized, but he has a lot of personal interest in the topic and can relate them well to his own experience, which is interesting. Read the book and you'll be fine in his class. He's a nice man who enjoys teaching history.
Please more personality
lectures kinda boring. tests easy from book. funny guy. tells a lot of stories. awesome class.
Needs to keep his and student's personal lives out of the classroom.
He over looks students know when he doesn't want to hear what they have to say. Ignores and never acknowledges the existence of a person he doesn't like outside the classroom environment, as if he only talks to you if he's paid to do so.
He's really personable and engaging, and you can tell when he's really passionate about a poem. His advice is a little off base sometimes, and class discussion can run off course. Still he's a great teacher and I'd recommend him to anyone, especially new writers.
A lot of people recommended Shippy's class to me but I think he's really overrated. He's aggressive and a control-freak, and did not really gain my respect as he seems to have for others. He's egotistical, and sometimes there is mockery behind his humor. Granted, if I spent that much time teaching intro. classes, I'd be bitter too.
I liked Kim, but the class itself was pretty boring. Her lectures are read right off the powerpoint and she's very slow and monotonous. Doesn't give you a lot of time for your film projects and she's a tough grader, but overall I really liked having her as a professor.
You will learn a lot, but you have to work hard. After the first project, grading becomes more harsh if you're not particularly good at this stuff. She gives a lot of quizes and the class itself is a lot of outside work. She is very kind, and is always willing to give pointers. It is a very fun class, especially if you're serious about production.
Kim thinks she knows her stuff but falls flat on her face when a knowledgable student challenges her. I've taken 6 years of college and this is the only teacher that I've felt gave me a lower grade because I was above her holier than thou shtick.
Good straight forward prof. who knows what's she's talking about. Challenging
You might think she's tough at first, but she grades really easy.
Prof McDermott is very nice and obviously cares about her students, however her teaching style just wasn't my favourite. Her notes are not very detailed and a lot of time we were rushed and forced to learn the content on our own. She teaches based on textbook content, so if I took a class from her again I would spend more time studying from that
Professor McDermott was good, very easy to get ahold of and very accessible outside of class. Overall not my favourite professor but not the worst either.
McDermott is a kind person and tries her best to help students. However she often goes off on tangents during lecture or during 1 on 1 questions which overcomplicates things, making the material more confusing.
Mcdermott is a mediocre professor. She is boring and her lectures often leave you feeling more confused than when you came in. However, she does give part marks on her exams. As part of InSciTE her exams were all written questions, as opposed to multiple choice.
Ask him stories about what jobs he has had and where he has lived.
He is for real SO FUNNY! Easy grader, easy (long) MC exams. Minimum grade is a B if u show up and do anything.
He is a good professor in that he explains concepts clearly and tells you exactly what you do and don't need to know. For a lot of the material, the book is very good at explaining it, too. He also is a lenient grader (on a curve) and his real-life examples definitely make the lectures interesting and funny.
If your capable of teaching yourself majority of the material, this class is easy....would take again.
Everyone on here is being a hater. I'm taking Lindquist currently and long story short, he is the man. He lets you use all notes, homework, pwr point slides on the tests. His curve is so high that the lowest you can get is a C. His stories are interesting and makes class semi-enjoyable. Take him if you want to pass ACC212.
I don't know what all the negative comments are for, I really liked Lindquist, fun personalitly and kept financial accounting more interesting than its meant to be. Exams weren't bad, lets you use your notes and anything at all except the book, and he lets you know exactly what problems are on it. Good Prof for first time with Accounting.
You have to do work in order to get a good grade. However, he has 6 exams all open note and he tells you what is on the exam. Copy down the questions at the end of the chapter and whatever short answer examples to help you. Pretty much gives you an A in homework. You also get 5 pts extra credit towards an exam the day prior. Take him if possible.
Fairly easy class. The tests are easy and he curves them. Total waste of time to go to class, and I didn't really actually learn anything about auditting. Project takes a good deal of time, but he grades easy. Very funny and sarcastic during class, which makes it somewhat entertaining.
This guy is nice and funny. He would be fun to hang out with he has a pony tail and drives a Harley and he's honest about the accounting profession. Seems like he wants the class to be easy, but he gives a load of homework and in spite of the curve, the class takes a lot of time. Plan on spending some time on this class.
He's a very interesting guy and I learned a lot from him, but it wasn't always about accounting. His lectures pertain nothing to the exams and I actually got confused while he was lecturing more than if I just read it myself. Exams are open note and there are a lot of them so it's easy to get your grade up if you have the right stuff in your note
Great guy. Very interesting in lectures, although they usually do not have much to do with the material. Make sure you buy the book, and be prepared to teach yourself a lot. He lets you use your hw and notes on tests, which is awesome.
The lectures are worthless but he gives you answers to questions before the test and you just have to do the other half. Even the project, he gave us the answers a month before it was due. He is funny, but you won't learn anything from him. You will need the book.
Lectures are pretty much worthless. Need to teach self out of book. Not too difficult though. Can't say I really enjoyed going to class but if you're goal is to get a good grade go ahead and take him.
Gives incredibly BORING lectures! But he has a sense of humor at least.
He doesn't explain everything clearly, but he curves every exam and you can use your notes and homework on the exam, so its hard to fail the class. If I ever had to take another accounting class I would try to get him again.
He is a funny old guy that rides Harleys. He doesn't teach you much in class, and you have to read and do the homework to know what is going on. The class isn't too bad, but I don't know if I would take him again.
The exams aren't too bad, but there's an EXTREMELY LARGE amount of homework that he collects at each exam. If you don't like homework (who does?), don't take his class.
This class was really easy, all you have to do is study the book and do the homework assignments and you'll do great. Stan really wants you to get a good grade. I hardly went to class and got an A.
Lots of real world experience. Great professor. Would definitely take again. Great Master's level course.
Stan's cool, Accounting sucks....
Guy is pretty cool, but accounting sucks. Tests are easy if you do homework.
If you do the problems he assigns, you will do awesome on the tests. Hes a very fun teacher with good stories. Lots of things are optional including the final which you dont have to take, and if you do, it cant hurt you.
Class was not that bad. Tests are OK. Funny professor.
Funny. I enjoyed his class. Teaches right out of book. Easy Tests.
If you drive a saturn don't take is class
Joe works in mysterious ways, so just hang on and enjoy the ride. If you need help, he's happy to give it, as long as you've been showing up for class. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD SHOW UP FOR CLASS. If you follow that simple rule, you're golden.
Easy grader with a sense of humor. Amiable guy, good teacher.
seemed like a good teacher, but he also made me feel stupid on several occasions
This class was extremely interesting and the professor covered an array of literature. However, the class experience is dependent somewhat upon the classmates and the timing (don't ever do 8AMs!!!). Overall, good prof but maybe would look for another class.
Very tedious class, likes to pick apart papers.
This is not a blow-off course. It is pretty rough. The exams seem impossible, but they can be done. Just the same, the homework takes some time. If you put time into it, you will be fine. I found that the book helps clarify stuff in lecture that seems confusing. And it gives good examples. Go to class, the chem help sessions, and put time into it.
Engerer is a hard professor, but he will teach you a lot. He wants you to learn things for yourself. In lab, he acts the same way. You ask him a stupid question that you could have easily looked up yourself, he won't answer it. He's a nice guy who is willing to help you, even if you think he isn't. Understanding his humor is admittedly difficult.
The material isn't too tough. If you take notes and glance at the book now and then, you should be fine. He's not very personble: he cares very little about his students and their performance. It saddens me how much he seems to loathe his job: it really shows.
Pretty Standard Teacher. Nothing special, but nothin too terrible either.
I don't understand what is so bad about Energer. I thought he lectured ok. Is this an example of people confusing a tough class with a bad teacher? Maybe, but I have no experience with getting help/advising.
Had no problems- lots of work, but if you do it, you'll be fine...
all i have to say is: EYEBROWS
Professor Lin is a good teacher. He's of Chinese descent, so his accent can be thick at times. Very interesting and funny too!
Boring lectures but is a very easy grader. Tests are very easy if you review the study guide he gives you. Questions from the test are straight off the study guide.
He is not a great teacher, but he grades papers so EASY! His tests are not the easiest, but they are definitely not hard either. Easy A for me at least.
Good class, good guy. Easy grader, speaks decent English (but is hard to understand at times), but that comes in handy, because grammar doesn't matter AT ALL on papers. Many humorous moments in class.
he is a great prof, and so forth. he is not that difficult, and so forth. he is knowledgeable and has a lot of good information and so forth. he can be a little difficult to understand, so sit near the front and there will be no problems, and so forth. he definetly has a fascination with "so forth"
real easy and an unintentional comedy gold mine! "and so on and so forse..."
I cant understand a word he says. But he is a really nice guy and funny too!
A little hard to understand at times, but a good prof and relatively easy.
It REALLY helps to go to any/all help sessions he has. He also bumped up my grade significantly so as long as you make an effort you should be good. He only does examples straight out of the book so the hw is difficult bc the problems are more advanced than the examples.
BORING, talkes to the board
Be prepared for the interesting word choice, and bring earplugs!
Brad is a nice guy. He tells you you don't have to come to class but his lectures are entertaining. If you read the textbook the exams are are not hard. He gives you a lot of chances to retake tests, and extends deadlines often. He's not a tough grader.
Best professor I've had. Talk in class and he'll give you a good grade. I never did well on the quizzes but still got a good grade. Gained a lot from the course. He likes to call people out a lot in class. Very laid back. Very honest.
You have to read. Plain and simple. PPTs are online study those for quizzes. Use quizzes to study for tests. READ! Voila- you'll be just fine. Brad isn't such a bad guy and I would take him again. There isn't much motivation to go to class, but go because in the end I believe you'll be rewarded. Labs are incredibly easy.
If you want him to respond to emails you must send them through the WebCT email, he does not use the webmail.
DO NOT GO TO CLASS. Just read the textbook and take the tests/quizes online. Fill out the study guides he offers online. He's defintely a bunghole but he's not all that bad.
I've taken a lot of classes from Brad. He is who he is, a guy who doesn't care what students think about him. If you take 300 level or below courses its somewhat easy. But be warned take a 400 level course and you will be writing one exam for up to 5 hours.
could be a better teacher
Terrific teacher - when he isn't reminding you of how smart he is, or berating your inability at mathematical proofs. The last one is particularly boggling, since he's the head of the math department, and therefore in a position to insist on proof classes at NMU (of which there are none). I feel bad for the people that will have him for MA 211/265.
His lectures are really fuzzy. His tests have problems that are found nowhere in the book; but if you ask him for help, he can usually clear things up a little.
I find that he gives to much information in class, and does not leave room for much in the wayclass participation. He will not give me a straight answer when I ask him a question. He does not explain, even when asked, what subject matter will be on the quizzes.
Hard to understand at times, but he will work at the pace of the class. He doesn't explain things very well, and expects you to know quite a bit about math before you take the class. He got frustrated with my class for just that. Avoid if possible.
Doctor Professor Ghulam Jailan Zalmai, Junior, Ph.D. is tha man!!!
I've also had her for 112 and 211B. She is clearly crazy, doesn't keep up with the syllabus, and changes things around. She assigns a lot of reading, especially in 112 (We had 6 or 7 books). She is not a tough grader, if you try a little you will do well. Always late, never absent, horrible with technology.
She's a good teacher, very interested in the subject material, but she has a temper that gets in the way sometimes, which is quite scary when that happens. Other than that, show up, do the readings, pay attention, and you should not have a problem.
Has a passion for mythology, she is sometimes hard to follow but tries to keep attention. project are just for fun, essays and tests determine grade. I enjoyed this class. Relatively easy class, but don't take it unless you have an interest in mythology
just go to class and do the work and you should do ok we got out of class early everyday
She can be mean a lot of the time, but she is fairly easy. The assignements are boring but if you get them done on time she will like you. If you have an early class she is usually always late, but did bring the class bagels once.
Very scatterbrained; often goes off on tangents; sometimes discourages class discussion by lecturing constantly. It's an easy class with interesting books, though.
Take her online course. She's an easy grader, and also a good teacher. I learned a lot from teaching myself, and the good grades helped.
Hard to understand specfic assignments. But is very understanding. Take her summer course.
I took the online course, and it was a little disorganized sometimes, but easy and fun. She seems nice.
Very new age, a bit flaky, but a very caring and understanding prof
He is a tough grader but I learned a lot in his class. He gave me a greater understanding of Literature. The only complaint is the couch in his office. He wants you to sit below him so he feels higher than you. He does have an Ego but who doesn't? However he does not give A's.
very good professor. he knows his stuff. he made the class quite difficult, and it was really frustrating at times, but my writing improved so much. I got a lot out of this class. hard work is rewarded, you actually LEARN.
The right man for Shakespeare
Can be entertaining, but his sense of humor can be annoying. Very intelligent!
Be prepared for his class to be a little scattered and just go with the flow, keep an open mind, its an art class. He has a great interest in what he is doing which was difficult to follow at times but looking back on it shows more clarity.
He was very outside the box but the class was easy. I did not take a art class sice middle school and still managed a B+. If you are able to laugh take him as a teacher. I though it was fun.
i had visual structures. cappucio is daffy and it's easy to make him think you like him. i learned a bit, but that's just because i'd never had a drawing/painting course before. projects are silly some of the time. lectures are rambling - not concise.
I heard all sorts of scare stories before having Mr. Cappuccio, and let me say that they were all extremely inaccurate and harsh. I can't count the number of times he's found positive things to say about complete crap.
Very hard to follow during class. Didn't really like that you had to teach yourself and then learn the "correct way" after you turned in the assignment. However, she was very helpful after class. Homework took HOURS and HOURS.
A fairly good mentor, good presentation skills.
the only "intellectual suffering" you will experiance is the intellectual blue balls you will receive from having to follow the outlines and not be able to express concepts. she will tell you what to do after you turned the assignement.
Tough class. Learned a lot. A bit hard to get past the attitude.
unclear, goes too fast, expects students to be able to keep up. hard to talk to outside of class, books are AWFUL
knows her stuff but teaches like the students know it already too. if you listen/learn fast and already have a good understanding of math, she's good. if not, no.
She puts you in groups based on your skill level, this actually is the most useful thing in class. Most of the time you will be teaching each other rather than her teaching you. She is a good professor though and can be helpful. The class is hard and conceptual be prepared to study!
An overall terrible course. Not necisarily her fault but showed very little enthusiasm. Very boring and not very applicable to teaching math.
she's not that bad and is great 1 on 1...the class requires a lot of studying!
Best of the Elementary Math teachers I had
The only grades in the class are three tests, so if you do bad you're screwed. Also, the lectures are rarely actually finished in class because he welcomes too many tangential questions. He also has office hours which act as another lecture, if you don't go you will miss out on lots of information that he doesn't cover in class.
Lots of pop quizzes that will mess up your grade, even if you did the reading (also, you can't ask for the quiz answers). Says he'll give extra credit but then only offers 2 chances that don't save your grade at all. He is not very approachable and will make you feel dumb for asking questions. If you're not interested in law, don't take his class.
He is super tough on the class and has random pop quizzes that are really tricky. He also is terrible to athletes that have to miss class for athletic events and does not let you make up any points. Claims to give lots of optional extra credit exercises, but only gave 2 out which were worth nothing.
He is a good professor that teaches the material well. However, do not email him asking for help or a question you have about a grade. He will be extremely rude and make you feel bad for asking. If you think you are right about something, don't bother, he is never wrong.
McCrory is extremely intelligent, but he tends to get a bit scattered during his lectures. His exams are brutal, however, he is always willing to answer questions and help out in office hours. Getting a good grade in the class is difficult, but he is a great professor to learn from.
Professor McCrory was my favorite teacher ever at IU. His class was very difficult, however he made the concepts fun to learn. Take advantage of his office hours...you get a lot out of them and they are a lot of fun.
probably one of the most entertaining professors i've ever had in one of the most demanding classes. make sure you read and take decent notes because he'll blow through the material fast as hell.
do some work and youll do fine...
Lectures are sometimes confusing but she is very nice and will help you if you need help.
Although the material might be confusing at first, remember that much of it is simply a different mathematical notation for a concept that you've probably already learned.
I thought she was a decently friendly and helpful teacher. The other reviews underrate her a little bit.
He's fair, down to earth and remembers being a student.
Really liked her. She's super sweet
She's a good teacher but its hard to know whats on the tests or what to study
Lola had a lot of knowledge, but as a teacher, i felt like she picked her favorites and wasn't equally respectful towards everyone, whether it was intentional or not. I didn't really like the structure of her class either.
Lola is tough, but she does want you to succeed. She is very willing to work wi
She seems like a cool lady, but runs her class like a jail.
She scarred me from ever taking another english class. The method or "assignments" she gave actually made writing essays easier. But she doesn't take your opinion unless it complies with her idea. Don't think about raising your hand because most likely you'll be wrong! And if you don't respond to questions you'll suffer the "my voice hurts" lecture
She is so-so, requires the writing cente rand office hours. Which isnt bad but she doenst have many office hours at least for my semester. Not to much time on the essays, but she leaves such good comments that it isnt to bad. She is very opinionated so stay away form any controversial topic in your essays.
Requires going to the writing center twice and seeing her in her office twice during the semester not too much reading very little time to do papers ex. rough draft handed back tuesday final draft due thursday essays relatively easy ignore her politics and dont bother trying to convince her of your opinion just agree with her and shell like you
He is a very chill professor, i had him for intro to theatre, as long as you show up for class and actually attempt to listen and participate he truly is a good person. His test are not bad is you listen to what he says during the classes, some stuff can get a little dry but otherwise still a good class.
He's a great person. He's a really hard prof. In class, he expects a lot of studying and paying attention. If you are not doing either, you will be get slapped by the midterms and finals.
READER CARES ABOUT THE THEATRE DEPARTMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Theatre is the only major he cares about and some people love it!!! YAY READER!!! HE LIKE THEATA MO' THAN ANYTHANG!
Pretty boring in class...if you ask him to repeat something for notes he repeats and then goes on and on when you just ask for one word. On tests he takes points off if you leave one word out on the short answers.
boring but you dont get a lot of work which is good
how could you not like a guy whose first and last names rhyme? he's extremely knowledgeable but his classes are pretty boring. get on his good side by showing up for class and doing the few (if any) assignments. take notes and you'll be fine.
Never taken a class with him but this guy is the biggest piece of garbage you will meet. He fears confrontation and seeks to bring people down at all costs. He has ruined the college experience for lots of people.
he is a scatter brain he is at 2 places at once.
Unless you already know how to use Final Cut don't take this class because you won't learn anything. Too much unnecessary work just to please him, but you'll be fine if you don't mind doing everything he says...on the plus side there are no tests.
So so class- Some of his definitions were not that clear, and some of the exam questions were strange. But Bor is a funny guy and class was always interesting.
Most guys complain about him. I guess he tends to favor females. He has a pretty mellow teaching style but knows what he's talking about. Don't expect a lot of instruction in 242. Overall, one of the better Media Arts teachers.
Interesting guy. Very funny, but sometimes detached. An altogether good and memorable experience, however. Learned good, solid basics about directing and cinematography.
Media Aesthetics Rocks!
vauge. lectures were intresting. pretty good advisor.
Projects unclear & uninspiring. Great help though
hey he's cool
She tests really hard and makes sure that you are always busy, I have had her a few times and I think her classes are a little involved. Every once in a while it seems that she is overly busy.
Funny, sarcastic humor. Be prepared to be picked on in class if you have a funny name or are in a fraternity/sorority. However, he testes us on material not covered in class or in lecture and did not give a retest for this unfairness. If the test is over assignmed material, it is pretty easy.
If you love steven king novels take his course... Almost every class he uses gorry examples about peoples ears being cut off. And he also uses students in his examples which can get annoying really quickly.don't talk and he won't use you in his examples.
this dude is soooo funny. He tells stories for most of the class and I laugh my arse offf!!! His tests arent that hard either
The lab never has anything to do with the graded assignment they give you at the end of class and is way harder than it has any right to be. I don't think that is necessarily the professors fault though. If you ask for help he wont really answer your question because as he says he doesn't want to give you answers to the assignment.
The hardest part of this class is being quizzed before going over the material. You get 3 questions and they count for almost half of your daily grade.
He's willing to help if you have trouble with an assignment.
Each day is worth 220 points. 100 points 3 question quiz, 100 daily assignment, and 20 participation. Labs are easy. Quizzes are NOT. My advice: type up the important information for the quiz the night before to study. Assignment grading is EXTREMELY SUBJECTIVE with no rhyme or reason so ask him for help a lot. Keep track of ur grade throughout
3 question quizzes at the beginning of every single lab, miss one and you fail! He doesn't run the labs, 3 ladies do, and they do so pretty efficiently. The labs themselves aren't too hard, but the quizzes will bring you down fast.
Students teach lab but is very easy if you study for quizzes. Three question quiz every week over the chapter you are starting. Make sure you spell everything correctly or he will count off points. Assignment are easy. This lab helped me when it came to test for lecture.
Quizzes are three questions long. Need book to pass.
He is never in lab! I seen him one time this semester and it was the first day of lab. He lets other instructors, which I believe are students to, to conduct the class. I guess not having him around is a good thing but I rate him as a professor, bad.
He does not teach his class, as stated before, but he is very involved with his TAs. In class he is very to-himself, but if you happen to run into him outside of class he is a very nice guy who pays attention to his students [even if you didn't know he was]. Make sure you have your lab manual everyday and follow the syllabus. Study your manual!
You meet him on the first day and never see him again! The TA's are great! The class really isn't that hard; participation is key!
Dr. Sullivan is an intimidating individual. I see him as he circles the room answering questions and sometimes you're so afraid to say anything for fear he'll think you're a moron, but as soon as he gets to your table all the nerves disappear because he's so helpful. He smiles and laughs and cuts up-granted he keeps it to a minimum-but is still ver
He set foot in the classroom once, and that was the first day. He's very intimidating. He doesn't seem interested in the students at all. The grad students who teach the actual labs are nice for the most part. A few aren't very helpful.
If you have a night class, he will be there. Gives a quiz every week, and you have to study for them. Gives extra credit a lot. Will help you if you ask. The class overall was a little challeging.
Where is he?
the quizzes are not easy and kinda confusing i guess you have to study the book a lot more than i do but the actually labs arent too bad. he will help you fi you ask question but he might make you feel a little stupid first
Has his assistants teach. Saw him for 10 minutes on the first day. Really depends on which TA you get. Mine was really nice and helpful, but the quizzes were hard. Didn't learn much. Just don't be absent and make sure to study; passable.
Sullivan is a pretty cool guy. His Lab isnt too harsh but the thing that will kill ya are the quizes. He doesnt teach much in my Lab considering the TAs run the place. The teach the lab and help out throughout the class...not too bad of a bio lab
He's never in class. He has TAs teach the entire lab. The quizzes are pretty easy because you know exactly what to study each time. Yes you actually have to put some effort into it, but its not that hard. Don't really know what to say about Sullivan since he's never there.
VEry hard course, must study alot. Passible
He is never in class and the TAs give the quizes. Make sure you study the slides off of WebCT and you'll do fine. The lab final is comprehensive and requires an excessive amount of studying but if you understand the material you should do fine.
Very hard class study!!!
TA's taught and were awfel...very hard lab
good teacher
READ THE BOOK. Try and take the best notes as possible because she talks about 100 different things in one lecture. If you like a prof that talks non-stop for an hour then she's your prof. You have to be willing to put the effort in going to class and going to her office to talk to her (SHE LOVES IT). What helped me was going to her office hours!
I had a hard time with Dr. Malpass, her class is lecture and reading based, and the tests are very difficult.I would recomend going to her office hours after every test to talk to her about it. She doesnt grade on a number system, and her tests 99% from the book. Use FLASH CARDS!Thats the easiest way to study, dont take her if you dont have to!
She is hard to follow. It's pretty boring and her handwriting is very hard to read. You get no outline on what the test will be over..she will just tell you to read the chapters and your notes. In truth if you do that you'll be fine.
I would say take her, she makes you feel like your getting you moneys worth. Just come to class, take notes, and spend a lot of time on the Cleos eye project
She is a nice lady but test are very hard. I took notes in class and studied hard but still made a D. Not a good class to take if you dont like history
She is a good lecturer and is knowledgable on many subjects, especially British history. I did real well in her class, she was very fair
She is a delightful old broad but she's not very clear about what she wants on tests. I loved her lectures and she's willing to help if you ask. I'm making a B, but it was hard earned. Easy if you are a history major.
This Professor is very hard, however the class is very interesting if you are a history major. If you arent then stay away because the average grade out of her students are C's and D's
interesting, take good notes and read and you will do good
Have to get it yourself-- no extra credit
He's sarcastic and funny. I like him but he's not easy. I would definitely recommend him. He'll help you if you have any difficulty!
pretty good professor ... biology's not my subject, but i seem to be getting it with him as a professor ... can be a bit confusing sometimes, but overall he's pretty good
A very nice guy, but his expectations can be unclear at times.
pro. jaspers is the most sweetest professor anyone could ever want. He is easy going and laid back. His lectures are very long but he allows a break in between. He gives HW every other day but the HW doesn't get checked for accuracy. He really cares about the students and if they are getting it. Take some visits to his office every now and then.
I've always hated math but Professor Jaspers makes it really easy. I really like that what he teaches is actually useful. If you ever have any questions, he goes out of his way to explain it for you. I highly recommend him.
He is really easy. He gives you study guides for the tests and makes sure you know what to study or know how to do on a test. He gives handouts for calculator stuff and always is helpful when you have questions. take him.
Wierd, very hard, kind of scary. Picks favorites from day 1.
She's an interesting woman. I learned a lot in the class, the only downside I'd say is that what I learned was mostly about what 'she' thinks. It's more a class on how to be like Prof Powers..and lectures really stray off topic. Really nice and caring person, just kind of a weird class
Yes, she's opinionated. Yes, she will fail you and eat you alive if you come anywhere close to cheating on church visit reports. But she makes class interesting and is very easy. Felt like a high school class (seating chart, review sheet with terms to know for exam).
Powers is very intense. She definately knows her stuff when it comes to the Bible. So long as you do the assignments, you'll be fine. The workload is pretty heavy though, so if you don't like doing out of class reading, don't take her classes.
many faces of pentacostalism: I learned alot about pentacostals, not too much about anything else. She likes to make huge generalizations about non-pentacostals but I do appreciate her efforts to have you visit other churches in the area.
Dont bother with rel 100 with her, it not fun. But definately take her for 200, its a real good class and interesting too. She's opinionated, but a good teacher, and as long as you keep your mouth shut, you'll get an A!
Best thing I remember about her is witnessing her get hit in the face with a frisbee at the "hole" in back of Dewitt Center. (This happened 2x while I was a student.)
class seemed to be mostly her personal soapbox and the final assignment was a little unclear.
Uncaring!!! Her class is easy, but she's just on a soap box.
I love Dr. Coleman. She is a brilliant woman with lots to offer you. The class it what you make of it. Do your work and you'll be fine.
this class will be what you make it. if you want to be a suck up just to earn a grade you will be fine. but if you have an opinion that differs from hers, regardless of how well you present your case, you will not earn as good of a grade. her grading is also much harder than most other e110 teachers, so I'd say avoid her to save your gpa.
**** and only gives you a good grade if she totally agrees with you. Go against her and you will be lucky to get a "C". very unprofessional.
Narrowminded black feminist. Everything is about race, not english. Hard grader
not a class to sleep through but easy as long as you put in effort
Need to paricpate, very passionate, if you go to office hours very helpful
my class=zero A's despite high avg. a few A- (need to participate annoyingly).
Good teacher. Makes the best out of a difficult class. Willing to help if you put in the effort. To succeed, review class notes and study soon after each lecture...this helps to keep up with her lectures.
very hard course - not her fault - lots of material
I've been taking Spanish since middle school, so I didn't find the class difficult. I took it for an easy A. But if I didn't have prior knowledge I probably would've struggled. She never went over anything and just told us the activities to do straight from the textbook. Participation is worth 30% and she gets upset when students don't participate.
Super harsh participation grades so make sure to raise your hand a LOT. The study guides really prepare you for the exams which is nice. Lots of online homework but it's pretty basic and you can work ahead. Wish she would write down the in class assignments because she only really mentions them once
Sometimes she made me feel stupid for not understanding the material. Overall, not that bad of a class though; as long as you do the work and study a little youll be fine.
she likes you if go to class and participate, but if you are absent alot or you are quiet she is likely to grade you more harshly. Remember to pay attn. during oral projects because you get tested on them
I was looking to minor in the spanish language.. Until I took this class. I failed every test no matter how much I studied. I attend every class and talk to her about my exams and she pushes me away saying lets see how you do the rest of the semester. I hate this class! You will fail and she won't negotiate even if everyone's failing.
Great person. Made class enjoyable.She will tell you what will be on the exams. Overly Lenient.
annoying.
nice enuff but kinda psycho. don't make her mad. she will yell and insult the whole class if you don't know what she's saying. not the best idea for an 8am.
Pretty good teacher...not the best but FAR from the worst. She is helpful and you can get extra credit if you need it. If you prefer to just learn material and be left alone in the back DO NOT take her class.
OK CLASSE! TIME TO DANCE SAAALSAAA!
He is so nice and will answer any question,no matter how stupid. He did a flipped class and I loved it. He gives out quizzes which are 90% multiple questions and shows videos. He keeps the class interesting. You have to study to do good in the class.
He doesn't give homework so your grade is based on how you do on tests. He gives you material before every test so you know what to expect on in. He grades the essays on tests very hard so make sure you explain everything in detail. He uses pictures which helped me learn better.
He doesn't give homework. All of your points are earned through tests. I had my essay question marked down 5 pts because I didn't indent my first paragraph. It was otherwise an A essay and lowered my test grade to A-. Just don't forget to indent folks! Even if the essay is written on the back of the exam.
This professor does a good job at teaching the information however, he is a very difficult grader. I'm not saying this because I've been slacking, I have not been. This is the first class I have ever had where I've gave it my all and still got a C and he seems to play favorites on particular students. If you don't kiss ass, good luck.
Prof Krieger is actually a really nice and is willing to help you if you need it.His class is difficult, you need to go to class and take notes,he only covers some topics in his lecture packet and he leaves some topics for you to study on your own, so make sure you study it before the test because it will be tested on, study and you will pass
he expects you to know alot of information...im in BI 121 Lab with him right now (fall '08)and its alot of at-home work everyday to stay cought up but its not too hard if you put in the time to learn the information. i would not recommend him if you dont know the ways you learn best. (visual, auditory, flashcards, pictures...etc.)
He is an incredibly intelligent man, but his tests are absolutley ridiculous. He wrote his own book about anatomy and uses the textbook, but some of his questions would be out of neither of them. You have to keep up with this class every single day or you will not do well. If at all avoidable don't take this class with him.
He is very good at explaining things if you have a question, but he is very tricky when it comes to test taking.
I had him for lect & lab. He's better for lab. I liked him most of the time. For tests he can be very vague. He's very tough, kind, cocky, and strict. I'm an A student, I had to fight for a B. Over half of the class dropped for lect & lab. If you want to learn and work hard, take him. He loves q's.
His tests are hard. He likes to put at least 6 fill in the blanks. I do like that he uses and overhead projector for note taking. He is a friendly teacher, but strict, because he wants you to understand concepts and not just memorize the notes. Only you can decide if he is a match for your learning style.
Is this teacher from Forest Hills?
No matter how effective his method might be, he's still a huge jerk. It's all about mind games for this guy. If you like abuse, he's got it for you in spades. He's a PhD jerk. He knows what he's doing and he's no dummy. It's frustrating because you know it's all intentional.
Great lady!There is one required book to read for this class, "Bed Number 10"- it's a very good book. She isn't clear as to what information she lectures is "required to know" for exams. The content is easy, but still study since the exams aren't always easy. Exams are short answer & multiple choice. We had to write 1 paper and do one group project
everything is the same with the textbook but he requires attendance for a 200 people class and you need to sign...
He made it very clear that he did not want to be there teaching this class. Lectures are useless - just read the book, your knowledge of the textbook is the only thing thats tested. Overall one of the worst classes I've taken
Not toogoodoverallMarketing isOK.Fin. stmt.section isn't helpful,considering that COMM201covers everythin COMM180covers about f/s,with no assumption of prior knowledge,and esp.since virtually everyone taking COMM180 takesCOMM201.Tests are unreasonable,considering that lecture material and book probs are basic.Not horrible, but it needsimprovement.
Take the afternoon session if possible. If you take the morning session, go to the afternoon one except for test day.
Very broad subject matter, some of it quite boring. He kept me awake and was quite knowledgable but does go off on tangents. Often guest lecturers. Tests are very hard but curve is HUGE so don't worry too much. Remember, nobody in the COMM school gets < B.
You must study for the tests to do well. However, he curves the tests and definitely helps you get the best possible grade for the semester. For example, he will drop a mid-term to your advantage. Not a hard class if you keep up with reading and put in effort.
There is a lot of reading for homework, and the tests are very hard. But he curves to your advantage which is nice. Class is definitely boring though.
More about accouting than any other aspect of business, does not really give you a full perspective of what business entails. Boring material. Atchison is funny and entertaining. Computer labs are relatively easy but also boring. Curves are high
so funny in class but tests are really hard.
Super Nice Guy....really bad subject to teach
Glennie is TOO SMART. She should be a DOCTOR herself. She talks WAY OVER YOUR HEAD alot of the time. I started this class with 20+ and less than half went on to the next class! Start studying right away and DON'T STOP!
While he is a very kind man, he is not the best professor. Coupled with Organic Chemistry, I suffered hard in this class with my studying actually carrying me through. Go to class and he speaks a lot, but it is very confusing and he doesn't explain what I need to know too well. A bit of improvement would help immensely!
He's a nice guy but it was a pretty boring class overall. If you aren't someone who already likes math and science, you probably won't like the class. He also assigned a lot of homework.
His class was good he makes himself accessible to the students. He explained the topic well and he knows his stuff but he his lectures where boring.
Fossett is a good teacher. He explains things well and is soooo funny! Clearly loves chemistry, which makes you want to listen even more. I recommend him!
Knew his stuff just a little confusing. Too long lectures! Otherwise very concerned with your success.
Dr. Fosset always reminded me of a badger. Make him laugh because his laugh is hilarious.
I took Wrestling With God in a quad format, horrible! So time consuming. There is no textbook, so very detailed notes were needed in class, then the books assigned were dense and the seven page papers about the books were killer. Definitely not for anyone who does not have a philosophy background.
GAHHH this class was so over my head :( It was very interesting, for the most part. But don't take his classes as quads, it's too much in too little time. And his tests are REDICULOUS! The final was 20 essay questions. I consider myself a decent student, but this was just hard hard hard :/ Decent prof, willing to help, just hard. Good luck!
Well I had heard the rumors, but I'm a good student, so I didn't pay them any mind. I should have listened! While I did earn an A-, the man is terrible. He assigns a textbook, and disagrees with the author, hates Islam-thinks it was invented because Mohammed was "mad" at Christians! So, if you believe in religious tolerance, do not take this class.
His papers and tests are insanly hard, but you will become a better writer from the papers, that's for sure. Not as quotable as Marko, but still keeps class very interesting. He does a better job than Marko with meeting the needs of majors vs. Gen.Ed. students. For me, hard to take notes from.
Dr. Marshall is a great guy,but his class is hard! I'm not a Theology major, but I found his class to be interesting-the discussions can be very profound. Wasn't happy with how he grades papers, but if you write good notes from his lectures and study, the tests arent' too bad. Bring your quote book!
He gives an interesting lecture, but his tests are hard, very hard, even for theology majors (I shold know). He is also very sarcastic about people who do not follow the Roman Catholic tradition, and can be very hurtful to people.
Everyone told me I was insane for taking this class with this professor as a quad my first semester here. I would have to conclude that they were right. I am insane. He will kill you in this course and enjoy doing it. Overall, though, it was good.
Quite possibly the most difficult class I have had to take at AQ. Marshall is interesting and helpful, but the class is very difficult. If you are looking to learn a lot and work your butt off, this is a good class for you.
You can learn a lot from the class -but, as many others have already noted, his opinions tend to cloud much of the discussion and lecture. If you are Catholic, you have a good advantage -but, don't bank on it.
Class is challenging but informative as well. Marshall is a good instructor who expects students to work hard. However, Christianity was taught with more passion & conviction than the other religions studied.
He is the reason why I am no longer a theology major.
Hard class! Its a general ed class, not masters course in Theology!
She is a very nice and understanding lady, although her lectures can drag on a bit sometimes. Her tests were fairly easy for Humanities, if you just studied the lists it was exactly what was on the test.
She isnt the brightest lasy, but tries to relate to students.
Need to miss class for good reason do not ask ahead of time Just miss + say sick
Great profesor in terms of personality. Class can actually be fun and entertaining however she is extremely unrealistic in her expectations for the papers in the class. you learn a lot but its very hard to get a good grade unless your an english major! like lockyer hate the way she grades
Really nice person and I like her, but did not like the class at all. So much dense reading about French history and philosophers, you don't get enough time to read and actually understand everything. A paper and/or speech is due almost every class. Grades are mainly participation and your papers. Lots of outside class work and research.
Rivas is a really nice person and I like her, but did not like the class at all. So much dense reading about French history and philosophers, you don't get enough time to read and actually understand everything. A paper and/or speech is due almost every class. Grades are mainly participation and your papers. Lots of outside class work and research.
Lectures are too dense, powerpoints are too vague, study guides are general and tests are specific.
Rivas is really nice and I really like her outside of class but she is a super hard grader. She is the kind of professor that thinks that a B is a grade to strive towards. She is very willing to work with you to improve, but her class is really hard. Especially for a GE.
Dr. Rivas is definitely passionate about her stuff, but she is very hard and lectures a lot. It can be tedious and boring, and she lectures really fast. she expects a lot of previous knowledge from her students. Prepare to work hard for a decent grade.
She was my freshmen seminar teacher. She expected so much from her students and was not feasible; she assigns so much work and she's such a tough grader. Plus, does not give her students enough time to prepare for papers. Rivas holds her students at a really high standard and her class is interesting but not worth it.
Bush himself is such a sweet old man with a passion for space; but holy christ are his tests hard. He writes the questions himself, and even though they are open note they are incredibly hard to finish in time. You only get a minute per question on exams which is really unfair and gives you no time to go through your notes.
Not disagreeing with any other posters but this was a hard class overall. Not enough time for tests and quizzes. I am a 4.0 student but this class was unbearably hard for a 100 level course. If you want an easy course look elsewhere. Got an 86 but syllabus states it's still a B.
Professor Bush is a nice guy, but his lectures are very boring. However, me not being good at science, this was a relatively easy class. Go to class and get the daily points and you wont fail!
Has great enthusiasm for his field and often gets carried away with himself when talking (adorable in a sense). He is older so he is often very proud of himself when he does something new in his slides. All tests are off of his slides. Have no homework, just study a lot for the tests. You can miss up to 4 classes with no repercussions. Nice guy.
He gets a little off topic in the lectures, but does explain things really well. He gives participation points on worksheets, but only if you're in class. No homework for points, but it's good practice for the exam. Similar questions show up from the HW. Lets you use a note card for each exam.
Although he seems to be very knowledgeable on the subject, I was hardly engaged in his class. It was strictly lecturenote based and tests. Personally, I feel that it could be improved by including hands-onupdated resources and supplemental materials.
Rather easy class. Show up everyday. Take the notes from his power point and you'll be good. Everything that is on the test is covered in class. He also gives out 4 points each class if you show up and do his assignment (if you do it you get the credit)
Although attendance is not mandatory, it is recommended that you attend class to receive the points he gives you for the in class exercises (24 total, only 20 count). He knows what he is talking about and all his material is on the test. I recommend anyone needing or wanting to take Astronomy 105 to take it with this professor.
A really nice guy; I'd highly recommend him if you're going to take Astronomy at EMU. You get the opportunity to learn without having to worry about your grade much..
If you take his notes the class is a breeze, he's a good prof. and knows his stuff, these people that are complaining are nuts i guess , you get to use a notecard on all the exams and he's pretty good at explaining things so theres really no reason to complain
He tries to make it fun but it's still extremely boring and pretty hard. Grades are based off of quizzes and tests which aren't the easiest. Be prepared to take a lot of notes!
HE WAS AN AWESOME TEACHER, REALLY PASSIONATE ABOUT WHAT HE TEACHES AND MADE PHYSICS EASY TO LEARN! PAY ATTENTION TAKE GOOD NOTES AND YOU WILL GET AN A AND HE IS EXTREAMLY HELPFULL IF YOU DONT UNDERSTAND!!!
He was an ok professor. He wasn't very interesting to listen to, butIf you go to class every day and study for the test, you should be good. Also, the class is structured in a way that it is easy enough to improve your grade, with lots of quizes.
Say what you want about Birr but the guy is hilarious. His exams consist mainly of questions from Gleim. Lectures are typical. He knows his stuff. Although he may not be the greatest at teaching, he's pretty funny in a way.
Overall Professor Birr was a good professor. A201 is a very hard course, but he knows how to explain the information well. The only issue I have is that the exams are written and taken with another professor. There were lots of differences between how the test was written and the way he taught us. Wish he wrote his own exams.
Prof. Birr is a very nice guy & very knowledgeable. This class is HARD & will require A LOT of YOUR time. He does NOT give study guides & he expects you to do all the homework exercises, review lecture problems, the weekly quizzes & also practice the Gleim Book. If you Do NOT procastinate & work hard, you may slide with a B or C thanks to his curve
Professor Birr is amazingly knowledgeable in Accounting. His teaching style is not for everyone, you feel as if you are teaching yourself. But, if you read the book, review and practice his lecture notes and as many book problems as possible before class, you will be successful. He gives ample opportunities to ask questions in class, take them!
This instructor is very knowledgeable about everything to do with accounting. He can answer almost any question accurately and clearly. His tests are very difficult and will require a lot of studying. Buy the study guide and use it a lot even though he never uses it in class. Many test questions come from the study guide book.
Professor Birr is extremely knowledgeable about accounting. His classes are not easy but if you pay attention in class and study you will do fine. He generally has a generous curve in his courses. He is funny and personable if you take the time to get to know him. However, he will call you out in front of the rntire class if you're unprepared.
Although Professor Birr's class is difficult, if you speak to him outside of class he is very helpful. The people that find him challenging and say he "can't teach" are those that probably do not read the material before hand and do not have a passion for Accounting. If you come to class prepared, you will understand the basic concepts.
I thought he was interesting and helpful. He is like a walking book on the CPA exam, quite impressive. Would take him again, for sure!
If you want to be a CPA, take Birr's class and be ready to put in the time. If you are just getting an accounting degree because it coincides with finance, find another professor.
If you get less than a C+ in Martin's class, you won't pass the CPA anyways.
Professor Birr is a serious professor, and he does not suffer fools gladly. If you are looking for a class that you can just "get through," this is not the one for you. On the other hand, if you appreciate a stern professor(and you either agree with his politics or can ignore them), Birr's class might be for you. I actually enjoy it.
I have had 'Marty' for a lot of classes, and when I got there, I really couldn't stand him, my opinion has changed. I am about to graduate, and I realize now that he is the way he is because he gets so many courses to teach, he literally doesn't have the time to be hands on. He has helped me more than I could ever write here. See him in the MBA?
I actually didn't mind his class. How ever boring accounting may be, I thought he was pretty good at teaching it.
ok - knowledgable
Very intimidating teacher - not an easy class at all - I took this over the summer, we literally did 15 weeks of work in 4 weeks - a TON of work. Not always clear. Tough teacher but is willing to help as long as you put forth 100% effort. I busted my butt and only got a B-
Dr. Harrisons latin america classes was by far the most intresting class I have taken. I love the content and the powerpoint presentations, but I don't like the way he structured his midterm and final. He had 5 terms to id, 3 essays and one mandatory essay for the final, which I think is a little execesive.Would recommend barbir for non-western
Powerpoint. Powerpoint. Powerpoint. If you love powerpoint, this is your class, if you find three hours of powerpoint a tad mindnumbing I would suggest another class. Other than the powerpoint he is a great teacher who is very knowledgable.
Incredibly knowledgeable-I was a little intimidated. Hard grader.
He told me if I used AI he would use a guillotine and chop my head off. Also he likes to drink from coconuts and that is weird. Not to mention he told us to drop the class at least 5 times on the first day.
All exams are paper. If you know history, This class will be easy, if not, it might not be. Dr. Nartey is a nice guy, but the class was not organized very well.
Nartey gets a bad rep but he's really not a bad guy. Can be very intimidating at first but he really is just a big teddy bear. Go to his office hours for help or if you miss a class and you'll see this. Just read the textbook by when you're suppose to and don't miss any of the few assignments and you'll be fine. 3 short essays
I just had Dr. Nartey as a professor for a summer course and honestly, I have mixed feelings about him. He is a really good guy and means well and has a lot of knowledge he is excited to share, but does get off topic a lot. He isn't great at giving feedback, but makes it very clear with what he's looking for overall which is helpful.
Nartey is definately rude to some students. I can see where he is coming from because he wants everyone to do well but sometimes he comes off as arrogant. He's better off keeping his mouth shut. Fortunately, his class is such a breeze. He tells you all the questions to the tests in advance.
Professor Nartey is a professor who is very strict and can be harsh if you aren't doing your work. He assigns readings each week and expects you to read them and calls people out for questions. He lectures very heavy. All tests/quizzes are essay format and one large research paper.
Prior to entering this class, I checked out Dr. Nartey's reviews, and got scared. I don't know why he got such bad reviews, though. He's a bit tough, but if you actually do the work, and participate once in a while, you'll do perfectly fine.
Tough Grader. I would not recommend him to very many people unless if you are a big history buff and you absolutely love the minute details. However, you do learn a lot in his class if you do the work.
Dr Nartey is not as bad as i thought. He does talk about his PhD a lot, and how he lived in Ghana, but he isnt that bad. If you do the reading, you will be okay. Quizzes are not that bad, however he does grade them a bit harshly. Also, his research paper is challenging, but he does read it in advance. If u have to take him, just partiapte and read
Professor Nartey seems to be a very knowledgable man, although he is sometimes unclear with his notes/class discussion, if you do the reading and actually TRY on his numerous writing assignments, you'll do fine. Participation in class will help your grade sufficiently. People who rated him poorly are probably overall poor students.
Doesn't teach during class.."read the text, and come to your own conclusion", he jumps around so much in class taking notes is useless...they won't make any sense when you re-read them
i liked nartey alot. people say he loves africa, but i think if he was white and said the exact same stuff, no1 would even notice. hes a nice guy.
i have cried over this class many times.he is always insulting everyone in the class.he tries to emphasize the importance of volunteering answers, but then when you do, he insults your answers.Almost critical to a fault.nice sometimes, but not often.
Spends too much time criticizing the class instead of teaching it. Tough grader
hard to understand, easy grade
Difficult to understand, but well meaning
Had him for West & World & Dutch Roots of NY. The lectures are pretty boring, just goes through power points. Study guide for midterm and final with a ton of terms, but if you know them the tests are straightforward and fill in the blank. He's pretty lenient on grading the tests too. He's one of the nicest professors and is hilarious. Great guy.
Father Dan is a great guy, but his classes are an onslaught of powerpoint presentations that never fail to ignite a heated battle between you and the powerful temptation of sleep. Sometimes, sleep wins. However, his midterm and finals are supremely easy.
If you are not a history major, don't take his class. I have taken so many classes at Siena and this by far is the most BORING class I have had to sit in. He talks to you as you are a history major, and expects you to know all of this crazy information. Easy but really really boring! Take another professor if you want to stay awake!!
The class can be pretty boring but quizzes are fairly easy. I studied my notes a lot but I didn't buy the required texted book and still got a good grade in the class. He is always willing to answer questions and uses real like examples to help you understand things. You have to write a page paper each chapter but its an easy 5 points.
He is very boring so if ya like to sleep you will like this class.
Tests are very easy!!!!
This class was honestly a waste of my time. We did nothing important in the class and she just repeated herself throughout the year with the criteria we were learning. She is a very easy grader and you don't really have to pay attention in class or participate if you don't want to.
Interesting class and her lectures were interesting, but she does not seem to take the time to get to know her students. She places a large percentage of the grade on participation, but hardly gives students the chance to do so. I don't think she knows my name despite participating whenever given the chance and coming to every class.
failed his class despite going to him for help regularly
Only four tests the entire year and a lot of them seem to be really rough so far.
Hot but really arragant and wonders why he can't get a date. He says obnoxious sarcastic things to woman like he looks down on them! He will be an old lonely retired teacher!
Everyone seems to really like Doc Reed, but I thought he was kind of rude, or even mean every so often. I still think he's a great professor though, and he really knows what he's talking about. But if you're not REALLY good, be prepared to be yelled at.
Don't take this class if you want to spend (literally) hours doing his assignments. Overall, this course wasn't too difficult but take your time to read the materials/readings. The final wasn't bad, and he curves the grade too! He takes FOREVER to post grades on d2L, and he seems to be very busy but he makes an effort to assist students.
He is obviously interested in the subject but may be better in research. No feedback provided on grades until after class ended. Will respond quickly to questions but focuses too much on technologies available.
ok
Shes a feminist at best but, if your not a history major this class is excruciating to get through some days. And is very lecture heavy so dont go to class is youre often tired.
P. Gonda was pretty good, it's hard to rate her person since I took her online history class. There was a quiz every week and you have to do a lot of reading in order to be prepared. The worst part was the occasional LENGTHY free response questions for the quizzes but other than that, it was a pretty average class. The final was extremely easy.
She is a very passionate and intelligent instructor. She made the class interesting. I felt that she took on too many outside jobs as well, so she did not give her full attention to teaching. Our class got behind and we didn't do all of the things we were supposed to. She's a good teacher though and provides study guides for every test. Take her!
Look, Sue is very knowledgable in history, and she does express her passion! The class was interesting, but her problem is that she has a very unfair grading system! What she expects from students is unreasonable and completely unfair! I worked by butt off, and barely got a B! You can try taking this class, but good luck and study real real hard!!!
If you don't like to read, do not take her class for a winter intersession. I didn't care for her teaching techinque. She told stories a lot and for me, that was confusing.
Unorganized, knows what she is talking about. But, only likes her own opinion.
unorganized, but cares about her students. An easy class
Unorganized. Don't know grade and its finals wk. Final only for c&below people.
I got an A in these courses, lecturs are bit tangent and unclear.
Easy A, but lectures are a bit scattered, not too focused!
Ok, so you show up to class and your like this guy is pretty cool. so he makes alot of jokes and relates the stories back to the material. then comes the midterm. were he'll tell you one thing will be on it, then it isnt on there and 2 people get a grade above a C on the midterm. there are 15 people out of 115 now. good guy ridiculous class to pass
this class is damn hard! He expects a lot out of his students and his tests are really hard. He is a very good proffesor though and knows a lot about economics. If your not willing to work your ass off do not take this class. He's a pretty cool guy with a crazy sense of humor, stay away if youre easily offended because he can be brutal!
It's called a textbook. Do you know how to read one? If you do, you'll do fine in this class.
You will do well in this course if you have a good attitude The lectures are clear and he adds a lot of current events into them. I suggest introducing yourself the first day as he is very friendly and helpful. I suggest you have study groups before the exams as talking about the material is helpful
Hardest C I ever earned. He offers a retake during the following semester for students who aren't happy with their grade. He makes you think and work your butt off!!
DR. CUMMINGS IS THE HEAD OF THE ECONOMICS BOARD. BEACUSE OF THAT I THINK HE FORGETS HOW MUCH HE KNOWS AND HOW LITTLE WE KNOW. HE NEEDS TO ADJUST HIS TEACHING CRITERIA
In the beginning he says its a challengable class, and you can't really sit on your ass. you need to know the mathrial like the back of your hand. Help? Well, he always has two tutors helping him that usually has study groups. I didn't fair so well.
Entertaining guy but you have to teach yourself in order to do well on the tests
He is a very funny guy, not the best teacher, but if you came to college to learn, than he is an excellent teacher. He's hard as hell, but i have learned a **** load.
He is a very had teacher to alot of people, but the real problem with him is he shares his communistic views of the world alot. Tests are very hard, study.
Loved his lectures. However, his exams are insane- not from lecture or text.
Cares about her students, wants everyone to succeed. Classes are very fast paced. Knows her stuff very well, and can be very helpful, but you need to take the initiative in getting help from her, or she will fly through the stuff clueless that you're lost
The class is confusing and there is a considerable amount of outside work. This class wouldn't be so difficult if it were my only class, but I have other classes and limited time, so it's hard. She goes really fast too.
she moved SO fast in this class.... I know alot of the students were very lost.
He will randomly call on you and expect you to know the answer, and gives random pop quizzes
Ethics - Knowledgeable prof, but sometimes hard to understand the point he is trying to make. Uses a lot of hit or miss analogies. Personality is hard to get a read on. Really nice guy, but will not hold back with a snide comment or two if you do not get a question right. 7 unannounced quizzes on readings, 4 papers (graded harshly). Grade: C+
Nice guy, out to help his students. But needs to find himself a wife!
AWESOME DUDE!!! He is honestly the man, he's easy to talk to and always around to help out whenever you need anything. He now co-teaches the class but he still does a lot.
He really tries. He cares a lot about his class and his students so I really wanted this class to be a lot of fun. It's simply not fun. But it can be rewarding if you put in the work and practice. He is all for giving extra credit or having class outside. You just have to interact with him.
He is a very nice person. However, he always speaks English and this is a concern for a French major like myself. I feel like I'm making no progress whatsoever in my study of French. Again, really nice and he means well. Love the accent too.
His class is easy because he only has you do 4 essays including the final essay but each class period is soooooooo boring! We just discuss readings and he mostly talks about them. Everyone is class just sits there and is bored.
Teaches straight from the book- no mind of his own. Class is pointless- anyone can learn from the book, the point of a class is for the teacher to teach it. He also interrupts you whenever you try to speak.
He's a very nice guy only 3 papers, just show up for class and read what u are writing your paper on and you'll do fine
a very nice lady, however you better agree with everything she teaches. if you're not religious overall, this isnt going to be the best class, but you gotta take it!
nice person-tough teacher
He cares a lot about his students, but just make sure you do the work and you won't have to deal with him. His class is easy, but he cold calls people on the homework assignments. His essays L O O K easy, but it's impossible to get an A; he's really picky with the organization and the formatting, but he gives great feedback and always lets you know
His lectures can get boring but they are exactly what we read so the material is understood. He only gives a few quizzes and papers. Reading assignment every night with a question that needs to be briefly answered. He can be a tough grader on the papers and participation is important but there is not much work involved with this class.
Very smart, very nice, but in my own opinion, just taught the stories read instead of their meaning, so I didn't find the class too great, but I can see why others like him.
He told us that he promised the schoo admin not to allow students to DRINK nor SMOKE IN CLASS ANYMORE
My girlfriend had Barclay for Abnormal Psych. I tagged along to one of his classes out of boredom on day, and ended up going with her 5 more times. The guy is entertaining!
Overrated. thought he was cooler than he was
Talk about explicit!
Wheeler is crazy. Literally. He'll flip in class if you read... even if you think you're being sneaky HE WILL SEE YOU and his reaction will scare you. It makes him pretty unapproachable, but luckily the subject matter is great. His lectures are interesting. Dont buy book- take good notes.
Really nice guy.
A very entertaining lecturer with an impressive knowledge of the subject. Is genuinely enthused about the subject and wants his "scholars" to be as well. Also an exceptionally hard grader; papers and tests are NOT easy...I found it necessary to study for about 20 hours for the final. Fantastic if you like the subject, but do NOT take for an A.
It seems the more I know him the harder he gets. Professor Samons is a mostly honest, diligent professor who holds many office hours. He has high standards though to the point where he rarely gives A's. He's tough, a bit unfair, and his classes generally border on being overwhelming. Not a GPA booster.
Very engaging lecturer, but don't take the class just for a divisional if you have other, more demanding classes for your major that take priority. I'm used to science classes with 55% exam averages and thought I was in good shape when I got an 80 on the exams and papers. Yeah, not so much =/
He's a pretty good guy, although I think the class does a pretty good job of inflating his ego. What bothers me is that he doesn't give out his e-mail. I was afraid to e-mail him. The class is pretty interesting though. YOU MUST LIKE TO READ. Be prepared to suck.
DO THE READINGS. You will drown if you don't. And if she sees you don't read, she will not be very nice.
Work horse, unfair grading, narrow minded, wench!
Tests are all open book open note so make an example of the problems he tells you will be on it and you will be fine. He threw some curveballs on the final
Tannen is a star. Which is why so many ppl take this class. But, she fails to impress with her boring lecture style, the unstimulating content of these lectures and the tedious busy work. Some professors only teach because they have to. I bet Tannen is one of them.
I was so excited for this class, and it was awful. She is incredibly egotistical and class is just useless- especially the discussion session. Nothing new after the first 2 weeks. It was very easy, and even though I like that usually, I felt completely unchallenged. Most of my friends in the class felt the same way. she's done a lot, but AVOID!!!!
stop being so hard on her...this class is beyond easy. you have to read but you'll always get a's on everything...and its fun, you get to talk about your life all class
Super clear in teaching, posts ambiguous and long homeworks, midterm was too long for the designated time, and I don't recommend taking courses with him unless you don't care about your grade.
Very enthusiastic, interesting, test are too hard, homework is not too bad.
He teaches well. His notes are pretty good and understandable once you go home and take you time to look at them (it's tough to understand him in class because he goes so fast). Assignments and Labs were a killer, but midterms and final was reasonable.
I agree with below
let's just say.... i'm not getting a thing he says! his so called "easy" is my "impossible"
Lucky ****s with the power outage...math 400 was the hardest course I've ever taken! I think devoting 25% of the course to modeling traffic flow was a bit silly.
His lectures are unengaging, disorganized, incredibly uninteresting ramblings on some vague subject of the text. The course is not well organized, our session having gone 2 days behind within the first 2 weeks. . He'll occasionally respond to questions in a slightly condescending tone. I will say, though, he is very knowledgeable.
Lectures were not engaging and active in-class participation makes up 10% of your final grade. Dr. Endo is pretty fair at grading, but a little hard. Lectures mainly consist of discussion on texts so since essays are 50% grammar/style/composition it's important to have good writing skills prior to entering the class (you won't learn how to write).
I enjoy english, so I found him alright, but if you don't like the subject or aren't interested in the materials (nice mix of poems and plays and books) you'll probably find him really boring and the course kind of complicated. Nice guy, not super heavy reading, but he does make you work for it. Interesting materiels!
His marking scheme is tough
Prof Endo's lectures are interesting and insightful, but make sure to sit near the front to hear better. I enjoyed the class even though I'm not a fan of poetry. The novels were very good (all classics).If you work hard for this course, it is possible to do well.
His classes are quite interesting and clear. There are a lot of in-class discussion, which I personally enjoyed. Homework and readings are minimum (Yeah!). Not a very proactive helper, but if you ask he will gladly help. In terms of writing, you do need to put in effort. Your marks might not be super fantastic, but they will be reasonable.
took english 110 in the summer. I was worried because I read that he was a tough grader, but it just really depends whether your style of writing is to his liking. He's a nice guy but his lectures can get boring sometimes, probably because of the course material itself.
A little confused by all the comments saying he's a hard marker...I didn't get an amazing grade, but I found his marking completely reasonable and what I expected it to be. I appreciated that he kept the assignments to a minimum and loved the panel discussions we had on our argument essay questions. He is a little on the quiet side, though.
Hard marker. considers a 85% to be the best of the best-so good luck on getting a high mark
He's a nice professor who cares about his students. He's also good at explaining concepts, but he is a very tough marker and you'll need to put lots of effort in your papers to impress him.
Hard marker.
Paul Endo lacks charisma and objectivity, two important qualities which make a teacher "good". He is probably better suited to post-doc research studies rather than a classroom environment. Discussions were grueling under his guidance, and criteria for evaluation is based on stodgy academic premises. He does not appreciate the creative essay.
contrary to popular opinion, the course material does explore interesting and subtle methods for writing. I'm not a perfect writer and I am willing to work hard, but he bashes your confidence with devistatingly low marks regardless of your effort. If you are afraid of thorns, don't take this course. (FYI, look out for anagrams or pseudonyms.)
He is a little inconsistent with his marking. But one thing is very constant: if you disagree with him, odds are you will not do well. If it doesn't compramise too much, just research topics in areas that you do agree with him, and magically your mark will go up...
he's really hard, but he was nice..i dont think he cares about his students tho..he's just there to do his job
his class is fun but he is a hard maker. his midterm is quite hard (the questions are not asked in the way dat i expect) his final is easier than the midterm. overall, his class is alright.
I certainly didn't enjoy any of his classes, but I didn't find them or him difficult in any way. His lectures are just boring, that's about all.
I didn't find him difficult at all, and I NEVER found him to be rude or egotistical. Sure, his lectures are sometimes dull, but nobody's perfect.
Does that weird thing with his nose and lip fairly often, which admittedly, tends to grow on you. He's really not as difficult as everyone says he is -- some profs tend to rub off on students the wrong way. He was in fact, quite complimentary and wry.
Very hard prof. Don`t be surprised if you get a low mark in his class. He is helpful if you make an ppointment and go see him.
Very helpful if you see him during office hours. Marking is fair (not tough at all), and he give specific opinions on marked papers. Overall, nice professor.
he is nice. he makes correction on students's essays. he doesn't give immediate e-mail reply, usually a few days later. he is helpfull if you go to his office hour.
Very smart guy, but does not recognize ideas other than his own.
One of the killer english profs.. who says he's easy?
Best teacher the ed program has.
If you have her for 310, ask about Classroom Management plan at begining of seme
Can ramble at times. Tells a lot of stories and can get off point. He definitely knows his material and is very well respected. His instructions can be very confusing at times. Overall a decent prof.
Too much of an expert
SPAN401 is a fine grammar review, but I found the class to be a waste of time. We mostly learned a little vocab and went over the subjunctive a million times. I recommend taking a more interesting course. It's easy to do homework in class and the exams are fine. He is tough about attendance and participation. Show up and talk to get a good grade.
He's a really nice guy. We did a TON of online work for this which was a bit tedious but definitely helped in the long run. Examencitos every 2 weeks, but they are not that challenging if you've been keeping up with the online exercises.
He is really enthusiastic about Spanish and really wants his students to understand the material. He's a nice guy. His exams are pretty much straight from the homework. His class is boring and he isn't an expert at Spanish, since German is his first language.
To be fair, his heart is in the right place. He cares a lot about the students, and remembers you. But when it comes to teaching, the 400 level class is a joke. We spent 2/3 of the year reviewing what I had learned in Spanish AP. He speaks in English almost the entire time. A nice guy, but not a great class at all.
Very nice man but not that great of a teacher. Very unorganized and is never confident that what he is saying is right. If you want an easy class where you don't learn anything, take him. My spanish has not improved at all, and for a 400 level grammar class he speaks in English ALL the time.
the class was ridiculously easy but so hard to go to everyday. he was so unorganized and taught me nothing i didn't already know. the class was an absolute waste of my time
this guy cracks me up...so nice, funny, and laid back...take him
Cool dude! Loved the class and actually learned something this time!
he likes NRTL
Good Prof.
Covers material quickly, so must be able to write very fast! HARD exams!!
arrogant?
He was funny until after the midterm then meh. Went on about how the school system sucks instead of trying to be proactive about this and try to make a difference. His examples are hard to get & often makes arithmetic mistakes. Tests on assignments and class examples. He was okay but I guess I liked that he wouldn't BS us & is very blunt & direct.
Funny guy. Doesn't give answers to practice midterms and practice final, but the answers aren't always easy to find in the textbook. Exams are pretty easy though, and you'll be fine as long as you're not absolutely terrible at math.
Really tough examples. He is very entertaining and a genuinly nice guy but I really struggled in his class after graduating high school with an almost perfect grade in calculus. He expects you to know what he's talking about. not recommended.
knows ALOT, gives real life applications
No homework was nice, but final was 55%. He's a nice guy, a little bit confusing but you get the gist of things. It could just be that ring theory is an inherently confusing topic. Really do recommend this course, very useful in logic and math.
He spoke clearly with a slight accent, and was very comfortable in front of the class. As long as you go to class you will get a good mark. But be careful, because he is very strict and when he catches you with your cellphone in class, he makes a big deal in front of everyone. And he does not let you sit beside another classmate or talk to anyone.
His exams are so easy, took a nap during one and still got an A. His online assignments are awesome and the class isn't curved so don't worry about averages. He does leave out little details because he's taught for so long and forgets to mention them. No hw so do good on exams. I thought he was funny but it an awkward weird way. Annoying sometimes
I really did not enjoy his teaching methods, it would be better if there were assignments to help boost your mark and also keep you practicing.
Easiest prof ever! One of his midterms was right from the homework, and his other midterm and final were very easy. His written notes are poor, as they are mostly just examples. What he explains out loud is important and makes better notes that what he gives.
She's pretty scattered most of the time. I appreciate the lecture notes though. However, as a professor, mispronouncing many biological terms should be inexcusable. (If you went to Crestwood Jr. high and had miss chorney you'd know what Merrill is like.)
she was pretty bad-rushed at the end so got really messed up. but don't blame her for having to teach the most boring course. It's horrible. don't take it you don't have too!!
she had no clue what she was talking about, she couldn't answer very many questions. but she prepared us well for the exams and the exam difficulty was alright. there was just so much to know. read the textbook, and use the notes only as a guide of what you need to know cuz they have mistakes
She can't answer any questions, she says that it's "out of [her] field" and that she's not the most qualified to answer it.
She slightly over-complicated the material. Powerpoint was good, but too much. She often mispronounces scientific words, as if sounding them out for the first time. She is good however, on finding answers that she doesn't know.
She needs to learn how to pronouce the names of whatever she teaches!
Tries hard but major gaps in important knowledge. Lacks respect from class.
Tries hard, willing to answer questions. Gives online notes & uses PowerPoint.
"This is the hardest exam I have ever given" So I would say he is really funny but really hard.
Honestly, some of his jokes distracted me. Most were good jokes though, with a few "failures" and nonsense. Attitude to student differs, could be very helpful as well as very bad attitude(my friends' experience and mine). I would say he's a ok-p
He's a jerk. Don't talk to him outside of class.
He's definitely entertaining, but doesn't really stand out when it comes to teaching the material. Shouldn't be an advisor -- doesn't care enough about the students as individuals.
he's a good lecturer but that's it. He can't handle criticism... When he screws up an assignment(almost every assignment), he won't admit he did anything wrong... and i agree, his jokes are bad
Microsoft jokes get old after a while
compassionless hypocrite
same old jokes
Smart and funny; pretty good prof.
Sometimes unprepared, generally good prof
Entertaining,funny prof(with social skills!). Makes a difficult class enjoyable.
Just so-so teaching CS 240 - possibly because it's the first time he's taught it
Can teach, but arrogant. consider dance
entertaining, doesn't tke any shit from those "I'm smarter than everyone" types
praised him in 241; ! in 246
I loved this class. He is a really nice professor and is pretty cool. I wish i had him again. Loves to talk about 'the good old days' of the Electronics Industry.
He is crazy...class is easy, you can sleep in class..dont learn much..goes too fast with overhead notes with no explaining...but issss crazy so its a toss up
He's a sweet old man, and will talk endlessly about the good ol' days of industry. You can even get him to take up the whole class with it. Just make sure you have the prerequisits down and you'll be ok.
Very smart guy, but definitely not a teacher i'd recommend
Not as bad as everyone makes him out to be. Extremely smart, and he does like to look smart. If you try, you will pass.
Teachs us one thing, Gives us a test on something totaly different.
Funny teacher, fun class, labs were a bit rushed... by the way all of you who are moaning, you shouldn't be in college if you fail a physics course if the teacher lets you use a formula sheet for every test...
Fair teacher although tough grading on the tests
Sometimes confused about certain things but overall a good teacher.
Hes real sexy and hes a great guy, but if you have him for both classes.......
The Professor has a lot of experience and can connect with some of her students really well however she does have a particular sense of humor that not all students enjoy. if you ask she will answer, which is how it works in college, although some people dont seem to figure that out until its to late.
Seems like she can be pretty difficult at times, expects you to know a lot.
She wasts a lot of time but gets through the material. If you try she is fairly ez/forgiving. i didnt realize how much i learned till i was out in the world needing the knowledge and somehow just new what i needed to know. not helpful in labs so find a buddy and tough it out, have her check work and than do it again cuz you will have it wrong.
Lectures are a bit boring, although has some funny stories about idiots
Tests are mostly common sense. I looked at the book like twice. Easy grading on essays. "YES???" can get pretty annoying. Just go to class and listen. A really easy B/B+ class. If you do even a little work you can pull off an A.
Not a bad teacher, Has her own style of teaching
This woman is The Plague. She has the most annoying verbal habits known to man. If your interpretation of something differs from her own, you are wrong. Grades essay on a check mark scale, as though we were still in elementary school. I can't stand her.
all she says is "and". she sucks at life
Friendly and not difficult, always extended due dates.
easy A+ if you can get your work done!
I love Jones as a person. He's a great guy. He doesn't really have a filter, and that leaves people very uncomfortable. If you have him for University, don't think you'll be able to fly through the class with crappy papers and projects. He grades everything HARD. And this is just a freshman intro class. But he'll also always be there for you.
Very funny, cool guy who loves his students. Yes, he is very hard, but you learn so much and have so much fun doing it that it's worth it!!!
She can sometimes be difficult to understand, but if you do your work and come prepared than theres no reason why you shouldn't do well. She's always willing to help you out in anyway she can.
Fun and easy to learn from and very personable
Very sweet, tries hard to stay interesting and fun; this can occasionally come off like a kindergarten classroom atmosphere, though.
Good class. Test are extremely confusing. Hard to connect lectures to the book information. This is what makes the test difficult.
He is really funny & the lectures are usually interesting. He does a good job of bringing in outside information to keep the class relevent. HOWEVER, the tests tend to be wordy and pendantic. Like he is going out of his way to make them tougher then need be. Also, his power points are confusing & poorly put together. Go to class and read the book!
He is a sweet guy and is really interested in what he does, but the way his powerpoints and lectures are set up are kind of boring, and the tests are difficult because the material from the book and lectures are a weird mix. The class is bearable and if you attend class (attendance not mandatory) and try to study you should be okay.
If you take him you really need to pay attention and study up on your stats.
good lecturer, but the class is crap and he takes it way to seriously. Ridiculous amount of work - most of it useless - and unless you do things *exactly* the way he wants you to, he'll take off points. The ones that will do better in this class are those who memorize and regurgitate, rather than try to understand the material.
Very nice and helpful. You need to work very hard, he gives out lots of assignments and essay tests. You need to study a lot for his class and sometimes you might have to neglect other classes. He is a great prof, but expect a looot of work!
He's older than sin. He rules.
I LOVED Diggles!! I took him for all my history classes and he told you EXACTLY when to pay attention cause it would be on the test. I wish all professors were like him.
funny guy, easy class --- DIGGLES!!!
I LOVED Diggles... He's so old and funny. He comes across as not wanting to teach "children" but will tell you to pay attn when something will be on the test. I took Diggles for all my history courses !
Great Teacher
Honestly, I wish this guy was my grandpa. He's really a sweetheart. However, he is not a great first year teacher. He switches from topic to topic/problem to problem, making him extremely hard to follow. I was good at high school chemistry and did awful. If you came in with a high AP score, then you will be fine. Be prepared for quizzes (curved)!!!
Chemistry is hard in general, but Dr. Snipp is always willing to help outside of class. He is really funny and has a lot of good stories to tell. Just do the work, take notes, and ask for help and you will be fine. ALSO! TAKE EARLY CLASSES with him because he goes off topic less in the mornings!
great teacher. kind of hard to follow, and goes off on tangents all of the time. but he grades on a curve, so you dont have to do that great on the tests... you just have to do better than the other people in your class. he's very funny, and if you get on his good side, this class isn't that hard. it's a lot of work and studying, but its doable
If you have any issue with Chemistry, or have no background... this class is HARD. He isnt the clearest in lectures, but go in for help and he tries to explain things clearer. His tests are pretty hard and all multiple choice, study his practice tests and the chapters. He curves the grades. Just study A TON, and see how you do. Labs are VERY EASY!
1) He really knows his stuff 2) He uses a curve - top 5 As, top 1/2 Bs, rest go down from there 3)He is pretty disorganized in lecture, but if you study the book beforehand, you will get something from paying attn (rather than taking notes and expecting that to be enough) in class 4) Final exam (ACS) was easy 5) Very nice man, willing to help.
He's a very nice person, but it is an extremely hard class. He is not very clear and tests are very difficult. He expects you to know everything already and doesn't teach basics. If you need help, he is willing to talk to you and try to help, but I didn't find his advice helped me. He is really nice and funny, but I wouldn't recommend taking him.
Moves through material pretty fast; tests are pretty hard; but you are challengesd and the ACS comprehensive final seems pretty easy compared to his exams; you never know what to expect on a test
Very fun and interesting guy, but also can be very confusing. you just have to learn how to study which has improved my overall college studying skills. like i said great guy, but not easy
He is a really great guy, but I found his class to be extremely confusing. He teaches very fast, and sometimes is not clear, and his tests are difficult. Be sure you have a good study group and ask lots of questions individually.
Humorous, not a very restrictive course guideline, some self teaching involved..
I would avoid taking him honestly. Class is an easy A and Whipple is a good guy. I was just disappointed when we spent half of a 1/2 semester-long class on business writing reviewing basic grammar from sixth grade.
Every week, you turn in an assignment worth 10 points - generally one page responses to something he has you read or view. His directions are pretty clear on what he wants. You write five papers/projects and turn them in. He gives (fairly vague) feedback, then you revise two to be graded for 150 each. Follow the directions and you'll be fine.
Very nice guy. Mostly on-line course, but he was available quite a bit. Pretty easy class with weekly responses to questions and 5 papers to write. I would take again if I could.
Dr. Stone is a really nice lady, and the class isnt to difficult. Do the studyguides and you'll be fine. Going to class is a waste of time though cuz the tests are straight from the book.
Expect to work your butt off for this class. The tests are really hard, but if you read the book and memorize all the bold words, you should do alright. Seriously, you wouldn't even have to go to class...it's pretty pointless. The paper was hard for me, but that's probably because I didn't even think about it until the night before...
lecture is really good, she takes the time to explain things and is open for questions. tests are a little tricky with wording, but if you study you will have no problem. very important to do the reading: test questions come from reading and notes!
First test was easy--nothing impossible ifyou studied...makes me wonder about these other ratings...not that tough.
Fantastic in lecture, but her tests are a killer. Nonetheless, you learn your stuff. She is also open to having you help with research if that is your thing. I would recommend for a psychology major, and would not recommend for others.
Do not take her unless you are an actual spanish major or minor. She has very high expectations and allows no room for error and it shows in her grading. She is a nice person but way way too harsh for people just trying to fulfill magis. Her exams are hard and the work load is a lot: 3 hr assignments and two quizzes about every week.
Harder than it should've been, majority of the class failing tests, no curve, super good/fun in class, but when it comes to tests/quizzes me and classmates all struggled and she said we made "stupid mistakes," would avoid but not the worst.
There's a difference between being a good person and being a good teacher. The grading criteria is so unclear, I had to work so ridiculously hard on this class only for her to give lack-luster feedback on projects. Would not recommend to anyone.
Profe Stommes expects a lot from her students. A LOT. This class is VERY difficult. Spanish is a class where you learn from your mistakes, but Profe Stommes grades everything with no exceptions, and your grade may evidently suffer. However, she is a great person and I hope I got more out of this class than I think, but my grade did not reflect that
she is kinda hard if you don't work your ass off, id reccommend taking her if you want to learn and stay involved with spanish for an extended amount of time, but not as a business requirement
A little eccentric and tells the same stories multiple times, but not a bad class. Sometimes hard to sit through class.
The book is unnecessary, but you learn a lot. It's not a book/lecture/test class. When she lectures you just need to listen to learn. It's about the experience rather than memorizing facts. You must be willing to have fun with it.
Good teacher
Really easy class as long as you take notes and show up. She is a little quirky, but remember she is a Theatre professor, and if you ever have any doubts take a look at the things that she has accomplished in her career, you will be amazed.
she's not so bad. just attend class and take some notes and you should do well. don't talk b/c then she'll hate you. Also if you volunteer for assignments she'll remember you in the future.
"Study guide" only covered about half the final. Take notes constantly and you'll be fine. Treats everyone like kindergarteners!
Cavarozzi is a very interesting professor. I had no theater background and was a little intimdated, but she made class very enjoyable. You'll get a good grade if you try hard and show genuine interest.
doddering old drama queen way past her prime. She loves to drop famous names during her long long stories that are supposed to pass as lecture. still, she is an interesting curiosity worth listening to... like a crazy great aunt at family reunions.
she is really really hard.gotta work hard to get an A
I took this in 7 weeks and it wasn't difficult. The class consisted of 7 quizzes and he drops 2 lowest grades. Also, a business plan you put together in groups and present. All together it was a decent class and I liked him as a teacher.
Extremely difficult class, but you will learn a lot of you're willing to do the work. He will help you if you ask for it. I don't understand students complaining about him not taking work past the deadline. That's why it's called a deadline - get used to them, they have them in the "real world" too. Some classes aren't always going to be the easy A
Beware of the B's
I think his class was pretty hard but no harder than any other accounting class...just do the homework and listen in class and you should do fine. He is very fair and does not want anyone to fail....I think he is a really nice gug
Mixed feelings. He is not the nicest guy in the world, but he is actually pretty fair. He is not the easiest to understand, but the tests are fairly easy. If you just go to class and take good notes, then you will be fine on the test.
Yes, this prof is a character. He was actually funny to me. He is very nice outside of class and helpful. The tests weren't bad either. Just studies what he teaches and nothing more or you'll get confused. He can be a little cutthroat but I liked that about him. He's no worse than these other professors. I enjoyed his class. Really did.
Don't Believe some of these whiners, he wasn't that bad at all, you get all the material, all you have to do is sit in class and review his handouts. boring but effective, drops a test, and he was pretty helpful about making up a test that I missed, An average teacher and a decent guy.
i did much better in this acct. than financial. all the info. is outlined, you do need to teach youself the mat. boring most of the time, but every once in a while some egyptian humor kicks in. i would recommend him. drop one test, quiz, and excel prob
If you have an 89 in the class, you will get a B instead of a B+. I don't think that is very fair
Her class is pretty straight forward. However, she gave me a B in the class when I had a B+ average...didn't that was right.
Good class, 3 tests, 1 non cumulative final all multiple choice. No papers or projects, all you have to do is bring examples, and read the book. Usually go home early everytime. Take her.
seems perpetually sad - did not explain much
Nice guy. Kind of quiet and you need to listen to take notes. Tests are pretty fair. Essay wasn't too hard. Lab was really hard and brutal, horrible markers.
pretty good prof. and a really nice guy. one of the few profs who actually cares about the students.
He was a really nice guy, I never dealt with him one on one much, but in class he was much more relaxed than Miller. Definitly better than taking Garbary(aka easier). the labs though were ridiculous, it was impossible to do well in that.Hope they fix that
I sat in many lectures wondering what Phylum we were talking about, he's sorta all over the place, but overall not that bad. Definatly better than Gabary if you are chosing between the two for Bio112. Overall interesting class.
He was a good prof for the most part, but could be very unclear at times. The lab component of this course was absolute b/s. It was hard and the markers were unfair. Spelling deductions were a lot!
JBN can be somewhat unclear during lectures. He provides an interesting class, and fun lab sessions. A good prof, and a great guy but be prepared to do a LOT of independant learning to try and decipher lectures.
good teacher, class follows with lab, class makes more sense if you read the book
JBN is Great! Tells interesting stories that will help you remember his lectures. A fair marker, but you have to read the text.
JBN was a great teacher he enjoys what he teaches and that makes all the difference. he does mark hard but fair overall good teacher and good guy
way better than Miller is all i have to say
He has a strong accent, but he is a lot better than A.M.
hard to make out his writing ont he board, just another prof
I fricking pulled off an 84 on the exam?! Jeeeebus!
Rob is a very caring guy. Though he is great, his lectures are no help for the actual content of the class. He teaches unnecessary stuff that is not on the quizzes or exams. He marks relatively easy though. If you took Calculus in high school you will do fine in this class. If not, you are probably screwed.
He is a nice guy. He taught a lot better than Apaloo I thought. I could understand calc much better with him. I think his quizzes are a lot easier than his exams. Just pay attention and take notes should do fine even though I got a 55 but I passed.
he teaches the class as if everybody is a genius in calculus. its VERY easy to get lost in his class. he's a pretty cool guy though.
A decently good prof.
whoever marks his assignments are unfair, and when he talks to the class it's the same volume as most people yelling at the top of their lungs...still, good teacher, could be worse
okay prof his markers need help though in making marking fair all the way through.....weird when you have the same answer as someone and one gets it right and the other does not.
Dr. Haskell has been one of my favorite professors since I got here. He knows all about the topics and can answer any questions you have. That said, he expects a lot from his students. He has weekly tutorials and wants his students to learn, not just pass through a class. Only take his classes if you want to study and actually learn.
Had him for an entry seminar. Lots of reading, essays were graded HARD, but material was fun and he helped it by being interested in it.
unclear in questions asked,
AWFUL. SOOOOO BORING. EVEN THO ITS ONLY A FEW ESSAYS, ITS NOT WORTH SITTING IN THE CLASS ALL SEMESTER. REALLY.
Dr. Carl is an excellent person and really knows her Latin, but you have to be pretty self-motivated to actually learn very much! But the class experience was actually pretty enjoyable!
Great guy, but the amount of papers he had us do was not worth a 200 level class and doesn't realize students are taking other classes. half way through the semester I stopped looking at the syllabus because he kept changing things. he also has you write a 8-10 page research paper at the end worth 35% of your grade using 15 sources
Dead great
decent teaching. the key to doing well on his exams is to memorize the practice exams on the website...many of the questions and their multiple choice answers are taken directly from old exams. didn't learn too much beyond basics in chem 111
he's great at inspiring the uninspired....that being said, he lacks understanding and everything else that makes a truly great teacher
Amstutz is an interesting prof who takes some getting used to. He tells stories A LOT, some of them more applicable than others. I wish he used the readings more in class, since they ARE on the test. He is extremely caring, and realizes that his subject isn't the only important thing in life, which is nice. He was worth taking for a class.
He is a really nice guy but gets off on tangents
I liked Dr. Amstutz, he has immense personal experience, and teaches through stories-- you must read the book to do well in the class.
While Dr. Walters was an excellent professor, the course itself was severely frustrating. Quizzes were tough (the final was particularly excruciating) but Dr. Walters clearly wanted every student to feel the class was well worth their time and I wish I wasn't quarantined for as much of the course as I was. :/
Dr. Walters is clearly passionate about the class material, and his lectures were fun and engaging. We had quizzes every class period, and the quizzes were a bit difficult as the questions were not about central ideas, but rather focused on specifics. Overall, I enjoyed the class, and I learned a lot of meaningful things relating to wellness.
Such a great guy, pretty good prof, but his unclear quizzes and tests are what got me a B instead of an A. Though even if I got a C, it would be worth it. Great experience to be in Wellness with him and I truly learned a lot about how to be a healthy person- gives great life advice- TAKE HIS CLASS! 5hr required exercise per week keeps you in shape!
I took this prof last year, so things may have changed, but I personally did not enjoy his class, or his method of teaching at all.
Best guy to have for wellness, makes it fun and easy, he looks like Tom Sellick.
Expect to give YOUR OPINION and support it with facts. If you can do this the class is easy if you cant it is tough. That is how Dr. Joy's classes work. Dr. Joy is like the grandpa everyone loves to visit. There is never a dull moment in his class. He loves his family, his career, and football and they make up a good portion of class discussion.
man acct. Hardest A I ever got, tests are curved which is good unless you have a bunch of Acct majors. GO TO CLASS if you go and take notes it can be done, if you skip a lot you WILL fail. out of 40 who started last semester about 18 finished. It's hard, his tests are REALLY hard, but he curves BIG, kinda likes to get off topic, but he does care.
Tough but a pretty decent teacher
He's a really chill guy who tries hard to make a mandatory class interesting. It's a big discussion-based class, but because of this his tests are pretty confusing. He posts all of his lecture slides online with his own notes underneath and basically just reads from them in class, so if you're ok with missing discussion then attendance is optional
Wednesday night 7:00-9:30 seems rough but it's really not that bad. He usually lets you out early. Great professor, always keeps things interesting. You watch a lot of clips & have thought-provoking discussions so make sure you go to class otherwise you will miss out on important test material. Make sure you read the online readings for the test.
this class was basically smad 101 all over again. just as boring, just as pointless. Reynolds is a nice guy, his tests are hard though. Don't study, it won't help. Just expect to get an average grade in an average class.
Ok, Reynolds Good, SMAD 301 BAD! 301 is the worse excuse for a class, a rehash of material that was previously covered in the other prereq courses 201 and 202. This is a pointless waste of 3 hours of life. Reynolds does what he can with what he is given, which is not much. I HATE 301, so USELESS!
This was his first semester teaching 202 which is why I think he went easy on grading. Keep up with readings because he doesn't always announce quizzes. Drops lowest quiz grade. Had to work with a partner for 3/4 projects and you get maybe 2 weeks to do each of them. Tests aren't that bad. The projects and homework are the stressful part.
He's really knowledgeable about what he teaches and is firmly rooted in teaching through experiences. Your grade is basically a LOT of out of class work with some reading quizzes but he offers extra credit and is open to helping if you ask for it. He's pretty chill and I would definitely take this class again if I could!
Not very open or helpful. Can be very defensive, which can make learning anything difficult. Not very constructive and quick to create an opinion on a work and has trouble accepting different viewpoints or ideas.
knows his stuff and helpful outside of class but expects alot
So overrated. You'll get way more out of the book than you will trying to pay attention to his all-over-the-place, speed-of-light lectures.
woody is without a doubt one of my favorite profs. he's funny, smart, and experienced. definitely take him if you have the oppurtunity!!
even if you work hard, you won't get an A, unless you are his favorite or super talented. the fcp test isn't that hard, just know the FCP interface. nice at times, scary at times too
Very knowledgeable guy!! However if you don't know much about Apple & digital video (just print), you'll be behind from the get-go. He gets excited about teaching...which is great...just wish I had more background so I could've been "excited" to
Highly qualified & knowledgble. Makes the material as interesting as it can be. Grading seems to come out of nowhere though. No attendance, no papers, 1 project, 3 exams.
He talks too much about himself, but Woody is a nice guy when it comes down to it. Requires intensive outside classroom work.
If you aren't great at coding you will need to go to office hours A LOT. He is a little hard to work with but he is caring and wants everyone to do well! The class consists of a midterm, final and three sites. He also only teaches CSS grid format. He takes FOREVER to grade but is somewhat of an easy grader if you do the assignment correctly.
Anderson's 407 class honestly wasn't too hard, but it was very boring most of the time. His voice can lull you to sleep, but he did have some good things to say if you decided to pay attention. The big group project was particularly annoying - you have to role play presenting a business model to "investors". Kind of cringe to be honest haha.
Liked him as a person. He's pretty funny in a subtle way. But I found his class a little uninteresting. He was also inconsistent with his strictness. He yelled at me once for wearing sunglasses and made fun of me another time for my winter bundledness.
i fail to see where this man is funny. his fill-in-the-blank tests are a ****.
i had 101 and 102. These classes are really tough, but if you try really hard and spend alot of time practiceing then i guess you do fine, but in my case i changed my major to management, since i was failing or getting a D... in both... Good luck to all. He is a nice guy and hold help sessions on fridays...
ummm if you are a music education person you ARE a professional musician and I think you don't belong in the classroom if that is what you think of your career. I really like how he holds music education majors to the SAME HIGH STANDARD as everyone else
Likes to put trick questions on the exams!
He is a good teacher. You should go classes but sometimes his lectures are super boring that you can fall asleep. only 2 test- midterm and final. homeworks are online. Do homeworks and pass the class.
Very nice guy, also extremely easy. Like, way too easy for the subject material. However, he is not always clear on what he's saying and can be very hard to follow. He's always willing to help clarify. Class is not mandatory and the textbook is used heavily. Basically take a class with this guy if you want an A but don't care about learning.
he's so cool
Really not as bad as everyone says. Yes he may be a bit eccentric and is a complete stranger to non-hand written notes and test. However if you have the proper math prerequisites and actually read the book some time his class isn't very difficult. Additionally many students seem to neglect this so everything ends up with a steep curve.
This professor is largely underrated. He cares greatly about his students and teaching them; he's eccentric and hard to follow at times, but if you pay attention and ask questions everything he says makes perfect sense.
He is not the clearest of professors, but he is willing to work with you and help you. It is a very hard class that he has to teach, but he does it.........with assistance of constant studying on your own or in a group. Not the clearest either, but you will understand every other other other other thing he says.
Hard and boring professor. But teaches you nice.
The lectures are long and dull but if you can bear with Professor Yasha, you can get an A. The Tuesday class is mandatory while the Thursday class is optional. Highly recommend going to both classes. The exams are confusing but doable. Get a good TA for the labs otherwise you will suffer. If you need help, the professor is always willing to help.
go to lab, get a good TA
Rarely attended classes and I got by in the class. The material is pretty boring and self-explanatory if you do the Wiley+ homework and the projects (which are easy because the TA's basically do them for you). HEAVY, HEAVY ACCENT, so you really need to pay attention in class. Pop-quizzes but only worth 2 points. Dull humor
He is hard to understand, but the material on the tests comes pretty much right out of the book. The TA's and the professor are very accessible if you have questions. The projects are easy and he shows you how to do them in class if you show up and pay attention. The material is extremely boring but an A is easy if you put in the effort.
this class is an easy A, he gives extra credit clicker pts, tells you how to do all assignments and gives practice tests, no attendance, material is pretty dry... share the access book with someone in the class and DO NOT buy the other book he suggests! he'll let you borrow it and you can copy the only 20 pages you need. 6 proj, 2 tests
I think the Professor didn't get the respect he deserved. He was a very good teacher and extremely patient. The topics tho...are boring!
I had 0 interest in taking this class and hate physics but Alam was extremely laid back and made it tolerable. He goes over exams with the exact questions it will have. Lecture is extremely boring so I rarely went. Labs were a little boring to but we always got out early. If you have to take this class, I would definitely take it with him.
Hard working professor. Gives clear presentation.
a quote"if more people knew boolean algebra,there would be less rape in america"
hard as heeeeeeelll grader, especially on the papers. Make sure yours is perfect before you hand it in because she takes off so much for tiny stupid mistakes.
Make sure you are either a fast typer or take pictures because he doesn't upload the slides and he shows the notes for the class by putting pieces of paper under a projector and swipes them away pretty fast. You don't really have to do any of the readings as long as you take notes on the slides during the discussions. Overall fairly easy
He is VERY disorganized. He shows his lecture notes through a camera projector and doesn't share his notes, so you have to attend to take notes if you can jot them down in time. VERY reading intensive, and your experience in this class depends on your TA. My TA wasn't helpful, so I studied from other TA's resources. Seems like a cool dude though.
Hagshenas is a great professor who cares, but he is very lecture heavy, and often times the class is super confusing
Medhi is really funny, but honestly, his lectures mean nothing. Lecture attendance should not be required especially because his lectures go over nothing in the readings and he goes off on random tangents. The TA's run the entire class pretty much. I was lucky and got a really chill TA, so it really depends.
I looove Medhi as a person, but as a teacher he was too vague and occasionally hypocritical about expectations-- just confusing/chaotic in general plus a ton of reading. He also left everything to the TA, and the class was constant group work + presentations.
An unnecessary amount of weekly readings that he barely went over in lecture. There were little to no slides for lectures, so it's important to pay close attention.
Mehdi was a good professor. He really cared about his students and is very passionate about sociology. His class is basically ran by his TA's. The coursework wasn't too bad. We had probably like five papers to write based off of readings and three exams the entire semester. No final. There was lots of reading. Grading on exams is based on your TA.
Sociology of creativity--could be inspiring if he was a lenient person and acted how he instructs all of us to act. No excuses or leniency for any late work, straight 0. No excuses for missing a single class, straight 0. He asks us to bring our own opinions, but his questions want u 2 justify his. Test over all the readings & your classmates ppts.
His lectures were interesting and I learned a lot about societal issues. Tests were short answers and multiple choice; to do well, you have to read a lot of material and he would also ask questions about videos he showed in class. He offered one extra credit but other professors are definitely easier than him because his class is not an easy A.
Medhi is clearly passionate about teaching, but his grading style is a bit harsh and he is a bit odd. Very personal and touchy with everyone. TA grades most of our assignments and she grades very strict. I did well in the class but it took a while to get accustomed to the style of writing the TA clearly wanted.
Dr. H is a very inspirational professor, but he tries to force you to love a subject you might not love. He sometimes cold calls, but it isn't too bad. The class is primarily based on who you get as your TA; mine made the class somewhat bearable. Furthermore, tests are "easy", but very long so if you are a slower test taker don't take this class.
He was very good about answering questions in off. hours, but the classes in general were disorganized. The readings were pretty intense and the tests were unrealistic in how well an ordinary student ought to understand the content. Not the worst choice for this course, but it shouldn't be a first choice. Papers weren't too difficult.
There are a lot of readings and and his lectures are really disorganized. You have to take notes quickly during the lectures or else you might miss info that could be on the test. Read the textbook chapters and try to get the gist of all the readings
Read everything. Listen to everything he says. Memorize each and every line in the textbook. If you're really into reading 250+ pages for each test along with lectures then be my guest.
Dr. Haghshenas was one of my favorite professors at UT! He makes learning Sociology enjoyable. The tests aren't hard, and they're pretty straightforward from the lecture and lab. He's super funny too and definitely helpful if you go to office hours. No final, and one paper.
Amazing professor/person. He genuinely cares about his students and people in general. If you pay attention and do 75% of the readings you will most likely get an A. It was a life changing class.
This class was super interesting to me. I do have to say there were a lot of other people in my class who felt like it was boring or that there was too much reading. But I really thought the readings were interesting and if you just read and pay attention in class you won't have to study (I didn't study at all and got an A)
Lots of reading.
Medhi is so adorable and so passionate about sociology that it is quite infectious. His lectures aren't too bad to sit through if you try to pay attention but can be eh when he goes too fast or randomly calls on you. Readings are essential to passing and there's a lot so beware slacking off. Overall, Medhi is really chill and his TAs are helpful.
mehdi is genuinely one of the most interesting and intelligent people i've ever met. the class is incredibly emotional at times & he really fosters a camaraderie among a relatively large class. there's a lot of reading and the tests are pretty difficult, but i think it's worth it. if you are an introspective type, this is a class for you.
This was one of the most interesting classes I have ever taken. Learned a bit about the history of love and relationships, but even more about life and the universe in general, I feel like. Medhi's optimism and overall outlook on life is extremely positive and contagious. Take this class if you need a boost in life.
Dr. Kelly is a very cool professor. I took his Crime Control Through Smarter Policy class. The class itself was very interesting, but it did get kind of repetitive about halfway through the semester. His midterm was pretty easy, but the final paper assignment was way too long and took forever to get done. He's really funny too.
My UGS was called Crime Control Through Smarter Policy (the topics vary from year to year, I've heard). Dr. Kelly was very knowledgeable about the material covered, but the lectures were quite long. The material is presented in a pretty bland way, but he's also pretty funny. If you participate and know the material you'll do fine in the class.
Very entertaining professor. I think his notes could be a little more detailed, but other than that, great class.
She's a nice lady, and wants to help you. You need to really work at this class if you want to do well, however. She speaks Spanish throughout most of the class, and it's easy to get lost if you don't pay attention. You need 96% to get an A, there is little to no extra credit, and none of the 400 points available come without work.
She is a very nice lady. She is from Chile, and in this class never talks in english. she wants us to use as much spanish as possible. this class is hard because we read many stories, write papers, and do 3 huge presentations. it isn't really clear all the time what we are supposed to do for homework or due dates of things.
She is an ok teacher, but she expects way to much of you. If you have never taken spanish before, good luck. I did well in the class, but i had to work my tail off, because i didnt get what she was saying to me
Her lectures are just onlines, you have to type in every word she says in order to get the notes, which makes things difficult and makes going to class a must. Her exams have both lecture and book questions, so you do have to read the book. She's not the most approachable person. If there's someone better, take them.
If you have her for Child Psychology she's cake. As long as you pay attention, take a few notes in lecture, and read the text book once in a while you'll do just fine. A lot of the material is common sense. Plus, she's willing to help you out. You'll need the text book.
interesting, but why does she have to grade so meticulously
His lectures will literally put you to sleep and honestly the only reason to go is for clicker points, I took him for two semesters and by the second semester I don't think I listened to a word that came out of his mouth. Your grade is really based on the weekly lecture tests so be consistent and study for each one if you want to do well.
Professor Rose is such a nice man! However, he tends to get distracted or talks about things not on the exam. There is an exam every week but it keeps you on top of studying. He does occasionally do clicker questions. Lowest test (out of 12) is dropped. Final is noncumulative.
Lectures are very boring and long. There are 12 non cumulative exams and its nice being able to focus on one chapter a week. However, there are 200 slides per chapter so its a lot of information to cover just for 30 question multiple choice test. He knows his stuff and is willing to help. Go to class and get your clicker points.
While Dr. Rose is one of the sweetest professors I've had here, his course was quite difficult. I was taking a large course load which did not help, but his exams progressively became more difficult. I would not recommend if you struggle at all in A&P.
Dr. Rose is such a nice man, but unfortunately he is a hard professor. Every week you have a 30 mc exam which consists of studying from 100-300 slides per chapter. It can get extremely tedious and difficult to retain that much information. I found his exams to be confusing and he does not give you any hints on what will be on the exams. Lab helps.
Clicker questions every class and an Exam every week. You have to put in a lot of work for this class, but with the amount of tests, there is room for improvement. he drops the lowest one. He talks very fast and sometimes its hard to follow along, but he uploads study guides and powerpoints for each chapter. You have to study very often to do well
Dr. Rose is a really nice guy but can be a little boring sometimes! His exams are pretty in depth, but if you know the power points well you will do fine on them. 12 exams, lowest is dropped, easy lab, and clickers for attendance. I recommend taking him for this class!
Dr. Rose is extremely nice! There are 11 test. Roughly one every week. The tests that are on one chapter (majority) are 30 questions and a few are on two chapters (50 questions). He makes you have 11 exams throughout the semester and eliminates a final exam. Lab is easy. READ the book! Go to class! He tells you what to focus on when studying!!!!
Such a nice guy and not appreciated for that. Very boring lecturer, but handles labs great. Would not recommend going to lecture - better off reading out of class and doing something better with your time.
He is a really nice guy, but does not know how to teach. His tests were fair in the beginning then got gradually harder, as the semester went on. The focused on specific things we didnt really focus on. Really nice guy, I still did well in the class but just really does not know how to teach that well. RELY on the book a lot for explanation.
Read the book and go to lecture. Test average in the mid 60's.
Wildly intelligent. A ton of homework, but as long as you're over prepared, you'll do fine
this is a really boring class. i had to take it as a fys and it sucks. lehrman is absolutely brilliant, he speaks 20+ languages but the class is really hard. its all about interpretation and theory and it will give you a headache. if you are a spanish major, take fllt 326. everyone else, get out of this class if at all possible. i'm warning you.
He is a brilliant linguist, but his teaching style is very bland. Classes are boring, but exams are relatively easy.
This teacher certainly has a good sense of humor but likes to talk. She is a real tough essay grader!! but if you put the time in you might do fine. Sometimes the assignments are dense and difficult to understand and when you ask she's not always helpful. Don't complain, it doesn't matter. She appreciates hard work. Make sure you participate!!!
Interesting subject, good reading material, funny teacher, TERRIBLE GRADER. Completely unfair at evaluating writing. Test questions were hard and essay questions were unreasonable
Was very interested before hand, didn't leave very interested. Didn't really learn anything. Probably good for lower level students but if you know how to write try someone else.
She is really nice, but her quizes and homework assignments are kind of hard. She is a tough grader on those. You definately have to go to class and take good notes.
Margaret is hilarious, enthusiastic + knowledgable. She wants us to understand Shakespeare and the cultural context in which he wrote and I feel that I can pick up any Shakespeare play now and not be totally overwhelmed by it. Two words: Little Death!
Unfair Grader, biased
Every story that comes out of Barbato's mouth is important. They will be on all of the exams. If you do not go to class, you will not hear these stories, and if you don't listen closely and take notes, you will not do well on the exams. He keeps very close track of attendance. If you are a good student you will enjoy his class.
Had him for business ethics, and it was not a cakewalk. Attendance is mandatory and essential to do well on the tests. Journals are also required before each class. Study the cases to do well on the tests.
dont know yet
Really nice guy. Somewhat ambiguous about assignments. He cares more about your learning than the details in the syllabus. Enjoyed his class. Relax and do the work.
Took Sustainable Communities with her. She is alright, very tough grader and pushes you super hard in discussion. The class is split between grads and undergrads, which can be a bit messy. I found her a bit annoying since I'm an engineering major and hate long discussions not on numbers, but if you really want to be pushed, she'd be great for you.
I have never worked so hard in a class in my entire academic career. The material that you are responsible for knowing for each test is crazy. You have to memorize 70 or so pieces of artwork being able to recall the artist name, title, and location of where the art was made. There's also a vocab section as well 3 essays on the exam. HARD CLASS!!
She is very hard professor. I studied like 10 hours for first test and barely got a B on it. She is not fair in grading, sometimes. Unless you think like her, it's hard to get an A in her class. Basically, all it takes is to memorize every art she shows, I mean memorize everything about that art piece. If you can do that, then you can get an A.
boring if you are not interested in art, lectures are dry and straight out of the textbook so attendance is not required, 4 exams, an art paper about a piece downtown, WebCT would've help tremendously but is not available for this class, requires note taking by hand, no laptops, test are fairly easy and usually involve just that of memorization
Helps to do more research on the web on what she disscuses in class so that you can really write a lot on her exams. She's a tough grader but if you write a lot, you're bound to get a B or A. All books are out of print so be prepared. Take extremely thorough notes and dont miss class.
Unimpressed with this class. I love art history and thoroughly enjoyed 1A. Tests are tricky and she is a stickler when it comes to grades. No chances to make up for bad tests with homework or extra credit. Also her policy for not letting you see your exams unless you meet with her in her office is absolutely absurd.
An unreasonable amount to memorize and very critical when grading tests.
You have to memorize a ridiculous amount of information. she will help you if you meet with her, but don't take this class unless you absolutely have to. Lots and lots of quizzes. Pop quizzes too
She's a pretty stern professor, but is kind too. She assigns a lot of work, and a LOT of reading, so be ready for that. Also, she is absolutely a communist and likes to subtly push that type of thinking into her course in order to make you sympathize. Don't be a sheep, and don't be taken in by this common university tactic.
Interesting topics if you are interested in art. There aren't many assignments but it isn't difficult to do well if you pay attention and take the time to learn about the material. Lectures were mainly powerpoints. Lots of memorization. She talks about a lot of interesting points in the artworks but lectures can be lengthy.
Do NOT take this class just for general Ed. You have weekly quizzes that reQuire a lot of memorization. Very strict and hard grading. Dont miss her claSs, cause it will count against you, and she says talk to her she is understanding, but shes not. I would NOT take a class with Her again!!!
Really boring class. Don't need to read the book, just use the information from the lectures she gives in class. Term paper is easy. Final will be hard, but if you pass with an eight or higher on all of your quizzes you are exempt from it.
She talked over my head the whole semester!
Way, way too much reading. She's a decent teacher if you're ok with that. You'll only get good grades if you repeat what you've read from every assigned reading source on the topic. You have to read everything she assigns, which is a lot. Beginning of the semester, she even warned that students complain about how much reading they have to do.
She seems nice until she grades your papers!
TBH she's a nice person but she isn't a great teacher. The class itself was pretty easy but that's because I learned by myself and went to study sessions with my classmates . Thank god that she didn't require us to go to class. Her class is a waste of time and you will not learn sh#$. Take someone else if you want to actually learn in finance .
I guess you could pass this class pretty easily. Lectures are extremely hard to follow on Zoom, she messes up frequently, doesnt explain things well, and has terrible handwriting. If you want to pass and thats it, the class is not terrible. If youre actually interested in learning about finance Id take someone else.
This class was sneaky difficult. Professor Smoller is nice and is very passionate about the subject. However, I would not recommend taking her course unless you are a finance major. Very fast paced and not many opportunities to raise your grade if you do bad on an exam or homework.
NOT a good professor...she tries hard and is helpful, but her class is boring and she doesn't get her point across very well
Took this course online and there was only a mid-term and final, besides a site visit. Tests were extremely tough, and it's a harder class than I originially thought, esp online. He was a fair grader, and tried to help students by having an extra credit. I would suggest taking it in class.
Great Prof. IF you need help, he takes the time to help, but you have to ask for it. He is willing to work students, just ASK! Hart do understand, but if you try he wants all students to do well.
The class needs work, but its collage. If you do all the work and homework you will do really good in the class. Her lectures are boring but when we do the class work it helps alot with the understanding of the subject.
hard class, hard teacher, not as bad as 5100 though
Mr. Rodriguez was a good teacher! He was fun and tried to help you as best as he could. I would recommend taking a class prior to his because he tends to go a little fast! Other than that, he's good!
a nice guy, knows material, just not best teacher. I would take again. particpate in class and show him you know material and you will get a good grade regardless of if you bomb one of test.
Whatever you do...make you you pay attention in class & write down all of his examples. They are money for the midterm/final. He usually explains the concepts easier than the book. Midterm/final each worth 40% of grade! HW is 20%. Not bad prof., but I heard other profs. are so much harder!
I was not happy with this class. It is a difficult subject and I don't feel that he is best suited for teaching it. He is a very kind teacher and seems to know his stuff, but most of my class didn't grasp the concepts from him easily. Still, I would surely have chosen another teacher if I had the chance.
Boring lectures straight from the book. Exams are all essay but grades easy.
Williams is VERY knowledgeable on the subject, but his lectures are very confusing. You can learn more just by reading the textbook. His exams and quizzes are VERY difficult and the written portions are worth more than the programming parts.
Goes off tangent with background info on whatever topic he is lecturing during class so it can be hard to follow sometimes. The PowerPoints are very clear and detailed so despite not doing all the massive assigned readings, you can still do very well for the final if you studied the PowerPoints well. Grading was 50% Term Paper50% Final.
Gov. policy was surprising really interesting. prof is very passionate about the subject material (and adorable) although his lectures can be difficult to follow because they're a little scattered (this is more applicable to IO). Not an overly easy marker but if you put in a reasonable amount of work you'll walk away with a solid grade.
He knows the topic inside and out and he is very passionate about the area, which is great to see. But his lectures lack direction, making exam prep difficult. <-- I copied this quote from someone else who took this class, and I agree with it completely! I think he marks fairly, and he distributes last years finals to help prepare you
interesting area of study. He needs to improve his math skills for the new generation, but it doesn't matter cuz he's almost gone anyway. Strong researcher, but needs better direction in lectures. Strict marker, but rewards brilliance forrrrrrrrrr what guy yo guy.
Professor Deslauriers' lectures were incredibly eye-opening and really interesting, but sometimes hard to follow. The assignments were just torture, seemingly simple at first but she (and the TAs) want you to be a genius. Really tough grading and no rubric to understand. However, Prof. Deslauriers is quite easy to reach out to for help.
Fem theory was one of my favourite classes, however it was my hardest. The lectures and readings are really interesting and she does a good job of stopping to answer questions and relaying info in a more understandable fashion. However, pop quizzes in conferences are absolutely brutal and can ruin your grade. But great class !
meh. I thought she was OK--I would not take a class with her again. She's nice. She knows her stuff. She's an unreasonably difficult grader. Pretty boring. Will incorporate feminism into class even if it's off topic. Overall, I think she is overrated.
It is a pleasure to hear her speak. What a smart woman. Very intimidating. If you get behind on readings don't worry, she sums them up better than you could read them yourself but you'll get more from lecture if you read them ahead of time. Two short assignments based on one reading each and a take home midterm with specific questions. Recommend
I agree with everyone else, she is a very intelligent woman and a great lecturer but the assignments are brutal!
Extremely interesting class, but grading is rough. I enjoy the class and it's worth consideration. But if you can use the pass/fail option.
Brilliant woman, course is very difficult and TAs suck big time. Course pack readings made me want to kill myself, but lectures were interesting. Make sure you're an expert on essay writing before signing up for this class. Very tough grading scheme.
Awful course, teaches as doctrine, not open to ideas which don't coincide with her own.
amazing prof! she has an excellent dry wit and is a brilliant person.
This class was one of the toughest classes that I have ever taken at Washington College. Partly because Dr. Ford didn't always explain it the way that worked for me, but also because genetics is a super tough course. She provides a lot of work to do outside of class that in reality the work helped a ton, but I hated doing it before class.
Labs were interesting. Dr. Ford was very helpful although she can be difficult to follow sometimes. If you can think for yourself you will probably do well in her classes.
tough exams and hard teaching style. However, she is a very good person at heart and pushes you to your limit. She doesnt sugar coat anything and shows you how its like in the real world.
He is a very difficult professor and expects a lot from students. Organic is self-taught so don't expect help if you don't understand something...you'll have to figure it out for yourself. When you aren't in class or lab, he is a fun person to be around.
Let me tell you if you don't read the book, your completely screwed. she is an excellent professor,however she is a terrible pre-med adviser, she is not encouraging and not help full in ADVISING you. If you want to go to med-school your better off getting a book to learn the in and outs. Good luck.
Daigle can be a bit forgetful and odd at times, but he is really great in general. I do wish he gave a bit more feedback on the acting, but he lets the students participate and interact a lot which helps. He's a really nice teacher.
TM is a great teacher, he's very knowledgable about what he's teaching, but most of the time he's very boring and likes to hear himself talk...
An interesting teacher and an even better director.
he has a unique perspective - and he's a good prof.
Professor White seems to be a nice man but he is too obsessed with India. Taking Global Connections with him almost seems like learning another language. He expects you to enjoy it as much as he does, as well as know as much as he does. Frustrating class and I would recommend another professor if available
I took his Hinduism class and I am not even a religious study major and I made an A in the class. As long as you come to class and actually communicate with him you will be fine! Don't let these people scare you out of making an A. Its hard work but it is possible!
boring class, boring teacher. he's always late 10-15 minutes. only 2 exams and a paper for your grades, all given equal weight. you'll have to read a book and online indian newspapers for the paper...only take this class if you're really interested in india
No matter what course of his you take you will learn about India. Also be warned, he has a Jekyl/Hyde thing going on and you never know what to expect. Boring lectures. I did find him helpful however when I went to his office for help. Expect essay tests. Avoid his classes if you can.
really not bad, strict on attendance, kinda lame, but i think he prefers "passionate". maybe a little boring at times. but not bad.
study & always go to class.. pretty hard
He's a character no doubt. Someone who grows up to write novels or screenplays will use him in their work. Very knowledgeable and gives one a good foundation in studying Asian Religions. Expresses relativistic views at times but a good teacher.
He can be nice at times, mean at others. don't skip class! keep up with notes and readings, quizes often
Reading Qiuz's suck, never announced, so read! but topics were interesting
What he say's is right, even if that's your religion, test semi-easy, go to clas
Moody as CRAP! Be careful not to piss him off!
You will not learn Thermo from him - just how to do problems. I really wanted to learn the material and I am coming out of this class feeling like I know nothing. He does not give back tests or homework past the first few weeks. He is a genius - just doesn't know how to give that knowledge to the students.
I had him for orgo 1 and his "lectures" were just narrated powerpoints that don't even go into much depth. The scheduled class time he uses for office hours. Taught myself orgo 1 by using the book and youtube. He is a nice guy and he doesn't bite your head off when you ask questions. His tests are kinda hard but not impossible.
super smart in organic chem, tough teacher. Did not care that the class was a month behind due to the previous professor being fired. No concrete grading scale, no curve, no extra credit, test format was different every exam. Did not care that the last exam was 36 hours before the ACS final ( last exam was 75% biochem 25% orgo). Most failed.
Only recommend to take if your course load is really low. assigned problems are about 100+ per chapter, and many questions on the exam come from it. he makes quizzes (non graded) at the beginning of each class, but he will not tell the answer, he might say something like this looks good or bad . and dont count too much on partial credit.
Speeds through lecture material, but you should definitely go to class. READ ON YOUR OWN. He expects you to have read the material before walking in. First couple of tests will weed out the students who aren't keeping up. Last unit is the easiest. NEVER assume you are passing. STUDY at least 3 hours a day and do homework problems. UNDERSTAND ORGO.
Very difficult class, take a different professor if you can. This is the only B I've ever gotten and I'm a BioMed senior. Doing all the assigned problems didn't help that much. Also he always talked down to me like I didn't belong in his class, whenever I asked him to explain something during office hours.
Fall 2011. He teaches at a very fast pace, expects you to reach the chapter ahead of class. Get the solution manual and do all the problems 5 times. review his study guides to ensure you have a grasp on all the material he expects you to know. 7 exams, 2 weeks apart. Don't complain about the exams or he will make even hard ones lol
Great lecturer. Horrible people skills. 8 tests total. 1 every 2 wks. No curves.Go to class, read chapters and do all the HW problems over and over! Most hw problems are on the tests. Study hard! It's a weed out class for a reason.
If you are thinking about taking this class ask yourself two questions. Do I have 10-15 hours every week to spend on one class and do I plan on taking Biochem? If you answer no to either of those, don't take him. At least 120ish out of the orginal 190 students failed or dropped. Only 8 students got an A (me included) but it nearly cost me my soul.
His lecture is top-notch. If you pass this class, you would kill any MCAT/DAT. His test is from his head + textbook. Even if you know EVERYTHING (textbook+PPT), you would end up B. No HW. No extra credit or curve. I thought I'm getting B or C. I ended up A. Cause I got 100% on final ACS test.
GO TO CLASS. The in class quizzes are so helpful and usually show up on the test in one way or another. Read the book before if you can, it will help a ton. If you learn the material as you go instead of cramming it by memorizing the night before, you'll do alot better.
My textbook is blue, all blue highlighter. You'll want to read that book for "fun." And do all of the problems in that book. He helps you understand why the reactions are happening. He doesn't want you to memorize anything...which is a good thing! His testing strategies are very random, so be prepared to know everything.
Only good orgo professor at Ucf. You will learn a TON. I took him because I wanted to actually understand organic. Take him for the series. If you didnt take him for 1, dont take him for 2, otherwise his class will be hell. He's also alot nicer than what students act like. Its a gpa drop, but worth it cuz you will learn.
Probably the hardest class I've ever taken at Ucf. He's super energetic when he teaches, but test grades dont always reflect what you learn. If you're looking for a hardcore challenge, his class is just that. Will consume your life for an entire semester. I honestly wish Dixon taught this class.....
His expectations are high, but not impossible. Go to lecture early for the quiz, read the book, do the HW problems, and go to SI. Best tip (from Dr. E himself): "Don't fall behind!" Great professor. Enjoyed this class!
This class will be your life. Elsheimer moves quickly, but explains well. The book will be your best friend. The entire grade is based off 7 exams (every other week which wears you out) but he does drop the lowest. If you do all of the homework (there's a lot) you may pass. An A is possible but unlikely. Don't take for orgo2 if you didnt take for 1
nice and approachable guy, but his class and grading system is STRICT. got a 90 on his 6th test, which left me with a 79.18 in the class. DID NOT round me up a bit. got a C in the class, no plus. be prepared to battle with this class. Hopefully he makes orgo 2 easier somehow...
Organic sucks, but Elsheimer honestly puts in a lot of effort to try to get you to understand. Don't think you can skate by just going to class and SI, you MUST do the work and read the book. If you do everything your supposed to, your efforts will be reflected in your grade, as he is very fair.
Great during lecture- He's hard to talk to in his office hours- Tests are fair but very difficult- You have to put ALL your time into his class to do well- It's hard to do all of the practice problems he assigns because he assigns all of them
very very hard class. he teaches fast so read before class or you'll be lost fast. his tests are very hard but i'm pretty sure he curved alot. my tests grades were D,D,C,B,B,A and I ended up with a B. yes there are 6 tests so you will be studying frequently (definetly not 6 hours a day like that other guy said though)
I don't know what these other people are talking about. Elsheimer isn't helpful if you don't understand chemistry well. Every time I went to his office for help, he made me feel stupid because I didn't know what he was expecting me to know. Only take Elsheimer if you are awesome a chemistry and love to study!!
This guy has a huge ego. He thinks he is the god of chemistry. Very hard class with no curve. I regret taking him because he is not near as helpful as other chemistry teachers who understand that this class is hard and we only have minimal experience in the field compared to him. I think he likes how superior it makes him feel teaching this class.
he is very tough and you are forced to really learn the material. come to class prepared.
This class was horrible. It wasn't only because of Elsheimer, the material itself is horrible and requires complete attention...but Elsheimer didn't make it any easier either. Not a bad professor but not a great one either.
I would rather cut my left hand off than take his class again. Tests are very difficult, he's sarcatic about failing people, wont explain things clearly, i can list about ten more things wrong with his teaching. The material is difficult enough, he needs to learn how to teach instead of listening to himself talk. Good luck with this prof.
Elsheimer is a very clear and straightforward teacher. The subject is very difficult and he goes 200mph. If you are a slacker, beware. you have to keep up with the material and read before lectures and practice problems. His tests are difficult, but FAIR and straightforward.. no tricks, nothing is unclear and everything is covered.
This particular class is already difficult, but to top it off this professor will not help you get through it with a passing grade.He expects you to already know everything before coming in which defeats the purpose of teaching!
VERY VERY VERY HARD.it is impossible to pass his class.he has notes you can download but for each test there are around 100 pages of notes which you have to know inside and out. he said "just study and try your best", well i did just that and i
mean, awful, teribble and evil person
I got an A in 2045, 2046 but I'm failing his class. He's really tough, it's his way or no way. Not to the point, boring lectures. Take Miles, especially if you are a girl, because at least you can flirt with him and get a better grade ;)
I've had both Miles and Elsheimer. Elsheimer was way better for me because he tells you how the material learned in class can and is applied in the lab. He makes organic become more real and therefore easier to understand...memorization becomes simpler.
Got an A in the class solely be memorizing the textbook. Beware, she is really mean, unapproachable, and doesn't care about her students.
I took her fall 2018 and I wouldn't take her again because the tests. The class content was really interesting, but tests were like botched games of bar trivia. She writes the textbook so pay attention to it, she may sneak some of it onto the tests. She can also be a little passive aggressive about how the class did on tests, but lots of kids skip.
You have to show up to her lectures because unless your a biology genius you're going to fail. She posts a general outline of the notes on webcourses but you have to go to class to get the full information. In order to pass the test you have to study very hard from her notes. She has an accent which makes it even more difficult to understand her.
Exams cover every small details but very straight forward, online quizzes are trickier than the exams. Her accent is not too bad, has some extra credit points, test material comes from powerpoint and textbook. Class is not as bad as reviews make it seem. Quizlet is probably best for this class.
Her lectures were very in-depth so I'd recommend going to class every day and taking those notes, you need to study to pass unless you're great at bio. We mostly did tests with the occasional pop quiz and she does offer extra credit that she adds up at the end.
This class isnt too hard besides the fact she is hard to understand and the tests have information she doesnt go over in lectures but she does give extra credit
The required textbook is written by the professor, so most of the exam content can be found in the textbook with the exception of some lecture-exclusive information, so find a friend in class to share notes with. Most of the class is pure fact memorization, so making flash cards and/or using Quizlet is ideal. Occasional in-class quizzes for EC.
She is very hard to understand with her heavy accent that it was hard to pay attention in class. Because of this I knew nothing a week before the test. However, since she is clear on what we need to know and what to read I was able to prepare myself for the test. So as long as you learn the material you should be okay.
Basically, I read the chapters and took the tests. I did well because I studied, and I believe that's the only way to do well here. It's not something you can wing.
She can sometimes be a tad bit hard to understand, but she does a great job of explaining everything. Copy down the images she draws, they will help your understanding. Study hard for the tests, they are doozies. The semester I took it, she said to buy the code for the online book in order to do graded assignments, but never assigned anything.
If you don't study or have no interest in the class it will be difficult. STUDY.
Dr. Rani is very helpful giving many opportunities to earn extra credit. This class is COMPLETE MEMORIZATION! She ties in stories to help you better understand the material and remember it! Attendance is NOT mandatory, but a MUST so you get the material! You NEED the textbook, as it is written by her! Test are lengthy covering lots of information.
Nice lady. But hard professor. If you don't show her anything, she will be less willing to help. She's not very straight forward. So just be ready.
Dr. Rani was a great teacher. I wasn't looking forward to the class but greatly enjoy it. Make sure you go to class because she says things in lecture that are sure to be found on the test.
This class was a challenge. I am not strong in science and had to study hard, but it was not impossible. The professor was hard to follow at times, but knows her information well. Attend class- the tests are strongly based in the lectures and in the class readings
I was excited to take this class to learn about indigenous peoples plant use, but she doesn't do this at all. The "ethno" part does not exist in her class, just the "botany". I studied daily and still couldn't pass it, which I never have an issue with in this type of course. Her book is written poorly and leaves much to desire
I took medicinal botany with Biochem,comparative vertebrate anatomy and animal physiology and I still got a B in this class and passed all my other classes. If you go to every class, study the notes before and after class and study for the exam including the clicker questions on cps online!!! at least 2 days before you should be fine.
Professor Rani is nice enough as a person. She says to attend every day, but you don't have to. I got a C because I didn't really read the book until the day before the class, so I scored straight Cs on the test, and I bombed the final (stuff wasn't covered in class, but was on the final). But she gives plenty of extra credit.
She teaches class very well. She has a light humor that can keep the class entertaining. Gives a lot of extra credit to help with your grade (all online!) and her tests are very easy as long as you go to class! Would recommend :)
Class is doable but you have to be on top of the readings. Her quiz/bonus questions comes from the questions at the end of the chapter & notes. You have to study/read everyday if not the bad quiz scores will hurt u in the end, especially with the +/- LOTS of memorization & her accent sometimes makes it hard to understand her & she speak low.
She places a lot of emphasis on Botany more than the ethnic aspect of it. I suggest you take this class if you're more focused on plants than biology. Her tests are tricky and detailed. The clicker really helps to boost your grade, so it's a must get even though you'll probably never use it again for another class.
Very nice, and eager to help. However, she has a strong accent that can be hard to understand. Her tests can be difficult, you have to go to class, take good notes, read the text & study study study to do well. Not an easy A, but a very sweet lady. If you need help, she WILL do all she can to help you preform better if you visit her in her office.
Dr. Rani didn't hinder nor enhance my learning of bio. The material is really simple and basic! Didn't show up to class most of the time, didn't take notes. I just studied notes from another student a week before the tests and I got an A. Note: the final is considerably more difficult than the tests. And get the study guide not the textbook.
If you are not an auditory learner, this class will not be an easy A. You have to read the book and study from it. she does not allow you to record lectures for you to make sure you dont miss out on any info. She's nt a bad prof but certainly nt the best. and this is NOT an easy A
I found her lectures to be extremely boring. However, it is an easy class. Make sure you get the student manual, but DO NOT buy the textbook- it is super expensive and there is no reason to ever use it.
Well she is very helpful if you need help outside of class. This is not the class for you if you don't plan on attending many classes! & DONT buy the textbook. The workbook is fine and she makes the tests out of the notes that you take in there(some ?'s are taken from the review questions at the end of each chapter).
I enjoyed her class but it was hard to understand her. Her notes are all in the student handbook, so you don't really need the textbook. Study the handbook for the tests and you will be fine. Plus, she gives us the scantrons. She really cares about her students.
She is a tough teacher. you have to study alot!
Dr. Rani's class wasn't too bad. As long as you pay attention in class and study the review questions, you'll pass for sure. I didn't even take my textbook out of the plastic wrapping. She's a little difficult to understand sometimes, but you usually get the gist of what she's trying to say and can figure it out.
Overall, Dr. Rani is a good teacher. Her accent is hard to understand at first. You'll do fine as long as you go to class and use the study guide.
Dr. Rani is sometimes hard to understand, but you'll soon get used to her accent. She makes the course easier than expected, and if you attend all classes, use the study guide and glance at the textbook, you should have no problem.
Hardly an easy A. There is an INCREDIBLE amount of information covered in this course, and it is NOT easy. I got a B overall, but it wasn't an easy B, either. I studied A LOT for this course, and I never felt prepared and was always nervous taking tests, because she seems to pull some information from nowhere.
Ms. Vajravelu's class was very interesting. Attendance is mandatory because half of what is covered in class is on the tests. The use of clickers was quite annoying, especially since she didn't seem to know how to use them. A little on the rude side, but overall easy class.
For someone who isn't interested in science, the class was boring. Her accent can be hard to understand. The book was unnecessary; just get the workbook and use it well. There was a helpful online forum, where you could easily request notes and study groups from classmates. BRING YOUR UCF ID for tests. She may not let you take the test without it.
Dr. Rani is very nice and does a good job of teaching a large class. Dont need textbook - just the study guide she wrote. Go to class and take all the notes she gives. Must study for the tests, but not a hard class at all. Drops lowest test. No H/W and quizzes are extra credit. Just study the study guide and you will be fine.
Nice teacher, but her accent is sometimes hard to understand so you have to pay close attention because you migh miss a good joke!
i liked her!
i thought this was going to be an easy class... it wasn't. if you study, you'll make it out with a B. i wouldn't take this class if you are just trying to finish your gen ed.
This class is really hard! It's supposed to be like a lower level Biology, but it felt like I was in a high level Biology. Child Boo, I would not recommend this professor. She nice, but take another professor if you can hunny. I like how she drops the lowest grade from the four exams, but still her class is boring and attendance is mandatory.
Study guide helpful.
Very nice lady. Has 4 exams ,drops one and has one final comprehensive exam. Her class is really easy if you study and GO TO CLASS! Has a really thick accent which is hard to understand at times but if your actually listening you should have no problems.Take the notes in the Study Guide and read the book and you should have no problem getting an A.
She is very smart. She has an accent but is much more clear than most teachers. Tests very fair. Know the notes, go to class, and you will get an A. She teaches you a lot of information so the book isn't all that important.
Her accent is really thick, but class is pretty easy. Is funny but may be rude. Gives 4 tests and drops the lowest grade. Gives extra credit opportunity, too. Only buy the study guide- getting the textbook is pointless. Tests are easy and comes straight from the study guide. Don't gotta study much.
She has a thick accent but don't let that turn you away from taking her. She is very straight forward when it comes to tests, everything is from the study guide. You need to go to class and study hard to do well.
Her tests are very easy she its kinda hard to understand her but if u have the notes for the study guide you should be able to pass the class. Some of the questions for the test are right out of the study guide.
She's a good professor. She's hard to understand if you don't listen. She tells jokes to be cute and break the ice, not to be funny.
She drops your lowest grade, and gives you extra credit quizzes. If you go to class, it's impossible not to get an A, if you miss.....it's unfortunate.
I'm not even trying and I'm passing with flying colors... the detailed study guide that you have to get with the course is all you need -- I haven't touched the book once
she is a nice lady, and means well...but id rather die than sit through her lectures...she goes SO painfully slow and its so so boring, if you can survive the dullness, youll do fine, not hard, but find a more exciting class
Awesome teacher! Funny jokes! Be attentive, go to class, and you will do well on the quizzes and exams. Extra credit is available to some extent. If you are lazy & are looking for an easy A, then this is not the class for you.
She is hard to understand, just use the study guide and will do fine.
fairly easy if you took bio in h.s., but still study for tests to get an A, may be difficult to understand due to heavy accent
Nice teacher. Do the work, and get a good grade. She does have a strong accent that may give you trouble.
This class was soo easy!! All you have to do is read over your study guide and you can ace every test. The only downfall of this class is her accent, absolutely annoying!!!! Once you get past that you will be fine!
it's ORganisms, not orGANisms. drove me nuts.
She is little and cute. You eventually get past her accent. Class is not too hard as long as you pay attention and study.
not a bad class. if you pay attention, you can understand her just fine. use the study guide for the tests and skim through the book and you should be fine.
Class is so Boring, you don't want to learn!!!
extremely nice, clarity isn't that bad, she's very informative
friendly, helpful, sit in front of class, easy A!!!
Hard to understand but fairly easy.
Definetely not an easy A, but at least she tried to help.
He gives you homework to read from different online readings tuesdays and thursdays. You have quizzes and discussions. Some discussions are graded some are not, but it's part of participation grade. He gives hectic paper assignments on things noone cares about. He gave us a final EXAM & a FINAL PAPER never take him again. Useless man
Didn't learn squat about theory. He doesn't really explain anything. When it came to write a paper, I was lost. He expects you to understand the theories even though he didn't explain them. And when students struggled in the discussion posts, he was just super condescending instead of helpful.
Prof. Mauer is a great guy! He is willing to work with students to ensure their success. I took him for Theories of Literature and he answered every email I sent him and was always open to communication. The class is NOT an easy A, but he is willing to work with you and so worth the extra effort. If you're serious about learning, take him.
Dont take this class in the summer. It's a lot of work. If this is your summer class. I dont reccommend another class. Every day is a quiz day. He will teach you a lot. Great teacher. Horrible 5 pager at the end of the semester
All he did was ramble about politics, and tell us how bad America is. If this is how you learn about other countries, I'm an expert. Waste of what could have been a good class
Daily EASY quizzes on reading, midterm paper and final paper. pretty easy class, i recommend him. he does a lot of background research on the reading to help him teach it. class discussions on discussion questions he makes up.
Interesting person, but not always clear on what he wants us to do. (Judgement possibly clouded because this was a summer night course.)
Not a bad class, if taken online. She doesn't grade assignments right away. Read your book and you should pass
Easy class but such a waste.
This class was similar to psych 101 - she is super-easy, but always late (which was annoying) The class was mostly dull, and it seemed pointless.
Very easy, take group test, will be 30 mins late to class.
I thought she was a good professor...You learn alot in the class because she gives you time to actually take things in..also open book exams made me actually obtain the information she was teaching-she is always late though, haha. nice lady!
all it is is a 2 hour class discussion. No assigned hmwk, although you must do a lot outside of class to stay caught up. She twists things around and really makes you think hard about stuff. Good instructor!
Dr. Baiyee comes off as harsh on her students but she wants to prepare us to be the best teachers. The workload is heavy and she is quite unorganized. Be sure to follow all of the outlines provided for papers. Stay on top of your assignments and you will be fine. If you follow her directions clearly for all projects, you'll get an A.
She is a strong minded person. She doesn't work with you if you feel like you deserve a grade adjustment, but it is not hard to pass this class. If you study the Test Bank, then you have the answers to the test. Work on the Culminating Project as you go through each Ch or you will be really stressed at the end. Don't make that mistake like me!!!
As long as you follow her format and model after her examples, you will be fine. Sometimes, assignments are reexplained for someone who is uncertain and it makes it much more confusing. The best way to get questions answered are during class time only, doesn't respond through emails. Very nice and knowledgeable, just sometimes a little scattered.
I think that Dr. Baiyee is a good teacher. A lot of people are intimidated by her, but she is really nice once you get to know her and she has a lot to offer. She cares about professionalism and can tell who does not take the class seriously. If you are serious student you will have no problem with her class. (Do the reading)
She's borderline terrifying. She's incredibly intimidating and has a lot of difficult assignments, but then again 215 is an intense course no matter who is teaching.
She was not as bad in this class as she was in 215...but this might be because it was a Spring class. A lot of work, but painless overall.
She is extremely knowledgeable but the class is pretty much all common sense. She is a psycho about grammar and way too picky. She also is super strict on attendance. She's not horrible, but don't take her if you have the option for someone else.
Not only a good teacher, but a very interesting person as well.
He's a good teacher and his lectures aren't terrible. Some of his references may go over your head though. Class is easy but the tests are hard to do well on unless you study all of the possible questions and are able to put down everything you know about whatever the question is asking you while being able to tie it in to another topic.
He seemed great at first but as soon as the first test scores came in that quickly changed. He grades by if he likes your answer or not, not by content. Even if you know the material inside and out and he doesn't like how you worded it- it affects your grade. At first 70% of the class was failing! Good thing is he's approachable.
Very difficult but knows what he is talking about. I recommend not taking any other class while taking this because you will receive ALOT of work to do. Very passable if you try.
He knows a lot of information. Read every chapter!!
Great teacher in the classroom. If you take notes, read the chapters, and do the WebCT stuff you will do fine. Not very helpfull out of the classroom though. If you dont feel you will need help from your prof then take him. Very funny, entertaining guy, good lectures. Relates the topics to life and trys to tie it in with why you are lurning it.
he is a great professor. he grows on you. he is so funny. sometimes he goes off of subject a little but its interesting. i would take him again, but i think he's retiring soon.. 3 papers, super easy.
OK teacher but was a **** in person.Dont take this class if you are a person trying to meet with him in person if you are confused about things.Just do your best in writing notes and reading the book.
Class is not a free ride. Skim through the modules right before you take the online quizzes and you'll do fine on them. Print out the online quizzes and study them for the tests because that's where most of the questions came from. Lectures=very boring.
I'll admit, he's a hilarious professor. But that doesn't make him easy. He livens up his lectures with humor, however, his tests are hard as hell. No matter how hard you study, you'll get a mediocre grade.
His lectures are kinda boring, but sometimes he would say the funniest things! The tests are multiple choice and really difficult. He tests you on little details about major points that you wouldn't normally memorize. I still did good in the class though.
The class in itself is relatively easy. The lectures weren't too bad, I rarely fell asleep in any of them. Says "futz", "lil' SOB's", a lot and swears routinely. It certainly livens things up.
he's funny,laid back & says "futzing" alot but i'm never taking a class w/ him again.u can study your butt off & think you're knowledgeable about the material but u could never do well on an exam.he asks HORRIBLE questions which are confusing &
He is entertaining making comments about sex and saying "FUTZ YOU!" But, his situational test questions are very difficult and confusing. (which is the whole test)If he asked the questions straight out i'd have a 4.0.
He makes Pysch. interesting, and he has his own language for cursing!
This prof is hilarious, he will keep you laughing out loud. He grades fairly. He is very animated, I would take him again!
Good...So far...tests not tricky....pretty interesting --odowd hall
3 tests determine your grade. Each test has 3 problems. Some partial credit is given but he is a tough grader.
Gives A LOT of homework. But it's not busywork homework, he actually handpicks the problems so that you will be prepared for the test. The downside of the homework, its a lot of work, however at the end of the course YOU WILL understand the material. Also, tests are hard, but he gives lots of partial credit if you at least give him stuff to grade.
He wasn't bad. His tests were fair, very similar to the HW. He took a while to return the graded tests, but was very good about partial credit. He is arrogant, and the class is by no means a breeze, but an A is doable with some out of class effort. 3-4 question tests, no equation sheets, but you definitely learn the material. Knows his stuff.
Not so hard compared to most in the school, tests are not bad if u study and sometimes funny. overall take him and not dr. jones.
Very eccentric and spacey. She's very nitpicky when it comes to grading. Sometimes she's really helpful and other times you have no idea what she's talking about. Awesome taste in clothes.
good, going a little crazy; forgets things
if you're half way intelligent- don't do this to yourself. this lady is living in lala land and this class is a joke. she needs to be outting her time in energy into something other than voting on whether ot not to let pink slip people into her class. made me cry- total flake.
One of the best classes i've had, but its an intense amount of work, especially towards the end of the year. Helfman is very nice and genuine, but quite cocky. Thought I had an A, ended up with a B- grading was much too difficult.
Great lady...one of my favs:) Do the easy work=get easy A
Reputation to be the most difficult FASH class at UD, which may be true but come to class, pay attention,&read your notes-it will actually make sense. If you'd like to be a buyer this class is exactly what you need, save your spreadsheets to show potential employers. She may seem stern but she wants you to succeed. Thought she was a good teacher
Took her for Textiles 1 and 2, wasn't surprised that 418 would consume my life- she reminded me what panic attacks felt like. Nice woman outside class but once 8am struck, or 5 min beforehand because she starts early!, she was no joke- laughs at you when you get things wrong, enjoys making students feel uneasy and afraid. SHE CAN SMELL FEAR !
Everyone ****es about her, but all you really have to do is ask for help and do the work. She's not easy at all.. but youll leave the class knowing a lot.
hard teacher, mean too
sweet lady, material is memorization but fairly easy, tests a bit difficult
Lectures were fairly slow and not particularly interesting, but other than that I liked him. Like another review says his humour grows on you. Decent prof for a decent course.
Patrice was a fine professor, but could move through the lectures extremely slowly and sometimes spent too much time on specific examples. He's a really nice guy and answers questions pretty well, but CPSC121 is a very disorganized class and his teaching sometimes doesn't help with understanding the content. He's not bad but not good either.
Patrice has pretty decent lectures and replies very quickly on Piazza. On the other hand, he does have a certain personality/attitude (you either love it or hate it). He tries too hard to force certain jokes. He also spends a good third of each lecture complaining about his shirt colour and the webcam. Be warned, CPSC 121 is a mess of a course!
He's not bad, but not good either.
If you go to class and do the work you're likely to get a B+ or higher.
Very picky about how you right proofs but a pretty fair marker. Lectures were hard to stay awake in and expanded your knowledge more than taught. Most of the assignment stuff was on textbook stuff. Make sure you study the labs / are comfortable enough with drawing circuits. Proofs and circuits were the majority of the final and midterms
very boring lectures and awkward jokes; good marker; must attend the computer registers part of lectures to understand them
a nice instructor with a great understanding of students. usual perception is that he lets most of the students pass. if you work good he will let you pass. assignments are ok not too bad but still math is math,
He's got the sexiest comb-over. HOT like FIRE!
very sexy!
Only prof I know who answers emails at 9 at night...the man is dedicated
Couldn't stand his 'holier than thou' attitude
answers emails in 10 minutes!
good teacher with tough tests
I think everyone should deserve something like a +5% on their grades because of George's accent LOL.
Like someone said below, the time limit on the midterm was a problem for a lot of students. I almost never have problem finishing exams, but in George's classes I do. It was 8 pages with long descriptions and we were given 50min. Some of his notes and instructions for assign and exams have awkward grammar, but Eng is not his 1st language.
Seems to be straight forward but the final exam was deceivingly tough as there were no sample finals to rely on. Midterm was also tough as the time limit killed a lot of students. A lot of the final was 'new' in that we had seen it in the course material but didn't receive many questions on it. Deceptively harder than you would think.
interesting course materials, challenge assignments, fair exam! recommendGeorge is a very nice guy!
Really nice. His accent can get on your nerves, but I agree that it's not his fault. The course material wasn't too hard, but the assignments are a killer. Tries to get the class to participate by giving 'class quizzes' and having the students to vote true/false to encourage class participation. *Thumbs up*
The class is for the most part waste of time. The notes don't help you much for the midterms or doing your assignments. The project is worth it (probably the most interesting part of the course) but again connectivity from outside the labs is questionable. Overall George is a good teacher but the notes need improvement.
The lectures are a bit too dense, and by that I mean a lot of not-so-important concepts are presented that are never tested in any way. So lectures can be boring as a result. George is a good prof, and his tests are very fair. If you listen to him carefully you'll KNOW what's on the exams.
Don't get me wrong, George is an awesome guy and I learned a lot in class. The sad part was that classes were pretty boring (maybe not a reflection of George) and WebCT was hardly ever answered, even when the class required information regarding projects.
ok course but a bit difficult to understand because of his accent. Projects are cool and helpful and final exam is a piece of cake
he can't explain clearly what he taught in lecture
I also thought that he looked like Robin Williams. =)
I like the way he teaches.. not too fast and not too slow
very nice prof, just hard to understand his accent
Boring lectures
When the professor is absent for more than a month during a 4-month term, nothing can be interesting -it's because he is the CEO of his own company... Maybe we have not paid enough to have a full time professor.
funny but not really organized
like a talk show, late on posting class lec. notes, cancelled 3 classes in a row
A pretty funny guy
He is not the easiest professor by any means, but he is willing to help if u need it. He also gives out many easy projects in order to help boost ur grade, if u did not do well on tests. The tests are a bit on the hard side but he gives tons of partial credit
He is not the easiest professor by any means, but he is willing to help if u need it. He also gives out many easy projects in order to help boost ur grade, if u did not do well on tests. The tests are a bit on the hard side but he gives tons of partial credit
took him for statistical models for the social sciences and he was pretty good. his tests are very long and sort of hard, also very specific, but he explains things well, sometimes over explains things...overall a really really nice guy tho...reminds me more of a plumber than a teacher tho.
Not THAT easy.. he didn't really explain anything. Bad for people who are weak in math. Only C I got in 4 semesters
Easy teacher. But I don't think I learned anything in his class
Sosa is a great guy.Classes are pretty much all discussion.a different student will be in charge of going over the readings each day.Class can get boring but alot of what is talked about is really interesting. work is a reasonable amount although the 10 page paper is a little difficult. mid and final are easy but i hear hes harder for other classes
It is no coincidence that he gives tests on Columbus Day. Christian conservative minded people stay away, you will not like what he has to say! Dr Sosa tells it like it is; like it or not.
He was a good teacher, sometimes class would be boring! If you study hard for his tests, and re-skim the readings, you'll do fine! He is definitely nottttt HOT! yuck, he walks slow & funny, and has a flat skeleton face! ewww! I would recommend taking him though, just go to class and take notes and study the night before an exam.
So... If you take this class, you will often sit down in class with the intention of taking meaningful notes... but when the end of class rolls around you find she has said NOTHING worth taking notes on!! the tests are HARD! She says a bunch of 'filler' fancy words in class... that dont giv u any info...very repetitive style lecture! dont take this
Dr Savage is one of the nicest people I have met. He is really open and, for me, the class was an easy A. (probably because I had learned everything from the class in high school) Go in for office hours, and he will help you. Tip: if you didn't take APfrench but is decent, think about moving up to 201.
Savage knows the language (French) extremely well, and is something of a grammar expert. His grading system for papers didn't help me improve very much, which is frustrating in a composition class. The homework isn't very difficult. You don't HAVE to do it, but you won't get much out of the class if you don't. Tests aren't bad. He's a good prof.
Chris teaches at an extremely fast pace. If you tend to lose focus and start daydreaming, I don't recommend her class. She's willing to help if you ask for it.
Great Teacher! If you "get" math , I definately recommend Chris. If you are one of those boggled by the basics of math, Chris is not for you. Plenty of extra credit. She is very understanding about everything.
a nice teacher to have! she is funny and always there to help you out!!!!
Jerry isn't the best teacher, but he definitely isn't the worst. He gives clear directions on what he wants and gives you feedback on each paper. Follow his directions and you'll get an easy A. Quizzes are extremely easy, and he gives extra credit opportunities on the midterm and the final. If you want an easy history class, take Baydo for sure!
Okay, probably one of the harder classes I have had. I did everything I could and still got a "C". I wish I would have known everyone else was plagiarizing! He is a VERY hard grader and the people before me are right, if you do not nail what he is exactly looking for, you will be docked points. Also, SOOOOO much reading. I do not recommend.
If your trying to just slide with a passing grade, lazy, and unorganized please don't take his online class. I took it and I'm super lazy but I really needed this class and managed to get through it but it wasn't easy. He won't spoon feed you and he is pretty blunt about your work so don't take it personally. He grades hard and lots of writing!
No tests and no quizes. All you have to do is devote about 1 hour a week to ready the short material and write an answer once a week. You're answers don't have to be creative, just meet the requirements. This is my second online history course with Baydo...A lot of writing but it's so worth it.
I took this class online during the summer and I quickly learned that LONG!! essays is all I would be doing
He's mean. I was confused about some things in the course, because it was my first online class, and when I emailed him about it, he literally said "It's not my problem, figure it out". He seems like a very unhappy person that expects too much. His criticisms are harsh too. I would not recommend taking his classes.
I took this class online. I earned an A, but I swear, I had to work my butt off. There was an essay due every week! Sometimes 2 essays! They were long essays too. I couldn't wait for the semester to end. I hated his class. I had time for nothing else. If you hate writing essays, don't take this class. It sucks. His CDs are expensive and annoying.
This class is so hard and filled with way to many assignments. We had 3 finals in the class which took too much time! The class is filled with alot of information, and he responds to the e-mails quickly, but overall is was a hard class!I suggest not taking it online with him, unless you have nothing else to do and all the time in the world.
There is A LOT of work, do not take 2 of his online summer classes at once, it is not worth doing 6 hours of homework a day. But if you do work hard and put in effort it is possible to get an A. It seems like he grades assignments based on past work.
I've never written more for a class nor have I learned more. My weekly bulletin board answers averaged ~1300 words with a few as high as 2500 words (think 9-10 pages double spaced). No tests for the online class. I got an A.
Online class is time consuming but easy. Cut and pasting works just fine. Take it if you need another class, there's only one assignment due per week.
this class is too much work. he requires a lot of assignments, lots of reading. you definitely should have a lot of time to take this class. it's not worth it!!
nice guy, understanding! funny...the class is not 2 hard...need to study
hard class and puts down students. get bored? figure out which eye works
pretty easy
Personally, I didn't like Burton's personality, which made it hard to find motivation to go to class. Overall the class is pretty easy to understand if you put in the necessary work. He'll put material from the text not discussed in class on the text and some material directly from lecture, and extra credit is first-grade level easy.
He is a very passionate, funny teacher however, his class is pretty hard because your grade is only based on your score on 4 tests. There is no other way to earn credits.
if you want to learn psychology, Burton is the right professor. No quizzes, no homework,no study guides, 4 tests and 1 final that's cumulative.Attendance isn't mandatory, but very helpful since he does not put his powerpoints on blackboard. Tests are hard, but if you study hard than you should be fine.Overall easy going guy, makes class interesting
Vic is a wonderful teacher. Psychology was a subject that I need to take but after taking his class, I realize it is a great subject, and very interesting. He gives hard tests for sure, but just study your notes carefully and you should be good. Don't forget to read the text very carefully as well! Great Class! Great teacher!
nice guy... but if you dont like reading dont take this class. he goes off on random stuff and them doesnt have time to finish his lecture so you are on your own. your grade is based on tests only so if your not a good test taker i would find another teacher.
All he does is lecture. By the 3rd session you'll get bored and end up not going to class. It is an easy A if you take notes & study because your grade is pretty much based on about 5 exams and the lowest is dropped. BUT it can be hard. The textbook is hard to understand [he even said so himself] the best part is u dont have to write any papers
great teacher
very nice guy...i little wierd tho. he is a good teacher and i would recommend him. just make sure u study for the tests!! no hw and he takes role on occasion. class is a little on the boring side. no papers no projects, just tests.
Vic Burton is in ecclectic shambles. The guy cant make up his mind about anything, if you spit any idea out at him hell say that it is valid. The entire class will be disgusting to you if you believe humans are heroic.
He doesn't give you any feedback during the semester, but don't worry. He gives A's. I missed an entire month of class and I still passed with an A. He's just what I needed.
Love this man! Took him for my summer semester and fall. He is a very nice teacher and very flexible. Gives about 4 essays the whole semester. If your looking for an easy A this is your man. Don't buy the book....you wont use it ever! Good grade and you save money....and attendance is not mandatory but you must come in to turn in your assignments.
Missed a lot of classes unannounced, even the last day. Class consists of 4 easy essays and maybe 1 book. If you want to learn writing skills AVOID him; the only thing he teaches you is remedial grammar by crossing out half your essay. Class consists of turning in work then talking for 30 min. Funny guy, but can be kind of rude and condescending.
Very nice guy. He missed almost every other class, and didn't collect work when he said he would. His absences annoyed me to the point where I stopped showing up on time. It was very inconvenient when he missed class (esp if you live far) because his classes are very early. If you are a very serious,dedicated student, this is not the guy for you.
She is a very good professor and has plenty of energy, I would highly recommend. She does give a bunch of homework but it is not difficult.
Not a bad prof! She is very up-tempo and gets very excited about spanish! If you need help she is always willing to help you!
Very unorganized most of the time and frustrating when you don't know what will/won't be turned in. Tests and assignments are pretty easy if you actually know what you're doing. Helpful outside of class if needed and during oral exams as well. Absolutely hilarious at times without even trying, especially regarding gun control laws. Take her :)
Franulic is rather disorganized, but an extremely nice professor and very helpful when you need it. She deff cares about her students and loves spanish. Her accent can be a bit hard to understand at times, but overall a fun class, funny prof, and worthwhile experience. Read the book, know the info, and tests wont be too bad.
She is pretty unorganized, and classes are really frustrating. She's a really sweet lady but isn't the best teacher, and she's pretty forgetful. She's a pretty easy grader, though, and you don't really do a whole lot of anything.
She's a very nice lady and a fun prof. Can be hard to understand sometimes, but overall very good prof. She can be tough, but you'll learn a lot. If you need help, she's great at explaining and great at helping... you do have to ask her for the help, but she's happy to! Funny and makes class enjoyable!
Not a very good teacher, she tends to pick favorites and at times she is not very helpful. New teacher who needs to find out how to teach to all not only the spanish majors/minors! Aviod her if you are taking the class to fulfil the requirement!
Three exams and two quizzes. The 2 hours and 45 minutes once a week doesn't help. You basically need to teach yourself. The exams are not hard if you actually take the time to study and go to the Linguistics Lab. She does give a lot of extra credit opportunities and on the exams/quizzes as well. You have to work for an "A."
The material is difficult, but if you speak with her she is willing to help you out. We requested more examples, more exercises, and less lectures, and that's exactly what she gave us. If you feel kind of lost, I suggest reading the chapters assigned before class.
Worth the trip to BBC to take her! She's a little all over the place so you definitely have to get the book and READ before class. Curves exams and gives extra credit!! Definitely tries to help her students.
She is very nice, but hard to hear because she talks low. She uses the text a lot, and something I didn't like, was she would talk about her personal politics in class, which I thought should have been kept out of the class. She assigns a lot of work, but hey we're in college, aren't we?Easy A if you do the reading and assignments. Tests are easy.
It's not her fault the material is boring. I took her before and dropped because I didn't have enough time to dedicate to it. This semester I went to every class, took notes and asked questions, did the homework, studied for the tests the day before each one and got an A. If I can do it, anybody can.
NOT VERY GOOD AT TEACHING, HOWEVER YOU CAN TEACH YOURSELF.
The professor is extremely knowledgeabe. Do your reading before class. If you don't the lectures will be confusing; if you do, the lectures will explain your reading. The test is based on homework, so make sure you understand the concepts discussed in the homework. If you do your readings, it's easy. If not, it's extremely confusing.
Easy professor for grammar class
Sutton was fine. That's it. Not good, not bad. He's pretty boring. The material was OK for the most part, but the Faerie Queene sucked. Scary at first with his tough sounding papers, but not that bad. I got an A- without reading one of the books. I did have to work for it, though. Looks just like Alton Brown! Talks about his kids a lot.
He was a tough teacher, but he made you learn the material, and on days you got the tests back, there was no class...
screwed him a total of 3 times
cultural anthro. good to take for pre req. you have to read the book to get a good grade on exams. some tests let you have 2 trys make sure you write down the correct answers on the first try the 2nd try is the same ques.recommended
This guy talks very fast, and I mean VERY fast! Because of that, the class was difficult for me to follow.
My favorite teacher at LSU! He's a little hard to understand, and you have to go to classes to make a good grade in the class. But if you attend, you will do great! He's scale is 88-100 is an A, which is super helpful! TAKE HIM!
This guy gives a great lecture, but he has no interest in helping students.
I had Dr. Brady for HCalc III and had a really tough time. His lectures aren't really organized and he mainly relies on his notes as a guide. His notes take a lot of time to read and understand; the best strategy I found to do so was annotation. The #1 most important thing to do in this class is to start reading the textbook on day 1
Very passionate about math but not the best when managing time. Spent half the semester on chapter 1 and 2. Be ready to teach yourself from the book. Took 6 tests in the last week bc we were so behind. Go over each chapter and make sure to know how to do most type of problems.
Dr. Brady is very passionate about math. I took him for Calc II as my first math course at WSU. I was a little overwhelmed with the work load to begin with, but he told the class that he puts more on webassign than he would expect you do. Do enough for you to understand and get at least a 70 on his tests, and he will like you.
Dr. Brady really knows what he is talking about, there's a reason he is the head of the math department here at WSU. However, it sometimes seems that he forgets that his students have not all been researching mathetmatics for +50 years like he has which can make the class very difficult. He also likes epsilon-delta proofs and theory.. Also TANGENTS
he allows test retakes, which is good, dosent require homework, which is also good
This guy is tough. Probably most difficult calc teacher in department. There's always a line out his door with students waiting to ask questions. Only upside is his stories. There are some pretty funny ones. If you take this course go prepared.
If you're good in math, you'll do fine having him as a teacher. But, if you can't learn by sometimes having to teach yourself, don't take his class. You get 2 pts extra credit per week for having perfect attendance, which can ultimately increase your grade by 10%. His tests sometimes come from end of the chapter reviews. He's random & tells stories
I found it difficult also to sit there 3/4 hrs. & the course is offered in the evening so it can be tiring. But all you do is watch movies & listen to some lecture in the beginning. Just keep up with the movies & reading.
I didn't pass the first time. Only because the class was like 4 hours long & I wasn't used to the length. But prof. Whiteman is a nice guy & knows his stuff. A lot of outside activities, movie screening etc. Have to keep up from the beginning to pass. Not hard though.
This class is definitely not for everyone, and wasn't for me. If you're interested in green politics and such, and you have a LOT of free time outside of class, then you might like it. I work, so it was really hard for me to make it to all the events, and they're pretty crucial. David's really nice and helpful though, everyone loved him.
This class is based totally on points and there is no real grade until the end of the semester and you have to get 180 points, you shouldnt take this class if you arent willing to do activities outside of class becasue they are required
If you need a POLI class take him. Grades harder than you'd expect for an "easy" class but you have to really try to do bad. Be prepared for wierd films that ? what the heck he was thinking oftentimes :) leans left in his lectures but has no effect on course overall. notes are boring but at least the movies are original. READ THE BOOK=quizzes
This is an easy class if you don't mind hearing all of America's core values trashed every week. There are weekly quizzes that are really easy, and so are the 2 tests. The films are mostly weird, but I learned a new way to evaluate every movie I see. I recommend this class if it fits in your schedule, but don't rearrange your schedule just for it.
Easy class, but very dull.
Very difficult professor. Tests in her class are 50% of your grade and more difficult that in any other physics class. Use her office hours, they help a lot. She teaches very well, but you need to ask questions when you don't understand. Follow her process as it works. Units are everything in this class. Practice cancelling units to get it right.
Professor Behrman is very enthusiastic about physics, although a bit scatter brained. She's a funny lady and will gladly help you whenever she's in her office. Despite learning the theory of physics, I didn't feel prepared for her weekly quizzes due to the lack of example problems. The online homework was a hassle and yet important for your grade.
His grading system is unusual and the exams don't correlate with the lectures. However, the grading system is forgiving and the review sessions are helpful, so as long as you've taken calc in highschool you will do fine.
grading is super weird. You get an A if you master all of the core problems and extra problems (12 problems total) but if you don't master the core problems you'll fail. He is extremely old and was gone for two weeks and couldn't teach. Memorize how to do the problems during review sessions and you'll be fine.
McNulty is a very kind professor with a passion for teaching. However, he is not the most effective at teaching you the information. His grading system is strange but provides you with an easy A (if you go to the review sessions). If you're looking for an easy A, sign up for his class. If you want to learn a lot, choose someone else (and get a B).
McNulty has a very particular grading scale based on complete correctness; he doesn't give partial credit for exam problems. However, if you go to all his review sessions and read the textbook, it is very easy to get an A in his class! Just beware of careless errors.
Dr. McNulty is brilliant, but he's not always the best at explaining things. While his lectures are sometimes confusing, the structure of his class gives you plenty of opportunities to do well. He holds review sessions before exams that are very helpful. He's always willing to help if you ask. I enjoyed the class.
Nice guy. Says "learning the calculus" is more important than the grade, so that explains why at present the whole class is fearful of getting a grade that's not an A. Good guy and smarter than you or I am, but avoid his class. If you can.
McNulty will help you if you ask to but his lectures are stupid. Hes way too smart to teach this class and will assume you are too. He never takes attendance but his grading scale is messed up. Its really hard to fail but you gotta study a bit. his sideburns are outta control!
Very nice guy. Grading method rather odd but can be very good or bad depending on how you like things. Gets sidetracked sometimes but is very excited about what he teaches and wants you to learn.
he is a very nice guy, just too smart to teach. he knows the material (he helped write the book), but his explanations are far too confusing. grading scale is CRAZY...you get graded on each problem, not on the test as a whole.
I thought he wasn't that bad. Yes it is true that he is really bad with technology, and he does ramble on about other things, but i found them interesting. His papers were easy to do and the tests are more focused from the book than his lectures. He is a very nice man and I would take him again
I loved coming to his classes. He goes off on tangents but they are always super interesting. He's not one to make exceptions, but if you follow his rules and study the study guides, you do great.
Good professor. Ridiculous at times but definitely knows his stuff and has many experiences to share. If you are a dedicated student and actually make the effort to attend an $800 class you are paying for, you'll be fine. Talks on the quiet side so it's difficult to hear him. Papers were super easy. Exams difficult but curves them well.
I recommend taking him! I enjoyed his class a lot. He is hard to hear so just sit close to the front. He's a super easy grader and has interesting stories form his experiences
Prof Heilizer may not be the most fun teacher, but unless you are crazy into psychology then you will fall asleep. His class is 3 tests and 3 papers and for the papers, unless you write exactly what he asked, you cannot get anything higher than a C. Study well for his tests and you will have no problem
I took freds class theories of personality and i think it was a really easy class, his lecture can get a tad boring but he always tries to add stories and itneresting facts to them, or introduce videos to keep you awake. Theres no hw assignmnents aside from 3 papers that are due with the three exams. EASY CLASS and hes a pretty cool guy, reminds me
While he is not the best teacher, his logs were super easy. People don't seem to understand that they are about themselves not the book! If you can talk about yourself in respect to psychological issues, you'll be fine. I found his class to be kind of interesting. There were a lot of whiners in my class though.
While he is not the best teacher, his logs were super easy. People don't seem to understand that they are about themselves not the book! If you can talk about yourself in respect to psychological issues, you'll be fine. I found his class to be kind of interesting. There were a lot of whiners in my class though.
I think,he is a good professor. I enjoy having him as a teacher. He is knowledgeable, and I leraned a lot in his class.True, sometimes the class is boring, but he is not mean or evil as other have said. Naturally, he just do not like you eating or disturbing the class!!! He grades "very fairly"
He is an okay professor to take for psy. he isn't that bad if you have to leave the room. Only if you are disruptive leaving then he will call it to your attention. Overall, he is okay.
Boring class but not too hard.make sure you pay attention and take notes. no midterm or final...just 3 tests! he can be rude at times but overall it is a good class!
BORING....and he can be really mean
Sampson...is NOT biased based on race, he is biased based on one's ability to think not just memorize material. He really wants people to leave his class able to think about the magnitude of social problems not just what you read in the text.
Sampson is not a lenient professor. He expects his students to work hard for their grades. Take all the notes you can and read all the chapters he assigns. His tests reflect everything he lectures on and he expects you to remember most of it. If you don't think or want to work hard for a B drop this class. This is just the type of professor he is.
Dr. Sampson is a good professor. He is imtiminating and have a huge ego, but who can blame him when he displays great knowledge about social issues. If you are in this class to slack off, this is definantly not the class to be in. He is overall a great professor and you will learn in his class.
He is extremely opinionated. His lectures are interesting but are derived from his head, the required books will introduce you to his topic but will not help you if you ever miss his class. I wouldn't take his class again. He's just too opinionated & is a very hard grader.
He's pretty much obsessed with his achievements will talk about current events for 4 out of 10 weeks. Read the newspaper instead of books. Then the other 6 weeks about the subject and is very easy w/ paper grades. Do what HE asks NOT what you think of.
Extremely smart man especially with Chicago knowledge. Wasted 60 bucks on a book that was never opened because everything is based on lecture. 1 test and 1 paper was the entire grade, but if you do well on those youre set.
This man is brilliant! I really enjoyed this class. There were often debates in class, making things lively and interesting. However, don't take his classes if you like to skip class. His tests are based entirely off lecture.
straightforward; funny; demanding but knowledgeable
I agree with some comment below, his lecture isnt really helpful because he speaks really fast and he "mumbles." His labs are easy if you study for them. Some ppl say he is not approachable but he actually is. Good personality, does make jokes here and there but its bio160 study and succeed. :)
I had Holdaway for anatomy also. He definitely knows his stuff and expects a lot out of his students. His tests are extremely difficult, and sometimes thats a little discouraging. He is a funny guy and likes to throw in some lame jokes. I went in during his office hours and he was helpful with that. Its a very difficult course no matter who your te
I looked on this website prior to taking his class and was discouraged. But after taking him I respect Mr. Holdaway. He's a great teacher and knows his material. Don't pay for this class if you're not going to work hard at it to earn your grade. He is approachable, and compassionate about what he does. He's a funnt guy and loves what he does.
I was 13 years out of school,this is my second language, I have a job and a son and worked hard and got an A. He pushes you to do your best, and you know your stuff after this class. If you're sitting in class checking your facebook on your cellphone and don't pay attention you will fail. If you work hard, it pays off.
He basically lectures on his outlines that are provided on Blackboard. There is really no need to purchase the book unless you know nothing about human diseases. Tests and quizzes are on what he lectures in the class. Lots of info in a short period of time. If you study, it's an easy A. I've been out of high school 30 yrs and got a an A.
professor holdaway is sometimes confusing but he is also willing to clarify things for you.everybody said he is horrible but I took him anyway, and I got an A. Yes, if you want an easy A get maybe prof. Andresen, but if you really want to study anatomy in depth get Holdaway.
Does anyone get an A in his class???
Anatomy req major study commitment from students no matter who you take. Wish he'd hand out outlines we could fill in and actually follow these in lecture. We'd follow along better which = better learning. It's a LOT of material to cover but if you work hard, you'll be ok. Treats us as adults. Biggest complaint= not being allowed coffee in class!
Very challenging and sometimes it was hard to keep up with the material, but I felt he knew his subject matter well and I always found the lectures interesting. His sarcasm is just his sense of humor. He is a good guy.
It's not hard I just found lecture's boring. Sparks is nice but easily gets lost in lectures telling stories. I showed up to lecture most days (bc he randomly took attendance) and just worked on other homework. He claims you have to have the textbook but it's really expensive so I wouldn't bother. You can find previous editions online that are free
intimidating, but a great teacher
Great professor! I never understood chemistry until his class. The only homework is online problems on OWL. The lectures aren't mandatory, and he posts all the slides on FirstClass. He also posts practice tests before each exam on FirstClass too, and they're similar to the tests. The numbers and wording in the problems are just changed a little bit
Lectures can be monotonous, but if you do the OWL homework things will become more clear. He gives practice tests before the actual tests which are basically the same questions just changed around a little. Curves the tests quite a bit, I would feel unsure about how I did and end up getting at A+.
Very nice guy, but lectures are a bit unclear and class is usually not worth attending. But he is always willing to listen and help you out.
Participation points are huge in this class. I got 350 participation points and TOTAL you need 450 to pass the class. If you can take it on campus, do it. You're only allowed 3 absences and then he drops you from the course, but that's not terrible. Some lectures fly by and others seem to take a while. Overall great class, great professor, easy A.
It's likely he'll press your buttons a little bit, but he's entertaining and the class is an easy A. Attendance requirements were frustrating because after you earn your A you still have to show up. He's obnoxious and the talent show sucks, but you'll get your A if you show up.
Definitely more effort than an online course usually bargains for, but gaining points is rather easy if you take advantage of all the opportunities and do all right on the tests. (Although, fair warning, if something happens during a test, he won't reset it for you. You'll just have to rely on the final.) Be ready to watch videos and do some work.
First day of class he lays down the law. He gave us a simple 'follow the directions' type assignment to do that only took a few minutes, and people STILL didn't do it and got dropped. He is EASY. Just participate. He is a interesting person, with interesting stories. I don't think there was a time when I actually was dreading going to his class.
Dr. Sovik cares for no reasons you have as it's his way. If want an A, then you must participate period and pay $$. You can't email to no one only him or TA's or you will get kicked out. He isn't bad but he makes it stressful with all his strictness, participation guidelines and requirements. P.S. His TA's are the same. Good luck.
I still don't know how I feel about Sovik as a person, but I did learn some interesting things in his class. He is a very straightforward, don't give me your B.S. which is refreshing, and class is MANDATORY. Late? Absent. Texting? Absent. You get 3 absences. Easy A IF you do the participation and do well on the online, open book tests.
He is politically incorrect, which is a good thing to me personally. Would probably offend most of today's generation... Online course was somewhat annoying, in that you don't get too much of a heads up on when they are due. Workbook isn't very linear which is a good thing, makes you learn it more. Not a bad class at all in my opinion
This is one of my least favorite classes I've ever taken. I took it online, but his lectures are unbearable whether online or in class! The required shows that you have to pay to attend are also intolerable. I got an A, but I honestly don't think it was worth it. He thinks students are idiots and he has a terrible attitude. :/
He's a nice guy, but c'mon the class should be called what it really is, "Republican 101."
I really disliked how this class was outlined, only 3 tests, which were hard to get A's on because he doesn't give enough information in lecture. Also, be prepared to pay extra money for the shows. I was very frustrated with that, if you want to charge us, put it in with the tuition cost of the class.
This is the best class to satisty your cultural/diversity credit. He's an attendance nazi, but if you go, you'll be thoroughly entertained. This is one of the easiet classes I've ever taken, I walked out with an A+. There's opportunity for a lot of extra credit, and the tests really aren't that challenging. Sovik wants you to get an A..so do it.
His classes are certainly easy, if you can stand being in the same room with him for more than 5 minutes at a time. I found him to be incredibly obnoxious, to the point of nausea.
I took his on-line class and LOVE him!!!! I learned sooooo much in his class and although you have to put in the time in the on-line class, it is very very very much worth it!!! Wish I could take the class again!!!
good for an early morning class because hes very...energetic
Tough Love. Cool guy. Deal With it.
he grades so hard and his lectures make calc 2 so much more complicated than it should be
He is an extremely hard professor! You do learn calculus but it's not easy. His handwriting is AWFUL so it's very difficult to take notes. He also doesn't take well to questions, he just says you should have read the chapter before class.
A high A can be obtained by going to only one class to understand his expectations. The class consists of a practice test and a test due every few weeks that can all be found online (quizlet). He does not cover the material at the speed tests are given. The class is basically online. Incredibly easy A, he does not care as long as exams get done.
Prof. Jones gets a bad rap due to his abrasive nature. However, if you are trying, he will help you. His classes are quite difficult (though not impossible). However, you will learn more from his classes than anybody else. He wants you to learn, and he wants you to be successful. To truly be successful means you work for it. No free rides.
He really knows the material. Grades homework tough, but will give back points if you can show your reasoning. Lecture notes are well-written and teach what you need to know. The book is needed for HW problems. For the most part, the exams line up with the homework, but unless you are very comfortable with the problems, you will run out of time.
PAY ATTENTION TO GRADING CRITERIA. Typical angry Jones. Pay attention and ask questions at your own peril. Get a HD web cam and tripod or he'll rip out your heart and show it to you while it's still beating. He will fail you if you don't follow strict instructions. If you get stuck, email him at least a day or two before demo--normally helpful.
He is a tough grader on homework, and he gives a lot of homework. The thing to note is, the homework actually prepares you for the test. Be prepared to spend a lot of time on the homework though. Requires formatting that increases the time of finishing the homework significantly. You will learn the material well from his classes though.
Harsh on lab report grades
Do NOT expect an "A" in his course. Professor Jones is very rude, obnoxious, and condescending to the students. He is a ridiculously hard grader who does not believe in partial credit. He refuses to review for any of his exams. He has single-handedly made my college experience miserable. Please, avoid this man. I can not stress this enough.
yea hes hard but will help u, he makes joke that are not funny
Philosophy of Death is an amazingly interesting subject. Professor Smith is a nice guy, and he teaches a lot of interesting stuff, but none of it is relevant for the exams or paper which is your whole grade. Wasn't the greatest class ever but it's easy and undeniably interesting and a very low work load.
he is a cool guy, but so boring. you really need to try in this guy's classes.
He's a cool old man. I dug his course. He's pretty easy and he's a groovy professor with some cool stories. If you're up for a psychedelic interpretation of philosophy and theology, take his course. I've taken him for two courses and he's a funky professor.
hes a sweet man but painfully boring. especially in an 830 class being barley awake. he will help you if you need. there was only a midterm and a final so you cant screw around but if you study for it you should do fine. attendance counts so go to class if you can. wasnt difficult even though hes boring i might considering taking him again
Boring in class...but if you take notes you should do well in class. Only a midterm and a final. So you really can't screw around. But if you take notes and are somewhat familiar w/ the theories you should do fine.
He can be really unclear but read the smaller textbook and you'll have all the stuff u you need for the midterm and the final. he also tells you everything you need to know for the midterm and the final on the day of the Review.Class is really boring and attendance counts.
This class is easy. However, hes pretty boring and his lectures are dull. A pretty easy midterm and same thing as the final. Pretty easy A
he reminds me of a grandpa. most of what he teaches is not in the book and he does take attendence. He tells you exactly what is on the test, so if you take good notes, you should be set.
nice man, very into himself though. uses his own books as textbooks.. lets you know how smart and educated he is though on a daily basis. he is pretty funny sometimes, but def bring a laptop.
Took him for Phil of Death. Don't take the class. His book is a horrible and did not cover anything of interest and went off topic quite often.
very nice, easy class, remember the lecture notes, get an A
Dr. Carpentier is not the perfect professor but she is not as bad as people make her out to be. She loves the field and it shows. Students, you must participate and do the readings. She is more than open to help but you must seek it yourself. The bad part is that she has vague guidelines for grading. Take if you are actually into English literature
She is a tough grader which I would be fine with if she would at least give me feedback. No point in just giving me a grade if you're not gonna tell me why that grade isn't an A, in my opinion. Her quizzes are tough, her lectures are a little boring. Getting up to a B+ is super easy, but I felt like all efforts after that were futile.
No
Very tough and gruff. A major feminist who may resent you for having a ****.
Dr. Teague was awesome to have for Intro to Psych, but her tests did get a little tough. There is a lot of information on her power points and tests, so you definitely need to read. She doesn't give a guide of what to study, but on BB there were Unit outlines which were kind of helpful.
Lecture is incredibly boring, she talks to the ceiling most of the time... literally looking up at the ceiling. But her power points are chock full of information, study those and you'll do just fine. She does take attendance via signing a paper sheet. Occasionally will add important definitions to her slides. 50% quizzes are online and take home!
she is a nice women and very goofy. The class is boring. You should bring your laptop or you will be dying. But she is probably one of the easiest professors for this class. I didn't read the book at all and I got a B. I would recommend her.
She laughs at her own jokes a lot. You really don't need to show up to class, study her powerpoints and you'll be fine.
I took her for Psych for Bus. EXTREMELY BORING. i got an A in the class but thats b/c i read for all the tests..i dont kno if u can get away w/o reading b/c its confusing. LOTS of extra credit opportunities,esp. in spring semester bcuz every psych upperclassmen is doing a research project. participate in these and you can 1 pt. added to final grade
The truth is, she is very nice and helpful if you email her or go see her, but most people don't. Most people just bring a laptop and play Mario Kart and then complain about poor grades. If you pay attention, READ THE BOOK, and ask for help you can do well because the tests are a bit difficult.
go to class and read or you will not pass
Tests really are impossible. Do as many experiments as you can. They help out for extra credit. And don't forget to do you're modules. If you do those two things you can still get D's on the tests and get a C+ for your grade.
OK class, gets boring with powerpoint. With large classes you feel totally left out and lost sometimes. OK, no other way to put her.
She is a very nice lady but so boring. If you do not bring your lap top you will pass out from bordom. She is a very good psychologist but not a good teacher (the person before me said it best I'm just saying it again) :-)
blah.. i have more fun watching white paint dry
Decent professor. Good lecturer, but he doesn't seem to really care about his students. His tests are extremely straightforward, fair and pretty easy if you have done the problem sets. The final was a breeze and there is a huge curve. If you put in the work, this class is no problem.
He's a good lecturer, very funny at times (he suggested us in a lecture to name our dog "molozonide") :] His exams are DIFFICULT. really hard. class depends on memorization. Mdterm 1 had nothing to do with alcohols, but a question asked to draw out structure of r-2-butanol. So yes, lectures are very important and must be memorized.
He is an extremely challenging professor and its important to stay on top of your work. Some of his questions are right out of the book so make sure you study the book hard even though he makes it seem that all you need are his notes.
He's a great professor... interesting, amusing, and very clear. He maps the information out perfectly in lecture writing it on his computer projected as you write. The material is hard though and his tests are very difficult..always include exceptions and little things. If you keep up, you'll do well, but you must keep up and not fall behind.
Frechet is an excellent professor. His tests are quite hard, but do cover what is taught in class. You need to do the do the problem sets, practice exams, and go to every lecture to do well in this class. He is really nice, but don't let that fool you into thinking that he gives nice tests.
This class was very hard. I didn't like his structure of note taking, and doing the assigned problem sets was far from enough for his exams. he loves fischer projections. take advantage of having model kits. his accent was also difficult for me to understand.
such an awesome prof!!! he's so funny and i love his french accent :) if u have to take chem 3a, take it with him. tests are hard but you'll do fine if you just do many many practice problems. gluck
Him: good lectures & notes (posts online). Hint: don't take notes in class- listen, understand, write down questions, ask gsi). His tests: fair if you know material. Huge curve. Material: ch 1-5 basics of rxns (easy) 6-13 all memorizing rxns (20 per ch). Advice: DO NOT FALL BEHIND. red book, take notes in 2 colors day before lecture, practice probs
Frechet tried to make the class interesting but kinda boring at times. Test are kinda hard and has low means. He was not the greatest lecturer because he used the same compound of 10 reactions rather than changing it. His french accent is also funny with his "e-lec-trones" and "in the E-Z nomenclature, Ze iz on ze zame zide"
Loved ochem because of Frechet. Tests were not that bad, just have to prepare by doing lots of practice problems and going over his nicely done lecture notes. At the end of the semester though, he crams like a dozen rxns and shoves it down your throat. But it's not that bad...
this class is easy because he posts lecture notes online so you never have to go to class. i got an A just by memorizing those notes. tests were very fair dont listen to the other people below. overall, more lenient on grading than pederson and ellman.
Prof. Maxwell is extremely nice and cares a lot about what she is teaching, though I didn't read the textbook past the first month and still received an A in her class. You spend minimal amounts of time on the homework and receive an 100% as long as you write something decent. She did not take attendance and the homework was easy to navigate
You will read and then you will read some more. On avg, it was 30 pages every 2 days. And it's difficult to digest semantic theory so quickly. Lectures didn't clarify much either. If your focus is semantics, you should be fine. If not, luckily all the tests are open book. She's enthusiastic, interesting, responsive, and knowledgeable, though.
After taking 3 classes with him, I can say all have been equally enlightening and painfully redundant. He makes you buy his book, argue a point against him (which he initially promotes), then absolutely throws a fit if you disagree. His books and lectures are all minute variations on the same topic. Don't drink the kool-aid (A's if you do tho).
If you're looking for an easy A, Bogdan's not your guy. To do well in his class you need to read and re-read and re-read and even then you might not get an A, but he is a genius and very passionate about his material. If you're interested in philosophy of mind and willing to work hard it's definitely worth taking a class with him.
Interesting, crazy (in a good way), and I am sure knows very much in his own mind and can transfer that to the mind of electrical engineers, graduate students and the like, but if you don't have a decent background in the subject- I would not recommend. Prof could not relate the information to those interested but not experienced.
Bogdan--definitely a genius; his knowledge is far-reaching and engrossing, but I don't feel my grade reflected how much I learned. His lack of suggestions left me frustrated.
Had her for phonetics and was pretty confused the whole time. The class was a mixture of grad and undergrad students, mainly linguistic majors. We had NO GRADES AT ALL until the final, but basically everyone got an A. Was super unavailable for questions outside of class and office hours and often faulted students for not understanding things.
Not the most interesting teacher and doesn't teach information that helps in life, so it kind of feels like a pointless class other than fulfilling a requirement. She sporadically takes attendance but if you email her, she's nice about skipping class for legitimate reasons. There's no homework and two exams that are easy, but the paper is annoying.
Ms. Orie is the cutest thing! I genuinely looked forward to all of her classes. There are no tests aside from the midterm and the final, both of which were essay based and she told you what subjects the essays would be on so you could come prepared. There was also one project presentation and one term paper, both were pretty easy and graded fairly.
She may know a good amount about languages, but she's one of the least organized professors I have ever had. Extremely technical for a 100-level class, and you'll find yourself having to rewrite notes frequently because of her scattered style. The course is less fun than I imagined it would be.
Danny Lovett loves the Lord, no doubt. However, I don't think all people who love the Lord should teach classes (that students are required to take) on "how to witness the way I do." Christian cliche class--that's what this was. Ice it.
I didnt go alot but I passed anyway...I would have went if it wasnt so ealry
This is not a good class at all. He is leaving though so hopefully the new teacher will make it good
Jesus is what? Awesome!!!
its history of economics...if you want an elective take it with this guy...he really isn't that bad i promise you.
He is very hard but I think thats only because he makes the class confusing. He gives huge curves since everyone scores so bad on his test. You could pull of a C+ with just doing everything he asks for.
Subject matter was kinda boring, I don't think it was his fault. He knows his stuff but is kinda boring in his delivery. Not too hard of a class overall though.
He is pretty knowledgable, not a lot of people skills, geeky, he blazes through the material in his lectures, TERRIBLE hand writing on the board, if you go to class be prepared to do some daydreaming
Not a bad guy. Really nice and knows the subject. Just knows way too much and goes real fast. Just hang in there and you will pass. C's get degrees!!!
i don't sleep in class, but in this one I did. So boring. half his fault half the material. Go to class and endure the lectures you will get a pretty good grade. Not a tough teacher, but a bad class.
He is very disorganized. When I took his class for money and banking, I earned an A. It was a great class. BUT, I GOT A C FOR HIS OTHER CLASS. IF YOU HAVE DIFFICULT TO SLEEP, PLEASE COME TO HIS CLASS. HE WILL HELP YOU. HE IS VERY NICE ACTUALLY
exams are challenging - no study guides, essay assignments are okay
mummbles too much, hard exams - only small portion is take home, very boring
Cure for insomnia
So how is he in 490?
You have to do the practices and really put effort into this class. Theres extra credit if you attend the finance club meetings. Really good at explaining the material. Drops the lowest exam n weighs the final heavier
This is a hard class, she's a great teacher though. I struggled on the first test but after using all of her study hints I aced this second exam and got a B on the third. Use all the resources in this class including office hours and you should do fine. She's always willing to help.
This was the hardest class I have taken since Anatomy. This is a class where you NEED to study and do the homework or you will fail. 3 tests and 1 final. She will drop your lowest test grade out of the first three tests if your final is higher than any of the previous tests. Many people fail this class. Average teacher, really hard class.
She is nice, but teaches way to fast for you to grasp the material. Test are completely different from connect homework. Make sure you go to class or you will fail terribly. Hard class, but offers extra credit for attending Finance club meetings.
Very knowledgable about the subject. Talks a lot, but very helpful! Exams are NOT multiple choice, fill-in-the blanks and solving problems. A cumulative Final and a 10-page research paper in the end. Exams, for the most part, are same problems as homework with different numbers. If you do the HW right and study definitions, you will do good!
Understand the homework and the test are easy!! Cake work... Be prepared for a lot of homework
She's a good professor, can be kind of boring though. Take this class before Accounting 201 & 202, some of it overlaps. She gives hints on the homework and the tests are just like it. So if you do well on the homework you'll do well on the tests. I'd recommend her.
if you take her, dont ever be late, if your 5 minutes late your counted as absent, shes very anal about attendence. Its not easy, you have to work at it to get a good grade, but she was a good teacher
The powerpoints are helpful but STUDY THE BOOK. Tests are multiple choics and not just calculations. Study definitions. Rework h/w's.
Study the book, don't always trust her powerpoint, questions on test are "which is true" type just as much as the math....need to know more than calculations. Shes strict, but fair. Don't take her as a three hour class!
Also confused by the amazing ratings on here. I guess it's a preference choice - if you like long lectures with no slides where the prof just reads their notes for an hour, with two evaluations all semester, then that's fine. But he makes no effort to teach other than reading his notes into the abyss, and his TA this semester was extremely rude.
He's super sweet and clearly loves the subject he teaches, but he's sooo hard to follow. He doesn't use powerpoints, so ur just following his talking. This wouldn't be that bad if it weren't for the fact that he talks fast, uses lots of big terms, and doesn't repeat anything. The parts of the lecture I DO manage to get down are interesting tho
Professor Koerner has a very clear structure of the class. There are two essays and a final, and the essays are easy enough. Although he is a very sweet guy, his lectures are super dry and you honestly do not have to attend any of them to do well. He always ends a three hour lecture early - about an hour/hour and a half into the lecture.
Pretty cool dude. Kinda hard to follow during his lectures because he has a tendency to mumble, but he never went more than two hours into a three-hour night lecture which was awesome. Only two 25% papers and a 50% final so your assignments really matter. I taught myself the course and you will probably have to too.
No online slides or slides at all, funny guy, pretty boring class
He's hilarious. Would definitely take again. Classes are not too long, although can sometimes get boring since he just speaks for the entire lecture (no slides). Doesn't use blackboard either. Only two essays (midterm + exam). Class isn't necessary. Would take again for sure!
Was a 7-10pm class that ended everyday at 8:10 exactly. Kinda monotone but his dry humor is hilarious. I've never seen someone physically embody the word nonchalance so literally in my entire life, he's like THE definition of apathetic. My friends and I loved to joke about chilling with him outside class cuz he was that lax. Great dude.
His lectures are cumbersome to sit through, although his occasional deadpan and cynical humor makes it somewhat bearable, given the pedantic and wordy works he lectures about. Readings aren't necessary and as long as you focus during lectures you can get an -A
He's a simple teacher. Does not ask much from his students. Class lectures are a bit boring. But overall, you can easily achieve an A in his class.
VERY FUNNY DUDE.
Wolfgang is a cool person teaching a boring topic. You have to attend classes because he doesn't do slides or VC but if you attend the lectures and take good notes, you will do fine. He is a pretty easy marker as long as you don't half-ass it. He gives a list of exam questions before the exam so preparation for it is really straightforward.
First of all, he's a REALLY nice guy. Very relaxed and informal. His lectures, however, are painfully boring. You get the info you need if you don't fall asleep in the process. He's a super easy marker, though, and the midterms were very easy.
Awesome prof! Had him twice in first year. If you just go to class and listen to what he says, there's no way you can mess it up.
This class couldn't have been any easier if he wrote the exams for us. A take-home midterm and a final he tells you the questions for ahead of time. Definitely take if you want a bird course that requires no effort. He's a really nice guy, just doesn't seem that into teaching. Funny and nice though!
good guy, but sometimes his laziness was a little too obvious.. i wish i would have a bit more enthusiasm in the course material
Funny, knows his stuff, treats students like adults. No BS, fair marker.
A CLASS I DON'T HAVE TO GO TO...BUT IT IS GREAT MATERIAL, AND HIS LECTURES ARE A GREAT SUPPLEMENTAL
Too much reading in too little time. Good prof nonetheless. Has a good sense of humour and cracks funny jokes during boring Aristotelian and Platonic lectures.
Laziest prof at the university
I would very much suggest taking his courses. His lectures never last more than an hour. Very relaxed class atmosphere. Very very light workload. If you really want an A+, you'll have to work a bit but it won't be that hard to do.
Sometimes he can be very encouraging and nice and other times he can be the most arrogant teacher in the dept.
very picky and students are only required to explain certain views in assignments. i'd rather think. I don't feel like i learned very much, and it's not because i was familiar with any of the material before taking the course. Not worth it, I'd say.
Great lecturer, hard marker, terrible subject.
Good lecturer. Very interesting to listen to. If you are trying to maintain a high GPA, don't bother. Very difficult grader.
He knows his stuff but he is not very supportive when you need something. is exams are fair if you know your stuff. and he does explain things well if you ask as well as listening to his discussions. although is rule of being there the whole class or not at all is dumb and inappropriate
stressed out man
Difficult course, fast, tas were sloppy
It appears to be against popular opinion, but I found him to be one of, if not the most, dull and mundane Profs Ive had. I had an extremely difficult time staying focused during his lectures. While he does make the material quite clear and concise, his lectures are so anemic. With all due respect, I would not recommend him, despite his friendliness
The only philosophy class I still was enrolled in from changing my major because he is just SO GOOD. I couldn't leave LOL. One of the best, if not THE best profs at the university. Makes concepts crystal clear. Hard marker, but it just makes you want to do even better to make him proud.
He is a pretty good professor but I don't think that he is really enthusiastic when it comes to helping international students.
Really smart and knows his material like the back of his hand. Seems kind of lazy tho, late for class a lot. Overall he's good but he could work on making the class more interesting rather than sitting on the desk and talking for 80 minutes straight. Says funny things out of nowhere.
Boring
Lewis is not good. He is very boring, and funny it may sound, he is kinda monotone. He is VERY DRY and so is his class. The only thing in your mind in his class would be when would this class be over. DO NOT TAKE HIM.
Oh Brian. He was pretty scary in the beginning of the semester and his humor is kind of dry at times. If you keep in mind your goals in this class, which is to improve your ear... you will need to work hard to do all the inclass assignments and remember to review once every couple of days for half an hour to keep a good standing in class.
I've had Brian Lewis since my first semester and I liked him a lot- he's sarcastic, but if you do your work and try in class than he won't have a reason to kiddingly mess around with you in class. Overall, if you give him a reason to pick on you, he will. I have never found him strict or hard. Homework is to practice the classwork. not hard
DEFINITELY plays favorites (and I was a favorite). He will mercilessly criticize and ridicule you for missed notes, poor intonation, or lack of practice. Tough grader, but excellent sight-reader himself. Boot camp for ear training - I learned a lot.
I have always had a rough time with this professor. Very unforgiving, rigid. Does not take your opinion into consideration. Very disappointed.
People who reviewed her said "go to class and you will pass". That is absolutely false, because I went to every class and tried to listen and take notes from her boring lectures. If you do not sit in the front she will not give you help whatsoever. Her study guides are pointless as they are all youtube links that do not even work. DO NOT TAKE HER
THE CLASS IS BORING AS HELL. SHE IS A SWEET PERSON BUT LIKE TO BLA BLA BLA... ALL THE TIME PLUS HER TEST ARE HARD ONLY ESSAY! SO BE PREPARED FOR A BORING CLASS!
I've had several classes with him. Once you get to know him he's great. Doesn't tolerate slackers.
Dr.Uehling is very interesting. He wants you to learn and doesn't tolerate lazy students.
If enjoy somebody who just puts you sleep by talking the entire time take her
she is a nice teacher,and definitely knows her stuff. however, i get lost when i try to match her notes to the textbook. i didnt put the effort a 400lvl class requires, but for the info i knew on the test, my grade didnt reflect it. she wants SPECIFIC answers, and doesnt curve. i got my first c EVER
Would someone please show how fair Dr. Fisher is on grades, curves, & the like?
tendancy to be hositle outside of class
Not for everyone that's for sure but not a difficult class, 2 essays and the final and that's it. The content is rather dry and it's hard to decipher what is important or not from his lectures. However, Professor Nutbrown is a great guy, funny too.
His lectures are always interesting but hard to figure out which parts are important and how you can use the lectures to answer questions on the final.
A very interesting class. Going to lectures was an absolute must.
Boring, and the guy's a dutch commie. Talks down to you if you disagree with him, but has a great sense of humour!
Meh...
Completely wrong, but super nice. Will give you extensions for months on end!
endearing, however i don't like his lecturing style
Has very nice hair!!
His lectures were uninspiring, but he's a lovable person
Very interesting, realtes the topic to real life, however isn't great about office hours, and tends to stray off topic alot
awesome prof!!!!
HARD prof, good, but hard.
He is really funny. His lectures aren't usually on topic, but I really thought he was knowledgeable. The tests are straight out of the book, so read and you'll do fine. I got an easy A.
she makes this noise w/her teeth that does get annoying. i just think she wants attention. she reads notes too fast, and her tests don't make you learn anything (not that i would want to anyway). some questions you can't even find in the book, and you have to ask. if u dont like work, dont take her.
she is not really all that good of a prof but she gives you all the test questions before time all you need to do is memorize the stuff
The tests are obscenely long, but you can learn a lot from this class. She's pretty nice.
A 22 page exam on the UK is not my idea of fun...
I have mixed feelings about Proff. Goss. Some days he's alright, and makes class okay to sit in. Most of the time his discussions go no where- he has trouble keeping the discussion going. He's really akward. I had him for second semester of CORE and I def. wanted my old CORE proff back after having Goss.
if you like to talk take this class. very easy but i didn't learn a thing. it's all discussion based but isn't that deep. you dont' talk much about literature but more about how it relates to life. don't expect literally analysis.
Strict on alertness and class participation. Grades hard on peer reviews.
The dude's hairy!
Dr. Goyne is a great person outside of the classroom. But as a freshman taking Chem their first semester I would say choosing this class may have been a bad choice. I had people in my class that transfer from Gen Chem to Chem 111 and said that they wish they wouldn't have moved down because it was more work and more challenging.
He is way too smart. It almost seems like he should be doing research in a lab. Hes a really nice guy and tries his best to help, but he makes the material more difficult than it probably needs to be. Study his notes and do the weekly homework assignments. Lab was cool, we made soap and root beer!
Extremely helpful!!! Make multiple opportunities for you to ask questions. He is very smart and loves to highlight everything. He is a really good teacher.
Sweetest man I have ever met. He does everything he can to help even if his instructions are not the most clear.
He is a really nerdy prof. who is too smart for his own good. I had him for chem 111, you can tell he knows the material but he does not know how to explain it so students will know. He is always there if you need help. If you go to him if you can't help he will probably give you a break. He has student aid's grade hw and they make mistakes. nice
goyne is a little difficult to follow as his thoghts are everywhere and pretty fast paced, but he is a very willing man to help anyone, he makes time and sets up alot of study sessions for people who want good gardes can make it possible.
A tad scatterbrained, but he does know his stuff. Willing to help all the time! He cares a lot about his students. I've never had a professor who cares as much as he does. Valpo is lucky to have him.
He is somewhat disorganized, but he can also make the class fun and cares about his students.
Teaches really well but is extremely hard to get an A or B on his class. Take his class if you really want to learn coding as his teaching is really good but beware of your grades. Gives terrible assignments that take very long to do and also refuses to increase test scores once submitted.
Interesting class, make sure to go its really easy to get lost if you don't pay attention. The online notes are useless, read the book instead, it has a lot of the details the notes gloss over. I Enjoyed the class even if the lectures can be a little dull
Class is not paced well. Quizes are more like what you would expect for a test. Tests are unusual - Ramirez is obsessive compulsive about the material. You will work for every point. Some material on test is phrased poorly. Make sure you study everything - notes, handouts, projects! He makes it harder than it has to be.
An entertaining lecturer, but doesn't prepare you for the tests. This may make the tests seem hard, but is actually a flaw in his teaching method.
Typical CS sense of humor (yawn). Lecture atmosphere is light, which is unusual for CS classes, but his personality out of class is different - very cold. Flies through material. Tests are brutal; I withdrew to save embarrassment. ;-)
it wasnt that hard of a class if you like programming, the programs where fun
Really funny. Sometimes disorganized but I thought he did a good job teaching overall. I had no programming experience before this class and was able to do really well. Many people struggled, however, but just make sure to practice and work on the assignments on your own and you will be fine.
Novacky is a really nice guy, but he has a tendency to ramble on about meaningless topics. He's a fair grader though and wants to help students. The projects can be hard sometimes, as he doesn't explain how to use the techniques needed to complete the projects, but the exams aren't so bad.
Nice guy, knows his stuff, but was rather disorganized/didn't take it seriously
If you like to cram for a test a few days before a test, take Daley. He posts 3 practice exams for each course exam (30% each) that are virtually identical to the real deal. Your TA can make or break the deal (but HW is only 10% of your grade). Overall taking Daley was an incredibly wise decision to get 1502 done and out of the way. Will curve too.
He's a great guy and defintely knows his stuff. The course material is tough and he knows that. If you make a good attempt at learning the material, he doesn't let it go unnoticed. Best way to get through the class is to go to all lectures and memorize the text book. Seriously. OH and do the homework; it shows up in some form on exams.
Daley does a decent job of explaining the material, which in his defense is pretty difficult to teach. The class gets pretty hard at times, you'll need to spend a lot of time studying if you want an A.
Daley is a good teacher, but this class is hard and EXTREMELY boring at times. Fortunately he tells you the exactly what's on the tests ahead of time so you will never waste time studying things you won't be tested on, but often takes off a lot of points for small mistakes.
sometimes clear, sometimes goes on long tangents... during these times I want to raise my hand and ask if I can touch his beard
Consistent, no surprises, fair tests, fair grading, but... horrible 1-1 interaction skills. Completely ignored 2 or 3 emails from me, tries to talk-away most problems/issues.
favorite class so far. if you think it's useless, you should pick another major
This class wasn't quite what I was expecting - I figured we would be doing a bunch of interesting proofs, but instead we had to write a bunch of essays. The material was still cool and his lectures were decent, but I feel like the writing assignments were not helpful.
He's really into math more than programming. He shouldn't be teaching intro level classes, or CS for that matter. He should be teaching math if that's what he wants to do. We're here for CS, not math. So annoying. You will teach yourself CS.
The class is pretty easy. It consists of 5 projects (only 2 of which were challenging in my opinion) and 3 exams (including the final). All of the exams are easy if you go to lecture. He tells you everything you need to know. Not my favorite professor, but he made it easy to succeed. The book is useless. Don't buy it. Never opened it once.
Also had CS445. He rambles a lot and makes it clear he doesn't like java. He uses the same examples/projects a lot, but the class is easy. Three tests and a handful of projects. Use google instead of the book. Go to class to get a clear understanding of what he wants on the project so you have to do less work.
I was half and half on Aronis. He strictly teaches the way he learns (paying attention in lecture and notes) and doesn't seem to approve of other approaches. Projects are overly complicated and don't necessarily teach subjects. Codes on the spot, and tends to make mistakes (and argue their correctness). Easy class if you are a programmer.
Give him a chance. Don't judge too quickly. May come off cold but he wants you to do well. Good lectures even though he doesn't know java particularly well, as far as small details are concerned. Go to class. Learned quite a bit from projects.
He seems like he doesn't have a clue as to what's going on. He makes a LOT of code mistakes in class, although his homework and exam code is fine. Lectures are boring, but that's probably more the class than Dr. Aronis. That being said, he is a very nice person and is willing to help students if they ask for it. Don't bother buying the book.
At first I disliked Aronis because he didn't seem like a very capable programmer. For example, he is too shy code hands-on in front of us. But after experiencing the range of CS profs, I've decided he's not so bad. He can effectively teach the basics of CS. So, avoid if you can, but don't despair if you can't; you will still learn a lot.
Teaches theory / Pseudocode. Tests were doable with some studying- just do example codes, review website information. Final was easy. Homework wasn't too bad, a little complicated. Would take again. A+
First thing you notice is that he tends to put his accents on the end of his sentences. He tires to be funny and he teaches rather basic programming to an intermediate class. Finally, he teaches abstract ideas more than the actual language. "You'll always have the java-docs" he says, but his tests are not open notebook, and you write code on them.
What in the world is he teaching?? He goes way off the deep end!!
average difficulty
The man is nice, but he seems to have issues with his professional life; he tries to work in jokes about it's patheticness during teaching. He also irratatingly ends every sentence in an upbeat, like a question. Easy enough, but hard to listen to.
Irritating habit of ending every sentence as if he were asking a question. Pace waay too slow, but assignments eventually got mildly interesting. I got a high A after hardly ever going to class.
considers fun sitting in a tree and writing programs
Boring as can be, very easy course, hardly need to showup.
had him when 401 was c++..
Yes, it was 1502 - you're better off having anyone but Bob Daley
Go to pass and you will be fine. Go to lab multiple times a week and you will be fine. There are so many people who complain about this course. Simply put, if you cannot handle Steven's anatomy, how do you expect to handle med school and liability later in life. If you step up, do the work, and put in the effort you will get an A.
Dr Stevens is a great professor. If you take this class you need to be prepared to do the work. If you don't study, his lectures will make no sense. If you do study his lectures become very helpful. Dr Stevens teaches his students how to study to prepare for higher learning. I look forward to taking his upper level classes.
First. I LOVED this class If you plan on taking this class and not putting much work in, don't take it. Dr. Stevens teaches his class at a very high level, you HAVE to study or you wont understand a thing he says. His tests are hard, but the curve is very fair. There is no reason you can not make a B. 20-30 hours of study a week will get an A.
Never got above a 60 on the lecture exams but definitely one of my favorite classes. He's a sarcastic ass sometimes but he's always willing to take the time to help you. Getting in a study group is so important.
Even with the harsh reviews, his class is a MUST-TAKE for anyone going into health sciences. And NOT just because it's a general education requirement. He does a great job of exposing you to the material, all of the material, so when you get to higher education you've at least seen it before. Also pushes you in lab, which is amazingly helpful.
This class is no joke. Read the book prior to going to class and you'll get the most out of lecture. Watch khan academy videos. Clicker points really help with your final grade. He curves 30ish points on the exams. His sarcasm can be obnoxious at times but after you finish you will have learned a lot from this class if you take the time to study!
Dr. Stevens is the only teacher that ever challenged me and taught me how to study hard and actually be a student. Yes he rambles in lecture, but he does cover the material and he expects you to know it. You can't look for professors to spoon-feed you information. STUDY, YOU'RE IN COLLEGE NOW! I got an A both semesters with hard work and dedication
This guy is a character. He's full of cool science facts but spends too much time ranting about politics. He genuinely cares about students though. YOU MUST READ. Read each chapter twice, preferably before class and then before the exam. And I mean read and take detailed notes, not just skim. Tests are hard but "grade adjustments" are big.
Dr. Stevens has good intentions. Honestly the trick to this class is to go to lab more than once a week, form a study group with the people you frequently see in lab, and get to know Dr. Stevens because he will help you out. Numerically speaking, I was supposed to recieve a B+ in the class, but I got an A. My test scores ranged from 41-63.
Only professor for Anatomy. Class is very difficult. You must study with a study group. DO NOT be upset if you get a 50 on the exams he will curve it with about 40 points! You have to bust your butt to get an A but it's definitely possible! Attendance is done through clicker questions. If you truly love anatomy you will love this class.
Dr. Stevens is a very knowledgeable professor. His lecture style is modeled after medical school lectures. Tests are atrocious and most students struggle to get a C, but he curves generously. Many opportunities to earn points with in class quizzes and online quizzes. Requires a lot of time, but in the end very worth it.
Definitely a challenging course. If you are looking for an easy A, this is not the class for you, but you will learn a lot. As long as you put in the time and do not allow yourself to be intimidated you will do fine. Great teacher and really cares about the success of his students.
Dr. Stevens is an amazing professor. He teaches you a new way to learn and it helps with the content of the material.
Why do people assume the professor is bad when they don't put in the effort to do well? Dr. Stevens is a great guy and he teaches well. Getting to know him and visiting office hours helps. Yes, the material is VERY hard. Read, read, read and study! Stevens can't help you be a better student, but he presents you all the material to know and master.
He's not hard. the material is. I had no interest in A/P, took it as an exploratory class, decided not to pursue a medical career however I learned a lot. I'm a slacker and found this class easy enough. anyone who thinks otherwise literally puts no effort into it.
Dr. Stevens is a difficult teacher and has the tendency to jump topics during the class. I recommend just approaching the class with some humor. Its hard but not impossible...he curves (regardless of what the syllabus says). Hes nice and is funny I honestly think he cares about his students. Its a learning experience, take him but be ready to work.
Dr. stevens is an amazing teacher. He is really difficult and I recommend reading everything plus doing internet research on important topics. I know that I will succeed in gross anatomy for PT school because of him.
This class is hard and requires 100% of ur time. I'm Not kidding! If you can avoid Dr. Stevens, please do. Especially if you have more than one class. He's too smart for his own good and you need to read the entire chapter before he starts it in lecture, in the anatomy and pathophysiology book. You'll be lost otherwise. Tests r HARD!
weird... Dr. Steven's presentations are very informative and interesting. Dr. Steven's ,probably, does not have the best teaching style, but I got very valuable experience out of this class.
Well, his class is hard, but not impossible. It just takes a lot of work. Get in a study group on the first day. Start studying for the exams at least two weeks before each one. Don't panic if you see a 45 as your 1st exam grade, he curves at least 30 points. Also, read the required chapters before going to lecture, it helps!
if you go to class and get to know him a little bit he will help you out. i did terrible on all the lecture exams but kicked butt in the labs. that's the only reason i got an A.
I hated it at first! but once I got the hang of things and understood his expectations it wasn't that bad.if you're going into any graduate studies in the health field YOU NEED TO TAKE HIM. He knows his stuff-maybe more than he should!It is a lot of hard material to grasp,but read the book(s),cluster, and ask questions. p.s- julia is a good lab TA!
He knows his stuff. He's a good teacher if you don't mind the rants and yelling. I feel I could have learned more if he had stopped cursing at everyone and got to the point. His tests are hard as hell, but he adds like 20+ points to each one so the class can pass. I might not like him, but I did learn a lot from him
Stevens is very informative and intimidating. I went to his office hours and he made me cluster EVERYTHING that begins with the letter G. I have no idea what that was for.My advice is to talk to him as often as possible because he will boost your grade if he sees that you are trying in his class. STUDY FOR HIS TEST! The final exam is 460 questions.
He's okay
I had him for A&P and Dev. Bio.... he's hard and very demanding; but you learn in his class. if you wanting to go to med school you're only prepared for it, if you take his class.... do the work, read the material and study and you will be fine.
Loved the class....but unclear in some details
He has such are large curve at the end of the semester that you have to be pretty dumb to not pass that class, I got an A both semester and put very little effort into the class, his test are all multiple choice, you can't get anything easier than that.
Very knowledgeable..but very arrogant. If you can handle his ego, then you shouldn't be going into a profession filled with individuals with "god" complexes..
You will never get an A on one of his tests and the final is over 4 hours long.
Ahhh! Ever had a teacher that's dyslexic AND ADD? Take Anatomy and Physiology if you wanna know what it's like...but you don't, trust me.
wake up call to anyone who thinks they are gonna skate through ODU. Not an easy class at all. DO NOT take unless you have lots of extra time to study and spend in lab. Its passable, with work, lots of work.
If you are 100% & positively sure you are ready for a challenge in any medical profession then take his course. He is very well knowledgable and will challenge you. All tests are fort knox hard. Take both in the summer and get it over with. Serious inquiries only. Experience the pain it's fun.
Great teacher! Try to get to know him outside of the lecture hall. He's really not that intimidating.
VERY hard class, if you take it during the summer plan on not having a life. He expects you to know 4 weeks worth of info in 1 week and it doesn't seem to help much to over-study cause what you spend so much time learning isn't usually even on the test.
Very hard class, but if you are willing to study a lot you can at least pass with a B. He is very blunt and to the point and doesn't sympathize with students but is willing to help people who are working hard.
caring
Dr. Leathrum is a very smart man, but he's a tough teacher. If you want to pass his class, you have to earn your grade; giving his work half-effort to the average person is NOT a viable way to do well in his class. However, if you to his lectures and actively participate in the curriculum, it will pay off. ENGN 150 is a total hit or a miss.
He was a pretty solid teacher. The labs are frustrating because I have low understanding of everything he teaches in the lecture but he's always open for questions. The grade is weighted heavy on the lab assignments, but luckily he had a crew of 3 TA's and a handful of tutors that can help. Not much hw, mainly just labs that were assigned. No EC.
Class was easy and straightforward but the professor was impossible to reach. If you have a question don't bother emailing because she doesn't respond. Still, the class was an easy A.
i have no complaints about her as a prof, but this is my third week in this class and Im burned out. The work isnt hard but theres A LOT of it & its time consuming. Not to mention if you miss one weekly assignment out of 3 or 4 you get a 0 for the entire module. no partial credit!! and then she makes you do a 1 page db with a 1 page responses.
Theres lots of assignments to get a good grade. But her test questions are vague. The tests can be hard and you have to read a lot to understand the material and do okay on the tests. If you do the chapter questions, Discussion boards, and responses that are due every week, youll do fine. Just get ready to be confused on the tests
She seems nice based off of emails, but the tests are ridiculously hard. Don't plan on looking the questions up, because it's difficult to find any definitive answers. She only gives 50 mins for 50 questions which doesn't help. I failed every test we took in the online class. Other coursework was easy, but the tests were unbearable.
super easy class! I took it online, everything is basically open note/book so its hard to not pass with an A+! she basically grades on completion. she sends a lot of emails, but is great! take her if you want an easy A!
Prof Clarke is pretty condescending and bossy in her emails/posts/syllabus. Many things are repeated and written in caps lock like she assumes you're too dumb to have noticed it the first three times she typed it. I get that she may get tired of students asking redundant questions, but this is her JOB. Lots of work, but also extra credit available.
There are a total of 18 quizzes and chapters to review: you only need to complete 10 of each. There are also 4-5 additional assignments on the discussion board. You work at your own pace; self-teaching.
The exams are everything! They are the majority of the grade. If you do not do well on those you will not do well in the class.
Pretty easy, LOTS of busywork. Tests aren't made by her but the book. There were a lot of errors in tests and they are impossible to ace. I've take many psych classes, online and in class. Overall, I would not recommend this class.
Quizes are required for participation. The q's are reused on the exam but you definitely need to be familiar with the book. She requires you to do a total of 50 questions from the book (across 10 chapters) and that can get tedious. The course is mostly busy work and the test questions are clearly from the publisher of the book.
Professor Clarke I would say has a fair class. I took her online. Easy format, mainly quizzes that are only graded for participation. She added points to every exam, I can't complain. She rarely emails in a timely manner, but I try not to complain because extra points on exam. If you do all your work you should get an A.
Takes forever to post final grades. Classes have been over for weeks and I have already graduated, but I still do not know my grade for her class. I have taken her a few other times and this always happens.
Here we are, a week away from a new semester and I still don't have my final grade. Pitiful! The class is easy if you follow instructions, she just needs to learn how to keep up her end of the professor, student bargin!
Sounds intimidating in syllabus but her class is actually very easy... open book tests, 5 application exercises, 10 participation quizzes, 5 study guide questions, and plenty of extra credit opportunities. Don't put anything off and it's an easy A... maybe an hour or two of work a week.
I took her for 351 and 363. Tremendous amounts of work! Tests are challenging. She expects every student to follow directions the way the syllabus states word for word, yet responds to e-mails with a huge attitude. She also floods your inbox complaining about how many students she has and how hard her job is. She should lighten up her work load!
The class was straight forward (363 online). You have plenty of chances to make up your grades and get your work done. Tests are easy and assignments are self explanatory. There is no reason to get anything less then an A. I'd take a class with her again.
Ive taken 4 classes with her and they are a all the same. Lots of work, 3 assigmnets per week,3 open book tests, (but is useless because questions are in such detail you dont have enough time to find them.) Its like HELL getting grades from her,and never expect an email back. Major Slacker and lots of work to do. dont recomend her
I had Prof. Clarke for a few classes, her expectations are CRYSTAL clear, but she is VERY VERY VERY slow to respond to emails. Do the Extra Credit. Also, has a strict A, A-,B+...grading system. Just do all the work and try hard on the tests. A lot of work, but not too hard.
Not an easy class. She lets you use your notes and text to take the test, but you must study and know the material before. Flipping thru the pages during the test will not get you an A or B. Not too bad of a class and I found it really interesting!
This was the first class I took online and I aced it. You def need the text for the material but the answers are all right out of the book so you just need to look. Only need to do work for about half the chapters in there which you choose which ones in case u miss any. Miss one of the first 2 exams and u can make it up at the end of the semester!
Ive taken several online Psych courses with Clarke and she lays out what she expects in the class outline. Only thing is she doesn't post grades in a decent amount of time. You need to read the textbook and turn in assignments on time to get a good grade. Always offers extra credit, which does help if you don't do well on exams.
Very easy class if you do your work ahead of time. Gives extra credit which helps a ton in the end. Clarke seems to be taking on more then she can chew cause grades are never posted on time. I would recommend her for any class...super easy.
To her credit, she was clear in what she expected from the students. However, I found her to be rude and unhelpful. She was also forgetful, as well as slow when it came to posting grades. (I took her course online)
I think this professor may be overworked because she's definately changed her attitude from last year. She does not provide much feedback and all student questions asked seemed to provoke her wrath in this course. Take a break from Clarke.
likeable, good lecturer, fair grader
very good
I like the course material, but his lectures are hard to follow. You should write every single thing down.
He's a nice professor, it's just a boring and difficult class. I found it hard to sit though an hour and a half class listening to the material. His tests are ridiculously hard, some easy memorization, but you also have to memorize the absolute most irrelevant information ever. More like a philosophy class in my opinion.
Good teacher knows his stuff but tests are just irritatingly hard. Can't just study night before. Half of points are based on fill in the blank. Studying is hard b/c material can come from anywhere book or lecture and he doesn't always cover everything from the book but your responsible for it so it feels like double the material. Not an easy class
Have to remember tons of names for each test. During class you cannot tell when he switches topics and people - boring, lecture, required, ugh.
He's a great professor! He gives a ton of extra credit, at least a whole letter grade worth. He also goes over everything in class, including homework, so you have the opportunity to do it before you have to turn it in. He is kind of mono-toned though and the class is boring, but he's a great professor nonetheless.
Accounting is HARD. He offers alot of extra credit though. Need the textbook. Dr. Z is nice though, the class is boring.
Very vague not taking. Very demanding she may seem easy going but there is a lot to do. Make sure u read your text book a lot of quizzes come from the book that she doesn't cover in class. Do not put off reading the book that is assignment it will come to haunt you. Feels like i should only take this class by itself to get everything done.
Nice lady, but lectures are very boring. I almost fell asleep every class. Notes are all over the place and there is A LOT of reading and homework. The novel is fairly interesting though. Exams are VERY tough, but passable if you do the reading.
I disagree with the statement (2 comments back) of "Those students who dont like her..dont put up the effort..are too immature to thrive.." I am a med student with 110% thrive to succeed & I couldn't stand her poor grammar/speaking skills or
didn't let us watch TV on 9/11. But my Iraqi professor did...
One word, homework
Way too much work, tries to cram too much into class, learn very little. Not recommended.
Boring and pedantic
If you are into computers, more power to you. If you like the fact of learning about the history of computers then this is your class... otherwise take really good notes because you get to use them on every test and the final! Good guy overall!
Interesting
Has a tendency to go off subject a bit, but is very enthusiastic about music. Overall, a solid prof.
He does have a tendency to teach as though his students are music majors and there is a ton of busy work but he has a great love for music and does a good job of giving that to his students. If you try, he will give a decent grade.
Agree with the comment about not 300 class. Long assignments that are too much for a 100 level. 99% are not music majors so expects too much of people who don't care
Easy class! Enjoys talking and giving his experiences.
He monopolizes the class discussions and doesn't allow us to talk about what we want to.
While his teaching was pretty good, his tests were pretty hard and unclear.
Test very long, knew material and still could never finish
She focuses a lot on speaking so be ready to be talking to partners, groups, and the whole class. She is a stickler when it comes to grading and will take off little points here and there for any tiny mistake. There were a few times when I asked for advice or an early look thru of a composition and she said no because it would be unfair to the clas
I think Prof Ames is a very good professor. This is a tough class, there is a lot of work, a lot of reading, a lot papers, however, if you put your hard work into it, it pays off. Ames is a very tough grader but she cares about her students and is open to helping each and every one. Again, tough class but if you try, it's not bad.
She is extra makes you memorize things that will not help you speak or understand spanish. Shes a nice lady though
Professor Ames is a good professor. She gives lots of homework and she makes sure everyone participates. If you study for the exam really well you will pass. Be prepared to write short answers in spanish. She is very respected thought because she has so much passion for the language. Id say average professor.
She is harsh grader for essays. Her class requires a lot of effort, but she makes the subject matter boring even to someone who loves Spanish. If you see her outside of class, she makes you feel stupid and incompetent.
Should work on the structure of her class
Nice woman, encouraging, but harsh grader.
shes rather difficult and intimidating. But you learn a lot.
She seems terminally ill, but is nice enough. Just laughs too much as if everything was hilarious.
This guy is hilarious. If you don't mind explicit language and random life stories, he's an absolutely amazing teacher. He's extremely knowledgeable about the subjects he teaches and expands on every subject in correlation as to how it pertains to current events. His tests are kinda hard but he offers a lot of extra credit opportunities.
Straight foward,says what he wants to say.A character,I liked his class.
He was awesome. His lectures were boring for some people, but if you appreciate a prof. who is passionate about the subject matter you will enjoy this class. He is very blunt so his choice of words my offend some people at times. The multiple choice questions are hard, and you must read the book to do well one that part. Overall, easy grader.
Awesome Professor.He is very dry, but hysterical. I thought his humor kept the class going. I have taken three of his classes and he made me love history even more.Get ready for some long lectures, pay attention, don't get on his bad side, keep an open mid and you will be fine.The tests really aren't that bad if you listen and take good notes
He was a good teacher in class, but when i came to his test......WOW.....they were so hard. his multiple choice questions are so confusing. when he gives you the library readings make sure you read them, or you will be screwed. he is a good guy. tells some interesting stories.all around good class
Do the extra credit! His tests are very hard, but he is very bright and interesting to listen to.
I thought he was pretty boring the first couple classes, but he got more interesting as time went on (even cracking a few unexpected side-splitting jokes). If you do the assignments you'll get a good grade, but you need to read the textbook and do all his exercises to get something out of the class. Prof. Holdt's a real nice guy.
easy class..just do all the work...u dont even necessarily have to attend every class to get a grade
Class is a little boring but he is a really nice teacher. He is also very apprachable.
I loved the first impression she gave me. She seems very nice and speaks clearly, but she is not as sweet as she speaks. Not very fair to the students. Treating some students extremly nice, but not very nice to some students. Maybe a great teacher for beginer international students. Not for college level, she is lost herself.
Dude is tough, but well worth it. You'll learn quite a bit if you pay attention.
Not very faithful to office hours. Uses slides, assumes students know processes when he does the occasional example problem on the board, big user of powerpoint slides.
He made everything extremely hard and confusing and his test were outrageous. the lab final was so difficult that you would have had to remember everything you did during lab from what was added to how to calculate...would no recommend
BAD BAD BAD. Expects you to know Chem and practically makes you feel like a freakin' idiot of you ask a question. I would not recommend! I actually took a "W" on my grades in order to take it again and get more out of it! I recommend Prof Ki
This class is really hard, and Stolzy doesn't make it any easier for you, but hes a nice guy and you just gotta put in some extra work into the class.
The class content is hard; Koch is pretty awesome though
This was probably the weirdest physics class that I've taken thus far at UO. Grading was just decided off of the homework assignments, but there weren't really deadlines or specific grading criteria (the questions were decently hard but he would help with them). Nice guy, has a lot of interesting knowledge, but the class is mostly in the homework.
He is a really smart guy and teaches the class well. HUGE curve on everything, so just put a little effort into the quizzes and exams and you can easily pull off at least a B. He is very condescending at times, but he is hilarious as long as you don't act stupid and ask terrible questions.
This class was the biggest disappointment. I was way excited about History of Spaceflight, and the fact that is was a freshman seminar was cool. But this class isn't really structured for freshman, it would be better for Sophomores and up. The lecture notes are online and the grade is based on a midterm, final, and term paper.
Great teacher, brought me into the World of Astronomy ever since I have taken his ASTR121. Challenging Online Quizzes. Long but easy exams, 100 Multiple Choice questions is all he has for you for Midterm and Finals.
Schombert truly knows the material. Very knowledgeable and conveys lecture material well. He is always willing to answer questions in class during his lecture. This class consisted of 26 online quizzes and 3 exams. Math is only on the online quizzes. Exams are difficult, but there is a fairly big curve, so you can still do well.
Hard to get an A but he will help you if you go in to his office hours. He is just kind of mean.
Very Knowledgable, but lacks the ability to clearly transfer the needed information.
Mr. Shombert is a very knowledgable professor, in large classes lacks interest.
Difficult class, but I learned a lot and was confident in his ability to teach. If your lazy and you don't like school don't take him. But if you want to learn I highly recommend his class, especially the Russian History classes.
It doesn't get any better than Garfield. His tests are hard, I won't lie, but the class is worth it. Plus, he throws some great parties.
Professor Winkler was a great teacher but his lectures are quite boring. He likes to pair students up almost every class to do a activity, so be ready for that. He grades easy and he helps you out a lot with questions you may have about your paper. Conferences with him before every paper is due are helpful too. Overall a good guy and good class.
The lectures were given by Ammerlaan, but all grading was done by GSIs. There were two quizzes, essentially a midterm and an exam, that tested more advanced concepts compared to what we learned. The structure of these quizzes felt like an AP exam. There's a lot of 'fluff' grades to balance out the quizzes, but your grade will depend on your GSI.
The workload wasn't bad and lab activities were doable, but we had some strange quizzes and I feel that lecture content didn't prepare us well for it. The class is GSI orientated, and I was lucky to have a helpful and nice GSI
It's ridiculous how much work goes into this class, specifically the last 1-2 weeks, for a 2 credit lab and how in depth papers/presentations/quizzes are based material that was presented at a very basic level. Ammerlaan was a boring lecturer, reading off a pdf that was given ahead of time, grading is strict. Too much work for a 2 credit intro lab.
The class was very lecture heavy and the lectures were pretty confusing and all over the place. He was a very understanding, kind professor, but the class was just difficult because there were very few assignments.
For a 2 credit lab class, Bio 173 is a lot of work. There are 2 papers, 2 group presentations and 2 tests. The material seems a bit too in-depth for a simple intro bio lab course. You will probably feel lost if you haven't taken or aren't currently taking 171&172. He's a good prof (and is super helpful one-on-one) just a very tough grader.
I read a lot of negative comments before starting this class and I was surprised to actually like him. He doesn't read off the slides as much as people say, and he does have a good sense of humor. But, also, don't really worry about it if you happen to miss lecture. :abs are more important and GSI's grade everything
This class is a lot of work & lectures can be boring (but pay attention to them, he gives answers to prelabs or info that may be on quizzes), but if you put in the effort, you can get a decent/good grade. It's not too bad. Treat the quizzes like exams, I mean this, study hard for them. The papers are annoying, so go to office hours for help.
The outside workload for this class is heavy in comparison to other lab courses due to papers and presentations. Grade was dependent on GSI, but he says he gives extra points to "tougher" sections to compensate. However, his expectations for quizzes were pretty high for an intro biology course but all the information was mostly covered in lecture
He was decent. Not bad, but not great
You don't really have to go to lecture for Bio 173. Your GSI grades everything, so just hope for a good GSI. He posts all the lecture notes on Canvas.
Marcus was kind of confusing because he went on so many tangents. That being said he really did try to explain things clearly so that it made sense for everyone. Your grade really does depend on your GSI but as long as you show that you care you'll be fine. He had plenty of office hours that you could go to if you needed them which was nice.
Dr. Ammerlaan's lectures are only an hour long but can be pretty boring. He's a good lecturer and not nearly as bad as many people make him out to be. Lectures are not necessary to go to at all, because most of the information given is posted online. As long as you go to all the labs and put in some time into the homework you should do fine.
His class was out of 200 points, so every point off was .5% of the grade. It's easy to lose points in this class, and most of the grade comes from six assessments that are closely spaced. Also, my GSI wouldn't give us our grades back until it was too late, so we didn't know how poorly we were doing until there was a week of school left.
Dr. Ammerlaan knows a lot about Biology, but you can tell that he does not really enjoy teaching Bio 173. The lab is far too difficult for a two credit course. If you pay attention to lectures, they are useful but not essential to doing well in the class. With all of this said, your GSI determines your grade.
You better pay attention in the lab and be able to apply the concepts to the specific proteins and enzymes you're working with. On quizzes, you are expected to read new information and fill in which enzymes from your labs would have had the specific effect on the new substance.
This is more a review of the class than the professor, as he's not too involved in the actual lab. The pre-lab assignments were ridiculous. I'd work for an hour on each of these stupid assignments and always get a point off, and they add up. The quizzes and essays are tough, and you really have to go balls out to get an A.
Ammerlan gives way more work than a normal 2 credit class. Two essays, two presentations, and two "quizzes". You really need to study to do well on the quizzes because he tests for understanding (i.e apply course concepts to a situation) rather than memorization. Grade depends on the GSI, but he balances out the GSI averages at the end so its fair
Like literally everyone else said, it depends on your GSI. His quizzes are rough so review notes (going to lecture helps) and take practice quizzes. He's pretty good about answering questions if you go see him. And he tried to console those of us with hard GSI's saying he would curve but I don't think it actually happened.
Ammerlaan seems to have good intentions, but this class is very disorganized. How well you do in the class is mostly based on luck...that is, how easy/hard does your GSI grade. Quizzes are really hard and you will never know how to prepare.
While Ammerlaan isn't the best lecturer, the info in lecture actually does help with the quizzes and presentations. The concepts you cover and the lab itself aren't too tough, but your grade is really, really dependent on your GSI, so try to get a decent one if you can. Try to go to your GSI's office hours before the papers/presentations are due.
GSI is a big part in determining your grade, get a good GSI, ask questions and make sure you understand the expectations of assignments. Quizzes test critical thinking so you have to know how to apply concepts from class, not just regurgitate info. Go to lecture, start assignments early and ask questions and you'll be fine.
Surprisingly decent, given all the previous ratings. Good lecturer, but "quizzes" (exams) are pretty difficult. Labs are decent, with not too much outside work. Interesting to apply some actual techniques I learned about in other classes - but lectures were basically a repeat of 171/172 with some specific protocol details.
Nice guy, good at explaining things in lecture. Helpful when people asked questions. If you have taken AP Bio you will not learn anything new and I'm not sure why we have to take this lab, but whatever. A lot of work for just a 2 credit class. Make sure you do the reading before every lab because lab checks ask odd, obscure questions.
Funny guy, ok lectures. Hard first quiz.
Only went to roughly 5 lectures throughout the semester. The material is pretty bland, but Marcus is a pretty helpful guy.
Dr. Ammerlaan talks a lot. But it's not very useful information. Labs are easy, usually take only 45-60 minutes most weeks to complete. Presentations are time consuming; papers are even worse. Quizzes are difficult, but they get curved a bit.
Labs are a joke, you always get out early and you hardly do anything worthwhile. The presentations were easy (but it takes up a lot of time to analyze the data and makes tedious graphs). The quizzes are RIDICULOUS, I suggest you really study every word he says in lecture. Our average was 14/25 on the first one. Overall, wish he wasn't teaching!
The lab itself was not too bad,my GSI told us what to do and we got out early every time.Papers were graded pretty harshly though, showing your GSI a rough draft is suggested.Presentations were pretty easy but time cnosuming to make.Lecture quizzes were quite hard, you had to remember basically every substance you worked with and why it was used.
He's a really funny guy and lecture is interesting. Lab wasn't bad, except the papers and presentations required a ridiculous amount of work. It was insane. However, the rest of the time we don't have to do much. Experiments were okay.. we got out early a lot of the time. The quizzes really weren't that bad and the last one had bonus on it.
He was very detailed but asked extremely hard exam questions.
Wants way too much for a 201 class - not only speeches have to be done a certain way, but there are also tests and journals, and etc. Too much is expected from this class, and she's a picky grader. Does favor some people over others.
She does play favorites
Plays favorites Majorly.
Mr. Duplass kinda gets a bad rep because his quizzes occur at the same time every week online, they are usually pretty difficult, and the assignments are long and sometimes irrelevant. However, it's not like the class was unmanageable or ridiculous. Just stay on top of the work (don't do it the day it's due) and you'll be fine.
He is not as bad as he seems. Pretty strict the first few weeks of class. Just do the assignments exactly as he says and you will be fine. Tends to stray from topics
I liked this class, i really learned a lot. You do have to do your work, and attend class. I liked the fact that he used his own book and the information actually made sense.
He is very demanding but knows his stuff and offers a great deal of strucutre and if you work hard you learn a lot and get an A.
I highly recommend taking BUS252 with Dacey. He goes fast and uses the "Excel lingo", but I got used to it in no time. He's always happy to clarify, go back a step, or even re-do entire problems, just ask! The only grades are from 4 exams, so that kinda sucked. If possible, take a 50 minute class. It was hard to stay engaged for 75 minutes.
Go to class to figure out what the point of the section is and then just go to the tutors. Honestly, the tutors should be getting high wages as they are the ones who make understanding possible. Interesting and intelligent man, but terrible professor.
long winded at times...... goes off onto tagents occaisionally
This is an easy class if you know how to follow directions. It's kind of an "A for Effort" class, though. If you just want a good grade without learning much, this is the class for you. The projects are fun. The lectures are like watching paint dry.
A nice lady but people with insomnia would love her classes. Her lecture style would put you to sleep instantly. Be prepared to give your life to her history class. To do well on the tests you'll have to know everything humanly possible.
Felt like high school. Grading was inconsistent. My good work got C's and my bad work got A's. You'll do fine if you don't really try. If you want to do GOOD work, try a different teacher. She's sweet as can be and I liked her as a person, but she shouldn't be teaching in a college. Could be worse.
Dr. Arnold is a great professor in some ways. His class is very easy and can pass just by doing the simple assignments. Some assignments are a bit long, but just complete it and you'll get an 'A' no matter what you really write. Very funny as well.
He is really boring and the content is boring but the class is easy. He takes forever to give back grades. If you want an easy A, take it. But don't expect to be interested
In all honesty, he is one of the most boring professor I have had. The material is dull and long, but the class is very easy. You watch some interesting films and read some interesting books. Just one tip, don't be the kid to ask about reading over spring break! Someone did this in our class, and he suddenly decided to assign reading.
He's a funny teacher, but he gives a lot of work.
IDK what some of these people are talking about! He is wonderful, I worked a full time job and still managed to come out with an A. He is very helpful, and will work with your problems. He has confrences to help you get the best grade possible!
Great guy! I ROFLMFAO at his jokes! He's funnier than Dave!
He has had to overcome much, I am sure, but I hope that he is a better teacher now than when I took his class. Very monotone.
Class isn't exactly a load of laffs nor is it particularly enlightening or interesting. It's just there.
This teacher has no personality whatsoever and has the longest classes on the campus. Does he read the papers? And yeah he goes off coarse talking about anything from intellegent design to WWII. Not a good class if you are a serious student.
When discussions weren't completely off-topic, class was incredibly boring. Who hired this guy?
Definately a different sort of teach. I dont know what was supposed to be funny about him or the class b/c he was pretty boring. He lets you turn papers in late and overlooks stuff.
I got C and D in my papers in HS but I made A and B on Anrolds papers.Class was boring but worth the grade.
Dry humor...sarcastic...hmmmmm... how about kind of abrupt and not terribly fair? There are better English teachers.
This class is a waste of time. It's easy to make a decent grade with minimal effort, but I don't see why it is being offered, and I don't understand why this guy is fronting an "accelerated" course.
He wasn't that hard a grader but his class was not at all interesting. He's very strange.
Alright lecturer. Tends to ramble a lot so it's unclear what we need to know, but he is trying powerpoint lectures next semester so it might get more understandable. Navigations are timed group projects, so depends on if your group read the material. Gives extra credit and he/TA are nice graders, They give good comments about essay topics.
Dr. Woodruff is a witty, energetic old-timer. He's mostly a graduate professor, so this was kind of tricky. TA discussion sections were kind of annoying, and there were so many little grades that you have to earn, but there is some bonus near the end of the semester that helped my class a lot.
Lectures are sort of vague and the reading can get boring, but the applications of the course to real problems like tyranny and such are pretty intriguing. If you're a decent writer and can read sparknotes, it won't be too tough of a course. Woodruff is somewhat tough, but the grades I've gotten have been good bc there are lots of easy assignment
Don't get me wrong, other people are right - Mr. Rudolph is a good professor. I simply don't find his class as interesting as I should due to its boring content (for me) and late lecture. If you are all interested in philosophy you will do well though. He is not the most engaging lecturer but he is smart and talented at what he does.
Probably the nicest, most helpful, and caring prof at York. No doubt, a God's gift to his field. Some (most?) of his lectures are hard to get because he overqualifies his statements. But if you do readings you can do well in the class.
decent prof, very knowledgable!!
His lectures took boring to a new level.
she changed my perspective on Aging you should take it.
Pretty good prof. Does not lecture very much. Usually 1/2hr lecture and a student presentation in class. Focuses heavily on readings so if you do the readings you will do well. Easy marker overall.
While she is very nice in person, when teaching the class she appears rough and mean. Her teaching is far too fast and the detail seems far too indepth. The mullet, tight leather jacket and tight black jeans with the frilly white blouse are interesting.
Sincere-tries to make you think and know what is going on with use of the internet and culture
Very knowledgeable, but goes way to fast. Copying notes is impossible because she takes the overheads off before you get a chance to finish. You'll be doing LOGIC for the first 2 months of the course! On a lighter note, she dresses like a hillbilly!!!
I got an 85 without buying an texts or really even showing up.
awesome prof...her teaching manner is really good you will understand each and every thing in the class..
Just follow exactly what she says to do for the mid-term assignment and final. It's not that difficult. YES, you need the textbooks, YES, you must attend class to get all her little hints and instructions, otherwise you're screwed. DO WHAT SHE SAYS. NOT that hard of a class. Everyone complaining probably didn't go to class!
She is unpleasant. rude . disricpectful. and BORING . she works to rule. However on her midterm you just need to do legitamate research ..and cite properly on ther exam .. learn the MODEL and learn it good .. it could be 75% of your exam if you want it to be ... I really would not recommend this prof if you are not willing to put time into it
diane gave made me very nervous everytime i went to class only because she always told people they would all fail... she gives TONS of clues for the midterms during the year and really prepares you for it (remember to cite your sources) the final is not too bad, just remember the model and copy of the examples given
will discourage you and is extremely a hard marker!
I agree, she is very difficult and obtuse. However, she does work with you if you give an effort!
She is brilliant in the subject matter - and pushes people to learn as much as they can. Not an easy course - but got a lot out of it. She can be vague and ambiguous at times - especially when answering your questions. Be prepared to work HARD.
unbelievably mean. I really don't know why.I saw her in the hall once and smiled and she almost growled at me. quite an unpleasant human being. quite volatile. yelled at me for asking a question during an exam that three people asked her after me.
bull sh-t course. hard marker. ok woman
Very unfortunate to have her 3 times
not to good but gives good notes at times
Read the slides and get the past tests and labs, easy A and A+ is achievable. Textbook is not mandatory since he makes questions based on the slides. if you don't have a strong computer background, go to the lectures.
Basically teaches you everything from the book, making it completely unnecessary. That being said, he obviously doesn't feel all too enthusiastic about this subject (it's dry; can't blame him), but he does show better examples than what the lectures provide by actually going through the labs in class. Easy A if you understand computers, basically.
This course is dreadful on its own, so I can't put full blame on the prof. However, his lectures are beneficial only because his lecture slides summarize the content of the textbook on par (the book is awful, by the way). Tests are tricky, but you can annul them if you wish. The 9 Excel/Access assignments you do are great mark boosters, so do them.
decent guy. read the textbook and you will be fine.
Do all the labs as they are easy marks. you don't need to go to class cause the course is textbook based. it is also a good idea to get a hold of past labs, exams or tests as they are almost the same every year!
I had him last yr, and he pwned me in the end. Looks like Snake from Metal gear solid 4.
He's okay I guess. REally helpful with the labs but if you ask him a question in person, he makes you feel stupid. Lectures are a little confusing but not too bad. Tests are pretty fair. Overall, not the best, but he's pretty good.
Lew is cool! Unique perspectives... Does not answer questions, beats around the bush. Aweful course! GET AWAY! Im serious... Art & Technology is a connection you are expected to grasp on ur own in the course. Seems interesting and unique, but trust me, it is far from it. This is not anything related to internet... more of its trends.
He's not that bad but its the course itself thats Hard not a recommended course if you want to take it for fun. if you HAVE to take it then work HARD
At first this course may seem a tad bit confusing - especially coz Lowther can be somewhat unclear at times, but it gets better as the course progresses. If you do all the labs & assignment [ which are easy to get 100% on ] and do well on the tests & exam, it should be an easy A. The exam is harder than the 2 tests, so study hard for it.
not a bad prof, more like bad courses. I enjoyed all the labs for both courses, that's what saved me in the end from not getting a D! Average in both of them is never higher than 56%, regardless of the prof. Unless u r a cosc major, stay away from these courses.
helpful w/labs & assignments
He is a nice guy. But actually you dont have to attend the lectures within which he just reads the slides, but the lectures within which he talks about labs and assignments do help a lot.
Tests were horrible, lectures were sometimes clear, textbook is good.
He's A Good Guy.. But NOT a Good Teacher!
easy course, but his lectures were sometimes good sometimes really boring
This class is very easy, but the combination of Dr. Ferer's soft, droning voice and her insistence on having class with the lights off will surely put you to sleep. She is a nice lady, but she seems very lazy and refuses to challenge her students.
LOVED this class
Unless you are a theatre major you will hate this class. This class was boring movies and intellectual snobbery. Only benefits was sleeping through class and getting a decent grade with little to no effort. Taking 2nd half of class because it was a totally no problem.
Good lecturer. DO NOT TAKE CLASS BEFORE 10, YOU WILL GO TO SLEEP. I got a C.
very interesting class - not easy, but enjoyable. Prof. is a good lecturer - very intelligent!
He is a super fun prof to take you just wont learn anything. I was able to get an A easily but thats because the quizzes and tests are online and when we had an exam he cancelled class so you can just meet up with classmates anyways. The group projects were very fun and a good way to get creative but still kinda pointless when it comes to education
Professor Herzog was helpful in that he related his lectures to real life scenarios. His office was always open if I had any questions and concerns and he always did his best to help. There were NO test in this class but we were assigned 2 project, quizzes, short assignments, and bonus quizzes (which were helpful). PBA isn't my fav. but I made it!
Honestly had no interest in political science going into the class since I hated this POLYSCI 141 but I'm pretty interested now. He made the class fun and relevant. I would suggest that the power points are better layed out to be more clear. He is a pretty funny guy so be prepared to want to go to class. Thumbs up to Proff. Herzog.
Dr. Herzog is an interesting professor. He likes to tell jokes a lot. Some are funny and some aren't. The only thing that will help you pass this class is to STUDY and KNOW your stuff. He lets the class do group presentations for extra points which is a BIG help for the grade. I recommend to take him!
Dr. Herzog was fun but could be a little bit crazy at times with his jokes and all. He made the class laugh like almost everyday while telling jokes with the lecture. The class wasn't hard you just need to listen when he lectures and take notes and read your online book. D&P help out a whole lot. Just pay attention and you'll do fine.
This class is definatly the best one to take out of all political science teachers.. he relates stuff to your life and you get etxtra points added to your tests with D & P notes.. go to class even tho its not mandatory bc all his test is from class.. he can be inappropriate but thats just him. sometimes its really funny!
He's somewhat inappropriate at times, but he does that so people will pay attention.This class was one of the easiest classes that I've taken here. Most of the material comes from the notes.I would recommend taking his class if you don't mind bad jokes and want an easy A.
I'm not going to BS here and say this class was easy. There is a lot of work involved. It was interesting to learn how a city manages itself. Dr. Herzog made the class about as entertaining as a 400 level PSC class could be. I would recommend this class for juniors and seniors who are interested in Public Administration.
He makes jokes that are not very funny all of the time. This was an o.k. class.
His class was easy b/c I didn't have to read the book. I just had to read and study the notes. Which by the way, the notes on all on powerpoint! The tests are easy if you study, but late night Thursday nights will only give you a B in the class.
Gives bonus quizes. Made an A. Didn't study too much. His jokes are lame but they keep the class interesting.
Read the book. M/C test and T/F. Class isn't impossible. I got a B
he rambles a lot and tells awfull jokes but is a good professor
I didnt read! I didnt do anything but got a "B"
She just reads off the chapter powerpoints and then giving you a 50 multiple choice test on ilearn administered in the computer lab. If you study the pwrpts you will make a B/C at least, don't know many who made A's. The end of year project is long but you have partners. If you don't do well on the tests though you wont do well overall which sucked
Dr. Pharr loves marketing and it shows. She's also helpsome and want the best for her students. She is not overly structured and not too tech savy. This sometimes results in wasted time in class. She usually does weekly online tests. MKT6100 also includes a group project.
Relatively easy class, if you do the work. Didnt ask anymore that what should be expected of a junior/senior
Great professor; she knows what she is talking about, but sometimes cannot explain well. Pretty easy class. Lets you use a 3x5 index card for every test. Just say "Hi" to her every once in a while and act like your paying attention and you'll do fine. Recommend.
Dr. Pashley is an interesting person. She gives out notes really fast and expects you to keep up. It can be difficult, but if she likes you, you'll be fine. SIT UP FRONT
This course is no cakewalk, and if you don't like Finance, it's going to be a long semester. However, Dr. Pashley is more than fair. She gives extra credit and curves at the end. The Aplia assignments are difficult, but if you hang in there you can pass. The final counts twice if it's higher than your lowest exam score, and it wasn't too difficult.
Boring class, she just reads off the slides and elaborates, but it can still be beneficial to listen. Print of the slides and study before the test. out of 4 test she drops the lowest test score, and if you are missing more than 4 days she starts taking points off your total grade.
When the semester started, this was one of the classes I was looking forward to. By finals week I couldn't wait for it to come to an end. It's just that boring. Pashley's lectures will put you to sleep. Everything she talks about is already on the content section of iLearn almost verbatim. Not a tough class, but definitely hard to sit through
Very boring. Everyone sleeps in my intro class
The classes leave quite a bit to be desired - reading from PowerPoint slides never makes for an interesting class - but nonetheless she does a pretty good job of conveying information, and is fair.
Not real exciting but not that bad.
Communication is poor, but he makes up for it in his good looks.
All I have to say is one time his lecture was so disorganized we though he was ****. So we think Rod the Bod is awesome.
Bad lecturer and a lot of exam questions drew from material we had not covered.
Prof. Matthews certainly is a nice person, but the problem is he could not teach properly. He is very organized and it is extremely hard to stay awake during his lecture. Fortunately, Sharon has taken over the teaching job for RE 306. Take it with her as she is a really good instructor.
Tests are straight from lecture notes--go to class though, it makes it a lot easier come test time. Final is cumulative, some questions on old material I felt were too specific. Each test has "math" section, can be difficult-TA's will help you though. Very interesting topics, but boring style.
Nice guy but sorry, no consistency for his tests whatsoever.
Nice guy but might be kinda hard to know how to prepare for his tests.
I had him 20 years ago - by the comments it appears that nothing has changed!
The professor is nice and cool but the TAs are so harsh and unclear
Honestly, the class itself wasn't hard I really liked that she would use real world examples to help students get a better understanding. The reason I gave her a 3 is because she never really seemed to know how to answer anyone's questions if it wasn't directly on her slides.
She is a really sweet lady but I did not feel very supported in the class. Attendance is a must for both lecture and lab.
Research methods is a dry subject. She goes on a lot of tangents but if you take good notes during all lectures you'll be fine for exams. 2 tests (100pt) and final (150pt). Random in class activities to take attendance. Lab reports takes a lot of time but helps boost grade. Just go to class and keep up with her lectures!
No extra credit and no room for error. Your overall score depends mainly on exams and the lab. Shawna made 13 free response for the (timed) Final which was absurd. Study examples or you'll lose points. I was fortunate enough to get Xavier as my TA or I'd give a lower rating. Barely passed for my major req and I'm Honors. Take at your own risk.
she's nice & its an easy class, but lectures are useless. she reads word for word off the slides and doesn't add anything else but goes on a tangent about random things. she gives hints on what will be on test but its easy to point out urself- don't really feel like i gained much from the class to be honest
Dr. Saponjic is very sweet and caring, I really like her personality. However I agree with the other comments My criticism is I wish she would have delved deeper into some of the concepts in psychology, it seemed like there was more that we were expected to know then what she lectured on.
Dr. Saponjic is not a hard teacher at all. She's really nice and tries her best to teach the subject, but I've taken two classes with her and her classes are the only ones I've ever gotten C's in. It's her way of teaching that doesn't help me understand or grasp the material. Maybe it's her voice, not sure.
I was really excited to take this class, but the material was not very interesting. The class was kind of boring which was a disappointment. There's 4 exams, no final. 2 essays and extra credit personality tests which were kind of fun to take. She's nice and very easy going. People like her, but I've had more knowledgeable professors.
Everyone seems to love her, but I'm not a huge fan. She is super laid back and lenient. She's nice and tries to help her students, but I don't think she's the best professor. She hasn't taught abnormal very many times, so she's not super knowledgeable. She had trouble answering questions. Her exams are fairly easy. Ok professor, but not great.
Professor Saponjic was awesome. I liked her, but I didn't feel like I needed to show up to class. The powerpoints were posted online and then she pretty much read off of them. You will pass this class if you can memorize info because that's pretty much all there is to it. If you're not a good tester, she offers lots of extra credit.
Not to hard, but he lectures are boring. A large class and a monotone professor are a horible combination. She's nice enough.
Really sweet Professor but her lectures are boring. She has problems with the power point and her lectures are slow. Has you do a group paper which sucks because you get stuck wih idiots you don't know. At least an easy C or B.
Long winded as can be. The typical lectures for the week were about 4 to 5 hours and he just rambles. However it is a very easy class if you can sit there and listen for 5 hours. Three papers make up a large amount of the class and they are easy to get A's and B's on.
At first I thought I hated him. He is a little harsh at first. But once you are in the class for a few wks u realize not to take him so seriously. Read like crazy and participate somehow in lectures, even if he shoots you down. He respects ppl who oppose him as long as they are respectful. I'd take him again, just not at night.
He's really smart and knows what he's talking about. But for this class being a first year introductory to Philosophy, I think he expects the class to go a little deeper into the understanding than another beginning course.
i agree that it's a lot of work for a dumb requirement. i'm a finance/accounting major and this class just gave me a heavy workload. the person that said "go to a community college" should be shot. who actually wants to learn philosophy?
Hmmm...definitely one of the most interesting and entertaining professors I've had. Smart as hell, made philosophy bearable. He gets ticked off pretty easily and you DO NOT want to make him mad. Expects a lot from students; a pretty tough grader.
He is a great ****en teacher. The subject is boring as hell, but you end up understanding it. You will defenitely pass if you read!!! (thanks to spark notes as well). But great teacher, and his sense of humor is awesome!!!!!! I would take another class.
HE's very intelligent, i dont know what he's talking about half the time. Dont think you can get away without doing the reading though. HE has a dry sense of humor that you have to be smart enough to pick up.
uh...ok i guess you get used to the, shall we say, his "outward" presence. he is delightfully cynical, opinionated, sarcastic, witty. you will disagree with some things he says, but only because you are less intelligent. very knowledgable profes
very boring class that could have been very interesting. Pohland would talk for the entire class and say absolutely nothing of value. I don't think I could have taken one note of something truly useful. Well meaning guy, but he routinely talks himself in circles. you should pass as long as you do your homework.
This is a so-so teacher. He is very knowledgable about photography but seems to think he knows everything. He is very opinionated and thinks he is always right. He is a hard grader on papers so start papers before the due date and let him read the draft. Not the worst teacher at DePaul but not the best. If you need to take the class it is bearable.
He was a good professor and was very funny, but there is a lot of reading within the 10-week period. I have honestly never done so much reading in an art history class. Also, he is pretty tough on grading papers so hand in rough drafts before you hand in final paper (he gives good feedback).
She was passionate about the topics in class but it gets pretty boring. Nothing gets posted online, so you must attend classes to learn the topic and pass the tests. She's nice, she just has an aggressive tone to her.
VERY knowledgeable and enthusiastic, but extremely long lectures. My brain felt overloaded with info halfway through each class. She never interacts with the class, she just kind of talks without stopping. I couldn't tell you any of my classmates' names. Never any homework, but that means midterm+final are your entire grade. She's a nice lady tho.
Exams are tough if you aren't prepared. All you are expected is to write as much as you know about a piece of art that's shown in a slideshow in exams. Lectures are long. She's really savvy in what she teaches, but could be confusing sometimes. No home works so that's a good thing. Being in the class and trying to focus on lectures is important.
I don't know how anyone could say she is hard. I got a B in the class, and that's after getting no credit on the only quiz, completely pulling the midterm out of my ass, and turning in the final paper late. One of the easiest and most generous professors at DePaul. She seems strict at first but stops caring after a couple of weeks.
At first impression, I couldn't stand her. However, she does grow on a student if you frequent class. But overall, I think her grading is too hard (I got an A - in a 300 level art class and I got a B+ in her 200 level class). That may be a small difference for those who don't work at school at all. Take her, but expect to work your ass off
Arbitrary grading. Teaches to the lowest common denominator. Her questions are so dumb, people won't answer them because they don't want to even engage with such lameness. The worst part is that I know she has vast reservoirs of interesting, esoteric knowledge that she just doesn't share. Ask very specific questions and try to drag it out of her.
pretty hard professor and strict
Interesting class but it gets hard towards the end, have to write a 7 page paper and take a final the same week. I learned alot and liked the class. Don't ever be late, sleep in class, or eat during class....she'll freak.
Takes a really long time to grade all assignments.
She is hard to understand when you first meet her, but otherwise I found her to be very nice. People get mad at her often, but I just find that getting mad is a waste of time. I just opened my mind and understood what she was looking for.
She gives great notes, but sometimes hard to understand. If you want a good grade make shure your attendance is near perfect and you do your homework. Don't come late to class, she will not let you in and she will make you leave.
evidently she knows her stuff simple 'cause i haff learn a lot
He is a good teacher and means well. He helped me out majorly in the class. All I did was ask. He is a good guy and he is the only one who teaches this class so better get used to him. He offers extra credit, make sure you do it. And take notes on everything he says its basically all on the exams.
He's a nice professor but he grades pretty strict. If you take him prepare to have your abilities strained if you want a decent grade.
One of the best professors I've ever had. He wasn't always easy to understand but he raised the bar for me and I'll always be grateful for that. He introduced me to art and concepts that I never would have known about otherwise. Wish I could take another class.
Awesome class. Show up, do your work, your papers. You'll get a lot out of it. Doesn't take too much time, but isn't completely a blowoff. Very Sweet lady. Highly Recommend.
She shows up late to class every day, sometimes with ridiculous excuses, such as i couldn't find a computer document and decided to waste ten minutes of your time by looking for it during class time, even though it will be there when i come back. Very nice teacher but never shows up on time
Prof. Lukens is a really caring teacher who looks out for her students and clearly loves her job. That being said, she's extremely disorganized and is horrible at communicating class schedules, tests, homework, etc. Some people don't mind it, but I personally don't have the patience to deal with that for any more than one or two semesters.
This was a grad. level class, with a few MBAs, but mostly humanities students taking it as a requirement. As an MBA I thought the class was beyond easy, and very slow. He is not the best at explaining the concepts, but they are not really that tough if you have some understanding of econ. Tests were very easy. The project requires a lot of work.
really easy teacher gives the questions of both the midterm and the final on the reviews and easy grader as well
Boring, but fair!
Took in summer session; quiz every class time which counts as a test grade. Only three test worth 70% and a final 30%. Lecture heavy but gives you the online textbook and solution manual. Explains problems very well and helps you to understand the content. Have to work hard and do the homework in order to understand the material.
On tests, if a lot of people miss a question he throws it out or makes it a bonus question. You may not understand the material at first, but if you copy down what he writes on the board and then try to decipher later while doing the homework, you will pass. Homework isn't graded, but if you don't do it you won't do well. Tests are very reasonable.
Yes he boring, and half the time idk wth he is talking about. BUT...it is so easy to have an A in his class, just do the sample test, he gives the EXACT same thing. I didnt study for any exam and I still got A's in his exam!
He gets a worse rap then he deserves but he's definitely not the best. He explains material by example and if that's not your learning style you're doomed. He's awful at understanding and answering questions. Gives tough quizzes and tests, but not as bad as they could be. He's a fair grader, offers extra credit.
This teacher is one of those who kinda gets in his own world when he teaches. He's not completely terrible, but he would often make mistakes while doing examples. I taught myself out of the book and did the homework assigned on the syllabus, he pulls questions on the test from the homework. Very boring, but easy if you like to teach yourself.
This teacher is not as horrible as the previous comments make him sound. The class is very difficult and requires A LOT of independent study but it is possible to get a good grade in his class. He is also very fair in his grading as he gives partial credit and drops your 2 lowest quiz grades. Quizzes are directly from homework.
Simple. Do the Homework, Take the quiz, which comes straight from the HW, Ask questions, take the test. Get an A! Kroll is pretty boring in class, but he truly loves the material. He will hold you til the end of the class though, which is pretty painful.
This professor is okay, just do homework and you will get at least B- grade
During lectures, Dr. Morris obviously cares and will stop what he's doing so he can answer student questions. However, good luck contacting him outside of class. He doesn't read or respond to emails. Obviously a good guy, but the lack of practice/study material made me forget material very quickly and made the exams much more difficult.
Hard to reach due to no office hours until the end of the semester. I am giving a low rating since I did not learn a single thing from the class. All knowledge gained regarding comp. sci. (besides CS330 and 381 content) came from cplusplus. He does go on tangents and class can start twenty minutes after a story or trivial discussion. Easy exam!
Extremely intelligent professor. If you approach him after class (because he doesn't have office hours) he'll help you solve whatever problems you're having. He's not very clear about assignment instructions and he's rather unorganized, but he really knows his stuff. I feel like a much better programmer after his class.
Jay is all over the place. His class is disorganized but he doesn't fault you for it. As long as you do the work you'll get a good grade. He wasn't too strict on due dates either.
Morris, has a better personality than Ray! But he is not a good professor. The only reason I like him is because of his personality. He SUCKS as a professor. I mean teach. Don't show us actually do a step by step teaching procedure. Yes it's helpful to see you write a program but teach don't talk while your doing it. TEACH!!!!
Don't take his class if you want to learn something. Sure it's an easy A but you don't get much out of it.
Everything you hear about Morris is pretty much true. He's a really nice and funny guy, but DAMn you won't learn anything in this class! Take Wadaa if you want to be challenged and learn a lot. Take Morris if you want an easy A and dont care about learning. Its simple as that.
CS 150 is not about learning C++, but rather about how to apply the language. Morris doesn't follow a specific agenda. That's frustrating, but don't worry. If you supplement lecture with light amounts of reading you'll be straight!
Do not mix the blackjack and the Venkat! Book is a bit confusing, but he's a good professor overall.
Venkat is hard to understand sometimes but hes a good teacher and entertaining
Very difficult class. He know that and offers a generous curve but even that isn't enough to get a decent grade.
If you need psych stats, take it with this guy. The hw is not graded but do it because the quizzes are VERY similar to the hw. All quizzes except for the 1st are open notes. He teaches you what you need to know for the quiz. Go to class or else you'll fall behind! Seems to be the best guy for psych stats.
This class, related to biology, is going to be really hard no matter who you take it with. Textbook and consistent reading is a must. Pay attention during the lecture. Three exams, multiple choice. You have to really study and understand concepts in order to pass. I'm a straight A student but even doing my best will at most get me a B or C here.
The key to doing well in this class is actually going and taking notes. Not too bad for a stats class. He's a chill dude
This class is just really hard. He explains everything that he can as clearly as he can and whatever he doesn't cover in class isn't on the tests. His final is cumulative, but he takes questions for the 1st and 2nd tests and puts them on the final. He also curves which is a plus because the class is so difficult.
I really thought this professor was cool. the quizzes, are not that hard if you go to class. plus you get to drop two of your lowest scores and every quiz except for the first one is open book. BUT the work you have to actually put in the time because the work gets harder.
This guy is a pretty cool professor. While attendance isn't taken, you have to go to every class or you'll be very confused. Plus, it's open notebook on quizzes so you want to get all the notes you can.
decent course
I wasn't too fond of her method of note taking (writing one word on the board then speaking fast) You don't know what to study for, the mid term was way to specific and has dreaded T/F questions. She is a nice lady though, available in office hours often.
He can teach you lots about how Capitalism is bad, and give you a couple of one sided book to back himself up. He's a good person but his course is structured to make things harder for some than others - and this is based completely on luck. Some are handing in their term papers a full two weeks before others in his course!
Crazy but great. Famous words, "I'll miss ya till next day!"
I took it online so ngl I slacked. The textbook looked long so I didn't read it but I did study the reviews before each exam... didn't help too much. The other INSY professor has easier exams. If you put in the effort you could get an A in here tho.
Good lecturer when class is actually held. Recorded lectures are posted for cancellations, but are a bit dry and long winded. Attendance not mandatory, but random extra credit may be given. Exams are decent, 50 Q multiple choice in seat. SAM labs were heavy but ample time and attempts are given. Professor is approachable but not really around much.
Boring lectures, all she does is give you definitions to a bunch of terms. The casegraders are difficult, and irrelevant to the definitions gone over in class. Don't take this class
The class turned out to be online, don't know how i missed that, but it was easy none the less. Weekly assignments but just vocab words
Doug is a professional to emulate, but not the best teacher. She isn't clear on her instructions and her grading techniques are unpredictable. But just by being in her class, you will learn more about PR than from any other prof (especially Thomas) at TCU.
pretty easy class as long as you read the book which isn't hard at all because he wrote the book! he sometimes goes off topic and it gets boring but its not an impossible class. definitely one of the better macro teachers. easy A if you study and work hard
He can be confusing, but he is really good with clearing things up if you meet with him during his office hours. He's really funny, which keeps the class interesting, and it's not too hard. He drops your lowest test grade, as well as your lowest quiz and homework grades. I'm in his Macro class and I would recommend him
This guy is weird. Weirder than weird. But he is a very good prof. Not the most interesting class, but he does a good job at teaching it and he tries to keep the class interested. He uses lots of good examples that will stick with you. His tests are pretty difficult, especially compared to what is gone over in class. but not hard to get a solid B.
Very knowledgable about economics but not that great of a teacher. He is a pretty awkward guy but that makes class somewhat entertaining. Tests are pretty tricky if you havent read or studied. Go to class and do assignments
He is slightly boring but his class is easy. Half of your grade is online quizzes that you can use your book on and can take multiple times. Old tests are online. Easy A
Great professor! He's crazy and eccentric, but in the best way. Makes class time interesting, although his notes are somewhat confusing. Puts old tests on internet for you to study. Gives you many opportunities to improve your grade...worksheets, reading quizzes, extra credit. Take LOVETT!
He is a nice guy but he doesnt teach that well. I got an A in micro b/c I studied alot. Macro on the other hand was pretty tough! I would take him only if you like econ. and are willing to go to class.
Well, the guy is different... I don't think I have ever heard anyone say "pretty cool" as many times as he did, and if you had him you know exactly what I am talking about. Decent professor, just off the wall with his random comments. I thought the class was pretty tough.
Definitely a space cadet and he even admits it. His tests are very unclear and frustrating but the old exams at least give you an idea of what to expect. The problem sets are boring when you try to sell chickens, but what can you do. He is a nice guy, but his style of lecture doesnt work for me.
well...i love the guy!! But economics is not for me! His test are a little frustrating, and his lectures are not that helpful. But you cant be mad at him. hes a really nice guy. i have a c, but i know others with an A. So its possible...if your good at that kinda stuff.
Need to study old tests and look over book. Requires some work, I got an A in both macro and micro. He also gives you many chances to bring up your grade and drops a test. Serious cheeseball jokes, but he is always willing to help.
Took him for both classes. Overall a very good guy. Classes are early in the morning. Don't have to get A's or high B's on his tests to get an A in the class. Lots of online grade inflators. Has old tests on web site and often cut/paste.
He's crazy! The class takes a lot of work on your own because he doesn't really teach it in class...also you get to play games that he creates himself (MonkeyKong). Doing well on those will help raise your grade.
He's not bad at all. He does go on several tangents, but if you take a MWF class, he's harmless. His tests aren't that bad, and he posts old tests on his website anyway. Take him; you'll thank me later.
tests are really hard, and he goes off on alot of tangents in class so do alot reading, and the problem sets and experiments are hard to keep up with.
He is a nice guy but definitely a nerd. Spends too much time in class on stuff that isn't on test. Tests are pretty hard.
He is really funny in class. I enjoyed it. The tough tests are offset by the problem sets that he assigns. He told us the first day that "(He) is leniant towards people who sleep in class."
He was an interesting teacher. I learned a lot, its not so hard to get a B with his study materials, but to get an A it is really hard. His tests are more trying to read his mind than understand the material. DONT BUY THE STUDY GUIDE
If you go to class and study the old tests that he gives you, you'll do fine...he keeps class kind of entertaining with his corny jokes
Read the book and use the past tests he puts online. He expects you to know a lot more than what he teaches in class.
tests are too long.
After seeing all these reviews I was quite intimidated however I ended up loving her. Class went by extremely fast because Of her sense of humor. However, there is a lot of reading involved and ALOT of studying .
I actually really liked this professor. I enjoyed her sense of humor and how passionate she was about this type of history. This class was pretty difficult though and a lot of reading, you need to study your butt off to pass.
seems to be weird at times but knows her stuff. if you do the reading and study then you'll be fine. gives study guides for midterm and finals that really helps. the class is hard but don't blame the prof. they're just doing their job. it's college people.
Professor Orliski is a merit to this school and the History Department. There are so few international historians here, especially with Prof. Meriwether now gone too. Sure, she goes off topic sometimes or has wacky stories, but that is much better than a boring, monotone professor who just plods along.
Orliski is okay. She goes off on a lot of tangents and is kind of quirky. She tries to be funny, but it's not laugh-out-loud funny which leads to some awkward silences in class. Quizzes are pretty easy if you read and take good notes. Study hard for midterm and final!!
Very interesting teacher... learned a lot about Asian history... although the class was supposed to be a "world" history class. Very knowledgeable and knows what she is talking about but READ THE BOOKS!!!!!
There was a lot of reading, which...bring it on! But it was a battle to follow her lectures. The information just seemed all over the place. She gives a study guide for the midterm and final, which saved me. I got an A, so it's doable.
Really cool classes...and she is sexy.
I mean if trees were brown where would she come from?
Brilliant, but completely disconnected from his students. He doesn't know how to lecture effectively. HE will lose you 2 mins into class. Completely disorganized. He talks the whole class time about whatever he wants. There is no structure to his lectures. I'm a PLSI major and he is absolutely the WORSE PROF in the dept, but he is a good person
Very knowledgable and entertaining, however, can be vague and unorganized at times.
He's very smart and knows his stuff. If taking a PLSI class, take it with him. He tries his best to help the class understand the material. I recommend him.
He is not the worst teacher. He gives a lot of busy work and grades it very specifically. He'll do a minus .1 here, minus .3 there, it does not make sense. If you skip class you have to make up the work, even if its group work, you'll have to do it on your own. He does not care about due dates, turn things in whenever. But warning, he's so boring.
Overall ok. Flexible on due dates and is a tough grader but it helps you out in the end.
WRT 150 requires a lot of busy work, due to the fact that you only write 3 papers in the class. You are allowed 3 absences before failing the course, but he is lenient if there is a legitimate reason that you are gone. He has a dry sense of humor and doesn't express much emotion, but is an overall good guy.
For being a first year writing class I thought he was a very tough professor. He is friendly and somewhat helpful when you attend his office hours but don't expect to get an A in his class. I graduated high school with a 3.97 and had an English professor from another college proofread my portfolio and got a B.
He was a very good writing teacher since he has been at it for a longggg time. His level of interaction was low but that made the writing pace up to the writer which was really nice.
This professor sucked. Very Boring and has unreal expectations. He is a very tough grader.
Lectures tend to be boring, can go off on random tangents at times. Only grade is final portfolio at the end of the semester. Tough grader but gives a lot of feedback for improving your paper. Can only miss 4 classes or he might not take your portfolio. Easy class for the most part.
He is a nice guy but SO boring! He is a really tough grader but you can get extra help if needed. Tough class, he is hard to please.
BORING! He just uses powerpoint and reads right from it. We hardly EVER used our textbook, big waste of money, he puts everything on powerpoint that is in the book! But if you don't go to class much, then read the book. The papers are EASY to write, as long as you follow directions. Boring man, but okay class.
The class was awful, but he was ok. i did really like that we were able to turn in each paper multiple times until you get a grade that you like. also liked that he wasnt too strict on due dates.
the class itself is what makes it bad hes good with giving help hes just but you have to ask him and a lot of questions- due dates arent very strict hes a nice guy just a horrible class
wow. Hard grader, he will not accept anything less than perfect. He turns back all your papers covered in red pen and thinks nothing of it, if you take this class one word-revise!!!
HE IS A VERY EASY PROF THAT GIVES NO HOMEWORK BESIDES YOUR PAPERS. HE ALWAYS FINDS A WAY TO GO OFF ON A TANGENT IN HIS LECTURES. NOT A GOOD CLASS TO HAVE AT 8AM.
Abandon all hope at the doorway. You will not win.
He's a nice guy, but very boring in class. Everyone complains about how he rips their papers to shreds but I feel he's just trying to help so you'll get a good grade.
he seemed alright as a person but kind of an @$$ in class
Not bad, a little dry, but not tons of work, he will help if asked
He was a very smart guy, just wish he gave some more direction on his papers. He would just give us a topic and just say write about it. He also needs to learn how to show up to class. The last 3 days of the semester didn't show for some reason so didn't get my final grade until posted online.
At first I wasn't sure about him he seemed arrogant and rude, but after a few classes I found myself looking forward to his classes. He is real and talks about real stuff. Very down to earth. I have to say he has opened my eyes to some things that I never cared about before.
I tool both classes online. They are slow paced and should be an easy "A" for anyone. He will go sometimes 2 weeks without new material and deadlines are almost non-existent. Overall he is knowledgeable and addresses concerns. I enjoyed both classes.
scary...
This should definitely be considered a Writing Emphasis course. If you don't do the things as wanted, it's bad news for you. I really didn't like her attitude when writing emailsvery rude
Very easy online class for sociology, but there is a lot of writing and you have to do everything like she wants it. There is vitually no room for creativity and the work is repetitive. Other than that, shes very nice and helps as much as she can.
Its super easy if you just do the work and participate in class. Unfortunately Professor Moore had an accident and hurt her back really bad. I do not know if she will be returning for the next school year.
This class was very hard to understand as how the professor wanted the homework, if you like blackboard then this class is for you. Lots of work however I did learn a lot.
Hard and expects a lot... Be prepared to work your butt off!
The king of dry humor and whimsical powerpoints. A wise and articulate lecturer. When co-teaching with Dr. Stokes, he's a lot more receptive to student questioning and opinions. You will learn from this man.
Took Epistemology and Worldview with Stokes and Lewis. Very interesting and thought-provoking class. Lewis is definitely one of the most intelligent professors I've encountered. While there isn't a lot of assigned homework, studying is necessary. It's definitely worth it though.
Classes are boring, straight-off-the-slide lectures. For some reason doesnt include the VITAL calculator instructions on the PPTs. Doesnt take attendance and uploads videos to canvas after. PPTs are pretty much entirely unhelpful on all assignments. Study the HW problems if you want a good grade. Dr. Yung himself is kind and helpful.
Professor Yung is pretty decent. He does a good job of explaining the material and working it out for the class to understand. He has an accent, but he's easy to understand. Be sure to do the homework problems, and be sure to print out the note outline so you can write the same notes he writes in class. Study the outlines and you'll be fine.
I was suprised to see these ratings. He is not difficult at all. He doesn't make you memorize the 30 formulas, (1st test) unlike the other teachers. You will have to open up the textbook, but his tests are a lot easier than the book questions. His quizzes are take home. Don't plan on getting out of class early but I'd take his class again.
If you're not a Finance major, don't take him. He is a great teacher and made 323 easy for me, but I know how to do math without my hand being held the entire time. If you are uninterested in finance, don't waste your time. Take Stiner instead.
I got a C in his class. Do the homework! practice the problems! take notes in class or atleast try to pay attention. You should do ok. If you do all the homework you get big points on the final grade. Hard exams but has big curve.
Many refer to him as a legend. He is well respected around the college. He assigns certain questions then asks ones he didnt assign but if you dont have the answer you get a ZERO, answer them all. Your grade is 100% dependent on attendance and the 4 exams. Exams are not cumulative, but VERY HARD mostly T/F worded tricky.
Lots of work.
He is funny, but his lectures are still boring. Quizlet helps a lot for this class, but not enough. His tests are long (70-90 questions) and have a lot of specific questions. He doesn't provide the slides, so there is a lot of notetaking. But again, Quizlet helps. Your grade is based almost all on tests. Idk how anyone gets an A in this class. RIP
YOU MUST GO TO CLASS. Make sure to have the assignment/reading done BEFORE you get to class.
Such an amazing man. Paying attention in his class is easy because of his humor! The tests are tough though so beware.
He is a very cool and funny guy. the lectures are long and you can get a bit lost in all the words sometimes but pay attention. He will call you out and embarrass you if you aren't paying attention or if you're on your phone AWKWARD. He teaches a lot of content so the tests are long but he gives the answers as the study guide.
Well he is a fun, spunky, full of life professor. However his tests are unclear, I studied for his tests weeks in advance but the TF test questions are worded weird and happen to be the majority of the test. His lectures are enjoyable and he is very passionate about the tops!
He is a great man! However, a majority of his tests are true or false questions which can be kind of hard. However he is the sweetest old man ever and one of the most respected professors on campus. Highly recommend you have him sometime in your college career. He's also a great connection to a lot of important people so network with him!
Make sure he knows your name and you will be fine
The class is super easy. You just have to get the book which is the notes that he put together himself. I still think he is a cranky old man. Not my favorite professor that I have had.
Super boring!!!! You HAVE to go to class bcuz his tests are over what he says. Very hard to stay awake in there, but the more notes the better. It's an easy class because he says all his answers through lecture.
So boring. So easy. This entire class is writing essays (4 total), but as long as you try and give the minimal effort, you'll get an A. He gives you all the answers in the lectures; the notes literally write the essays. Material really isn't related to fiction. If you can get over how boring class is and make yourself go, you'll get an A.
I agree he is absolutely brilliant, but unfortunately I had trouble actually understanding him. Not because of the subject matter, but because he mumbled! It was a really easy class and he was interesting when I could hear him. Don't take him in huge lecture hall.
Dr. Seifert is a great professor. His test are difficult if you don't thoroughly understand the material. He tests your comprehension of the material rather than your memorization of it. If you expect to utilize the material in a real-world scenario, he's the professor to teach it to you. If you're just looking for a grade, he's not! Funny guy!
He has a good sense of humor but I see how people get upset with the way he grades. He loves to take off a lot of points for small mistakes. Not a generous grader at all. He's also not explicit on what he expects in short answers or problems (write EVERYthing you know). The problems are easy if you practice but the MC get tricky.
Lectures revolve around his power points, which you can download off his website. Attendance is part of final grade, so make sure to go to class. Allows for questions in class, but when asked about what will be on tests he usually gives vague answers. Tests are extremely hard, several essays/problems, and few M/C.
Unfair on tests. He is a good professor during lecture, but is heartless on tests and explains that a 60 is normal as an average. I personally have higher standards for myself. If you can avoid him, you should!
This guy looks like a bum! This just another tough class. He's a pretty nice guy outside of the classroom.
He was a good teacher. He made things very relatable.
typical class/ professor
Gave 5 assignments the entire semester and 3 tests including the final. Friendly teacher, will definitely help if you ask. Does not use blackboard, you MUST read the syllabus to know when assignments are due. Not a hard grader. Attendance is not mandatory but you must read through powerpoints to understand test material or you will not pass tests.
He never put grades on blackboard, even when the semester was over. He handed back the two test but never returned project grades. Just read off power points. Had to ask everything.. did not put grading scale on syllabus nor other needed information. Lazy teacher but will answers your questions
He was very prepared an was an excellent professor!
doesnt require you to buy books for the class. gives 4 paper topics but only grades you on three and you have to pick before you know what the topics are. His lectures tend to work out the philosophers point of view but you NEED to ask questions and risk looking dumb...he'll make you feel dumb sometimes when you ask what he thinks is a simple quest
She's very knowledgeable and gives real world examples (since she's currently an accountant). Class is elementary level, so its just the basics, BUT still pretty hard. Tests are difficult but she gives opportunities for extra credit. If you attend class, take notes, and do all the required assignments you're guaranteed at least a C.
She definitely relates material to real life. Give a lot of extra credit chances. Shes average.
She is a very nice teacher but is a little unorganized.
Not an easy class. Kim is a hit or miss lecturer, but his accent isn't as bad as people make it out to be. His accent isn't the real problem, anyway, but a lack of thought cohesion. Lots of reading that you'll need to complete if you expect to pass the takehome midterm, papers, and in-class final. The takehome midterm was very difficult too.
Lectures are sometimes confusing. Participation is a major part of the grade. One in-class midterm, two take-home midterms (HARD), and an in-class final. This class is NOT fun stuff about samurai and ninjas, do NOT take it unless you have a major interest in the various dynasties and eras of ancient Japan.
Lots of reading and there's a lot of information in lecture so take lots of notes. His powerpoints are not organized what so ever and you will need to review your notes a lot to contextualize some things yourself. He can be a bit harsh and mean, but he's academically challenging and sincerely wants you to succeed.
He's funny in lectures but brutal on grading as evidenced by half the class getting C's and D's on quizzes and tests. He basically tells you to study everything for them and it's hard to be prepared even with his "reading guides." Not a great teacher if you have to curve everyone so that people actually pass. Avoid if at all possible.
Lectures are interesting but the work is somewhat ridiculous. The term paper has pages of GUIDELINES detailing what Kim wants (i.e., small margins, small font, etc.). He's very vague about whats on the final and midterm. Discussion attendance is mandatory. A 5th year in my class said that this was the hardest history class that she'd taken at UCD.
Kim has to be the most interesting prof I've had at UCD. I struggled to keep up w the readings. Seemed like we read a book a week. overall, it was a semi-demanding class, but in the end he seems to be an easy-grader and bumps up his student's grades with the final paper. i'd take his class again, he's so entertaining! sidenote: my ta was hot!
Compared to Price's HIS9A, Kim's readings were lighter, more interesting, and the text did a good job of quickly summarizing. There was a little too much work involved for a lower div course IMO, he seemed to expect a lot for the MT, Paper, and Final. But Kim knows the material inside and out and I would consider taking another course of his.
Professor Kim's teaching style is not easy to fit within. It's too overly detailed (even for a history class) while at the same time muddled with his thick Korean accent that verges at times as being incomprehensible. The reading is also very demanding, if not too demanding. As for his quizes, they're rough! Although he's smart, his style is weak.
Korean history class. He made me worried, I thought I was going to get a C in his class, but he has a curve, and you don't really know your grade until the end. I got a B+. He's too stressful of a teacher to take. He's bright, but wants us to study wayy too much
not a bad teacher. enthusiastic about what he is teaching. Not that monotone.
a difficult but interesting class
The class would have been easy if I had more time to read all the books required. Sometimes his lectures were confusing because he seemed to be all over the place, or jumped back and forth. There was too much to write in a short amount of time for the tests. If you do the readings and remember dates, you'll be fine on the tests.
He is a good guy but there is ridiculous amounts of reading and the tests are extremely difficult to predict. Run far far away unless you have amazing study habits and can read dry material indefinately
Very interesting teacher; his tests are pretty easy.. if you just read the literature, know all the key terms and their significance, and pay attention in class, it's a pretty easy A (for the midterm and final). His lectures are easy to fall asleep in if you're already tired, but if you give a little effort and pay attetion, they can be interesting
His class is doable if you do the reading and go to your discuss session. remember you TA does all the grading. Prof. Borgen does have a passion for Japanese history except he could be cynical and snappish sometimes. Not the most interesting class you can take. But take it with him if you must.
meh... He was a good teacher. Has a good sense of humor, but he should use powerpoint instead of boring @$$ slides and chalkboard.
You people who think he's a bad professor don't know what you're talking about. While Professor Borgen isnt the most approachable professor, his class was very informative and interesting. Very knowledgeable about the material. TA's are great as well. Read and know your terms and you'll do fine.
Nice guy. Textbook use is mandatory. When he says do the readings and answer the questions, he means it. I did them and still had a hard time on the exam. All he does is talk and go over the reading, and it'll be difficult, but pay attention. He is very nice and willing to help. He appreciates regular attendance and does take it regularly.
He is a nice guy and the class is easy if you do the reading. He is all over the place tho. He laughs at his own jokes and he is long-winded. Repeats himself but has a true love and understanding for the subject.
He's a silly dude. I fell asleep alot but there were some times where he just cracked me up. he's a goofy lookin big tall guy with a low, sleepy old voice, but he's good and fun and cares and if you want an A he will help you get it if you put in the work. He does ramble, though
Gets off track alot. Pretty out there. Knows what he's talking about though. Make sure you take notes, open book/notes on the tests; although it's hard to stay awake! Don't take the tests lightly, remember names in the books. Meditations is hard to understand, only a little easier with him explaining it.
I love this guy...class is easy as long as you read and he's very nice.
This class was so boring. The material was very difficult to read and the lectures were sometimes too dry. Some students were into it, but it was only a handful. He encouraged discussion, but it required a background. Quizzes to boost grade. 2 exams w/notes & readings. One paper (8-10 pg)
Easy yet Boring wow... this class was boring. i mean easy as long as you show up, but boring. but you get 2 extra points for not missing but a 1 or 2 days. one paper, two tests, 12 quizes. cheap books
Loomis is a very strange, but fair teacher. You will not want to go to class because his lectures are so wierd, but if you put the effort you will get results you will like, just like any class.
Hard course but he passed me so he will get you through it.
Either you like him or you don't. He's old fashioned, and reads off of his notes and he doesn't slow down(unless you ask him to). But if you go to every lecture you'll adapt to his lecture style and find out the material he lectures isn't hard to understand. He's a hilarious guy too. Books in this class weren't required to pass and hard to read.
Funniest professor I had! He does ramble on a bit, but i got the classical note and didn't even attend class and still did good. I thought it'd be hard and did pass/no pass and ending up getting an A on the midterm =/
Professor knows his stuff. However lectures are difficult as he often goes off on tangents, and lectures are not structured. However discussions were great--highly thought provoking. TAs wrote the tests. They are not good at it. Read the textbook for tests. Discussions and lectures for essays.
Professor Yengoyan isn't a good teacher. He's not horrible, but just not good. His lectures can be mind-numbingly boring. He is very scattered. Teaching style is NOT structured at all. I'm just glad a got a great TA that actually knew what he was talking about.
He is anthropology, and anthropology is yengoyan. Doesnt use a standerdized, multiple choice, cookie cutter style of teaching so dont take if OCD about grades. Good teacher, good laugh, go yengoyan. (puts students on the spot, doenst like any BS)
A brilliant mind. Yes, he does jump around. No, he doesn't go deep into the readings. Regardless, he's a very humorous and intelligent man. If you are bored with anthro, then don't complain about his teaching style; it's the essence of anthropology...change your major. All in all, probably the best professor I've ever had.
Attendance isn't mandatory, yes lectures are dry and straight from powerpoint but this guy knows his stuff and gives it to you straight. two exams and a final. pretty straight forward exams, if you go to class, do your homework, and understand how to do the computations for the tests you'll be fine. tests are on blackboard, not proctored.
Dr. Cook's class is extremely boring. The lectures do not help when it comes to the exams, so it's very hard to make yourself attend class. Do ALL of the homework assignments bc that is your only EC for the semester, but it helps a lot. Also, when studying for an exam, just do your connect questions over & over & over. It's def passable.
Dr Cook is the typical college professor. He's smart, and likes that he's smart. You can tell he's proud of how smart he is. He lectures,and that's about it. He's a decent lecturer, but the material is so boring. Not super hard, his exams are designed to pass. But you have to study the material.
This class was a lot of information, but he is good for telling you specific info that is going to be on the exam and letting you have formula sheets. DO THE PRACTICE QUIZZES.Do the ethics modules in the beg. of semester, they are not a breeze. I recommend taking, just be ready to STUDY. Flashcards were my best friend for conceptual info.
Prof. Cook was pretty tough, but when in class he says something is going to be on the EXAM....IT WILL BE. Do the practice quizzes OVER & OVER!! I had a B before the final, and I think I did pretty well. There is a lot of info, especially if you take it in the summer. You do have to study several hours for this class. DON'T SLACK!
Cook taught well, just be prepared to work hard. I'm almost done with my MGMT degree and I will say that this was the most diffucult college class I have taken. I did well in the class, but that's only b/c I spent approx. 6-8 hrs outside of the 6 hr/week class time. I recommend taking the summer session b/c the final is comprehensive.
Cook is an ok professor. He grades REALLY hard and his exams are the hardest I've ever taken. My advise is to take the practice quizzes that he posts online. A lot of them he will just copy/paste them to the exams. There you can get easy points. His lectures are VERY boring and I had to fight to stay awake.
Great teacher, an asset to ODU business school and raises the caliber of the business program there. Funny and insightful, good sense of style. Relates everything to cars. Tests not that hard if you actually go to class and study exactly what he tells you will be on the exam. IE: Calculations (easy), different concepts, definitions and ratios.
Dr. Cook is an overall great professor. He will teach you plenty and you will learn a lot in his class. It isn't too hard, he is extremely fair. If attendance isn't a problem for you, then take him.
good teacher hard material for operations management.
Very Very boring but very fair on grades. He will curve which is a big help. If you go to class and practice the problems and do the practice quizzes you'll be fine
he is fair lets students bring formulas for exams. exams are a bit long, lots of problems. but it's all done in class
If you take the summer class expect to get slammed at the end!!! Final was 75 questions.
Very difficult tests! Big on formula & numbers, doesn't give real world uses or examples.
This teacher is pretty easy if you attend the class. Some of the topics are difficult, but the teacher does an excellent job of explaining. Do not have to attend lecture but have to attend discussion. Posts lectures online but you need to go to class to fill in the blanks. Lots of reading, but fairly easy.
an okay teacher...I thought sociology was going to be more fun, but his style of teaching is somewhat shaky...I don't think he's the best choice for soc 1.
Not too bad of a teacher, but tends to stray off topic. Definitions for tests are hard to find: The class tends to get muddled up alot. Must note that STS is first and formost a SOCIOLOGY class, so it's not that "techy" if that's what you're lo
Great lectures, tough quizzes that are hard to get A's on. The quizzes are frustrating because you study a lot and get mediocre grades. He grades very easy on the papers which count for a majority of your grade. Not my favorite polo-sci professor, but not horrible. Midterm and Final are essay based questions, 1 book report, and 4 in-class quizzes.
Best Prof. show up and he'll will interest you.
Very hard teacher but a good sense of humor and willing to help you if you come to him
Ummm so ya. My major is political science and this is the worst grade I've made in any political science class at TCU. He's hard, nitty picky and just annoying. Don't take unless you have to. Test are FILL in the blank must know everything he lectures on and EVERY line in the textbook. Don't take you will regret. He's just not my type of professor
Very good professor who makes every lecture interesting, however this class is anything but easy. The Tests are difficult, and there are very few grades. Be sure to pay close attention to current events, and go to class because he gives lots of easy pop quizzes (ie, what did you do this weekend). Youll learn a lot from him, but come ready to work.
his tests are very hard...study the book
I recommend taking sociology with a different professor. Dr. Kimberling's lecturers are very long and not too exciting. She will call you out for not paying attention too, which is hard in a 3 hour class. Tests are difficult and she grades your essays very tough.
I'm generally a good student, and this is my first review on this. However, I felt it was necessary to tell you DO NOT TAKE THIS TEACHER! Her class is extremely lecture heavy, and you don't get out early. Her tests take the full three hours. It is 50 multiple choice and 6 "short answers" (which should all be essays if you want a good grade).
Personally, I spent very little time studying for her tests and I received a solid A at the end of the semester. As mentioned by others, tests are usually 20-30 easy MC questions, followed by 4-5 essays. The essays aren't hard so much as they are time-consuming and long. Your hand will definitely be cramping by the end of the test.
This class is very easy! Read the chapters and turn in the 3(super easy) papers and you should get an A for sure.
I totally agree with the last respondant. Incredibly difficult hw and final. Takes off points without explanation. Very nice guy, but it is hard to connect concepts from day to day as we seem to jump around and dont follow the book
He taught micro in a very interesting way. He tried to simplfy things alot but sometimes it jsut made it even more confusing. I recomend taking the final f you are close to getting the higher grade; i thought it was the easiest of all his tests.
Very nice man, somewhat crazy during lectures. Keeps you interested and entertained through the class. Not too hard, but have to give him what he expects. Tests are all short answer and problems(in the honors section) but he gives partial credit.Test material comes primarily from lectures, not the book.
Hard for first time students who know nothing about microeconomics. He's very animated and speaks in regular language, as opposed to being technical and vauge. Sometimes it felt like his tests were specific to what he metnions in class and not what is in the book.
I only went to class 5 times but somehow ended up with a B so I guess this class wasn't too hard. You can pass his tests by just studying the old ones. Funny person, may seem like he's on speed most of the time but that's just how he is.
I like Professor Katsube and think she's funny and makes class interesting. Exams counted for 70% and covered tough content. Try and do practice problems beforehand. Her lectures go a little slow and are posted later if you are good at learning through notes but are disorganized. Homework is completion but helpful. She is a very kind person.
Katsube is a little bit crazy and all over the place when she lectures but I didn't mind that too much because it kept me awake in class. The homework is not too bad and she gives you a chance to check it with her or the TAs so that you can almost always not miss any points on it. The exams were a little tough though.
Her lectures are always entertaining. She is very quirky and likes to yell at people during class for talking and sleeping. She does a good job of preparing you for exams and the class should really be an easy A as long as you pay just a little bit of attention during lecture
She had pop quizes but all of them were on the syllabus for practice problems for that week so it was obvious what was going to be on it because you went over the other problems in class. Homework was helpful and her style was different but I would not say bad. If you show up to class and actually do the homework (not cheat online) you will be fine
ME 430 is the most difficult class I've taken so far. Katsube was a decent teacher overall; her quizzes were confusing, homework and midterms were fair and straightforward, and her final was impossible. She says she won't curve the class, but she actually does. Overall, she's very fair.
does a lot of examples which helps with exams but exams are difficult
The final exam would have no relation to whatever taught in class, as told by people before, this definitely is the toughest ME course......
Her teaching is ok, exam material is fair, grading is only fair within her own class, but is not consistent across other sessions. This is a straight curve class, but exam is a common exam made by the dept. If you enroll at other class that is not a straight curve you will get a better grade than her class. I recommend taking prof Lee.
Very poor presenter. Examples problems usually end up a jumbled mess. She tries to get class participation by randomly calling on people. This does not help with the examples because she'll extrapolate something from what students suggest and go off on a weird tangent solving the things, but in a very mucky way. The TA was much better.
Loud and annoying, but very knowledgeable and willing to help. My biggest problem was that she was very bad at explaining new concepts.
Easy class if you keep up yourself. Unclear in teaching... didn't know how good she actually was until she had to leave for a week and a joke of a replacement came in. Remember to write your name on her quizzes. No name, no grade.
ME 430 was probably the hardest class I've taken at Ohio State. Plan on a lot of studying and going to all her office hours if you want to pass this class with Katsube.
good teacher, but only if you understand him the first time he makes a point.
Best math teacher I have ever had. Clear teaching and easy tests..Go to class
This class was impossible. Exams were impossible. Quizzes were alright. Used to think i was good at math before this class. Probably a really hard class regarless of which professor teaches it though.
Husen seems to enjoy teaching. I would say of all the possible lecturers, he truly is one of the best ones in Math. He is interested in what he does and comes prepared. He is willing to help you before or after class. However, do not miss his lectures, because he goes fast and his examples cannot be found in the book.
The class was pretty boring but he explains things very well. He is a really cool guy and a good professor.
Mr. Husen was a good professor, but by the end of the quarter I hate math now.
This guy sucks! If you want an example don't expect one from him.
confusing
Just a lot of work and a lot of studying needed to pass but he is not so bad
Oh my goodness, you've got to be kidding. Rediculously hard. But a nice guy, and very helpful if you see him in office hours. But you definately need to devote 5-10 hours a week preparing for his class on a non-test week. Eeeek!!!! Vet grad students tell me it's the hardest class they've had.
Very knowledgeable but lectures are VERY rushed. Its almost as if she does it through one breath.
Lectures are rushed, and often scattered. No time is left for discussion. Student questions answered quickly with harsh, matter-of-fact tone rather than a thoughtful response. Huge amount of busy work. No calculators allowed b/c "you should know arithmetic". She should improve on her writing by that argument. "effect" noun, "affect" verb
Good lecturer; exams very difficult, especially the second exam which (according to Suchman) is designed to be almost impossible to finish.
If you want an easy class, avoid him. If you want a meaningful class, seek him out.
Rev. Rice will change your life. You don't think it'll happen, but it does. The most inspiring person I know.
It probably gave him a sad face for my review, but that's not right. He's not easy and he's not very good at getting things to you on time, but he is a fantastic professor. Makes you challenge your preconceptions and very interesting. You have to be willing to talk though, or you will not do well. Also perpetually late to class. Great professor.
Rev. Rice has a rough exterior and can be a bit intimidating at first. I can honestly say that out of all of my Ursinus classes, I learned the most in his Ethics course.
Nice professor Boring class
Never gives an A. Doesn't believe in it.
too much reading
There was many quizzes that were hard. But as you go through the class and understand how Professor Nader works the class gets better.
Nader is incredibly smart, but some of the quizzes do not correlate to what we review in class.
dude was weird, but knowledgeable on economics. lenient on grading, basically all lecturing, dumb jokes, if you could follow and keep up you were good, seemed to keep pace with the few that already knew a lot about this stuff.
Excellent lectures. Fair. Very kind and approachable. Wants students to succeed. Vague directives on assignments and exams. She grades on specifics but often fails to clarify the expectations. Answer questions with every possible justification (even if it seems redundant). Mid term is more quantitative and in depth then you'd expect. Follow notes.
Very Nice Lady, Debated a little here and there but overall all very nice teacher. The class is rather boring but easy to follow. I didn't attend as much as I should have, but the online hw helped a lot event the the three HWs she assigned were rather tough.
Very scattered, constantly writes questions in the notes, then writes the answers below...annoying. Constantly asks the class questions and expects the entire class to participate... otherwise she'll ask the same question over and over until she feels that enough of the class has raised their hands to an answer (dumb). Exams easy, study notes.
She is an understanding teacher, but her class can be boring and it gets very confusing at the end of the semester (which is a problem). Don't get the book, borrow instead. All notes are given from overheads, and it can be hard to stay alert in class. Overall the hardest part of the class is staying motivated to come.
During the class, I found it very difficult, but in hindsight I was focusing on the wrong material in the notes. Very fair, but tough.
Boring as...........I went 2 times a week for lecture and to take a quiz on Wed. Skipped fridays and got a 3.0 Not hard at all
So boring you'll want to gouge your eyes out with a spoon. One of those classes where you'll have to just teach yourself the course out of the book.
She's a very nice kady and can be funny. The class isn't hard at all. It's a laid back class and you learn as well.
not a bad or good prof in my opinion. class was remote due to covid so learning online was a bit difficult, he also struggled with transitioning to online. taught material slow but TA's were honestly more helpful with hard to grasp concepts.
Dr. Gwynn taught stats slowly and explained concepts well. However, the course was not organized effectively (labs, textbook and lectures were not well coordinated). Aplia and assignments were easy grade boosters and exams were fair as long as you did the practice. His sense of humour was cute. This course was not as bad as I expected it to be.
Quite helpful, but has a tendency to spoon-feed information. For a social psych research class, it covered surprisingly little social psych. (If you end up taking PS397, you'll appreciate all the time and energy you put into designing scales and surveys.) One thing that's particularly frustrating: "Use APA, but do all this stuff differently."
Gave me a BAD grade on a stupid technicality!
Hmm. She really likes working with students and enjoys teaching. However, I did worse on the paper that I put more thought and time into. Nontheless, I LOT OF WRITING AND READING. Not too bad just get ready to write constantly.
clear teaching, BRUTAL marking.treats tests like an english exam, no marking scheme and is therefore subjective to his discression. EXTREMMELY picky. wants word for word regurgitation on his notes. treats you like a little kid when you ask questions. yells at class and at you sometimes
Hard tests esp when you're used to multiple choice questions. sorta funny, barely writes notes, just talks. Textbook is used a reference, everything is from his class notes. overall...meh
As a proff, he is very clear and does go over difficult concepts in detail to help students. His tests are fairly easy just as long as u pay attention in class(no crazy studying is needed). He is boring. As a person, he is very arrogant and rude to you.Doesnt help at all. a very disgruntled human
lots of repetition, repetition, repetition... but love those faces he makes
She is a spiritual woman who sheds a positive light on religion. Soci profs are usually so critical, she respects all religions and cares about people. The assignments involve recent events in the Toronto Star. Sometimes not clear but overall a kind prof. and always takes questions from students.
sly
dana is hilarious and is fair about assignments. seems to put alot of effort into his lectures; they're usually pretty funny.
Talks too much about his time at much music. Boring. Always leaves town and is never there when you need him. Loves buffy. wears the same maroon turtle neck everyday.
He loves television...wants the most out of people. Very understanding, yet can become unclear and unhelpful when trying to help and be clear. He's a great guy. Very techie!
he's hilarious... kinda confusing sometimes but he knows, well, EVERYTHING.
Very smart, fun guy, personable!
She Assign quite difficult programming assignments. TA Office hours get very busy around the homework deadlines, so ur questions might not be addressed. She is helpful, but if u do not have a programming background, the course will be difficult. Exams were hard for me, but I did well.
I'd never programmed before and I had a really good time in the class. Not b/c of houlahan though. She's there to tell you about little nuances and things to be careful about, important details. Learning the stuff comes down to reading the book before assignments. Take the extra lab if you don't have experience. You can always drop the lab onc
She is pretty oblivious to us, or maybe she doesnt care that we're playing games all the time- but even with that you can still get a good grade in the class
class is unfair to those who have no programming experience.
There are a bunch of really nerdy cs students who take it to get an A that makes it real hard for someone not into programming
Houlahan is a decent teacher. She clearly knows her stuff and explains it fairly well. However, her lecturs can be very boring, especially when she does human demonstrations (during which she will reiterate the same point to nauseum). Still, not bad.
I honestly loved this class. Even though it was hard, I am really proud of taking this class and getting through it. The professor was very caring and his lectures provided all of the information needed for the exams. I would take this class again!
Dr. Terzaghi is nice but a horrible teacher for a low level course like BIO121. His lectures and voice put you to sleep. If you need to ask him a question, don't bother because he'll explain it to you like you've already got a masters in Biology. His powerpoints aren't very descriptive so get ready to write a lot all the time. Go to the reviews.
I did not have a problem with professor T, he makes you responsible for learning which is what college is about. His exams are tricky but not impossible. MUST attend review sessions. Mostly freshman take his class and are not prepared for how much work they will have to do. Overall a good teacher but tough on exams.
Honestly everyone complained about him but I didn't have an issue. Sometimes the test questions would trip me up but overall this class wasn't too bad, he makes you work for what you want. I sat in the front row and had a hard time hearing him sometimes.
He is sometimes hard to understand. His lectures are speedy but you just have to pay attention and its okay. Took it a second time because I did not do well the first time but you just have to pay attention and study.
This was my first bio class since junior high, so I found this course difficult because you really have to understand the material and be able to apply it for each exam. Sometimes hard to understand/hear him. Boring class in general and was the main reason why I switched majors. Good notes and keeping up with studying will help you pass the class.
Everyone always says how horrible the class is, but I didn't think that at all. Yes, it's a lot of work and can be overwhelming because of the clicker questions, but if you do the work and study, you'll do fine. Make the notecards, go to the reviews, and study with friends!
This class is definitely manageable. To pass with a 4.0, I went to every one of Mrs. Chapman's reviews and paid attention. I typed up everything she said for each review question and then went back to my room and made flash cards. Review your flash cards as much as possible for the test and you should be fine.
Class was very hard. However, he provides lots of tools to help you. Answer the review questions he gives you! Go to review...Ms. Chapman is awesome! His Sunday night reviews before tests are only helpful if you go with questions. Overall a good class that requires a lot of work!
Brilliant professor. He clearly knows his material and enjoys teaching it. He initially seems very unapproachable, but if you go to see him during his office hours he will be more than glad to help you. In fact, get to know him. He is a very interesting person to talk to and he appreciates when students take an interest in the class.
Unfortunatly I can't say hes a great teacher for my learning style...I just can't keep up with everything he talks about its really hard...I just can't do well on the tests things that he teaches just don't sink in....
Great professor if you are willing to study hard and LEARN the material and not just memorize it. His class moves very quickly, especially with the powerpoints, but he brings real-life experiences and research into the class. I recommend going to the study sessions and studying LOTS!
His classes are always interesting. He makes extremely funny examples...lights firecrackers in class...all of that. Attend Debs review session tho..theyre always helpful
Tough Class, lecture is incredible hard to understand due to the material and his lisp. Reading the book before class helps. At the very least attend the review sessions and you should be able to pull around a 3.0
He might seem like a mean or scary guy at first, but he's actually funny and pretty interesting. His class does take some studying, but it's not too hard. Tests are on the notes and he goes in the order of the book for the most part.
This man is smart. His class I felt was boring. The most entertaining thing I found was watching his transition lenses change from dark to light when he dimmed the lights. All you have to do is put the time in and you'll do fine.
His class is not that easy and if you dont know him he can be an ass, but if you go for help or get to know him he is a great guy.
Very knowledgeable and willing to help if you stop by his office. Provides a challenge for students and if this challenge is embraced, students will learn a lot. Need to put a lot of time and effort but the rewards are worth it.
Tests are wordy, slide shows are full of information, lectures are mostly about information on textbook, lectures seem redundant, READ TEXTBOOK & SLIDE SHOWS.
Tests are a little tricky but he gives you enough extra credit opportunities and other breaks that you should be ok.
Not a lot of assignments but you have to read multiple works of children's lit. so the reading is more entertaining. Stay on top of deadlines, it is easy to forget you have stuff due in this class! I was caught up in the readings and I completed 2 assignments early that I completely forgot about checking blackboard for this class for about a month.
Online class, not too much to expect. Weekly discussion board. Gives broad essay topics and allows you to pick which novels you want to write about-which is always nice! This woman is incredibly smart and truly wants to see her students succeed.
Very easy class...online!! Not too many assignments (1 super easy term and 1 written final again very easy). I would definitely recommend this class. If you need an easy online class. This is a good one!
online class....very easy. not too many assignments. You have to do the readings to do the homework.
She tended to be boring, but she did try at times not to be. The material covered ranged from the totally boring to the easiest. I did not have problems with the tests nor the paper which was a blessing. I would not recommend her unless you can handle dry lectures.
Lots of quizzes, 10 responses, 3 exams. The videos that you have to watch before the quizzes are annoying, its like the professor tried to do an ASMR at the same time he's reading. He also reads so slooooow.
Took Chaucer... Fun! Nice teacher... Learmed a lot
...a hack with tenure...his resume is as unimpressive as his stature.
Very patient.
Easy A+, kind of boring, but if you participate the class times go by fast!
Pre-recorded lecture modules that aren't edited, could really use a public speaking course (lots of filler words (uh, so, um), audibly sucks his teeth), refers to himself in the third person. Expects a huge time investment every week. Obviously knows his stuff, but miserable in a distance learning environment.
VERY tough & demanding course. Professor is very nice & experienced w/lots of valuable material. No book but LOTS of reading. Out-of-class modules (video-taped lecture) make it more like a 4-5 cr/hr class. No tests but case studies & project are VERY hard. Spend most of my energy worrying about meeting his high expectations rather than learning.
Really nice guy, really helpful. His lectures aren't great but if you ever ask him for help he's very excited.
This class was basically taught by the TA, Nick who was absolutely amazing. He even came in on a Sunday to help me. The lectures are pointless (no attendance), you learn everything in the lab. The software we used is extremely outdated, but its not hard and they grade overly nicely (do NOT forget units)! Dr. Hou has a heavy accent, but he is nice.
This class was interesting and fun. You eat a lot. You kind of feel like you don't learn anything, but you definitely do learn a lot of valuables about leadership.
Very easy but frustrating class, you will never quite know what is going on or what your grade is. But he is a nice guy and if you show up and have a pulse you will probally do very well. Students often take advantage of his easy atmosphere and personality. Really a nice guy overall - course is good as a waste class/easy a
Guy is a total space cadet and forgetswhat he is doing within seconds and loves to go off topic
great class, enjoyable and very easy. Easy A's, does not expect much and easy grader. the class has great simulations, a project, has been one of my favorite SOM courses. everyone should take a leadership course, even if you're not in HRM. Disorganized!!
Goofy..but nice guy. Does not give too much work to do.
Spelled out the questions on the test. Book was $150!! Kind of a hard-ass but easy if you go to class and take notes. Definitely not a class to sleep through. No hats or gum chewing in there.
This class was a complete waste of my time. I didn't like his teaching and I didn't learn much. I will never take him again.
Very easy class. He always lets out early. Easy tests when you listen and take notes. One 10 min presentation due.
It was a shame that such a very good, dedicated and interesting Professor had to leave WCU. His teaching methods for his classes were unique.
Expects TOO much from non 400 level classes. Take as a last resort!!!!
I LOVE professor selvanathan. She is the best lady ever. She is so nice, so cooool, and really beautiful!!! I wish she taught all of my classes!
Weekly quizzes made an A in this class easy.
Slightly difficult to understand, weekly quizes, group project(Significant Portion of your grade) and no final. Basically if you do the work and actually study you will do fine. Lets be reasonable here, all in all at the end of the day it's still a management class, it's not that complicated.
Pay attention during her explanation of how to do the problem. Study from the book for the Final, none of the problems you do in class are on the final. If you need the book for this class, I have it for $40. I originally bought it for $60. You def. use the books for the problems.
Meet Rani: Disorganized, forgetful, and unreachable via email. To get an A grade, take advantage of her office hrs. And bug the crap outta her til u understand!!!!
She is very unclear. You have a quiz every week but it's really easy as long as you go by the chapter outlines at the end of each chapter. She gives huge curves and the homework in most of your grade. You pick your group the first day so pick people who will show up and do work correctly if you don't want to do it all yourself. Easy A.
has anyone had her in the summer time? i have read the reviews and it doesnt look too good but im about to take it in the summer..any suggestions?
Wow. Where to begin? well, her exams are like NOTHING you do in class in her lectures; you will experience a near heart attack upon the sight of the first and subsequent tests; You will hear her repeat "Is it okay?" after every lecture example; and finally, her final exam....GOOD LUCK PASSING IT!!!!
if u study for the quizzes u will be fine, the group projects are easy to get an A
Houston, we have a problem. Space cadet of a teacher, isn't quite attached to earth.
She's not that bad if you show up to class and pay attention. If you don't understand something - ask a question... most people don't participate or ask questions (because they're busy surfing the internet), and then wonder why they don't understand what's going on. If she likes you - you'll pass!
Hated Paul for the first couple of weeks I had him in class, know thats completely different. Paul is a highly knowledgeable man and sincerely teaches you lessons that you cannot learn anywhere else. The cases in 425 are a pain and are stressful, but the amount you learn from redoing them is worth the time spent. Paul will help you, he is a great
Funny, nice guy. Not very clear at all. His lectures are kind of all over the place. Office hours will help you
Hard professor. Makes you think twice, but worth the extra hour or two you spend per week on his cases. Cases (papers) are due every week. Work together with lots of others and they seem less daunting. PS go to office hours he'll love you.
Did not use a textboook. But required you to read "Buying-in". I found it challenging to take him for two classes in one semester. Expecially since both classes required reading books. (not that reading is hard, just time consuming). This class is not a hard class, and he does his best to make it interesting. Funny and nice guy. GO TO CLASS!
Can be unclear at times and crams in a lot of work. Does a lot of trial and error type assignments. Wants to see you do well, but wants to see you do it on your own. It's a 300 level course, there is no need to be baby fed the material. Treats you like an adult and prepares you for the job world. Anyone who hates on him is just being lazy
He was interested in the subject and knew what he was talking about, but he clearly wasn't there to teach. He did a lot of things to make his life easier. Fulltime student's with jobs don't have time for some one who's part time job is their future.
Hes not a very good teacher, but kevin dunleavy is so nice and must curve every test. breifly go over the material and show up once a week and your gauranteed at least a b-
He is very nice and goes slowly over the material. However, if you do not ask questions, then he will not go farther into a topic.
he is kind of boring. i think he wants everyone to do well. his tests are few and hard and i guess id say to study your notes from class. i didn't use the book much. he does curve grades at the end of the semester though.
Overall he's a good guy but he's really boring. I struggled to pay attention every class. Does not use the book a lot. His tests are kind of hard and some stuff he tells you that will be on the test isn't on there. I wouldn't take him again but if you need to it would be ok.
So boring. Easy just boring. Hes a real nice guy.
study and go to class
Great professor in the aspect that I have 100% learned so much in his class. The problem with Flynn is that he makes it known that many students do and will fail, from the start, and that you just have to figure it out. His tests are hard, but the class is hard. He could help more with the tax returns, because he does not explain anything with them
not bad
This class has a reputation as being the hardest class in the accounting department at West Chester, and it lived up to it's reputation tax is just a hard topic anyway but he won't make it any easier. He will make you learn and the tests are open book, but the assignments are very difficult. He will make you feel like an idiot if you ask question
Tough grader but you learn a lot. LOOK ONLINE FOR TAX RETURN ASSIGNMENTS!!!!!!
Flynn teaches an "interesting" class, not impossible by any means. He sets the bar high for students. Passing requires serious time and effort. Definitely not a class to take lightly.
Lecture wise: his notes were very clear and organized, but the lectures move at a fast pace, so reading/doing homework prior is make or break. Don't let his sarcastic personality discourage you from participating. This man's recommendation hold a ton of credibility with employers, so get on his good side.
Was so scared going into this class based on what people said. I read the textbook, did the problems, paid attention in class, and put in a lot of study time. His outlines help. Everyone I know that put in work passed, those that didn't try didn't do well. Your choice.
Tax 2 is much harder than tax 1. Material is intense and builds on every chapter. Put the work in and you'll scrape by. There is no point in complaining because the road to a WCU accounting degree is through him. Accept that the class is unfairly difficult and do the best you can, you will get a C.........(maybe)
Dr. Flynn teaches the class very well. I read the book, I studied and when it was time to take the test I still failed them. It is a tough class and I still have to take it again. NOT LOOKING FORWARD TO IT. This is a tough class! Good Luck.
I am graduating in May and it looks like I will pass Tax 2, but I know there are people who may not. In my opinion, Tax 2 is much more difficult than Tax 1 solely because of the material being taught. Flynn teaches the material well though. Do the work and you should be alright. However, the first return assignment is way too much work.
I watched this man take a 20% grade deduction from a tax return because the person showed up to class LITERALLY 30 seconds late. DO NOT take this class lightly. Don't lollygag the first test like I did and play catch up the rest of the way. Respect the class. Flynn teaches it the best way possible, but lock and load for a heck of a semester.
Flynn's class is the hardest you'll have to take in your time as an accounting major. Honestly, tax is my favorite type of accounting to learn because you can put it to use in your personal life. However, his tests are impossible and syllabus unforgiving. I know that the last few comments were posted by Flynn because it's what he says all the time!
Taking Tax I now. Probably the hardest class i've taken so far. Flynn isn't a bad teacher at all, it's just the material is difficult to study for. Type up all of your notes and condense them for quick reference sheets during tests and practice the problems over and over.
Hard Work and showing up for class alone doesn't guarantee a passing grade. I suggest you go online and find a solution manual to the text book. This will ensure a 100% on all tax returns and homework, and will go a long way in passing tax classes, possibly even with a high grade.
Excellent teacher. His tests are difficult due to time constraints. If you don't want to put the time and effort in, then be a management major. His classes are tough, but you will know the material when you leave. He makes class very interesting, and he is an excellent public speaker.
There's a difference between being a challanging prof. and just a plain jerk. Flynn is the later, he purposely makes his exams impossible to finish. Most ACC exams are about 25 MC and 3 problems. His test hav 28 problems. Immpossible to finish cause of the strict time limit. I would pay to see him take his own exam.
Go to his class and take notes. Good notes are very helpful in exams! Good luck!
Dr. Flynn is a teacher who challenges you, calls on you when you don't want to be, but overall a great teacher. He makes you think, not just memorize!
I hate Tax!!! He is too smart to be a teacher. Tax is just too difficult subject to study. a lot of twistings in his exam. seriously impossible tests.
I did better in Wilkinson's music history (without partying, thanks) than in this class. Weak? I think not. At least Crotty liked me. It was hell for a few people. He is definitely "out there," and sometimes you'd swear he has to be making this stuff up.
Knows the material, nice enough most of the time, but sometimes becomes Mr. Hyde. If English is your 2nd language (not myself), seek help elsewhere.
roundy is the laziest teacher i have ever had. there is five peragraph essay you have to write and 10 pg research paper which he barely covered, not helpful...he just wasn't informative enough. you never know what your grade gonna be until you get the paper back, he just mean as hell. stay away if you not good in writing perfect essay.
roundy is probably the laziest teacher i have ever had. there is only a midterm & final which are short essay from which is cool, but then there's a 10 pg research paper which he barely covered and then went out of town for 2 WEEKS prior to the paper being due! not helpful...he just wasn't informative enough.
roundy is probably the laziest teacher i have ever had and i really didn't learn much in his class. there is only a midterm & final which are short essay from the readings throughout the semester which is cool, but then there's a 10 pg research paper which he barely covered and then went out of town for 2
He teaches well and explains the material clear. The semester was relaxed. BUT... every paper I wrote for his class, he gave me a C/B when I knew, and classmates knew, that I was the better writer. It's like he despised me. Said I was too "arrogant" in my papers. Classmates with worse papers got 'A' in course, I got a 'C'. He plays favorites.
he is very interesting and funny. he teaches the class very well. i would recomend him for all students that have to take ENC 1102
GOOD LUCK GUYS SHES NOT TO BAD LOL
Homework everyday and quizzes every class for attendance. Unnecessary for that much work, it was helpful, but annoying. I am good at math and took this class during covid, so it was easy to pass the class. Do the work and do well on the quizzes, it won't be too bad. Helpful study guides and extra credit! Late work allowed but points deducted.
you MUST DO ALL THE MY MATH PLUS!!! few extra credit assignments. ALL THE TESTS are long about 5 pages. QUIZZES ARE EVERYDAY SINGLE CLASS. does give m.c. questions on quizzes and test. BE PREPARED TO LEARN !!!
She wasn't bad. She was a little fast, but if uou pay attention, you should be able to understand. I liked her.
Math comes easy to me. So this was an easy A. However, she does go over what is going to be on the test and she gives you a quiz the 1st ten mins. of most classes. All in all, if you study do the homework and PAY ATTENTION it should be a breeze.
good teacher, personally im not so good at math but she definetly gives u the opportunity to drop low grades and such.
Her tests werelike books!Explains way too fast!!!I did not feel comfortable asking questions in class... I had to go to a tutor to catch up and make sense of material. Even the tutor, a former trig teacher, thought that her tests were too long!
very sarcastic. makes you not to ask any questions.
Doesn't explain problems properly. Skip steps..and moves very fast in the course.
I had Prof. Oldfather for this class 2 terms ago & her lectures are long, PPTs aren't the greatest. If you turn essays wevery test it counts as extra credit. If you readtake noteslisten to reviews you WILL pass. Taking her for World Geo in Win2015 term & I know I WILL pass her class
Shes traveled alot and can sometimes be interesting but most of the time not really. Powerpoint is used but the note she gives does not answer alot of the questions thats on the test so make sure to read your text book. The only grades you receive are test grades.
good class. plan on taking A LOT of notes if you want to do good on the only four test! study guide is given before the test but there was always a few questions that weren't on the study guide. she makes it interesting because she has actually traveled the world and knows her stuff from experience. very nice teacher.
She's real nice and easy to understand her class. May have a lot of powerpoints to note on but studying is helpful to pass the tests. Keep up the work. Thanks again.
Professor Oldfather is one of the nicest teachers here at BCC. We took a lot of notes from powerpoint. She knows a lot about history. Read the book, it may help u out a lot. Take notes on what she says. Sometimes in her tests its not all based on the notes she gives but on what says too. Tests can be a little tricky just make sure you study.
Her class is very easy, but she is too boring. She is very smart, that is a fact. She has history hardwired into her head. She can lecture for hours about facts, and dates, and never look down at a notes or anything. If you want tot be a history major, she is your key. WARNING!!! Stay awake! or get dirty looks...
I had a hard time following along in the class. For me the tests weren't that cut and dry. Personal opinion.
Very easy course. Not too helpful after class. People I know all got an A in her class.
pretty easy class, if you cant get a A or B here you better just drop out.
He is a really good professor. The complicated part of the class is the midterm and the final. There are very heavy test that contain some information that he didn't teach during lectures. So you have to study very hard to get a good grade on tests. Homework are very easy which you can get and A on all assignments if you follow instructions.
Easy class but he can be very boring. He should try to not use wikapedia to teach. But you can pass this class no problem.
Okay this teacher is great! He works with you! H is very passionate about what he teaches. I enjoyed going to every class!
Great professor, everything you need to study is always on the review. I never had to read the book, as long as you attend class and take notes on key terms and stuff on the board you will do great. Makes the class worth taking.
Lectures are very content-heavy and takes a long time not too terrible imo but you have to commit to it. Final was extremely specific to the lectures, pay close attention to them. Even as someone who attended regularly and took notes I found myself grasping general concepts rather than the specifics. TA will probably make or break this course.
Prof. Chodorow is very knowledgeable and friendly, and he is accessible after lectures. However, his lectures are intense and too informative rather than interactive, and you have to go to the lectures as he assigns quizzes which test you on very small details. If you don't like history and old-school teaching style, then don't take him.
He is super nice and friendly but his lectures can be a bit boring. I attended lectures but didn't take notes and was fine. Papers were easy and there were only a few of them. I would take a class from him again, it was way more manageable than my CAT2 class from a different professor.
Chodorow is a very friendly grandpa-like guy. He's kind and a bit funny. His lectures are old-school, just him talking, very few slides. This class mainly depends on what TA you get because they do the grading. You have to buy an online reader specifically for this class, which is annoying. Two 750 word essays and four 250 word ones. Not too bad.
Professor Chodorow is amazing. If you take the time to talk to him you will learn so much. I hope to continue my relationship with this professor even after the class is over.
Is nice professor but his voice bores you and his lecture is a recap of the reading mostly but you have to go to lecture or else the final will be impossible. His essay choices also aren't very straight foward they are kinda out there. Okay teacher but I wouldn't take him again
Chodorow isn't a bad professor. He's a great speaker although his lectures do get boring. But when he discusses the readings he discussed thoroughly. The readings are very hard to keep up with but you don't have to read every single word. I wish class was less writing based b/c the final is pretty much a lot of essays. But he gives you a studyguide
Very smart and nice man. His lectures are hard to follow. However, if you listen, you are able to pick out things that are essential to not only the course but life after college as well. Talk to him, use his OH wisely. He loves to talk so... let him talk (hint hint for the essay prompts)
I got way more out of HUM 1 than I thought I would. The readings we're interesting but can get lengthy so just keep up with the most important ideas. As for Chodorow, his lectures do get boring but he introduces things to look for in the readings and the final. He's the only teacher who gives a study guide so that helps.
He's not a bad teacher, but he's in the history department for a reason. He cares a lot about the history of a culture but the other hum teachers focus more on themes. He gives study guides, even the prompts for the essays on the final, at least this year he did. I hate my TA and you grade is dependent on them so sucks if you get a crappy one.
Worst MMW I had, worst grade I ever got in mmw class, and I finsihied the 6 qrters. I took him bc I heard he gave out study guides for exams but hes the type to give you the guide and pick the randomest term to say "GOTCHA!! HAHA!" I also had a lit. TA, who graded papers hella hard. Maybe thats why I am bitter. combo of both.
HE'S SOOOO BORRRRINGGG!!! and because he's boring, i don't pay attention... and it takes self control to be attentive and do well... he does podcast so no one goes to lecture... i cant wait until this quarter is over....he should be retired...
Boring lecture; however, he is an interesting guy. He's a nice person and his class was kinda more centered on concepts rather than facts. I would suggest him over Keller ANY DAY
Very boring lexture, although very nice and helpful old man. Study guide is long and sometimes essay are confusing but as long as u support your argument you're good.
Seems like a very nice man, but kinda boring lecturer. Hands out long study guides but if you learn it all you'll be fine.
His lectures are boring and somewhat confusing. Get the AS lecture notes and just keep up on the reading and you'll do fine. He gives a study guide before the midterm and the final which goes over EVEYRTHING but there are almost 100 terms to memorize on the final study guide, plus 6 short essays and one long essay. Class is a lot of work.
mixed feelings. he is boring, and there is no point in reading the reader. but there is a study guide, so if you like cramming, easy A.
Very Boring
Hours of slide lectures-readings- avoid this teacher at all costs...exams are based on minor and random facts. Extremely difficult and will make your life a living hell. I did pass the course with a "B" by some miracle, but I would never take hi
Decent prof, but kind of dry. Goes over ample examples.
HOT.
I'm not sure why everyone hates Ms. Somers. She really is a solid choice, if you pay attention in class and use the resources she provided the class is a breeze. The tests were similar to the study guides but it would be helpful to attend SIP. The only thing I didn't like about her class was there were very few assignments.
Attendance is not but mandatory she does give clicker points at random times. Shes a bit snarky and condescending which makes me not want to participate. She HATES phones and she punishes packing up early by not letting the class out 2 minutes early. If you miss elementary school then this is the class for you because thats how she treats us
Very large class sizes. She wears a mic so you can hear her. She also has a SIP session 4x a week.
Her biggest concern is making sure no students are on their phones. The tests are beyond difficult. In order to pass her tests, you have to put in a LOT of effort. Study hard, go to SIP, be in class EVERY day, etc. Attendance is mandatory & done via iClicker. Two hrs community service required. Worst class ever, all in all.
You can't skip class, she doesn't post her lectures online. However, you do learn a lot in this course! There are only 3 tests and a final in here and a community service grade. You have to work for your grade. There's a lot of things she asks you to read, do it! There will be iClickers the next day!
Alright so Mrs. Somers is a very sweet lady, for being a level 100 class it is definitely not what is expected but the class is really not that hard if you pay attention in class and take good notes. The tests are really all on the notes. If you want help, it is there with SIP and old practice tests. It is a very intriguing class and i recommend it
If you are not a science person and need specific detailed notes, do not take this class! The lectures are in no order and neither is the study guide. The study guide is long and tedious with random articles, videos, and what nots. The power points are not laid out well for note taking. Although, she does offer some comic relief in some slides
Good professor, go to SIP, study and you will be fine.
make sure to do the study guides if you take this class.
This lady is crazy! Sea turtles and that darn microphone she uses! Also the cat video, do you guys remember that? She's very interesting....bring ear muffs!
Somers class was pretty easy. She lays out most of the material in a study guide in which you can look at to study for the test. If you're a non biology student and looking for a science 105 is the class for you.
Sea Turtles. She loves them.
She really cares for the environment!! I was apprehensive for the first few weeks in her class, but if you stick it out, it is worthwhile! She has the strangest sense of humor, that I might actually miss! Her lectures can get a little boring sometimes... and sometimes her tests don't match her lectures. But all and all an interesting course.
She really likes sea turtles...Dude, like i mean A LOT!...Foxy lady
Out there
I hate Bio but I learned a lot in this class. She's strict on attendance & seating, but I pulled of a B in this class, & didn't go to any SI sessions. Not a bad class, regardless of if Bio is your thing or not
This was one of the easier science classes I've taken at UNCG. She is strict about attendance and assignments, but assignments are really easy, and if you go to the SI sessions, you can do pretty well on the tests. Somers is very passionate about what she teaches, and I feel like I learned a lot from this class.
This class made me realize how some professors need to focus more on teaching than other things. She is extremly strict about assignments being turned inperfectly and attendance. Dont be 1 min. late because you will be counted as absent. The class itself was hard. you need to stay awake,memorize the study guide and go to all Si sessions.
Mrs. Somners was a good teacher, but some of her policies are a bit extreme. If you are late, you are counted as absent, I even went and talked to her, explaining my situation, and she wouldn't change my attendence. I had only missed 2 classes, and i was marked down for 5. I also did not get credit on an assignment b/c it wasn't stapled.
Say what?!?!?!?!
Kinda weird but nice. All you have to do to make this class easy is buy the solution manual to the textbook. Not that bad of a professor.. wants to make it clear to the class.
Probably the most helpful teacher I've ever met, but lectures are not much better than his book which he makes us buy, and should be free because it's a pre-release version with errors and mistakes in it. Tests are fair though.
wacky and odd guy, but not a good lecturer. 202 was a constantly-working class, but i did well, so i guess i learned stuff? his textbook is the spawn of the devil.
crazyyyyyyyyyyyyyy. But i did okay in his class. i can see how people didn't like him, but he worked for me
Ruina gets a bad rep from students but i really like him-- he's kinda wacky
A lot of time spent in office hours, but probably the best class I've taken at Cornell thus far. Actually felt like I learned something.
1) no textbook: okay job in teaching but mostly feeds you with a whole bunch of differential equations. class time can be better used otherwise and textbook would do this easily. And secondly, it is just so boring! after all, copying the slids down isn't very interesting. And grading VERY picky. would be much better with a textbook and less diff eq
Her lectures are her reading differential equations off power point. Midterm was terrible, and her response was to blame us for not going to office hours enough.
He's very funny, interesting, & smart. Highly recommend any class with him.
enthusiastic guy
Funny guy with entertaining lectures, but tries to pass his opinions off as fact.
Totally agree. And he tries to pass off his opinion as fact.
Altschuler's lectures are very funny, but he can be arrogant.
I don't know why all you ppl are rating her bad-she's a great teacher and wants to help her students. if you ask her for help she'll give it and I like photo much more than before taking her class. she really does have the biggest heart
I have mixed feelings about Lejk. The class was actually pretty cool, but he grades papers according to his own rules. Throw out anything you learned in ENG2116 about grammer because there are now Lejk's rules of grammer. But once you learn his style it's easy to write for him. I have been told to take the Friday class, 4 less papers.
This will be an easy class for good writers and those who are willing to participate in class discussions when necessary. CAUTION: the worst grading scheme I have ever encountered. Does not give grades higher than an A-. No room for error and will not grade up any 88s or 87s.
There is a 2003 edition of the MLA handbook at the Reserve desk on the main floor of the library that will help with your papers. Save money on the suggested manual for class which is a summary version of the real thing.
Great class.I never thought I'd learn so much from my peers.Beats Public Speaking(equivalent credit)!Lejk lets students guide class.He sucks for Lejk's laws in writing(picky as H_ELL),but ATTEND class,PARTICIPATE,LEARN,be on top of your stuff and you'll do fine.Great interesting class,but 3155-hated
easy A, but you will probably not gonna learn anything. his notes are hard to understand and he doesn't teach well.
Very interesting teacher. I have had him for three classes now and have learned to understand what he is saying. If you just watch what he is doing on the board and you have some knowledge of math, then you will follow along fine.
Not too bad. I thought about dropping this class but decided to stay and got an A. He is willing to help if you show him that you are trying...
He doesn't know how to teach but lets you make up some things. He let us make up one test but not the others. You can turn anything at anytime.
I did not learn alot from him; However, take him if you want an A.
The class is pretty easy, but its hard material.
Awesome curve, and grading scale. Hard to understand, but you get used to it.
Foreign guy, not very clear, but nice and willing to help. Lenient on grades.
Personally she is a great professor she knows what shes talking about. To be honest, she assigns entirely WAy TOO MUCH reading... Im a full time student and full time manager. My schedule is already busy enough, If you have a demanding job after class, do not take her class. If you are able to give 100% yourself to school, go for her!
If you dont like english, do NOT take her. She is a very unfair grader & even admitted in class "I dont like to give A's, I tend to give mostly B and B+" She does not justify her reasoning at all! Wayy to many books to read(9 she expects you to read her mind on what she wants for essays. She also talked to us like we were 5th graders.
Can't read her handwriting and if you didn't sleep well the night before, beware, because it's hard to stay awake. A ton of reading but the essays aren't bad. Very liberal political views and she lets it be known. Argues if you disagree with her, but she is not as bad as other english teachers.
Not a hard class at all, but fair warning for conservatives and moderates: She talks about liberal politics alot. Can't read her handwriting and when you ask her to explain what she wrote, she sometimes gets mad. Is extremely kooky.
Difficult to get along with.
To be honest Amy is a bit of a dissappointement, As someone who did like the artistic aspect of animation rather than th eindustry stuff - I expected Amy to have more intuition and encouragement. I think, perhaps, ever since she stopped producing her own
Dr. Horn has great lectures, which he is definitely known for. He's so knowledgeable and that definitely shows in class. He's a very tough grader. My issue with Dr. Horn was that he was very unapproachable. I am a student with a disability and he seemed very annoyed to accommodate and was doing so bc Mac forces profs to. I didn't feel respected.
Very good lecturer. Tough marker, but pretty fair
Speaks way too fast. Gives too much to read. Other than that... I guess he's not that bad. Hard though.
If you like this guy's lectures you're a huge nerd who loves writing notes for an hour straight. He is probably the most knowledgeable prof in the school, but marks far too hard and is super boring. I will no longer take history b/c of him.
Goes through the material a bit too fast. Not a bad teacher though.
very condescending/smug and a hard marker but sorta funny,good speaker
good lectures, essay grading rough in class
Hartfield is definitely not a professor that will give you a grade you don't deserve. He will prepare you for your future math classes. I enjoyed it overall but there were some definite times when I wanted to quit and times where I cried.
My main complaint about Hartfield is that he teaches material s that you know what to do like steps: 1, 2, 3. That works for some people, but I like to UNDERSTAND the concepts, know why I'm doing what I'm doing. Overall though he is fair, and gives you plenty of opportunity to succeed. He will drop your lowest test-AWESOME. He's entertaining too.
Dr. Hartfield really knows his stuff, but in my opinion doesn't always teach in a way that can make any student get it. If you think like he does, the class will not be hard for you. He teaches the material one way, the way HE thinks is easiest, and expects you to be able to answer questions HIS way. This just means you have to practice though.
Extremely easy and entertaining class! I definitely recommend him for MAT 126!
He is a funny teacher. You don't get spoon-fed anything in his class. You must take what you have learned in class, and be expected to approach it from every direction.
Studying is a must, study partner, and taking good notes. Going beyond the required work was expected. He is a good teacher and knows his stuff, but the test are on a higher level than the notes. His motives is to apply what you learned to other element.
He isnt easy and he isnt hard. His jokes are funny at first but eventually, it gets old.
He is a nice teacher, but he does have very boring lectures that go on from the very start of class to the very end. His class is not hard, but it is a lot of reading and trying to understand documents. If you pay attention in class, you will pass, but paying attention in his class is the hard part.
The assignments were just a few papers, a presentation, and participation, so not a very difficult A. I really like Dr. Good as a person, but some of the class discussions were difficult to understand as he goes off-topic at times. Class was really just discussing readings, not much "normal" lecture. I would take him again regardless.
FOR HIS105 I wasn't a fan of his lectures, I thought they were fairly unorganized, but pay attention when he goes over the documents! His tests are all free response/essay, there are daily quizzes based off the HW readings, and no papers. However, he has a review session the night before each exam which were very helpful. Do the HW. Take notes.
All semester we read documents and then took a two question quiz at the start of every class. All you had to do was summarize (with detail for a better grade) the documents that we read.
Dr. Good is a very easy professor. His tests are so easy and short. If you're good at memorizing things and reading documents, this class is for you. There are no quizzes and there are only tests. His final exam is not cumulative. His class and his lectures are very boring, but just do the homework/reading during class and you'll get through it.
Read, read, read. That's all you do. No lecturing happening in his class room, and attendance is not required. Test are rough. Just avoid if you can.
Dr Good is a nice man, but his class is very boring. The readings he picks out are terrible and his class can be painful at times. He is willing to help any student in need though. He cares about your grade if you care.
A really nice guy, but kind of spacey. He will often try to answer a question with a 10 minute response that rarely involves the question. Loves class involvement, a lot of reading, and decently fair on grading.
Dr. Good is an overall nice guy... if you think he hates you, he doesn't, he just gives that impression. You must read and discussion is a must! there are 4 papers but that's it... he's the easiest of all the FYS professors but extremely boring!!!
He is extremely boring. I could hardly keep my eyes open, but he is a very nice person.
Dr. Good is a sweet teacher, but the class is dull. It's pretty straightforward if you read the companion readings, but there are a lot of them.
She cool
Wasn't always clear on what she expected out of her assignments.
Intimidating ... otherwise a good teacher. She does smile a fair amount and classes are generally light. Watch out for homework assignments, don't half @$s anything and you'll do fine.
He is a great professor if you are willing to be in all of your effort. Tests will be difficult but he's willing to conform his schedule to make sure his students know what he is talking about.
Extremely nice guy, attendance not mandatory and you are pretty much guaranteed a B. I bombed the second test and did poorely on the final and still got a B. Take him for an easy B
as said before, take him to get through LE 207 not to learn anything. could be a hard class but an easy A or B with him.
Very knowledgeable about his subject. Very kind, really wants the students to learn, so he makes it easy, but the students are generally slackers... He bought my entire class pizza one evening, and encouraged us to bring children to class.
B IS FOR BERRY!!! If you show up half the time and pretend to do the reading, and do the notebook, you get a B!! It's not hard, he tells you what chapters you have to go through at the beginning of the semester, it doesn't get any easier!!
Dr. Berry is a very nice guy...however gave a four hour 300 question final which was the only grade we got all semester...take if you can though he pretty much assured the class we would all do well
does not teach material well. But its B for Berry. Even though I would like it better if he taught the material better. Gave quizes and test after 5 or 6 Chapters, instead of one test the whole year. But dont take me wrong hes a god guy. Take if u can
Very personable. Cares about his students and wants them to suceed. He has offered to buy coffee for anyone in the class a few times before.
I know I will get bashed for this, but I wasn't a big fan. Biggg feminist she is. Let's you 'cheat' by putting notes on a notecard for the test. I thought it was college.
This individual is comical. He loves his erasers and I believe it is called bertha. I laughed a lot and he is very interesting if you give him a chance. He is a very intelligent teacher that has different view point in totality. He teaches far more intense in the origins of the formula. you just have to listen...its just for in depth understanding.
This guy is very ANNAL! If you forget to put the arrow signs at the end of your graph or if you forget a neg. sign you get pts off. He is a very smart man but he will make you feel like crap! If you need an A...DON'T TAKE HIM! If you ask him for help he doesn't help you he just makes you feel dumb! I'm a math major and I hated HIS class!
It is obvious this guy is a math genius, unfortunately he's really bad at teaching math. He confuses students by solving problems with his method then gives homework from the book using a different method. His test are based on his methods, so the homework from the book is pretty much useless. If you want an A, DO NOT take this professor!
Mr. Reeves was a good teacher. He expects his students to think and ask questions. If you attend class, take good notes, and ask questions you can get a good grade. He is also very available for any assistance needed outside of class.
Material was difficult to grasp. Teacher was pleasant to talk to, but even being a math wiz I couldn't grasp the instruction. Teacher had most of his students on the first test fail. I withdrew because I was failing. The material was hard to understand the way he explained it. Don't take his class if you don't have to.
DOnt know if course is right, it was Pre-Cal
Teaches math for the 21st century, "only what you can plug into your computer."
Prof Knocke is a good teacher. However, he repeats lectures week to week and you don't learn as much as you could in the 16-week classes. He is a tough grader because he expects you to go above and beyond. As long as you do more than asked you will get a good grade.
The class was good and all, but everyday was really a drag for me. Especially it being a 2-3 hour class and all. He was really informative, and seemed kinda easy for me. I passed with a "A" in the class. If your looking for a easy class take him. But for people actually going into this field don't. Cause he dosn't give you challenges.
he give really good points.but he's also rude, egotistical, and a realist.you can't be quiet or make any mistakes or he will yell at you and belittle you.
She waits until after they drop date to count her pop quizzes. Shell make it seem like she dropped them and at the last minute when its too late to drop or bring your grade up, she counts them. Missing class cost points that cannot be earned back. All pop quizzes are open ended responses. Mood effects teaching/grading. Doesnt care about students
This online class was easy if you do your work. It is not a class where you can set your own pace, she sets everything due on certain days. Read the material and study, and there's not reason not to get an A. She is hard to contact if you email her, she is very quick to respond. She is however a quick and fair grader. Easy class, but you will work.
Who ever said that this women is hot...dead wrong. But for an old gal she is really nice. Class is kind of repetitive, but SUPER easy. If you show up and read your book right before the midterm and final. Piece of cake class.
Is a good teacher, and very friendly and understanding. easy class
His lectures break down complex issues, his study guides list everything covered in the class, his tests are fairly difficult. His papers require you to condense a large amount of material into a liitle bit of space. If he likes you AND thinks that you are working hard, then he is an easy grader, but if not, then he will fail you and enjoy it.
Anyone who knows GQ knows that he is extremely intelligent and very helpful. Thinking differently means that you are either stupid, ignorant, or lazy; probably all three. GQ respects those who are deserving of it, anyone who disagrees obviously is not worth his time or effort. Life's tough, wear a helmet
he really is a nice guy. However, be prepared to work hard and play favorites.
When he wasn't talking about himself, he kinda knew what he was talking about and was able to teach a little.
I think that Dr. Pellathy can be hard to understand at times. He is not a very good public speaker but if you would just pay close attention you should be able to handle the class
very monotone voice...he mumbles a lot so don't sit in the back of the room if you don't want to fall asleep
He reminds me of a cute old grandpap! I love him!
She is a very nice person and will ask how you are doing and if you need help. Unfortunately it is a lot of homework, memorization, and self teaching. She expects you to be going over French everyday and there are constantly tests, where you have to memorize a lot of vocab and translate entire sentences into French and spell everything correctly.
Blandino can be a wild card. She has always been helpful when I needed it but I have also seen her give other students a hard time. She gives a lot of exams and quizzes (seriously, like at least once a week) but she does grade fairly and sometimes gives bonus. Overall, if you're just fulfilling a language requirement you can survive it.
She's great
I feel as though dr. blandino is a very nice teacher. she shows interest in class and makes it fun at times. she is really easy to learn off of if you just pay attention
Stay on her good side..
This class is absolutely useless and has nothing to do with computer science - a waste of time and money. There is no reason why CS majors are required to take it. That's why "Helpfulness" is rated a 1. However, Ms. Brunelle does respond to emails well and answers any questions you may have about the computer science degree.
Doesn't know anything technical. Does well in teaching societal things which is the main content of both courses. Does push a lot on you in 300u and she over estimates the importance of the class. She said we wouldn't be able to pull off a last minute essay because she'd know. Guess what? I got an A and I wrote mine 5 hrs before it was due.
Grades way too hard for such a useless class. Preferential towards computer science students over comp. eng. students.
I took MGMT 340 summer 2016 Web Ex. I find that it is a hard course because Professor Keeling grades you on three exams and a paper that is only worth up to 10 points so there isn't much leverage to mess up. Tests are tricky. He doesn't really communicate via email or if he does he will send one word responses like "no" or "yes" so it's best to cal
He was a good professor with lots of real world advice. The tests were a little hard but study the power points and you will do fine. I took this as a summer class and thought it was was great.
Mr. Keeling has a great personality, however the grading system in the class is a set-up for disappointment. Only 3 30-point tests and 1 10-point paper. The 30-question tests cover several chapters and the wording is often times tricky. If the grading system were different, I would take it again.
I found myself struggling in this course. I have nothing against the professor BUT his exams were ridiculous. Only 30 questions. Each exam covered 5-7 chapters. I found it VERY difficult to study for! If you missed just a few questions, you drop a letter grade. They were NOT easy questions either, very misleading! Be prepared =-)
Mr. Keeling is a great professor. He is very excited about the subject matter that he teaches and has a lot of experience. He tries to relate the material in class to real life experiences. Test material is on the powerpoints, yet tests can sometimes be tricky. Overall a pretty easy class. 3 tests (90), one paper(10). Grades on 100 points total.
Hard to study for his tests due to volume of info in his classes. Some of his "all the above" multiple choice questions are unnecessarily misleading. Test are small, only 31 questions so U can get in trouble fast on your grade if you don't prepare well. Pay attention to power-points & his get your "hands on this" points. Easy papers.
Professor Keeling is very flexible and explains everyting in detail. You need to show up and listen in his class and you will get an A.
Pretty funny guy. BUT if he did mention Bell Atlantic AT&T again, I might have gone crazy. Tests can be tricky, BUT I got a C with VERY MINIMAL effort..so if you actually study and dont cram the night before like me, it should be an easy B. One thing I did not like was that he crammed 7 chapters into one test and then picked 31 questions!
He's a good professor, but his tests are tricky. He does points out the topics that are important, so take notes.
Good teacher, tests are kind of tough. It's definately a class you have to be interested in to get anything out of it.
His lectures are long, but informative. He does not give study guides or review for tests. His tests are hard, but this is not a 100 level course, they're supposed to be hard! Those who got bad grades didn't try hard enough. He provides all the info you need to do well, you just have to study.
He is a nice teacher but you have to study all the slides to do well on the tests. I did not do well because I had no time to study for the class due to my job that semester and my other classes.
He is a nice teacher but you have to study all the slides to do well on the tests. I did not do well because I had no time to study for the class due to my job that semester and my other classes.
I had Prof. Keeling for Mgmt 325 & 340. I am in my early 30s taking satellite distance classes thru ODU. Maybe I think he has something to offer students b/c of his real world experience in mgmt due to my age. But I think he is a pretty good teacher. His tests can be challenging, but college courses should not be a piece of cake.
Tricky tests, but I learned so much from his management class. And some of his sayings are HILARIOUS! Kept my attention. Enjoyed the class, just have to study is all.
Tests are tricky. Know your powerpoints and definitions. Stories give real world experience but can become monotonus by the end of the semester. Don't believe him when he says about getting out of class early.
Great Professor. Genuinely cares about students and is willing to help if you are willing to ask. 2 Tests and 2 Papers. Decently tough grader but not impossible by any means. Read the material and go to class and you'll be fine.
Great professor! Knowledgeable about class material, very intelligent, fair grader, made class enjoyable & I learned from it too.
Professor McClure taught me more about history than I've ever learned! He seems to really enjoy teaching. He also really likes it when people participate in discussions. There is a lot of reading for his class and there were only four grades ( two papers, a midterm and final). I would definitely reccomend taking this professor!
Dr. McClure is the proto-typical prof: always in the ether. His lectures were intensely intellectual, tedious, and boring. He is clearly a brilliant professor... it's too bad he is unable to inspire his students.
well, he is okay. he is a nice guy, his classes are good. you just don't really know what he's thinking.
Merrill is a funny guy and he does know what he's talking about...however, his tests ARE difficult. Class attendance is HIGHLY recommended b/c if you don't go to class, the tests will be VERY hard. Uses ONLY applied knowledge, so you have to know what you're talking about and be able to apply it to situations. unclear slides if youre not in lecture
He was a great teacher, his tests were easy as long as you studied a little and attended class.
This professor was fun!! He seems like an eccentric, stereotypical psychologists. But his class is fun. He made statistics seems, semi-interesting (I hate statistics in general). His sense of humor is a little odd, but I loved him as a teacher!! If you have the option, take his class!!
I didn't like the class it was so hard to understand her sometimes. She's a great teacher but not for this class. She's tough, and if you are intrested in infant toddler it's a great class otherwise, it sucks
He's an odd teacher - doesn't really teach to the style of the students, despite the fact that he says otherwise. Heavy emphasis on the textbook. Really smart guy though, but didn't seem connected to any of the students but his favorites.
He really knows his stuff, but taking notes in class is really hard because of the handouts. Its impossible to study from the notes in class, and the text isnt much help. Best way to study is do the practice problems on the website. Office hours were overcrowded and the TA's didnt have enough time to be particularly helpful to anyone.
The textbook is horrible and convoluted. you basically buy it for the HW problems inside. taking notes in class is nearly impossible and pointless since he passes out so many handouts. limited number of practice problems. studying for prelims and final are difficult because of this.
he looks like jack from lost
This class is HARD. Exams are chaos, make sure you go to peer-led (optional side lessons) because those are the only times you'll have questions that resemble those on the test. Watch his online lectures to prep for exams, I would encourage also going to lecture but the videos are extremely similar. He's crazy, but he is dedicated.
Is Chem2070 difficult and time consuming? Yes. Is Chem2070 impossible to get an A in? No. You have to learn how to study and think critically in a new way. There is a gap between what is presented in lecture and what is asked on exams. However, they give you plenty of resources to bridge that gap. Go to office hours, peer led, and flipped class.
Ill be honest; I hated this class with a passion. I took Chem 2070 (along w Bio) to see if I wanted to pursue Pre-Med, and I have decided to weed myself out The material and the prelims are very difficult, and his lectures are pretty surface-level. He does provide many resources, but it is truly a HUGE time commitment.
Dr. Lee often comes off as very aggressive during office hours or lecture but I think he really wants students to succeed. He creates so many resources for students but you have to take advantage of them. Go to lecture, office hours, peer led, and maybe take the support course (CHEM 1007) and you will find this course much more bearable.
I had Stephen Lee his first time teaching 2080. I liked his style of bringing in a lot of practice problems, but the TA to student ratio made these extra sessions not very effective. Doctor Lee is very intense and honest, and made many students cry, most likely without meaning to. He did bring grades up though, so his methods do work.
This is a really good course. I learned a lot about what chemistry is. It tied together organic, inorganic, and quantum mechanics. Although it's a 4000 level class, the workload is much less &easier than that of a normal chemistry class cuz it's an elective. Take this class before taking inorganic (4100)!! It definitely helps create base knowledge!
By a long ways my favorite Cornell professor. In both 2160 and 4300 Lee blew my mind every class. He's clearly genius, although sometimes has a hard time communicating himself, but is willing to put the students before everything else if you need extra help or a 1 on 1 explanation. If you liked 2160 you will love 4300.Also tells the best stories
If you want to take this class just to have something to look good on your transcript, don't. However, if you are prepared to work hard, devote a lot of time, and learn how to think differently, you have my highest recommendation. Professor Lee is brilliant, interesting, and caring; though you will not immediately understand everything, keep at it!
Prof. Lee is a great guy. The first few weeks of the class were honestly bad. However, after having stuck with it I'm glad I did. The work ethic I have now is amazing and being forced to think in unique ways is definitely helping me in my other courses (ChemE). I Really recommend this, just be prepared to work hard and not always understand 100%.
Go to class. Go to his office hours if you're confused on something from class. All will be fine.
The class was extremely confusing, but Stephen Lee cares about his students and really wants everyone to understand the material. The problem sessions definitely help. His prelims were fair.
This man is crazy, but he's great at what he does and is dedicated to helping you understand it. He wrote the textbook--sure it's incredibly confusing and he really pushes you to think, but his exams are much more straight forward. Homework groups and weekly problem sessions highly recommended.
Professor Lee is incredibly intelligent, but I think at times he overestimates his freshmen class. I learned a lot though. The lecture notes he provided at the beginning of the semester were helpful.
Lee is agreat prof. The material is hard, he doesn't always understand that the class completly does not understand anything, and the problem sets can be hard. But, he is a great guy, tries his best, and the material is very interesting, and he knows a lot about it. I would take more courses taught by Lee.
Chem prof, insane and fun, but tough material
I dont care how big your FBI file is Chuck... so stop talking about it, but your interesting and weird so i'll put up with you
Very biased, but it didn't bother me. VERY smart guy, but he goes on long tangents during every lecture. I didn't even take notes in his class. The lecture material on his midterms had pretty obvious answers, just imagine if you could hear Chuck saying it. Hard to get ahold of, but if you actually talk to him one-on-one he's a cool and helpful guy
Chuck is very opinionated. I've been here two years though and he has been my favorite professor. I attended all of his lectures just because they are so entertaining. He is a self proclaimed "refusnit" which means he doesnt like using technology so if you need to talk, go to his office hours. in class he is intimidating but really nice 1 on 1.
.
Good Class.Good Professor.
Although he was very interesting to listen to, I felt like he took up a lot of class time ranting about things that weren't particularly relevant to our class. Plus, his tests seemed to test us more on how well we could restate HIS own opinions and biases rather than on how well we knew the course content.
I enjoy this class, he is pretty outrageous in what he says and how he looks, haha. Talks a lot about Canada, his political views, and his many past professions, and goes off on tangents that don't have much to do with anything. He does seem to go over what he wants you to know, too. good videos in class as well. Counts highest 2 out of 3 midterms.
Many don't like him, but i think that he is a great professor, made things as interesting as you can with a subject such as theory. if you have to take 310 take it from him.
People who hate Chuck are just too damn conservative, He really plays the devils advocate and opens your mind
he was a fun person to listen to during lectures, i learned he was an alright human being. i would take another of his lectures on my schedule... hes an alright dude
Taking a class with chuck is like riding on a roller coaster. I still remember the day one of his GTF's came up to me (right befor a test) to let me know the CIA was watching me. LOL. So keep your eyes open learn and enjoy.
Chuck teaches a fun course that rather than focusing on a grade he focus more on I guess "conciousness raising" and at some point decided his university classes were the perfect venue for such course of action
spews mindless liberal propaganda enemy of the truth sophist
too concerned about footnotes. good lectures, horrible marker. took her years ago, and i'm still afraid of improper use of quotations.
I tried taking her Occupied Europe course while doing my 400's and had to drop it. So much reading and writing, I had no time to get through all my other courses. Interesting though.
Best professor in my opinion. Lectures are challenging but very practical. They guy teaches you stuff which will make your star in the industry. Very approachable. Always help, never says no. Had many office hours to help students. HONEST, SIMPLE and STRAIGHT FORWARD professor. Cares about Students.
Hard prof, but wants you to learn the material. Labs are good, but exams are challenging. Will help students
Say what you will about Barby he does a good job. Assuming his job is to make you learn the material and learn it well. using fear as a motivative tool. tough love
He is a sadist, and simply enjoys torturing students. He is a horrible professor.
Barby, the butcher of Comp Eng - helpful, but teaches too much too fast
ok, not as bad as some of the others i had that term
He has good knowledge but needs to re-cert himself with the TPPE guidelines.
he made tough exams!!!!!
Merges with Ed Spike to create an Archon. Power overwhelming! Annihilate!
Nice guy, but truely all over the freakin place during lectures, starts getting rude and insulting when irritated! Unfortunately not very easy either! Try hard to keep an organized set of notes for his classes and KNOW ur DERIVATES!!!
Sign-HAETSH.. Saturation reDJEEM.. Really intelligent and caring guy who tries his best... but unfortunately he's just not a great teacher and should stick to his research... totally lost it that day someone mistook his underline for an energy level...
"Consider a P-N junction diode..." That's about all I learned from this course.
Very smart. Always late.
nice, good notes
loves the course(231 is boring damn)
Hes knowledgable and helpful, but Dude you need to talk CLEARER!!!
Brown Einstein
In lecture he essentially just reads the notes and scribbles stuff down on his tablet. He really doesn't explain things very well and it's really hard to focus the way he goes about his lectures. After a few lectures attendance was at around 20%. He sometimes cracks jokes and asks if people are following (they aren't).
OK prof. Teaches using his course notes and his tablet computer. Does lots of relevant examples. Not very enthusiastic about teaching the course but he explains well. Constantly asks students if they understand and whether he should re-explain. Midterm is easy and expected difficulty of the final is supposed to be the same.
Very loud in the class. You can hear him from miles.
Treats his students like his own children...
You ask for help and he just insists you'll do fine
come on guys, you want me to dance?
is it clear? Fine? Cool? Super Cool?
FIne? Fine? Fine? Cool.
She was very clear at the beginning of the course but kinda talked to herself during the 2nd part of the course (sequential, asynchronous circuits). The material is easy once you understand the stuff. Do the assignments, if you can't do those then ask someone.
Good Prof for half the year, and then after the midterms she became very confusing. Good prof, but just not so organized.. etc, etc..
Genius. But let's leave it at that. Isn't able to transcend her knowledge down to a student's level of understanding. Notes are brutal! But you can learn.
Uses Slideshows like she is alergic to writing on the board
Ok
nice teacher
nothing outstanding, just decent...
The material is fairly easy, but mainly consists of concepts. His assignments are not mandatory, which makes it very difficult to keep up with such a boring course. His verbal communication is average, and his slides sometimes lack critical concepts that he tries to explain in class.
I hate this course but he's okay.
Relies too heavily on lecture notes. Too tempting to just skip.
***YAwwwwnNN***
Teaching style is OK -- the course notes/slides aren't the greatest, but they do the job. Overall, he knows his stuff. The textbook for this course is quite good and you can rely on it -- it's also tightly coupled with the course notes, which is helpful. His exams are THE BEST! He is very very lazy and takes questions off old exams all the time.
Lecture consists of reading course notes, examples are a little useful, have to teach yourself a lot of the course
Encourages independent thought. In Texas they have road signs that just say 'Think!' Follows the course notes to the letter. Funny guy.
Who needs him when you have course notes? Funny though.
Implement class Rational in JAAAAAVVVVVAAAAAA
very funny man. 354 had supermega project =(
Resonable prof. Stays focused to course notes (boring classes)
Who else would show clips from Gladiator in class?
good, and funny.. amazing jokes.
Funny prof and nice guy but sticks way too close to the course notes(which suck)
Goes too fast and hard to understand, just like any programming course actually.
Entertaining but relies HEAVILY on lecture notes and can get muddling.
nice prof, bad teaching skills
interesting, but not a good teacher
Loud voice with accent though! Always early dismissal
I can read lecture notes too~
Very Organized. But tough Finals.
Course was fine - very physics-background heavy though (if you care about that sort of stuff). Went through material very fast (with not enough explaining). Thankfully no midterms, but some of the in-place assignments/projects were not really thought out well. TA was okay, but a little lazy. Prof was easy to contact whenever you had questions.
Marek is an alright professor but was absolutely the wrong choice for the advanced section. Two months in and I saw maybe two proofs so I dropped down to 138. Maybe he's good at what he does but what he does is not pure math.
This guy loves teaching and probably cares more about the students than any other prof at UW. At the beginning of the course you have to get used to seeing math through the same lens Stastna does. Only complaint is that the lectures can be a bit disorganized, and hard to follow but hey, I'm not that smart.
Mark is a great teacher and he knows his stuff, and there's much to learn from. His class are interesting and you can talk to him in a non-teacher-to-student atmosphere. The downside to him is that his notes have much to improve. His notes need precision. Having 22 pages to print and most of it is unnecessary is quite inconvient.
Moves too quickly, but good teaching attitude.
Lots and lots of "help" for the final
very good course at intro engineering
He's arrogant as hell, don't know how he gets the best prof award... shows off his knowledge yet it's all bull
clear but quick talker, friendly and approachable guy who know the topic inside out but marks tough
Was a stiff rod... showed no sign that he had a sense of humour
These tutorials are the worst thing you'll experience at Western. Some TA's are really good in the tutorials but a lot of them don't allow repeats and you could get 0 if someone beats you to a question and you have nothing else answered. The grading system for tutorials is also very strict. Final exam is 50% and all application which is quite hard.
The course is not bad, but I just did not like psychology as much as I thought it would be. If you like psych, this might be the course for you, but the exams are hard and worth 50%!
Don't take this class if you're looking for a bird course or if it's not required. You have to answer questions weekly, which was really time-consuming. Exam isn't bad, online! Review all of the material he tells you plus textbook headings and make GOOD notes. Only watch lectures not covered by the textbook but mentioned in the review.
Course content was dense so if you don't like reading it might not be for you. Profs lectures highlighted most of the important stuff but you need to read the book. Easy to get a 75 at least if you have a good TA and work for your tutorial and discussion grades to lessen how well you have to do on the final, which was a hard exam
unless you need to take this course, do not take it if you don't like reading 30 pages each week. I hated it but it was super easy to get marks in tutorials and other things because i had a great TA, having a good TA is everything. Didn't read the book all year, just did lecture videos and the final was super hard but i did found a way around it
Not sure what all the hype was about but Dr Mike just an average prof (maybe because we were online this year?). Lots of readings and lots of info to cover so you need to put in the work in order to do well. Tests were challenging but fair and not not curved imo.
The lectures and reading were fine, but the exams were really specific with information that was not covered in the course content. The course was still fine and manageable if you read everything and watched all the lectures. Also not the most responsive on emails, but he does seem like a nice prof.
He was a pretty good professor. Mostly learning from the textbook as his lecture videos were worth way less than them on the exam. His exams can be pretty difficult, so if you aren't working hard to get good grades throughout the discussions and tutorials, your mark will suffer.
Lectures are interesting. He plays a video at the start of every class. Exams are harder compared to other profs, but if you go to class, take notes, and read the textbook, it should be no problem.
interesting lecture but prepare to have heaps of reading and lots of coffee
Definitely gives the best lectures and being in his class is a great experience in itself. HOWEVER, even with his passion for psych and the amount of energy he puts in his lectures, he is not very helpful when it comes to exams. He is very vague with what you need to know (must read everything in the textbook) and his lecture questions are tough!
Very interesting guy, but vague on the test material. Almost none of what he covers in class is discussed in the textbook so the exams are difficult if you don't study the book. Also his lecture based exam questions are harder than other sections.
His lectures are pretty interesting, but they do not follow the textbook very closely. You will learn material above and beyond the course requirements in lecture but you will also have to work harder at home to cover the requirements he skips. Overall a pretty good prof who has great taste in music.
Dr. Mike is an amazing lecturer, however i found the course content very dry and would not recommend taking this course unless its a requirement. However, if you must take this course, definitely take it with Dr. Mike as at least the lectures will be interesting.
Amazing prof! You don't HAVE to go to his classes, but if you do its worth it! He is so interesting, very clear lectures, and the material isn't boring. Dr. Mike makes this course a good one to take. If you take Psych 1000, take it with Dr. Mike.
Very good teacher. However, his classes are not THAT necessary to attend. he does put lecture questions on the exam, but most of them i have found in the text book. his exams are fair, however, you must CAREFULLY read the textbook while studying, he tests on minor details. this course really taught me how to study for university multiple choice exa
awesome! he rocks!
a great teacher, very fun classes. you dont really need to read the text book all that much, i didnt even open it till half way through. if you want 90s or 80s read the materical and ull do fine. try and see when the first day he wears pants is. prob means the temps been below 10C lol
makes the class interesting
He's a good professor but does not answer e-mails at all and is very difficult to reach. One time I asked to talk to him in his office - he told me to wait 10 minutes - after I waited 10 minutes he dissapeared. Agreed to re-mark projects - never did. He has good teaching techniques but does not really care about students doing well.
He's one of those guys who pretends he cares, but you know he doesn't. He is a prick. I wouldn't be suprised if he gets kicks out of reading these too.
Dr. Mike should be a motivational speaker
wait until the exams before you say what a great person he is.
Super psych is super sexy!!!
First class primadonna (sp.). I swear that his "excentricity" is contrived, but he is a good teacher nonetheless.
How do you get over a 1000 studends to calmly listen to a 1 & 1/2 leture? Mind Control!
He was an awesome prof but then what was with the final exam?
If teaching fails him he could always get a job as a radio personality
how can ya not love him?
Teaches a must-attend course for you to do well. Methods are indeed a bit old and sometimes seems like she's been teaching this course so long that she expects you to pick up the content just like that. But on the other hand, extremely nice and very helpful if you go to her for it. Ask questions.
pretty nice, unless she's calling you stupid
picks and chooses her favorites, she's only a friend to a few... beware
cool TA
Gives great birthday gifts.
The good - fairly organized. The bad - talks way too fast. The ugly - tells lots of stories about cows.
Talks too fast. Too many proofs and not enough application.
Clear and has occasional interesting stories but sometimes strayed way too off topic to follow along.
Pretty chill guy. Explains everything whether you're paying attention or not, and always answers your questions, if any. Smiles a lot, so in all he's nice :)
make sure you take a pillow to his lectures... he smokes weed before going to class i think... his final exam is easy and if you do good in his final he'll give you best mark you can hope for... fair prof... a good lecturer for those nerds who love star treck ... couple years after you take his class he still is the subject of your jokes :D
super nice
Very passionate about what he teaches and he gets the point across really well. Make sure you attend class and pay close attention throughout all the lectures. His exams are really hard, so you'll have to really know all of the material inside-out to do very well... or rely on the couple of engineering decision questions and part marks to pass.
Say what you want about Wayne Loucks, the man can teach. He may not be very good at writing exams that are fair, but he gets the information across very clearly. Do not expect any mercy from this man (class average for the midterm was 12.8/31 before bell curve). Expect non uniform bell curves.
knowledgeable prof... but I had problems following him in class...
There is an insufficient amount of detail in the course notes and we should be exposed to some aspect of designing an entire system. Its extremely difficult to design an entire computer system on a final exam without any prior exposure to it.
challenging!.....but learn a lot
It's time for a change. Drink Pepsi.
He made this course one of the most bird course ever in 3rd yr.
Good and knowledgeable prof. Poor handwriting though (he writes lecture notes)
interesting guy... interesting voice also... :P
bad lab tech....
chicken voice
the voice...ohhh, the voice!
Laura Allan did not adapt great to the online environment although she did try. Course was very rushed especially with new venture being condensed as well 'learning assessments' failing to test knowledge rather than testing how fast you can speed run questions. Although she was not great class was not hard and exam was very fair. Overall very ok.
BU 121 is a difficult course. I think a lot of people blame Laura just because they find the course hard. My biggest advice is to first really listen in lectures. Make good notes and copy down the examples/extra info she gives in class. Second, GO TO OFFICE HOURS! She's a completely different person at office hours. She's so nice and understanding.
I know a lot of people have been complaining about Laura but overall, I think she was a fair prof. This course is meant to be hard so you do have to work for it (and it's always been that way). The amount of time to write tests was short but they were open book so if you knew your stuff you'd be fine. I didn't go to a single lecture and I did well.
Laura is not a bad prof. You can tell she cares, keep in mind she has basically been put in charge of a weeder class that is meant to be difficult. Workload is insane but it is very possible to do well.
If you can get notes from other people then there is no point to go to class. They are boring and not much value is added. I found the textbook useful to help explain connection not discussed in class, though textbook not needed to get a good mark. You can pass fine without the textbook. TA's in this course are amazing.
Really hard course. Has a lot of teamwork.
Business isn't the easiest class. Although she would give clear explanations, tests were hard. Make sure you ask for help and know what they are looking for
Feel is a more utilitarian professor , as a teacher you can , but not a big help for you .
I can't say I liked this class (nor the labs), however Laura is a good prof in that her explanations are very clear! She's sort of intimidating though when you speak to her outside of class.
Laura Allan is a great prof who explains things very clearly and really helps you understand the core concepts. If you want to do well at Laurier you need work hard and go to class. My biggest complaint is that Laura spent too much time lecturing on concepts that were a huge waste of time and really should not have been mentioned at all.
She is really good at involving the class in discussions, but is a sometimes stuck up. She let the class know what was required on the midterm and final, but she needs to step off her high horse!!!!!
Always has your best interest in mind, whether it's making sure you understand the material or relaying deadlines and project assignments ahead of time with constant reminders. Great prof!
good first year prof
Bad prof. Still there only because of tenure. Other profs dont like her/Jim. Upper year profs are way better.
Laura is pretty knowledgable about the material however expects students just to 'get it' as she whips through lectures. She placed a huge emphasis on arriving to class on time in respect of other classmates and herself however has showed up late to almost EVERY lecture. Often negative towards students. Take the class with Sofy if at all possible.
you have to work very hard for an average grade.
Her exams were almost completely from notes so going to class was vital. She speaks up when she teaches which helps to stay awake along with the clicker questions she does.
class was pretty easy. as long as you made good notes it was a easy class. she is prety hard about marks, forget to do the peer evals, you get screwed over.
It's not hard to do well in her class if you study appropriately. However, she acts like she cares ... but she really doesn't. She tells you she will help you, but in the end she doesn't at all.
Not a good professor! her lecture slides are the WORST i've had this year...they are literally one word bullets. If you miss something she says u are in trouble!
pretty good teacher, but hard to understand sometimes
scared me. don't fall asleep!
Dont be fooled. She doesnt give a damn about you. Terrible lecturer. Going from Jim to Laura is a tough pill to swollow.
Ever get the feeling that you are much smarter than your prof? Well...you've probably had Laura Allan.
She knows her stuff and is very clear but she can be pretty intimidating. She's not that friendly and is really arrogant about the BBA program. Wake-up BBA students are NOT perfect!
Jim is so much better than Laura. He should teach both semesters of the honours program. Laura would be lost if it weren't for her stupid power point slides.
Not as good as Jimmy.
good from far, but really far from good. Very over rated teacher, expected so much more....Jim is a helluva lot better
A little arrogant but very intelligent; does not take crap from anyone
SEXY!
Meh.
She's kept herself in shape, but she throws candy like a girl :)
Good from afar, far from good :(
average prof, a little too aggressive, lots of info, goes a bit too fast
yummy yummy!
if you like to memorize old tax rates, this is the course for you. useless.
Exams = brutal!
She's a great teacher. Hard exams, but she's very smart and knows her stuff!
It was a nice sunny day our first class, and the minute I saw her I knew why
Had Judy for both acting and directing.
Pros: writes the labs himself and even attends the sessions to help students; midterm was quite straightforward. Cons: lectures are super dry; final exam much harder than lecture examples, and half of it was material that was not assessed in assignments.
haha, very funny
Very smart professor, but very challenging. His exams are very tough, but that is the point. He is very well-read in applied mathematics and can be a big help if you ask the right questions. Be prepared or you may feel foolish.
Lots of course material. Final exam was a killer (to put it lightly).
I expected this to be tough, but he convinced me I was just a moron.
Once bitten, Twice shy. Third time it's whack-a-mole for this guy.
A very nice person, but VERY unclear. If you're not in love with poetry, don't take Literary Analysis. She has her own train of thought on how assignments connect, and doesn't really clue students in.
Decent
Not need a lot of effort to pass that class
i would recommend students to go for his lecture, but don't enroll in his class. his lectures are very interesting and practical. however, if you don't have a clear economics concept, you can barely understand. moreover, don't take it if you aim to get 80-90s.
Most probably, one of the best profs of UW. Every student should, at least, attend a lecture. Although his teaching is so practical, he is really a HARD-GRADER!
His spies are everywhere.
He is a great lecturer and gives amazing examples of how economics shaped the globe, but his tests are impossible. The multiple choice are extremely difficult and ask very specific questions about minute details you 'should' have noticed during his 3hr rants. He's a super nice guy who's passionate about teaching, but his grading is ridiculous.
his lectures are really really interesting but his midterms and finals are impossible. unless you really get it and i mean really...do not expect a high mark in his class..it's impossible to study for his tests
This prof is way too hard with his midterms. Mainly because speaks/writes a lot differently than anyone does. Not enough office hours which are convenient for people with extremely hectic schedules.
His teaching style is unconventional and perfect for those who have done Econ in high school and would like a different experience. While people who have not done econ frequently appreciate his non-Artsie points of view, others find him hard to follow since he uses many analogies. If you're a textbook person, skip this course, but it's very good.
best teacher in the history???? are you kidding me??? can Larry Smith be more overrated ????
larry smith is eccentric and special, but his lectures just don't live up to the hype. maybe instead of giving one 3 hours lecture he should change that to 3 50 min lectures - that way he might improve his teaching quality.
Larry is an awsome person but his classes are sometimes boring because he gets off topic. Be willing to stay after class and get help if you need it; if you don't, be prepared to not understand anything because the textbook doesn't help.
Just Blah Blah in his class. Does not teach but acts as if he is on Broadway. If you want to learn about Economics and not suffer from weak base in 2nd and 3rd year, DO NOT take his class. Nice guy but teaches more philosophy than economics. Serious students should stay away from this class.
Why is there so much hype about this prof!!!???
He is way better than the business teachers in WLU, at least his 3 hrs class is more interesing than the 80 mins business class
Great speaker. He keeps you awake during his 3 hour lecture, but make sure you take good notes and don't study from the book but rather from his course notes and his lectures. Tough exam.
Hard course and pretty hard exams
larry just a somewat entertaining prof ... (since i'm use to the stiffs in ECE he is refreshing).. but at the end he just a bit arrogant and spends too much time driving in tired points with his over exagerated stories to keep the lil' kids entertained
He is an awful prof, but I hate him so much.I don't know how to study for his exams. The text book is uselss. You MUST go to his lecute or you like to fail the course. However, he talks too much **** on his lecture and make it so boring.
Always entertaining, but his flow charts are inscrutable. Go to the lectures for fun; read the text if you actually want to learn anything.
Larry Smith is a great teacher. He also gives good head. - Charles Baker
good story teller, but nothing to write home about.
Cool Guy. Very motivational, but doesn't actually teach much content. You learn content on your own, and he applies it to real life. Works for me.
better entertainer than prof - you wont learn much
I agreed with everything said about him,
Meh. That's it. M - E - H.
The only class in my 4 years that I did have perfect attendance
Just sit in his class if you don't believe us, thou marks are still a ??
Great speaker! Most entertaining prof. Really does get standing ovations!
Way OVER RATED -- stick to 100 level!!
Great speaker, but don't expect any help from him!
Definitely inspirational!
Great Class
Mediocre as a prof, but a great speaker
Easiest course in 4A. Mostly theory with very little easy math. 5 assignments for entire course. Mostly memorization. Her slides r enuf...but have to memorize. Very easy! Exams are jokes cause Gong is easy going. MUST TAKE...took in 2011...got mid 90s. Class avg high 80s.
Very helpful if she knws u come to class. Hard to understand but with 2-3 weeks of class u will get used to her accent. Class examples very helpful for exams. She gives hints if she knows u. Be on her good side. People down here with poor comments actually never go to class hence complain. DO assignments n class examples...i got mid 90s like that
Very helpful if you attend class regularly. Very hard to understand since she has an thick accent. If you attend her class regularly, you'll begin to understand her. Her notes and class examples are very important for exams. She gives hints if you be nice to her. Exams are easy if you know all class examples. Did i mention very helpful?
Her accent is hard to understand, but she knows her stuff. She also gives useful hints before the final.
Sounds like a cat.
hard to understand
As long as she keeps those easi westions on d' axzams, then i am happy!
SHE IS HOT!!!!! HOT!!!!
very energetic, lacks presentation skills
Son of a gun. Makes you feel the whole world is urs and then stabs u in the back with a blunt knife.
Good Prof If u r interested n being a Top VB Programmer. If U just need to pass 2 transfer,Then He Isn't The 4 u.Class Structure:12 Proj, 1 Proj due almost Wkly @ 100 Pts Ea.1-200 Pt Midterm & 1-400 Pt Final. Proj Get Extremely Hard After The 8th Project. 12 Quizzes Related To Reading. Easy But Reading= 40-60 Pgs Wkly. Projects hv tricks.
One of the hardest class I've ever taken. He's a very intimidating teacher. Not so approachable. If you are unsure of something be sure to refer to the book before asking him any questions.(You'll soon know why). Expects perfection from his students meaning he'll deduct points from any line of code that is missing or mistyped. Pop quizzes.Enjoy =)
He required 60 pages of reading every chapter. I am not exaggerating. The class is easy but the reading requirement makes it almost intolerable. Also, the quiz's are based off of the authors opinion. Some of the questions have more than one correct answer and you must choose one based off of what the book's opinion is. Worst entry class
If you have never programmed in Visual Basic before, then this class will be a challenge for you. I already took 1 yr of an older version of VB before going into this class. I think the teacher expected too much out of students; it seemed hard for beginners, even for me. Be prepared & pay attention. It's not that easy. Midterm & Final = hard/tricky
I think Irvine should not be your first choice
I agree with the latest student. This man is very hard, He has you do alot of reading and has a lot of tests. Bob also has a couple of projects that just don't meet the core of the class.I think he has one project just so he can show his class just how smart he is, which by the way you will hear about constantly
He's wound a little too tightly, but rather helpful so long as you pay attention. I found his mid-term and final to be an unfair assesment of what we had learned through the semester. They seemed to focus more on the things we HADN'T covered or used. Overall a good teacher for those who are truely interested in programming.
This is probably one of the hardest classes you will take at ARC. By the time the semester ends you will get down on both your knees and thank God that this class is finally over. If you want to pour your blood, sweat and tears into a class, take this one.
Bob is strict. But its college so you sould be over that anyways. VERY buisness minded. Not my fav but he does enforce good work habbits. Came off to me as alittle disgruntled and mad.
Has a weird numbering method of to answer students' questions. He would be a better cop because he likes RULES and enforcing them. Oh no, that would mean he has a gun.
Likes to over exert his authority resulting in humiliation.
He's not the best teacher, unless Biology is your major. I took BIO100 because it was a requirement, and it was rather hard. I never missed a class, studies extremely hard on the tests, and couldn't get an A. I also don't like that your entire grade is based on 4 tests, and thats IT. Not recommended...
Good guy
....
She is a great prof but I think she does better with smaller class sizes. Sometimes she makes you feel dumb when she says, "Come on, this is easy" right before calling on you when you don't know the answer. She doesn't lecture very much which sometimes makes it hard to learn as we have to learn on our own. She focuses more on in-class activities.
Scholz gets a lot of flak but I thought he was a nice, jolly guy who really did help out in terms of preparing you for exams. His lecture notes are a bit iffy but since you have the textbook/webassign, you should be fine...
Easy midterm. You will not do well on the final. You will therefore not do well overall because Scholz does not bell curve the final exam marks or final grades in general. Do not take this course as a GPA booster; to Physics majors, deal with the fact that you will receive a lower grade here than in PHYS 124 (since Robert Mann does bell-curve).
He is pretty clear on lectures, and helpful in general. However some of his lecture slides is messy and not very useful for review. Fine for teaching a course which is mostly high school review. Tones of bonus mark.
The Midterm was fair however, he did not treat us kindly with the final. He is a bit hard to follow at times but he is nice and always willing to help. No bell curve on that tough exam makes me sad though.
Assignments before midterm were pretty easy; afterwards they got a bit trickier. Midterm was easy (very fair and lots of bonus marks). Final was terrible; multiple choice and a few solutions, but, again, bonus marks and easy marking. Nice guy. Material is boring compared to 124, though.
Extremely dedicated to his students and flexible. If he doesn't answer a question it's because you don't need to know the answer for the course. Messy slides, use text to supplement.
Pretty hard exams, his teaching was good, funny, thought some of his notes could have been better though. Seemed somewhat condescending when answering student questions (I admit it was warrented sometimes).
He is very kind and helpful if you ask, but he seems to understand the material at a level way beyond the students, and has trouble explaining it to us. Gave the hardest final exam I've ever tried to write, with some material on it that he had said would not be. Has completely turned me off even trying to study more Physics.
He said Quantum would not be on the final. Study quantum and nothing else and you will do well.
A little hard to follow at times, but good overall
Never used the stupid ebook txt book. Tests are basically the lecture slides and you get 1 sheet of paper to with notes on, both sides. iClicker is a waste of money, but you need it for dumb stuff. Field trips were cool, and very different, but time consuming of course. As a kines major choose this over zoology if you want the easy route.
She's a really sweet professor but I have to admit she was pretty disorganized.When I turned in my work to Braker, she would tell me to turn it in to her assistant bc "she wouldn't lose it like she did".The class field trips are awesome though.We camped out and had smores and just talked around a fire place.She's awesome!
Stuart lied about my performance. He said I was not failing his class because he was going to curve. Few weeks later, he said I was failing his class and he apologized for lying. How can someone that nice and highly respected do something like that? Should never expect anything like that if we are paying a lot to go to Oxy.
he's the friendliest and most energetic cat i think i've ever witnessed. if you just walk by the guy, he'll be like "HELLO, how are you?". you'll be like "good, how are you?" and he'll be like "ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC, THANKS!" same way every time you see the guy. unbelievable.
Don't take this class if you might have other homework. This lady gives an immense amount of reading that is almost impossible to do if you have any other work. She pick favorites and grades according to who she likes best. If you are doing poorly go to her office hours and then she'll probably decide to like you. Weird but smart. BIG feminist too.
she is very smart, but a fruitcake too; unorganized, and clueless.
Very Helpful...Very Nutty
Great prof; allows you to choose which papers you want to count
Read and Write your papers, and your sure to get an A. Very sarcastic.
A good teacher to take if you are interested in writing. Encourages you to think in new ways about topics, and promotes growth in writing skills by offering encouraging and constructive criticism (which is refreshing and more helpful than with a lot of other teachers). Definitely a unique and rewarding experience to have her class.
Nice lady. Helpful. A little confusing at times. Fairly easy grader. If I needed another english class, I would take another class with her.
Pretty good professor.He is Kinda of intimidated, but if you care about your education he will get u anyway to learn the material. Very sarcastic, and likes to joke a lot. You will def. work ur ass off in the class, and he can be an ass at sometimes. But u will learn a lot in the class
I cant believe when i got to Eng 100 i actually leared a few things. I found the class to be stressful. If you dont like to be picked on in calss then avoid this one. p.s. the guys in the class loved Rosso.
I picked up this class to fill in some extra units and I regret it. Kornfeld is very passionate about the subject, but she assumes that you as a student of a 100 level class are too. If you're extremely passionate about history, this class is for you. If you're like me and don't like reading primary source documents from 1765, avoid this class.
Class was boring but not difficult. Do all the extra credit given and show up to class and you will be fine. I hate history and didn't do any reading for homework but she went over it in class so as long as you have the gist you will be able to do the papers. She gives prompts that she will choose before the final and midterm which was nice
Don't have to do any work. Only need to show up to class because each class there is a participation where you write your name on a piece of binder paper and turn it in at a random time in the class. Finals are a little hard but she gives you prompts for them. Take this class its really not that bad.
This was the most boring class I had ever taken. You need to go to the lectures because of the participation points. They are long and boring, I fell asleep in almost all of them. Plus, test are not easy and you have to read a lot.
Her lectures are boring, however she is very passionate toward the subject. You can tell that she is fascinated by the history. She might be a hard grader but grades mainly depend on the TA you get
This class is quite boring, however Dr. Kornfeld is extremely knowledgable. I think it depends on what TA you get, but if you can put up with boring lectures and bust it out when it comes to readings, it is easy enough to get an A.
Teacher with a passion for her subject. She wrote the textbook and has so much knowledge its a little overwhelming. As far as class went, large lecture met MW for 50min and small lecture F for 50min. Optional midterm, or 1 page Journals due every friday in small lecture. Unless you have a passion for history lectures are boring. Also take notes!
Even though she is nice and tries to be interesting, her lectures are just really boring and I didn't feel that I really learned anything useful at all, the discussions were really good though.
Extreme amounts of reading for 1 page double spaced weekly journals. Midterm with 40 % of your grade on two essays. Participation is 30 % so going to class is necessary to get a good grade.
1)Pray you get an awesome TA, it makes all the difference since they read your midterms,journals and finals. 2)Do the weekly journals [expect a lot of reading though] instead of the midterm and paper. 3)She puts you in a seating chart 4)Never lets you out early 5)Intelligent but a bit boring.
You have an option of doing weekly journals or taking 2 midterms. I chose the journals and it was easy. There is a final paper worth 40% of your grade but all you do is compile all the info from the journals an sum it up in an 8-page paper at the end.
Lame class. Really boring, but not that hard. The only bad thing is that participation is 30%, so if you're like me and don't like going to class don't take it.
ms. courtial is probably one of the best TA ...she really is super cool...yeah..i'm so lucky to have her as a TA cuz she totally helps us understand the past and shes just so AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!! I especially like the way she dresses...
The prof is eloquent....a little too intense though. Make sure that if you do the journals to find out immediately exactly what your t.a. expects. It sounds easier than it is! Watch out for Martin if she is your t.a; if she loses your paper she makes YOU do them again. She gives unclear directions and is unhelpful.
she wears the same outfit everyday!
Lecture was interesting at times. When it wasn't the lighting was perfect to catch up on sleep. Do the journals all you have to do is reflect on the reading and give your opinion.
i didn't do weekly journals; i wrote two midterms and a final and pulled off a b. and i am definitely not a writer. lectures are pretty irrelevant; it's the discussions that you have to pay attention to. just participate so your discussion leader knows who you are and you will be fine.
Class is somewhat boring!! Definetly pick the journal option. As long as you keep up with your journals, you will do fine.
I'm sorry, I thought this was America History, not Women's History. If I wanted to learn about women's history in America I'd go to a dry cleaners. But TA Matt is a really cool guy, he made the class.
Lectures are boring, especially early in morning. She has a lot to talk about if you're interested. I took the 2 midterms and a final option and had little homework otherwise. Fairly easy class as long as you study. Make sure you go to break out sessions once a week and you'll do fine!
This class is pretty easy, but she is SO BORING!!She also plays annoying music which can give you a headache at 9 in the morning. She should be teaching kindergarted for real!Her outfit is always exactly the same, just different patterns! Take her class for an easy grade
She treats her class as if she were talking to a group of kindergarteners. Her history of childhood course is THE MOST politically correct crap class I've ever taken here. She also needs to wear a bra....in the worst way.
There are no tests, 30% of the grade is class participation, you have to do well on final, which is a paper. She's not too bad, but somehow we skipped the Civil War.
A lot of reading material, and unclear of the assignments. An easy class to fall asleep in
uncaring & indifferent to students
Lectures are just him talking for what feels like forever. His class is fairly easy just do the work and you will be fine. Final exam is cumulative so if you want to do well you should definitely study a ton
Prof was really friendly and approachable, he got after me for being on my phone once or twice. The lectures are long and detail oriented but he posts it all online and everything you need to know for quizzes available, but I would recommend reading more than just the lectures to study. Prof was great, I would love to take a class with him again.
Has good powerpoint notes that outline the chapters in the book, but reading the textbook is necessary if you want to do well on the quizzes and tests. Mid-term quizzes are multiple choice and the finals are multiple choice plus a few written and matching.Listen,read,and do the lab report he gives you second semester well,and you will be fine.
Aweomse prof, made everything so interesting and uses great examples that help you recall info for exam. He has quite a few mid terms throughout the year on 1-3 chapters so he keeps you on your toes which is great when it came to the final exam! My favorite psyc prof at X
The lectures were usually pretty interesting and Dr. McCormick is very knowledgeable. His online posts of the lectures are enough to get you by but you do need to put in some effort attending lectures or studying from the textbook in order to do well. . . He really likes Multiple Choice tests, too.
Dr. McCormick is a decent professor. He teaches relatively well, although it can get dry when he goes through specific statistics. He has jokes here and there, which are nice in the middle of class. The course isn't too bad, there's a lot of information but it's quite interesting. I would recommend the course and recommend McCormick. Well done.
Professor McCormick's class is pretty good overall. He is very enthusiastic about psychology and he is great at explaining concepts. Some classes are boring but I think it may be the content as appose to his teaching. His midterms and exams are good if you do the assigned readings and pay attention in class.
He's so smart when it comes to statistics that he seems to forget that we're just learning. He goes pretty fast and often doesn't provide a lot of examples. The second half of the course gets really hard.
i thought his tests were really hard, the multicple choice questions were always difficult and his tests were weird the way they were set up..wasnt too sure about him
I had Peter for two psychologys and I really liked him. Psych 100 was boring, but what intro class isnt. 220 might of been boring as well but it was not a hard class. Do some work when ya gotta and you will be fine. Hes nice and cool and doesnt worry about attendance even tho he pretends to.
He is awsome i would recommend him to any one!!!!!!!!
exams are easy.......classes are not too boring
Not bad, boring at times, but it's hard to make Intro courses interesting too.
Had him last year...great prof...funny to watch him give up smokes
Nice prof but yes, it does seem that she has her favorites. Like the candy and the fun questions.
Henke is a good prof, just make sure you do the do the study questions. Don't bother attempting to study for multiple choice because he gets them from no wheres. Take it seriously when he says to read the chapter!
Easy P
very interesting prof, have to take your own notes though, powerpoints are not that helpful. Great exams, pretty straight forward, no surprises on the tests.
Henke is hilarious. His voice can sometimes make you really look forward to a nap after class but he knows his stuff. YOU NEED TO TAKE GOOD NOTES. What he says is really important and you'll need to know it all for the mid terms. He's an excellent teacher and i would love to have a class with him again.
Many people find Henkes class boring, but once you get into things it can actually be quite interesting. Henke is incredibly smart and can help you with any questions you have. His multiple choices on exams are pretty hard, but if you take the time to learn all of the study questions for the midertms and exams that helps quite a bit.
Awesome prof...get the exam essay questions right away and the multi choice r right out of the book (although they are really hard). monotone but throws a shout in there every now and then just to make sure we r listening. easy to take notes from...great class!
Very funny guy. If you get his humor his monotony is easier to get over. He will go over anything until you understand it.
Funny dude. Love that Skinner box.
the Man just doesnt care about his class
cool guy, he diffenetly doesn't baby you,and that's the way it is my friends!
Kind of burnt out. "And that's the way it is."
Relax on the overheads. Very emotional but good teacher
Easiest professor in the IT/CPS department. Very generous curving of grades (my exams were always marked up and down in red pen and I still got Bs). You won't understand what he says or what you're doing half the time, but if you in minimal effort, you'll pass.
Ugur is a very friendly guy and he is very knowledgeable but he is next to impossible to understand with his heavy accent. He gives difficult tests but they're often open book so there's little to worry about. He is always willing to help outside of class but his lectures are somewhat pointless because he drones on and it's hard to understand.
I've put Ugur down as a "5" for helpfulness, since he'll always improve your grade and accepts all work as "on time". That said, he isn't helpful in the sense of teaching. He often just reads word-for-word from the book, and then posts the assignment from the book online for labs. It's essentially self-study. Always cheerful and warm, though.
Dr. Ugur likes Chocolate Cake
Ugur is an easy teacher, he really sets you up nicely to get an A. provides you with everything you need, just be ready to teach yourself. Really lax on due dates, so you won't stress too hard. Simple A.
Easy class, but sometimes hard to understand him
Nice guy. Teaches Visual Basic like it is the first time he's ever heard of it. Students have to correct him frequently. VB skills are not very well developed. Only take him if you know what you are doing pretty much, and can learn on your own. But still, he's a good guy.
Not bad, seemed to yell at you from about 5 feet away.
Real nice guy. He is more interested in helping you learn the material than failing you and weeding out students. Extremely helpful.
He is quite difficult to understand (accent) if you have no prior experience with C++. Personally I learn more from reading the book and doing the assignments. However, he is a nice guy and helpful, and tests/quizzes are fairly easy.
Hard to understand, but goes the extra mile for you.
Lets people cheat when it comes to programs; Easy tests
She is a sweet and soft-spoken lady and she expects students to try. She doesn't fight for your attention so you must try to pay attention to what she's saying, but she's willing to help you with ideas. Jewelry design can be labor intensive, but if you care enough to try to do well, you will.
Has a hard time accepting others artwork. She has a mindset on what art is, and needs to learn that art is different to everyone. Nice teacher though, recommended.
Nothing that I got a decent grade on was wearable. The project themes were so far out, I would never dare wear anything I made out in public. Very knowledgable in subject matter though.
LOTS of reading (but manageable). She wants participation, but I honestly don't think it affects grades much. It took me a while to figure out what she was looking for in the essays, but once you have it down it's pretty formulaic. She leaves really helpful feedback on final papers and wants you to get a good grade if you do the work for it.
Prof. Levesque is a nice woman, and her passion for art history is clear. This being said, the class is difficult. Heavy readings and graded reflections due before each class, a total of five essays, four of which are 500 words, the last is 10 pages, and 2-3 presentations. If you don't know much about history you will be at least a little lost.
Professor Levesque is very nice and passionate about art history, however this class was 100% memorization. For exams we memorize artist, title, dates to match to ~80 paintings. I am horrible at memorization so it has been a ton of work and is very unrewarding. If you want to do more analyzing, take a different class.
I had her for iconoclasm. A LOT of reading due the next class. Rambling lectures. A lot of stress in the last month. Do not take if you are not good at discussion. Very nice and accessible.
Prof. Levesque is clearly knowledgeable. Lectures can be confusing, derived mostly from the book. Come to her office hours!!! She is very friendly & enlightening. Although, beware of her long list to works that you have to memorize for the exam (around 175-200 images)-- 1 midterm, 1 paper, 1 final. Participating in discussions helps your grade.
She rambles a lot during the lecture and it is very boring.
Her lectures are boring but if you talk to her in office hours she can be very helpful. Don't take her for a Survey course. Her specialty is Renaissance/Baroque.
Wonderfully enthusiastic with her lectures, she is very elaborate in her descriptions on each painting and often rambles to a subject entirely irrelevant. The slideshows always have far too many images, some that she doesn't even talk about, just clicks through for fun. Helpful with writing. Never actually answers questions just rambles.
Tends to ramble on during lectures and often fails to mention the name and artist of the piece. WAY too many images responsible for knowing for the final, but if you don't study last minute like me you'll be fine. Easy paper grader but comments are illegible. If you enjoy art history though, you'll probably like the class.
Really interesting class, but incredibly dry. Relatively easy grader, it's easy to get a B+ but really hard to get an A-. It's one of those. Never use the book if you go to class. Exams pretty straightforward. If you like Italian Renaissance, you'd do well here.
she said "um" 48 times in 10 minutes. im not kidding. i counted. what else is there to do when you look at 5 slides in a 3 hour lecture? i take offense at someone saying she has a yankee accent, because i'm a yankee and i do not have that vo
Very nice but very boring. Unbelievably HARD tests. You have to practically memorize the entire text in order to get a 90! But, if you have a question or a problem, shell do her best to help you. Kinda spacey, but she is very intelligent
Interesting topics. Leveque is very intelligent but drones on and on sometimes, boring. If you can take boredom, you will learn alot and get a good grade. Take your valium.
not terribly difficult, but class can seem like forever
She's boring in class. But tests not bad. Need to read the text. Great if u attend and pay attention in class!
Dutch art was the most boring class ever taken
This is a refresher class as I have been out of high school for awhile and am terrible at math. I'm doing alright but half the class has already dropped out. She encourages you to speak up when you have a question in class but I think if I was taking this for the first time I would fail with her teaching method, really wants you to pass but I believe goes about it in a way that turns a lot of young people off. Nice lady but not easy if you struggle in math. Like she says, go home, study and pray
I don't know how I passed this class because I seriously thought I was going to fail... Not helpful, sarcastic, makes you feel like you're stupid everytime you ask a question. Quizzes, tests, and labs every week so be ready. Lots of extra credit though. TAKE HER ONLY IF YOU'RE GOOD IN MATH! Otherwise, I do not recommend her...
Fenigstein is a nice guy. But that doesn't make him a good professor. His class is completely lecture-focused even though he thinks its discussion-focused. He just likes to hear himself talk. The class was interesting but he was not. Repeated himself a lot and does not use the book.
I had to beg my way into his class because I was a science major and had had only had 2 poli sci/hist classes. He made me read 6 books first, and even then I only squeaked through with a B-. This was 30+ years ago. :) I see he's still a tough grader, and still a great prof.
Harry Clor was the best teacher I have ever had.
This class annoyed more than I can muster into words. Anything is the right answer. Everything is applicable in class. Nothing is definite. It's all vague, relativist malarchy. Stay far away from this class.
he assigns a lot of reading that while perhaps interesting has nothing to do with class or exams. Your grade is based on 2 take-home exams which are a **** if you have oth erstuff going on.
Very energetic and witty, has fun with his classes. A little hard to approach, but still provides a great class.
He's a great guy. Loves dogs. I'm just kind of sick of playing run-throughs.
heuch is a good teacher, but kind of a jerk outside of class
He wasn't what I expected. I heard great things and yes I learned things but wouldn't take him again. His sarcasism seemed very rude and he seemed annoyed when you aked hime questions.
Let me start by saying that this class is not for the faint of heart. Lusk is an intelligent professor, whose personality and humor isnt for everyone. He often displays his vast knowledge in (extremely tangential) lectures. Theres a heavy workload and tough grading. However, if youre willing to challenge yourself and get help,youre bound to succeed
Mr. Lusk is a very passionate teacher. However, if you are not passionate about your schoolwork, there is no way you'll succeed in his class. Yes, he lectures long, but his lecture ties everything together if you pay attention. He's here to help you, but if you don't ask for it then it's your fault. He greatly appreciates participation.
He is a teacher who doesn't care what you have to say but why you say it. If you are able to actually pass his class, you will not only be a better writer but also a more savvy individual about both mythology and history. If you want to get ion good with him just like Shakespeare & Milton
Unfair about stupid stuff like writing in all caps. Tests were for the most part easy, extra credit was difficult at times. Overall good class, and he's cool even if he is unfair.
Hard class and prof. This is not a class to take if your objective is to pass with a "C" and with almost no effort. I think this class is entended for those who have a genuine interest in learning true Lit. His classes are a rare apportunity for true learning as well as very easy to FAIL. I got a "c" anywhere else I could have gotten an "A".
learn to write how he likes his essays!!!!
I didn't think he was THAT bad.....I managed to get a B. He does seem to show his opinions too readily on the papers you write. I found him interesting.....
He is one of the hardest graders. I'm not sure how I am going to do in this class because of his grading, and there was SOOOO much work. I felt overwhelmed because I had another summer class and work. Takes lots of outside time, nice but not on paper.
This class is HARD because he fails you on every paper you turn in and the lectures are nearly impossible to survive. He seems like a nice guy, but not the best teacher, students dropped like flies throughout the course... no one can blame them!
good teacher
This was during the summer and very tough, but I passed! Mr. Lusk is intersting, but the work is hard! A lot of reading!
A tough task master. Very demanding but good.
He will be nice to you as long as you participate and aren't a jerk. Gives out extra credit like crazy. His policy for online classes was show up to the zoom meeting and almost instantly you get an A or B.
No HW, so you really have to study. Be active in his class and he will be very understanding with you, slack off he will make you feel unwelcomed.
He is a really easy teacher. No textbook, only calculator IT84. NO HW in home just due in class. He is funny makes a lot of jokes.
Pretty easy class. He does have an accent that's hard to understand but if you pay attention and show up to class you'll do fine. It was an easy A for me, I recommend this class.
Really good teacher, very knowledgeable. Only took a week to get used to his accent. Class attendance is mandatory. No book, provides handouts. Gives sample quiz and goes over every problem. Will call you out if you're not putting in the effort but in a funny way. Only take him if you are a REAL student and want to learn. I love his class!
this guy is the siznit, hes soo funny but u dont know what the hell hes saying. i always crack up when he says "RIGHT?!?!?"
Funny, but always picks on different people every class hehe
I passed, didn't I ? *g*
Very good at teaching. But no extra help for students; feel helpless sometimes
He is interesting to listen to and loves the subject he is teaching. However, I feel there should always be concepts professors want you to take from their class and Ginsburg makes it difficult to figure out what those are. The amount of material he wants you to know for a test is a bit absurd seeing how maybe 30% of it will actually be on there
If you know what the third eye is, take this class.
He is very spacey, but overall a good teacher
She's really interesting to listen to, but make sure you read the chapters. It's important. She said she would only test on what she covered, although I read what she covered and some of the questions weren't from it. Her tests are difficult, mostly because they are on 5 chapters at a time. But there is usually a reasonable curve.
I like her as a person but her class really makes me fall asleep. Everything she lectures about is on Power Point on Web CT, word for word, so I feel like it's more like an online class with an in class lab rather than a normal class. I never show up, and I've gotten straight B+'s!!!
i gave such a bad rating because my class is also taught by Harrisn and it's hard!! Locasio herself is a good teacher and gives on line quizzes for this class and is very nice but the team taught class stinks!!!
She's nice, and I enjoyed the class. But, I did not learn as much as I had in 120. I didn't always even read the chapters, and still did okay.
She is a very nice teacher, and she will help any student as best as she can. Her test are quite difficult and some of the questions are tricky. Genetics is a difficult subject and most people hope for a C... Her tests are way to long for a 50 minute class period...
She is a very kind lady. She seems like she really cares about the students. Her tests are hard especially for the people who aren't very good in science. Lab is easy if you just show up.
TESTS ARE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HARD!
confusing but nice
very helpful. A little hard to understand b/c of thick accent and limited english. always try to help students. give cheat sheets. tests are very similar to quizzes and hw. very nice cool guy. remember to study and u'll make an A or B. i NEVER studied and i got a C. bless him
He was sooo funny every day. I hardly went to class except for quiz days and the tests. I made 99 and two 100's on the tests. The tests are very easy and straight from homework. TAKE HIM!!!!!!!
This professor is easier than any other stats professor out there teaching this course. Ktests are VERY easy and worded just like his quizzes which come straight from the homework assigned the class before! take him!
hard final but easier teacher overall, dont feel like i learned anything though
makes test and quizes on the basics, very easy and he'll always help you
He is a little hard to understand but if you study the class is not that hard.
She a lil confusing but if u attend classes daily you will definitely pass
Well She is Average professor. but to be honest, if you go to the class, pay attention, and SOLVE HER TEXTBOOK HW.. i guarantee u get A in Calculus.The final exam is pretty much from her Homework and problems in class as well the exams she give.. 60% of it from the review two days in the class
She moves through the material very quickly, but if you catch her after class she is very helpful and you can get all the help you need.
The class itself is definitely tough if you aren't a math whiz. She attempts to explain things in an interesting manner, but moves very fast, and allows little/no time to take notes. Other than that she's very helpful if you go in during office hours, and in answering questions at the beginning of class. Not bad but not great.
good teacher. just go to class and you'll get what she's teaching. she reviews before tests and they are helpful. you don't ever use the textbook so i wouldn't even waste your money renting/buying it
She confuses me
Attending class will help especially because quizzes are extra credit. Tests are hard but be sure to study formulas and u will be fine. Do webwork earlier and email her if u dont know the answer because she will guide you through it. Good teacher as long as you pay attention
The class itself is okay, but she goes kind of fast, and I wish she gave more example problems. The homework (assigned every day) is really hard and I don't think it coincides with what she teaches in class at all.
She was a good teacher!
i loved math until this class. she is a fairly good teacher but sometimes she dumbs down the stuff we need help on and the stuff we understand she speeds through.
she does not drop any grades or curve her tests are very hard moves way too fast
difficult tests and no grading curve
Very hard class, doesn't explain very well but she will help u outside of class.
She is a good teacher but moves quickly. I advise that you take MWF class.
I really don't think he is a bad professor like a lot of people say. The problem is the Lab is based on a Software program that has no meaningful value to your career. It's like learning about how to work on a car by studying one from 1980. Is it because he can't learn new technology? Class itself is informational and he knows his stuff.
Many students complain about this guy, but it's mainly because they don't actually try to learn. You won't be handed your grade in this class. You have to work! Understand the material. Don't take this class if you want an A. It's a hard B, okay to get C. Cool guy who knows his stuff and wants you to learn, just not let you get a good grade.
He seems hard at first, confusing but take notes and he lets you use them onthe test. Gives you examples almost identical to test questions, he also grades very easy! I was so scared and i made an A!!
Takes a while to get used to his accent. Makes a lot of errors on the board and gets confused while talking. 2 tests, midterm, final, and few homeworks. Gives detailed examples and you can use book and notes on test. Don't buy the book. He pretty much decides your grade. No grading system.
Accent is heavy. Gives lots of examples in class. Open notes and book tests. Homework counts a LOT (each assignment (+/-) 10%). Always willing to help you out. Great Prof, knows what he's doing
It's a couple weeks away from the end of the semester and I can honestly say that I have learned absolutely nothing in this class; but the fact that I haven't made less than a C on anything thus far proves that Molchanov takes effort into account.
eccentric fellow, practically goes over homework and both tests, copy notes and examples and use them on the homework and test and you will get an easy A, don't try to learn the material it'll screw you just copy and use the examples
GOOD PROFESSOR . ABIT UNCLEAR AT TIMES . IF YOU LIKE MATH XL THEN YOU WILL BE FINE .
I took his 3 hour course every Friday and it was quite boring because his voice is kind of monotone. He is very nice, drops the lowest test, offers extra credit on tests and drops 5 lower quizzes online. Unlimited attempts on mathxl for hw and tests, not an easy A, but I earned it.. and I rarely study!
Great Professor. All tests are multiple choice and his reviews are almost the same as the actual test. gives 10 points extra credit if you do the online test review which will drastically help you in your test grade. He is a little boring but besides that a very good professor. Make sure you do all your hw and quizzes online and you will pass!
the best teacher? i dont know about all that now. I took him for the 6 week summer A based on these reviews. he doesnt use the book, but he uses math lab. its alot of work but just dont procrasinate.I hate math but he made things easy to understand. Had an A in the HW and B on the tests but failed the class. retested and im out of prep. its up to u
OK I GUESS
the guy is extremely shy and quiet. lab is not mandatory but if you complete it you get a letter grade up. not the most easy person to comfront for help.
eXCELLENT TEACHER.HE DOESNT BOTHER AT ALL.HIS EXPLANATIONS ARE OK AND ITS EASY TO PASS WITH A HIS CLASS,HIGLY RECOMMENDED
THIS PROFESSOR IS REALLY EASY... HE GIVES YOU 20 POINTS ON EACH TEST IF YOU DO THE HOMEWORK AND ATTEND TO THE CLASS. HE ALSO DROPS THE LOWEST TEST GRADE BUT YOU HAVE TO PASS THE FINAL WITH A 60
good prof. speaks in a low voice, is helpful but you have to hunt him down to get it. kinda difficult having a computer in front of u and not go on the internet lol
I wish I can give him a gold star.
Smart Guy. He is a very kind and loves to teach, but could be more interesting.
Dr. Jones...sigh....He failed me. At first I was furiated with him. But then realized that it was my own fault i failed. I still hate the guy but his class was the first class i couldnt do the bare minimum. Although i might have to spend an extra semester here i have to thank him for teaching me a harsh but rightous lesson.
Ok teacher, he does his job well. However, he's prone to major mood swings, picks favorites, and has been known to make inappropriate comments concerning students careers, abilities, and voices.
He knows his stuff and is a good educator.
Very smart man and a weird but interesting guy too. Kind of hard though in CON.
Grading procedures don't make much sense. Although I learned a lot in the class and think his actual instruction was good, he seemed to grade on a whim and had no basis for it (in other words, he had no documentation.)
Funny guy, very smart, still doenst know my name! :)
A ridiculous amount of busy work. HAWKS, Post-Tests, Clickers and Excel Assignments. Two tests were online and not password protected. Total of 4 tests.
Rain Man teaches Discrete Math. He is my hero!
Good if you pay attention in class.
seems very bored with his job, i suggest a new career
What a crazy man. He is off the wall, but makes class really fun. Man, this guy is a hoot. Take his class.
Tough... really tough. Not a bad prof, but he pays entirely too much attention to his dog when he should be teaching. Also, he tends to get frustrated if you don't catch on right away and tell you to just learn it on your own.
He was way to liberal. I wanted a math class, not is political commentary. It was a core filler so it was ok, but I did not like hearing some people I respect and suport being critisized on a daily basis in a way that did not allow me to give my oppinon.
Always extends homework deadlines if needed and will pretty much do the homework for you in class. All lectures are online.
Hard Marker, it's all or nothing! He's a good prof but seems to think he's better than he really is. Knows what he's talking about and will help you if you ask but he's challenging!
Resourceful on the subject and can help you if you approach him on your own. He is one of the those kinds of prof that asks:"any questions? No? Okay, going on......"
He is an extremely nice prof, who is very helpful one on one. The course is very difficult and dry so it is difficult to teach. Vetzal does his best and he knows his stuff inside out. The exams are impossible to finish and very difficult with low 50s averages. But he bell curves like crazy so most people end up doing fine. Overall, a decent prof.
very thorough problem sets, but aren't reflective of difficulty of midterms and final. the final exam was brutal, but his huge bellcurve set it all straight...=D .. if you're a slacker, his bellcurve will make sure you pass this course!
Goes through material far too fast. His testing is fair if you do his problem sets. But final was brutal....far too hard and not enough time. Otherwise, he's a pretty nice man.
He's unmerciful in the final exam. It was stressful enuf having to remember 40 formulas for it AND not having enough time to finish. Very bitter memories. Finance II has better prof, but course is equally difficult.
No interaction in class whatsoever, it's easier to learn from textbook. His writing on overheads is illegible and ultra-small. Need to memorize 20+ formulas every midterm. Hardest course in 2B for sure.
Lectures easy to understand but not in depth enough for tests and problems.
Would never take again.
You don't necessarily need to attend this class, because he basically repeats everything thats already on the internet for you. SO if you do the modules online, class is pretty much pointless. BUT.... HES SEXY, so GO ;) (L) (L) (L)
great prof! but a hard one too :P
a nice prof
He's a superhero... HP!
very unclear.. And cannot read his writing
OMG! It's just hard!!!!
He followed the course notes, though deviated from them on a fairly regular basis. Following the course notes was easier than following his lectures, though reading the notes ahead of time would probably make the lectures a lot better. Midterm/final were very long, and all material was covered in vast detail. Does not give high marks. Decent prof.
He's ok. Sometimes he marks the assignemnts and very hard on the marking too, takes a lot of marks off for little mistackes and common on the assignment like "juck" makes you feel terriable about your ability to do any good on this course. Clear on explaining though, but so behind on lectures.
He's alright. Easy Midterms, but a tought exam, so watch out.
Gets excited about his lectures to the point that it is distracting, but a nice guy
Somewhat abrasive personality, speaks too loudly to the point of a bellow / yell
Very loud, scary, but good.
Nice guy but tough grader.
Jeff gives pretty clear grading instructions, and he's always willing to answer questionsprovide feedback. If you do things his way, you'll get a good grade. He tends to make a lot of jokes in class, and it can be a bit much. I don't want to take a class of his again.
DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK!!! Seriously, you don't need it. Literally everything comes (almost word-for-word) from the lectures. The lectures are kinda boring, but definitely necessary to do well on the tests. Only 8 grades for the semester, but she offered a big extra credit assignment at the end so that was cool. Definitely test heavy
She was nice, but her lectures were very boring. She also had her class set up to where tests were everything, so if you did bad on a test, your grade felt it. However, she did give one really big extra credit assignment that gave me the chance to make an A after scoring a 66 on a test.
Very sweet and funny woman!! BUT get ready to read, write, & use your brain. But this is a senior level college class. It's not an easy class due to the extensive amount of coursework due every week. However, she isn't a tough grader. This class inspired me to read more research articles on subjects that interest me. Would recommend!
This class was very easy and fairly well presented. The concepts weren't a problem for me but I'm also a biology major so it was mostly review. All of the test information is straight off of the power points and from examples in class, and the essay assignments are easy. I never even bought the book and if you go to class you shouldn't need it.
Yup, kinda boring. If you like the material, you'll like it. All in all, interesting enough. Tests are both from the book and mostly from lecture. In-class activities help balance out your grade, so go to class, its easy. All in all, I give I'd give her class a B-.
She's a sweet lady but sooo boring. It is simple material but some how the test turn out to not be very easy. It's an easy B class w/o much work, but if you want the A you have to put in alittle more effort than you should have to for a class like this.
BORING. EASY CLASS OVERALL. KNOWS WHAT'S SHE'S TALKING ABOUT BUT BAD AT SHARING IT WITH OTHERS. SEEMS UNPREPARED. USES OVERHEAD. JUST TYPICAL, BORING HIGH SCHOOL-LIKE TEACHER.
Boring. Dont take for intro
Never went to class, but classmates told me good things.
awesome and easy
Tough and fair teacher, with unique teaching style, and unusual assignments... not bad, just challenging!
Professor Grossman is a good guy. He has a strong accent and soft voice. With the content being calculus the class is extremely tough, however, Grossman gives an unheard of amount of extra credit points. Lots of difficult homework for little reward and VERY tough exams but get the homework and extra credit points and you will have a good grade.
I am going to start off by saying that if you can get a different professor, then try to do so. He doesn't explain things very well, but well enough When you have this teacher, go to math help! You have three exams and homework due about every week or so. The homework and tests are based off the book. Don't be give him a hard time, he means well.
Professor Grossman can get a little carried away with his lectures sometimes but is usually in the vicinity of the topic. Besides that the class is pretty easy, as long as you do your homework youll do fine in the class. If you need a PreCalc credit take it with Grossman.
The mans dman entertaining. Too bad he's supposed to be teaching
In class he is confusing, go to his office hours and youre fine!
Not my favorite prof, but an easy A. Posts study guides for all the sections online so I found doing the study guides and asking questions in lab more helpful than sitting in lecture. We had a couple of pop quiz type assignments in lecture, but most of the grade is based off of exams. Do the study guides, go to lab and it's a guaranteed A.
One thing I can say about Dr. D is that she is very passionate about the topic. On top of that she is very helpful if you ask, she is always willing to stay late to answer questions. The only negative things I can think of are that she can go off on tangents very easily, and she uses an overhead projector that is very difficult to seeread.
I took this class on Beaver Island and would highly recommended it. She is a amazing professor and her enthusiasm about plants makes learning botany so much better. Her passion about plants is amazing, I never knew someone could care so much about plants. She is a great professor that is always willing to help if you do not understand something.
I loved Bio in high school and I was great at it as well...AP classes and I was a tutor...She made me hate biology... :(
Lecture is ok, but lab is badly organized
He is a nice enough guy and cares about his students. My only problem in this class was how he weighs it. There are 3 exams and each counts for about 25% of your grade. So if youre a poor test taker, there goes 75% of your grade. I wish he added more assignments or weighed the exams less heavily thats all!
I thought this class would be a good WI. I was VERY wrong, everything is extremely fast if you get confused he makes you more confused by explaining something off topic. He is a very VERY fast talker, for me, I got easily lost and that set me back more and more. If you don't put in the effort of reading the books and doing the essays you won't pass
Prof. Noggle has his good moments, but his class is very hard! His lectures are interesting, but he is one of the toughest graders I have had in my college career. He makes the class harder than it needs to be and there are very little points up for grabs. 2 exams, 4 quizzes, and 2 papers. I wouldn't take this class again. It's not worth the stress
The person who says this guy is a horrible teacher is just mad because the prof sets high standards, like expecting students to use decent grammar in papers for a college class. This prof does expects a lot from his students, but, hey, this is college, not high school. And he is always willng to explain complex material as many times as needed.
Well gee, if the previous poster writes like that on papers, it's no wonder he didn't do well in a class with a lot of writing.
this guy gives students every opportunity to learn the material; if you don't get it, it must be because you are just not trying. Show up for class, study for the exams, use the materials on blackboard, ask questions when you don't understand, & you'll do fine. What more do you want?
Huh? The prof posts detailed powerpoint notes for all the lectures on Blackboard for PHL 318, so if you miss something you can easily find it out. Also, there are ways to make up things you miss in class if you just take the time. Prof is always willing to re-explain things or answer questions.
I don't know what hte previous persons problem is. Instructor covered almost everything in lecture. If you show up and take notes, it's a pretty easy class. Sure there was reading to do, but its pretty reasonable for a 300 level class. Exams are long and comprehensive but he does curve them.
tests are hard, lectures are boring...
Re: Summer 318: Required reading was 400 pages--not unreasonable for a 3 credit, 300-level course. Prof did not tell anyone to drop.
Took him in the summer, told us we need to spend 2hrs outside of class for every hour of class, then that if we were planning on having a job or taking another course and passing his we needed to drop. had 5+ hours of reading a nite for the entire 3 weeks
Previous poster has a grudge. 218L was 3 years ago, and some members of the class were being very disruptive and disrespectful--he yelled at them for bad behavior.
Pretty tough class. Out of about 20 students who started the class, only one ended up with an A.
Very difficult tests
Mumbling,but if you really listen and take notes, he's a good teacher. You can learn a lot.
Basically, expect a computer or video as an instructor. Any questions you ask will be answered accurately but with no effort to 'get what you meant'. Take notes. Study everything.
Excellent grades on homework, and in class knowledge but tough on final project and tests...
Mark keeps class on topic with a bit of humor tossed in. Sometimes his assignment expectations are a bit unclear. He is certainly knowledgeable on the subjects he teaches and uses real world exaples to drive points home. If your having difficulty he understands and is helpfull. He recoginzes genuine effort. Be prepared for an agressive pace!
Got stuck teaching Eng Econ when he wasn't suppose to. Did a fairly good job, considering he had know idea what the hell was going on. Take him for statistic...that all he ever talked about in here.
Although he tries to be a funny guy, he is so boring. His history 120 class was mandatory, but I did not feel like attending any of them. You honestly don't need to be there since he has the notes posted online for you to look at too. Super east class, however. I ended with an A+ but was so bored. His exams and tests are really easy.
I took the 2hour and 45 minute class on Wednesday nights. I'm not a history major, but the class was in general easy. Long, boring, but to the point. Three tests and one five page essay. Tests are impossible if you can't memorize things (nearly 40-50 terms each time and an essay)
Mrs. Tague was a very nontraditional professor. The classes were strictly discussion based, and there were brief readings to be done before each class. There were 4 papers through out the year and no final! Each paper is worth 20% and participation is another 20%. She is a very fair teacher and has a great personality, I would recommend her!
DO NOT MISS CLASS. she will screw you over on attendance. however she is very nice and always willing to meet with you if you need to work on things.
Nicest lady you will ever meet but you will write the most out of every eng 110 class. OK grader but you will def. do the most work out of any english class
Ms. Ross was such a good english teacher. I was DREADING this class so much, but she taught me a lot. I didn't really like how she randomly called on you for your opinion, but it wasn't the end of the world. She had a lot of little assignments that gave easy points, and she was overall an easy grader. I definitely recommend her for E110.
I found her grading to be really harsh. she gave me a zero on an assignment because she thought it was too short. she wanted 1-2 paragraphs. i wrote 2. she found it short...i still dont get it. but otherwise, she's a decent teacher.
Great Guy, but lectures are long and boring with almost zero in depth details about anything. Loves to talk about his critical thinking glossary that is pointless and redunent. Awful grader. Gives me an A on one paper and a D+ on another and i took the same amount of time and effort on both. Very Inconsistant. Do not take him if you dont have to.
This was a very challenging class. You really need to go to class and take good notes. It isn't impossible, just a lot of work. The final was very hard for some reason. Great guy, hard class, but doable.
Very Hard class. Very hard final. Nice guy though.
A good overall professor. I found some of his grading on my written work to be unfair. Approachable.
This guy is hot, gave me a paper extension. Not too many teachers are that excepting for this class. Talks about theory (which is a drab). Other then that he is a cool guy.
A lot of people like him, these people are CRAZY!! He is helpfull, but this class is sooo hard I do not see how that helps. I'm a history major and I got a low C. Try to avoid!!
Very cool guy but grades very hard. Lectures are boring but he's funny and interacts with students well. Material is hard and there is a lot of reading. Use books a lot. Easy-going and flexible.
The lecture classes were a lot of fun to attend, but the papers and exams were graded tougher than most professors without explanation. He often brings up his liberal political viewpoint on opposing the Bush administration. This gets old after awhile
super nice guy, funny too. A lot of reading required for class but he's a good teacher. Only 2 tests and both are take home. Easy one page papers bring up grade. Good teacher and class to take.
Interesting lectures but grades on papers are pretty arbitrary. Wasn't able to explain why he gives the grades he does or what could be done for improvement.
Since I did well on the smaller assignments, I assumed I would be fine on the essays. Don't make that mistake. Come to class every day and take full advantage of the smaller assignments in order to make up for the points you will inevitably lose on the essays. She is tough, but she is not impossible. She doesn't force you to think as she does.
Although she graded papers very hard, she did try to help with the writing process. When she graded my papers, her comments were completely different from when I asked her for help
Class with Natalie is great if she likes you. If she doesn't have time for you or you don't meet her level of expectation, she will not only let you know, but she'll make you feel like an idiot. She is a very good teacher, but not a very compassionate or patient person.
Very liberal, i only say this b/c she is not open to any differing views. Plan to accept anything she says b/c you are wrong. Unclear on goals, and will grade you down for your views.
Needs to put away her whistle, shows lack of respect for students
Dr. Dickie is very knowledgeable on Developmental Psychology, and has been with the Dept. for years. You must be VERY self-directed in her classes, not because she is a bad prof, but she expects it from her students.
very unorganized prof. Took a few classes to even start on the material, then completely whipped through it. She was nice, but not clear on expectations.
This class has its own study sessions, I ADVISE YOU GO. I HAVE GONE TO EVERY STUDY SESSION AND IM BARELY ABOVE A 75 percent. if you feel like working hard, take this class. Neurath is a pretty cool dude but the class is hard as crap. If you have to take this for your major, then good luck
He gives clear expectations and if you just listen to him and ask questions he'll make sure you pass with an A. He's a really cool guy
The class is certainly not easy, but Professor Neurath is very enthusiastic about the subject. His exams are quite difficult and require a lot of studying, as does the class in general. He gives many examples but moves very quickly through the material.
Hes a good teacher if you want to be an accountant. He teaches you more than you really need to know if you are any other student. His exams are hard, and he doesn't use black board so you dont know your grade unless you ask. Accounting in general sucks, and he drills it in you. Take at own risk!
If you show up to class and pay attention, this class should be pretty easy. Just make sure you study a lot for each test.
He is extremely strick and will reduce your grade if you do not answer questions in his class. He also takes off quite a few points if your cell phone goes off, eventually reducing you to failure for repeated offenses.
I'd have to agree with everyone else about him being a horrible teacher. He is very, very tough. My class started with about 20 people and ended with 8! The average on the first exam was 56% or something close to that. Avoid him if at all possible! I got my first "C" this past semester from him...ugh!
Yeah, this is a hard class, but it's not the professor, it's the course itself. I respect that he tells you at the beginning of the course that you need to apply yourself to pass the class. He gives you the grade you deserve to get. At least he is better than Ardnt!
this class was not that bad if u just go to class everyday an study before exams an quizs youll pass
Hardest class Ive ever taken. You get ZERO extra credit and ZERO curve. I have never worked so hard for a B in my life. Only two kids in my class did better than a B. I learned a lot about accounting, but the guy has ZERO mercy. Class average on first test was a 61%, with no curve. Ouch! You might learn, but you will take a gpa hit, guranteed.
He is a good instructor, knows accounting. Preaches Ethics, but he himself does not practice it. There were 2 occasions in which he was not ethical. Watch yourself. He is an arrogant SOB and has favorites. Remember, you are paying to be here.
This class is a toss up depending on the student. Neurath is a great teahcer, knows what he's talking about, but if you don't have the time to dedicate towards homework and studying then hold off on the class. I understood what he was talking about, but don't have time to study si I am failing, but
I agree, i dont know what everyone is talking about. I think its pretty d**n hard. Tests are a huge margin of your grade, so if you f**k up on your tests and your basically screwed. I've done all of my homework, attend all classes. (I've missed one) and yet im still failing my tests....Go Figure.
"I feel that everything is fair game" will become your most hated, feared, and dreaded phrase on the planet. I think he enjoys it when we don't do very well.
I don't know what everyone on here is talking about, but this class is god-awful. I don't know a single person who likes it (nor is doing well). He can be a complete a**hole and tell you that you're stupid, his tests are very hard, but he is always available to help you.
Good teacher, he knows what he's talking about but he doesn't go over everything that is on the tests so you need to read the book. Tests are hard.
Good professor, hard tests. He is very knowledgable about the course, but the exmas are very hard. The key to a decent grade... GO TO CLASS. Participation is crucial!!
Really cool prof, but way too difficult. He moves to fast, I know there's a lot to cover- but seriously. He would be awesome if he would slow down a little, but he moves at turbo speed. I ended up dropping the class.
His quizes and exams are fair, but quite hard. You need to do the homework even though it is never collected, it is the easiest way to understand his lectures. Going to class is the key to getting a decent grade.
good teacher, tough grader, accounting machine, worth taking just go to class
Great guy, very nice and very interesting. Dont miss a class and pay attention
sux. had to drop the class
He acts like a robot and has a problem with following along with the book.
He was very thorough and willing to help out whenever needed!
Zesty
She makes the tests insanely easy on purpose because she knows that no one pays attention in class You can skip every day and make a B as long as you take the quizzes online. If you do go to class, be prepared to listen to a monotone, droning lecture. Easy class if you need a few credits.
Dr. Levy is a great professor!! The online quizzes are very easy. You need to make sure you read the articles she assigns though, she puts questions about them on the tests. Tests are pretty fair as long as you use the study guide she posts to moodle. Attendance isn't mandatory, overall great course!
She is very interested in anthropology, but its extremely boring do the readings for online quizzes
great teacher--- overall not too much work for the class. some reading, but its not too heavy. no assignments unless you want extra credit. she lectures a good amount, but its pretty interesting.
Mainly a lecture class but thankfully she gives most of her notes in a course pack. Doesn't take attendance and relatively easy if you do the reading.
The class itself is pretty boring, but she has such passion for it, you can't help but listen. The writing assignment is a total pain, and she can be unclear as to exactly what she's looking for with it. Tests are part short answer and part essay. All I can say is listen and do the readings. If you ask her for help, she WILL give it.
the more you read the better you'll do
good teacher. go get help if you need it, talk w/ her she is pretty cool when you get to know her.
tuff stuff in this class
An easy A if you do the study sheets
Professor Lapp is very friendly but is, unfortunately, a bad teacher. During class, he fails to provide proper examples or explanations for the subject. He often has groups work together to learn things that he hasn't taught. Despite that, he is very willing to help. Also, he requires an expensive CAS calculator.
Dr. Lapp is a very kind and caring person. I actually really like him as a person and he will help you a lot if you ask. He's a talker though for sure and goes off on tangents. His teaching though isn't very great. He is a brilliant man, very very smart, you can just tell, BUT he doesn't teach clearly and assumes we know more than we do.
Dr. Lapp has a good heart and is very willing to help. But he uses a complex calc. that few have experience with. The calc. is used for EVERYTHING, which makes it hard to visualize the problems. Coming from someone who tends to get A's in math, this class was frustrating. I was in and out of his office every other week which is how I managed a B+.
Dr. Lapp is a really nice guy and wants you to do well if you try, but to get a good grade you have to work your butt off to get it, by doing all the homework and going to his office hours. You MUST buy the TI Nspire CX CAS which is $140 on Amazon. This Class has a lot of physics concepts built in, as well. GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS, IT'LL SAVE YOU!
Really not a bad professor, but here's the bottom line. Do you genuinely like math? Go ahead and take the honors version. Are you actually going to do the homework? If not, don't take this class. A big part of your grade is homework quizzes and if you don't do them, it's not good. Don't just take this for the competency.
Great professor and knows what he is talking about. He tends to keep talking and explaining. He is very helpful in his office hours, but he will work on one problem with you for about 30 minutes. He is all about the CAS calculator which is difficult if you do not know the algebra behind calculus. But overall a good class, be prepared to work hard.
He is very nice and wants you to succeed, but it was a difficult class. His tests are IMPOSSIBLE! He moves pretty quickly and offers reviews. He gives pop quizzes about every other week.
Dr Lapp is an amazing professor, he certainly knows his math, HOWEVER, he is wayyyy too serious with a Calc 1 class. The most ridiculous part was basing the entire class around the $200 TI NSPIRE calculator, if you don't have it, you're bound to fail. Take someone else for Calc 1 and save yourself from a nightmare.
This guy really knows his Math, but he's TOO SMART for this class. He expects you to understand the concepts after 50 min of class, and you need the $190 TI-NSPIRE calculator because he bases the class purely around that. He goes through things way too fast, but if you need help, just ask him. However, I do not recommend taking him for CALC I
The course requires a lot of work outside of class. It is a math class, but there are group labs outside of class. These get easier as the semester goes on. He cares a lot about his students, but I was in a small class and we all had trouble understanding parts of the material. It was the hardest class I have taken so far, but he's a nice guy.
Don't take this class with him. You have to do way too much work for little points on homework and labs. He picks favorites, and gives difficult tests. I had taken Calculus the previous year in high school, and this was way too dificult even for me.
Hard grader, but is willing to work with you. Labs suck!
labs are dumb, he wants to change the way we learn math, hard grader
The lectures are really boring, but attendance is taken every day. The practice quizzes really help when studying for the exam. He is kind of quirky, and kind of quiet, but he means well.
This was a fun course and Professor Brunner is a surprisingly funny teacher. The subject seemed to be tough for most students, but he did a pretty good job teaching. If your in to conservative political rants, this is also the teacher for you.
Brunner is such a nice guy. That being said, the material is super boring & his handwriting is from another planet. If you show up to class with enough caffeine in your system, you should be able to stay focused and pass with flying colors. ALSO the pretest is almost exactly the same as his exams.
Very easy teacher, he makes lectures interesting with comics in the beginning. He bases all the exams off of the exam review! Easy A!
Class would be very difficult if he didn't curve the grades. I got a C on my exam and ended up with a A+ due to the curve. He is pretty funny, he likes to read jokes off of college humor before each class. I would take this class if your looking for a easy U.P.
Go to class and you'll pass.
Class is really boring, he is a really nice man though. He is so intelligent, but can't really teach all of his knowledge. Tests were kind of hard, but worksheets help out with the grade.
Lectures are a bit confusing but exams come straight from the notes
Professor Falls is a very nice man. He's a bit hard to understand at times, but when you understand him the subject matter is pretty clear. Just beware that you need to show up to class and read all the textbook chapters he covers or you won't pass
He is a nice guy, but does not make sense a whole lot. His hand writing is awful. You have to sit in the front to see what he writes. Tests are really hard even though it is multiple choice. Unless you know some economics prior I would not recommend taking him.
He teaches everything he tests on very well, and does a good job of explaining important concepts. However, tests are very broad and difficult. He gives study guides for all tests at the beginning of the semester. Take them with you to class and use them to study. Low test averages are normal, but he curves at the end of the semester.
You don't really need the book for this class. Four exams, no homework. Mumbles in class and has a lot of verbal tics, and his notes are scatterbrained, but if you go through the review sheet, the exams will be very easy.
Hard to understand, but it will come to you after a week, says "Gee Okay" a lot, Exams have a few essays, just go over the study guide he provides and its fine, NO HOMEWORK
The exams were tough but he definitely knows his stuff, if you go to class, take notes, and read the book, you'll do fine.
Falls isn't bad. He might mumble a bit but other than that, the class is fine. I would agree that some of the aplia assignments were tough but he will help you if you can't figure them out. Go to class, and review the old tests and quizes he puts on blackboard and you'll do fine.
Lectures BORING, everything on the exams is in the book.
He's a really nice guy, but unfortunately his lectures will leave even the most invigorated student reaching for their pillow. You'll probably learn everything from the text, as it's legible. The grading breaks down to 40% from 4 homework assignments and 60% from 3 tests. There's certainly far worse professors, but avoid him if possible.
Nice guy, but says ok A LOT! Willing to help outside of class, but confuses you even more. If you want to kill your gpa, I recommend taking his class.
Your first impression is right, he is a dork
Hes crazy as a loon, a decent guy, class can be boring, bring a book to read
Does wierd thing with his lips and mouth, and says um k, any questions on that&
She's alright, just expects people to participate every class (which people don't always want to). For some reason, in an interpersonal skills class, about 40% of the grade is textbook homework. It's not on Canvas. Get a calendar and do it or you will get a B in an easy class like me.
a nice woman, but grades very harshly and is extremely disorganized. mandatory attendance and it feels more like an ethics or philosophy class than a business class. huge project for a large grade with 0 rubric or guidance. cannot tell you how many personality tests i had to take (some of which i had to PAY for). makes up assignments on the spot.
class is more on social issues than anything. Very political (liberal) about everything. Weekly homework out of textbook that has nothing to do with class. Giant group project. No tests. Attendance mandatory. She's very nice and can work with you if you miss class or homework. Definitley an easy A.
Her class is very easy but she's not the most organized. It is difficult to figure out what assignments are due and when to do them. The good thing is that she just cares that they get done and does not have hard and fast deadlines. The class is fun when you participate. I recommend her.
Easy class and easy assignments that are sometimes interesting. Biggest pet peeve is she doesn't round even if you are at an 89.9 which can be very frustrating. Some of the assignments are unnecessary and boring. Overall a good class though.
Two concurrent group projects, one of which my class section was the pilot for. A lot of meaningless personality quiz-type activities. She's an excessively tough and seemingly arbitrary grader: The class average on the first 4-5 writing assignments was around 55-65. She is very knowledgeable but there is a lot of useless content in her course.
Every class is a class discussion not her lecturing. There doesn't need to be structure to this class considering there is barely any homework and No tests. She is a tough grader with memos, but you NEED to be able to write if your going into business. If you have a problem with single spacing papers then I recommend getting out of the COB.
Very nice & helpful, but not always clear about what she wants for case studies. Right before finals, she failed half the class on a case study for not following new directions (that she mentioned on a Fri morning when only like 5 people were in class). I lost my A, but still, she's a great person and an easy prof. Just be sure to go to class.
Yes, her quizzes and tests are hard. But she is not mean at all or anything like that. One of the nicest and most sincere ladies I've ever met. Super friendly.
Class is boring as hell but she is a pretty easy teacher. Reccomend taking.
Good at teaching the subject but her tests and quizzes are terrible. They're either far too long or full of ambiguous answers, where multiple answers could be correct. Attendance and class participation matter too much to her. Friendly at least.
She takes a class that should be an easy A and makes you work. Attendance is taken every class and the quizzes are very obscure. If you are taking COB202 get another professor but I think she could be good in a higher-level class where people care more.
Easiest COB class. Stupid class exercises. Approachable
test r not what is taught
Not very interesting. Class exercises a joke.
Seems very nice but can be passive-aggressive. I ended up skipping most classes because they felt useless to me. attendance was extra credit and the textbook was free- which I really appreciate. Don't take this course online- public speaking in an online class can be very awkward (you film yourself in front of your friends).
Don't get me wrong, she's a great person as a whole... but the course itself is just too much. You are only graded by the quizzes each week, so you HAVE to be prepared to read a lot of chapter material. Attendance was not mandatory on zoom but some questions on the quizzes reflect topics only discussed in class so... all I can say is good luck.
The class is hard and you REALLY have to read and pay attention in lectures. Professor Hanson can be blunt but explains things in lectures decently well. Your grade is based solely off of the 13 quizzes that are given based on the theories and nothing else which is why I think the course can get so hard too.
She is a great professor! Very informative and wants you to truly understand the material. To pass this class, you need to really study the theories, memorize them and use quizlet! Thats how I passed, if you can keep getting 100% on the quizlet practice test then you will pass the quizzes. There are lots of quizlets!
Honestly, the class is not that bad. I was failing every quiz in the beginning but I changed my studying habits. I started rewatching lectures, reading the textbook, and using the self-help quizzes on the textbook website. Now I'm currently making A's and B's on every quiz. In this class, you really have to teach yourself to actually get it.
The professor is okay. The quizzes are just unnecessarily hard. Comm studies is my minor this is my last class to graduate this spring. I dont think Im going to graduate because of my grade in this class right now. The class is hard for a 2000 level class. It really sucks that we only get graded on these quizzes.
This class is really difficult and if you do not study hard, attend the lectures, and read the entire book, you will not do well. But if you do all of those things, you can definitely get a B or A. There are weekly quizzes, but that's much better for this material, rather than having 3 big tests with multiple theories. Just put in the effort.
While she isn't really a good professor, I don't think she is as bad as others say. Yes, the class is very difficult. The lectures are tough to get through and the quizzes are rough. But if you do study you will do well, however, you have to put in the work. The practice quizzes on the textbook website are incredibly helpful.
Professor Hanson is a nice lady but her directions for assignments are very vague so get ready to be frustrated. If you can I suggest maximizing her office hours so you can ask directly what she wants for each assignment. She does a lot of pop quizzes, Id say at least once or twice a week so read your chapters. I like her lectures though!
Professor Hanson definitely knows what shes talking about. Beware though, if you dont show up, you wont pass. The only grades are tests, 6 pop quizzes, and the final. But, if youre contemplating whether you need the book or not, youd probably be fine without it. I studied my notes really hard and passed with a B!
I took Hanson and I walked out of the class feeling like I was challenged by her course work. If you put forth the hard work to know the material discussed in lecture and your book, you will do good in her class. Her tests require that you know the material 100%. Also a very harsh grader; she can be very meticulous and unnerving in her grading.
Honestly she's not the worst professor I have ever had but I truly do wish she did more than just pop quizzes and tests. It was just unnecessary stress but I really do think that she's not as bad as everyone is making her seem to be on here. She's tough, knows her stuff, but also expects you to stay on top of material which is expected ...
Course material is difficult but if you show up and pay attention you will pass. You have to read the book. The assignments are not hard but all of her instructions are terrible so ask questions. Classes are discussion heavy. She's a good professor if you are a good student. Don't take if you're looking for an easy a.
I have taken two courses with her and she is a wonderful professor. Very knowledgeable, humorous, and willing to help if you don't understand. She is really particular about her syllabus and will refer you back to it every time you ask a question and the answer can be found in it. Lastly, follow every bit of instructions for assignments!
This class is a headache. The entire semester is a group project and I highly suggest you finish it as soon as you can. She thinks she's got the perfect system for group communication but the whole class was pretty pointless. She wants you to buy the $44 text book that she wrote but half the class never bought it. Pay attention and take notes.
class is boring, reads off ppt slides & she has the nerve to have a course packet that u need purchase at the bookstore. She is a very tough grader & doesn't teach you anything you need to know pertaining to Health Comm. She mainly talks about her daughterfriends issues. expects too much & doesn't give that in return. learned nothing! ez exams
Took the hybrid class. All I have to say is that her grading is ridiculous. You do exactly what she says and still get a low grade on hw.
VERY bias! If u r sum1 who doesnt need to ask a lot of questions during lectures ur participation grade goes down, which is worth a big chunk of your grade. Very long/tedious student presentations. Lectures r an addition to text book material so u have to teach urself. Group presentation grade unfair, if 1person messes up everyone is penalized
her test are extremely hard. this is a small group communications class and you do a ton of group work.
THE CLASS WAS OKAY....THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAD W/ HER WAS HER BIASNESS IN REGARDS TO PARTICIPATION IN HOW SHE MEASURES IT....I FEEL THAT IF THIS MEASUREMENT WAS OMITTED, THIS WOULD LESSEN THE AMOUNT OF BIASNESS DISPLAYED ON HER PART!!! VERY BIASED!
Almost impossible to get an A with the way she grades. Entire semester is all about group work and will take a lot of outside of the class time. Tests are based mostly on book material and are pretty tough.
Her individual presentations is the biggest waste of class time i have ever seen. Everyone presents on a topic for the whole semister and it takes up about 60% of the class time every day. So you HAVE to come to class to be taught by other students then have to take her test. WORST
Sandy is a tough teacher, but also has favorites. Her tests count a lot, but her final paper can either make you or break you. Go to class...she has high school participation grades.
Just don't take her. She plays favorites.
plays favorites
His lectures are all over the place and hard to follow. One midterm, one research paper, and a final. Class like a podcast- cameras and mics off and listen to him lecture the whole time. Overall a very sweet man and if you put any effort in at all you wont fail, he won't let you. Not easy but doable for a gen ed. Buy the books (4)!!
Lectures are boring, but overall really smart guy and is very helpful. Grades fairly, 1 big term paper, midterm and a final. I recommmed him!
had her for 102, 201 and this semes for 214..thought she was easy for 102/201 but she was horrible for 214- at this level you actually WANT to learn spanish, so dont take her. didnt help me excel whatsoever. took with 202 w another prof recommend it bc every chap topic is exact same and correlates. picks favorites, doesnt acknowledge effort
If you know what you are doing, then this class should be a piece of cake. I had it four days a week, for an hour each day and it wasn't bad at all. She prepares you well for the test and makes sure you know what the test will be like. I found no problem with her.
You def have to take some spanish in HS before taking it at college. Shes a good teacher and all, but I was just very unprepared, and I did have Spanish in HS, just not a good preogram I guess.
Very outgoing, likes to randomly call on people, very much participation oriented.
very good teacher, she explained things very well in the class, so if you pay attention and do the homework you wont have any problems on the tests. I recommend her a lot.
Dr. Freitag is very experienced and is well connected. However, he is extremely arrogant about his profession. He's even discouraging if you aren't getting at least a B in his class. He told me I wouldn't do well in PR because I got a C in his class. But I've already been working in the PR field for the last 4 years!!!
Probably one of the best professers I had at JMU. His political views were opposite mine and most of the class, but he really made you think. If you spoke in class, you had better bring a good answer.
Jeez this guy is funny. He hates the world, with his only pleasures being beer and Golf. It's hard to make econ easy, but he does make it fun... for him. just be along for the ride, and pray he doesnt pick on you. Notes are hard to get down, so when he gives you time write them, get them down fast! book marginal in value, tough attendance policy.
This is the type of prof. where you'll either like him or hate him. He has a wacky and random personality, which I enjoyed, but can imtimidate you if you don't understand something. It's not impossible to pass him and I think he gives a curve. I started off with a low C before the final and ended up with a C+ for a final grade in the course.
Certainly not the easiest subject area, but he is a pretty good teacher. Go to class, pay attention, work hard and study and you'll be fine.
Are you kidding me? He's not supposed to be your friend and give easy A's. This is a hard class, no doubt about it, but the guy is hilarious. He will keep you awake with his yankee hating and other stuff he does. Tests are hard and I felt he did a good job going over the material and explaining it.
You sink or swim in his class based on whether you can write coherently (>=300 level) and/or grasp the geometric implications of the the various graphs and charts that he teaches in class but doesn't believe in (<=200 level). He's a wonderful teacher if you don't need to have things spoonfed to you.
He is a good prof. a bit crazy. The class is challenging but not impossible. I got a B and didn't put forth much effort. 2 2pg essays. a midterm and a final each with 3 questions. Lets you know what he expects. A lot of reading but not too bad a class, don't need to have econ background to pass.
i cant believe people are leaving such bad ratings!! he's SO entertaining, which is totally needed in econ. the subject is hard. get over it, its required. if you're SO easily offended you'll need a thicker skin for business anyway.
Exams are hard and tricky. Pretty interesting guy, says and does random funny things to keep the lectures entertaining. Try to avoid this class if you can.
You will either love or hate him, and he frankly won't care. The class is demanding, but you learn a LOT. Very quirky and spontaneous, class is interesting b/c of him, not the material. Grading system is AWESOME
Blah, nice guy, but he has a hard time making this very hard class clear, try and avoid
his test are horrible...no matter how well you know the material, his wording is so weird you won't even know what he is asking for...odd man but entertaining none-the-less, don't take if you blush easily
NOT an easy teacher, but he's hilarious and the class is worthwhile. Really knows his stuff and makes you think
While he is funny at times, his humor is based on making fun of people. I don't like to ask questions because he'll answer it, but not until he has made fun of me first. If you can get past this, he does teach well and you will learn a lot.
Class is hard, but micro is hard period. He's hilarious, however some people can't handle his humor cuz it can be offensive and sarcastic. He knows the material and teaches it really well. Tests are fair, if you study. Pop quizes, and some announced.
Knows his stuff, but not the best person to ask questions to. If you can get through his gruff persona, you really can learn something.
he's a riot, says offensive stuff that will make u laugh or hate him. Will make cracks about your mother and just about everything else. If your a sensitive person don't take this class. Class is tough, but he does his best to help u do good.
He is a great teacher. If you do the work you can get at least a B, but if you don't you're pretty much screwed. He's scary and hilarious, and probably will say something offensive every class. I loved him!
If you have taken economics before, he is not bad. For the people who replied that his class is too hard, they must be idiots, because if you expect to graduate from JMU you will be taking classes ten times harder than this one.
Test are way to hard and confusing
Funny and never boring. hell make fun of u. know ur stuff for the hard tests
Bit of an oddball, but very good teacher. I learned a lot from him.
He really is not bad at all and is actually a really nice guy just is different from other professors. Some of his jokes are pretty funny but overall class is not as bad as everyone else wrote about it. Make sure to go to class since there are group assignments almost every class and re study the book. You'll do fine if you do that.
Strange guy...lectures are conflicting with the book...always lectures using a microphone...laugh at all his jokes and go to class...group assignments almost every class so attendance is important and TAKE GOOD NOTES...his curves are amazing! ...so if the average for an exam is a 20 than its a C and an A might be a 50 or 60 for the exam
He's funny guy and makes the class interesting. It's definitely my favorite class of the semester, but he's a tough grader and his tests aren't the easiest. The tests are half from the book and half from in class lectures and his questions are tricky. He curves grades based on how the class does. I studied a good amount for each exam and got B's.
Class isn't bad if you are prepared and participate. He picks on students who obviously don't know what is going on in the class. Very hard to get an A. Lots of groupwork, but you don't get to pick your groups.
I like his style of teaching, as far as the open forum goes, but he he makes students feel stupid when they answer wrong and he isn't always too clear on things.
Seems like a really good guy, and the lectures can be somewhat interesting. Material itself doesnt seem too complicated. But good luck getting a decent grade in the class. Tests are way more difficult than they should be. He is also an outrageously strict grader on assignments. You definitely cant miss a lecture and need to take really good notes
Dr. Shapiro is a nice guy who explains the class content well. For some reason he makes his exams way tougher than they need to be. Includes 3-5 random textbook Qs. Basically asking you to spend $ and time on all of that for 3 Qs. Other than that the work is easy, but I dont like exams that even hed have trouble w/ had he not made them himself
He's pretty boring for material that could be very interesting. Three exams, multiple choice with optional essays, hard and some very objective. Two groups project, which he grades really harshly. Definitely have to go to class to get all the notes you need for exams and projects.
super easy class. His lectures are really boring online and you really only need to watch and take notes for the 3rd test the first 2 are heavily textbook and you can just look at the slides instead of watching the videos. Homeworks are really annoying but still easy. great gpa booster class.
This class seems easy but tests are harder than he makes them seem. The study guide isn't very helpful and just reading the book won't work, you need to take good notes during class. He doesn't take attendance, but go to class. Make sure your group for the project is a good one & not lazy.
Cool Prof, go to class, take GOOD notes, read the chapters, STUDY for tests
must read TB, boring lectures, --> GROUP PROJECT ; dont bother asking for help
strong accent. very eager to work with students.
I think he expects a little more than he should for an introductory course but if you are interested in the subject matter he is amazing. He is incredibly knowledgeable and has a good sense of humor if not a bit dry. I will say he is not all that easy to approach but nice enough. The only problem I had was one of his student teachers that graded.
Easy enough, but lectures are near tortue, and you can get by without the required readings if you have half a brain.
Lots of notes. All absences are excused;she doesn't accept late work so you have to go to class or get notes from someone else, but there is a 20 point easy extra credit assignment at end of semester which helps. Tests are ard, especially for a 1000 class. Map questions on the tests-make sure to look those up or prepare to do badly on the tests.
Very simple course load. Attend class and you will get a good grade. Chances are you might learn something.
I really liked this class. I have an interest in art though. The movies are a little boring. Don't really use book during class, but for the midterm and final you will. I got A's on both final and mid-term. Follow study guide and make sure you go to class. Good guy.
I had him as a prof over 10 years ago his actions to his students really did seem condescending then too, and mercilessly unbending with certain principles like timliness. Kind of funny sometimes. He certainly didn't come off as an empathetic individual. The modern art class I had with him was very enlightening and long-term useful though. If it
He co-teaches it with Professor Lafferty. It is a 6-hour long class, so beware. There are lots of assignments with rubrics that are vague. Dr. Lane is an interesting guy and tries to make class fun, but if you are not in the marketing/business field I do not recommend taking it. It is really hard to get full points in this class.
Super nice and funny guy. But you won't learn ANYTHING from him specifically. The class is four assignments every 2 weeks, and that's it. No exams or quizzes. That being said, the four assignments are incredibly time consuming and tedious, and often frustrating. You'll seemingly never get a 100% on an assignment, no matter how great it is.
Fascinating, great sense of humor, and very knowledgeable, but all assignments come through Blackboard and rubrics are unclear and poorly made, which is made worse because he's very hard to contact for clarification. He's also a hard grader but is bad at explaining what he's looking for, so grading is very unpredictable. Even so, it's a cool class.
Professor Lane is very respected and knows a lot about what he is talking about but he is so busy that his classes aren't that important to him. Very hard grader you can almost expect to get a B in the class unless you go above and beyond for every project. Also lots of homework but that's expected being in the honors college. Can be confusing.
Dr. Lane is a good professor. He is a very tough grader and it is hard to get an A in his class. He is a funny guy and the in class portion was a ton of fun. As for outside of class, be ready for over 12 hours of homework a week.
You have to put a lot of work into this class but it's relatively easy work. A lot of group projects but they are usually a fun topic. I showed up to class every day and sat on my laptop without paying attention and got an A so as long as you show up and put in a decent amount of work you are golden. Save yourself some money and skip the book.
He is a really nice and funny guy but a lot of his assignments can be quite unclear. He is also quite inconsistent with his grading and he definitely has favorites, but with that being said he also treats everyone with respect. This class is hard to get the grades you want sometimes and that can be frustrating but it is a fun class altogether!
I will agree that his grading is a little unclear, but he is a good prof and will not bore you with power point lectures. Get involved in class and on blackboard and you should do well.
Pay attention to the online discussions. He doinked me for not getting involved.
She's retired now, so it's understandable that she might not be as dedicated as you'd expect. However, she cancels a solid half of the classes and assigns readings in the place of class, and they're all very boring. Her tests are IMPOSSIBLE (physically - there's not enough time to complete them, no matter how quickly you type.) Kind of boring..
Research Methods is a pretty boring class regardless of who you take. Knickrehm at least is willing to help although she can be a bit confusing at times.
I sometimes wonder if she really does have a PHD! The only thing she does is read from the slides that contain information that are so obvious to everyone.She doesnt know how to prepare tests,makes the course harder than it is. Boring, monotonous voice!!!
She is fun in class, and it isn't too bad. The only thing is their is statistics in this class and that sucks. But i def would reccomend Knickrehm
Um, she kinda sucks big time. All her slides are on blackboard (which she reads directly off of), but has an attendance policy. Hard tests, easy papers, but borrrrrrrrring. Dont take it.
Material is very general and vague. She fails to go into much depth. Her papers are easy but the tests are flat out impossible with no curve (there is a 5 point extra credit paper). I would not take her again.
interesting and easyyyyy as pie
POSC Majors! Take this class w/Knickrehm. it's MUCH easier
She seems like a very nice teacher, however classes are extremely boring and lectures are very fast and long. She also wrote on a chalk board so it was barely legible. Her tests were very short and lectures didnt cover some of the questions on the test. Tests were hard and majority of your grade. She also takes a while to grade written assignments
Professor Sulfaro is a very sweet lady. However, her class is boring and each lecture puts me into a deep hibernation. Her exams/assignments are headache inducing and turned me into a Tylenol User. Most importantly, grades are locked and you have no way to see them. So if you enjoy a little extra math you can calculate them on your own time!!
Sulfaro is a nice lady who knows her stuff. Her lectures are pretty boring though and her online class did not have very good structure to it. If you look at her study guides and fill out info on them, you should do well on the tests. Film assignments were stupid and I had to spend money to see the movies. I would try to take someone easier.
Dr Sulfaro is a really knowledgeable person in her field. She is an absolute expert in politics and is very,very smart- too smart. Her class was rough. Tests are harder than they shoulde be. She can be very moody and unwilling to hellp out at times, but on other times she loves too. Getting an A from Sulfaro is almost impossible. Tricky.
sulfaro is mean. she is super smart but way too opinionated. the class was sort of interesting because it was during the obama/mccain race so we watched a lot of current events stuff, but i think it would be awful otherwise. her tests aren't that bad and the papers are pretty easy. even still i would avoid her if you could!
lectures for entire period. talks way too fast, talks way too quiet for a large class, rambles, gives obnoxious study guides for tests. quizzes on monday night movies are ridiculous- questions asked are irrelivant to the topic. the book is terrible, it contradicts it self. for a gened, its a very stressful class.
Class is strictly lecture, and she can be really dull and lackluster. Pay attention to her lectures because those question tended to be the ones I got wrong on the tests. Test questions are about an even mix of textbook material and her lectures. The Monday meetings are incredibly annoying.
class is so easy, do the readings but mostly study her notes and you'll be fine
You are only graded on 3 exams. The first two were both written, no multiple choice. The last exam was the easiest one and it was all multiple choice. He gives "study guides" for the first two exams, however, they are just sample questions, and may not even be on the test. His lectures are good, and would advise not to skip them// read your books.
Dr. Lubert is very knowledgeable and insightful, he is very thorough in class about the different readings we cover. His exams are just an essay completed in a blue book and he gives good feedback on what you did right/wrong. However, this class is a bit dull and he has a harsh attitude towards students who use any technology in class.
Honestly, pretty decent class in terms of what you learn but it will beat ur ass. I had to go back on medication and probably have spent countless nights sobbing over this class because of how harshly he grades and how few assignments make up the grade. Ur final grade is basically ur exam plus ur final paper average. Good luck lol
Dr. Lubert is not a bad teacher, don't let these other reviews fool you. I've had him twice in a row. The classes are reading intensive, but I barely read all of both semesters and got a B and a C. Just be able to write well and you should be okay. He does care about attendance as well. Just try to structure good arguments in your papers.
Lubert is super smart but grades papers very harshly. Do not expect to get an A in the class except on the online quizzes. Definitely must read for this class.
Where do I even begin with old Howie? Clear cut syllabus. 3 short essays (3pgs each), a long essay (7-8), 5 worksheets, and a final. Outlines his lectures based on the readings, so write down everything he says. He is a picky grader; you'll get back a clean essay, but still see a big B+ staring back at you. 330 is an interesting class though!
Overall he is a good teacher. He is very knowledgable and informative during his lecture. I had him twice a week so the lectures were kinda long to sit through. Also you have to take lots of notes quickly too. He gave out 2 quizzes, 2 movieessay assignments, a midterm, and a final. I didn't read the txt book but I read his extra articles.
He's a very nice guy and knows a TON about what he's teaching. I don't like the way he sets up his lectures though--a very brief outline on a word document and then explains everything off the top of his head. there's a ton of note taking and it can get very confusing. he doesn't post notes online so you have to go to class. tests can be hard.
This class was ok until the final. It was near impossible due to strange wording and brought my grade down from a B to a D. Do not take!
He knows his stuff, and teaches well, but If you're not poly-sci and just taking it for the Gen-Ed, AVOID HIM. Almost the entire grade (80%) is based on TWO exams, and they're HARD. Honestly, he's a nice guy, and very approachable, but spare yourself the stress. I've studied a lot for this, but I might not even get a B in the class.
Dr. Lubert is a really nice guy, but this class is dull. This a political philosophy class where he talks about different philosophers. There is rarely any class discussion of the texts. There's also only a midterm and a final, making it hard to get an "A" because he's a tough grader. Overall, it's an easy "B" but it's hard to sit through.
Class is very dry. Lots of reading. If you don't take exceptional notes you're pretty much done for. Interjects personal opinions into lectures more frequently than necessary. However, he is very in to the subject and shows enthusiasm. Don't skip class!
not a horrible teacher. but definitly not what I would call an easy class. It is essential that you do the readings in order to succeed on the tests and sometimes readings would be up to 50 pages a night. Open book texts, and yet it was impossible to get an a. Nice guy, difficult class, but i still managed to get a B, with a lot of effort.
His lectures are pretty good, he tries to relate the material to his students and their time period. He can be a little arrogant at times, but that's because he is a young professor- most of them are like that. Test aren't bad, he gives really good study guides (i've made A's and B's) they're multiple choice, 3 then the 4th is the final. Take him
He's really good professor, but when it comes to take a test, it's a nightmare!!! He really knows what he's talking about, students like him for his lectures, the way they are delivered, very comprehensibly. The Tests are VERY HARD! If you want a professor who delivers lectures very well, take him, if you want easy tests, don't take him! Good luck!
You don't really have to read, but attendance is mandatory to stay ahead. Required 4 short article summaries and 3 tests. This course is doable, but he grades a little hard. The material is a little rough, but I would take him for something else.
Real nice guy! There is alot of reading but you dont have to read it because he goes over everything in class. Pay attention and take good notes and you will do fine. The tests are hard, but he gives study guides for them. Really enjoys teaching this!
Silly class but his personal boringness is overwhelming
I personally did not like this class. Every two week you have to read one of eight books, there is books discussion which is 30+ discussion each with 6 in-depth questions. on top of that 8 discussion lecture videos. four papers essay each about a thousand words and a book presentation for the finals.
The only problem I had was that he wasnt clear with what with how he graded papers. But it wasnt a bad class.
The class was kinda boring, but it is a pretty easy class. There isnt too much work, and most of it is based on completeness.
Dr. Butt has so many incredible stories to share - he's hilarious, and ready to joke with the class. He goes on many a tangent in class. Your grade comes from 20 reading assignments, an essay midterm, a final project, and a research paper. It's doable, and worth it to not have to take the cluster 3 gen eds.
At first, Dr. Butt may come across slightly intimidating; however, if you go to his office hours, he is always willing to help. His lectures are very interesting, and he is very knowledgeable about the subject. He is a pretty harsh grader on the paper and midterm, but there are participation and homework grades that can bring up your grade.
Extremely tough grader especially for a GenEd. He is really nice guy and knows what he is talking about but his tests are essays. You have to do well on all of them because he only gives out 3 tests and it really impacts your grade if you do poorly on one.
I would not recommend taking him for this class. His grading is extremely difficult and test grades are heavily weighted in this class. If you don't do well on one of the test, it will impact your grade heavily.
Butt is a fun professor. He knows a lot about what he is teaching, but he grades SOOO harshly...it's insane! All of his tests are essays, but he expects very specific details that were barely mentioned in class. I would recommend another professor if possible.
There's a reason why other professors in the history department call him Jack Butt instead of John Butt. He is NOT an easy grader at all- he will pick out small errors and mark you down about 10 points.
Dr. Butt is so cute. He wears little bowties to class and he's really funny. The student led class lectures are SOOOOOO boring, but the papers are easy and the class is painless.
Very smart, wants students to understand and think outside of the box, sometimes he can be an anal butt, (pun intended).
great professor! lectures are very entertaining. never read 1 book and still got a B and loved the class, b/c of dr. butt.
GREAT teacher. Makes this boring class very funny and easy to attend. I didn't read a book all year and should be getting a B+. Invest in sparknotes and answer questions in class, its easy.
arrogant as hell, boring (especially at 8 a.m.), attendance counts
Good teacher, funny, not too much work... dont have to read books, booknotes
Too much reading. That's all we did was read and write papers
Eh, proper English gent- has interesting info but expects too much for GenEd
Hes an extremely passionate teacher. But not in the conventional way. If you happen to have this professor just go into it with an open mind. He spits a lot of wisdom but is also quit jarring. He doesnt deserve a 0 rating on here, but not 5 either but thats only due to the fact that he may seem unapproachable. Hesmuch moreunderstanding inperson
okay if I'm being honest every talks poorly of him as a professor and his tests are literally impossible but if you go to his office hours like four times you will get an A. I got a 60 on every test and met with him a few times and ended with an A... make yourself known in his class and outside of it and your set.
The class was all lecture and he tends to get off subject, but it's easy to pick out the important stuff. He teaches about multiple philosophers and said many times that you don't have to agree with what each philosopher says, you just have to understand it. If you can go by that saying and study, you can pass the class easily.
Dr. Debrot does not post grades on canvas and is a rather tough grader. There is no way to know what your grade is until the en dog the semester, but if you participate and go to class he will give you points for that. He is pretty old fashioned and would rather you call him on his house phone than email him.
I got an A in the class. Just take really good notes about EVERYTHING, do not say your opinion and keep quite in class unless you really know the answer and just come across really nice. this class is not impossible
Debrot seems like a nice guy and he is but he tends to shoot down whatever a student says. I just don't say anything haha. But, he tells you what the tests are going to be on (class lectures). I never do the readings and I am sure I have a B+. He isn't too terrible but I wouldn't recommend him.
Professor Debrot is certainly not as bad as his ratings show. Yes, he is difficult, but if you take excellent notes, do the readings, and participate in class you should do fine. Calling him at his house is a must if you are confused about test material - be proactive and take advantage of this opportunity. Only grades are 3 exams.
He really isn't as terrible as everyone else is saying! He only gives one reading for homework each week, and he practically tells you everything that will be on the tests. Just listen and try to say at least one thing per class and you'll get at a high B or A. He repeats things a lot but it helps you remember and not have to study much :)
Nice guy, will probably judge you if you say stupid things. Repeat his lectures in your essay, but note he does not like to give A's too often :( I ended with a B+ and it was kind of demeaning. Reading is easy, and unnecessary as long as you use spark notes, because all he really cares about is what he lectures you on! Take the class, it's decent:)
This class wasn't too bad. Make sure he knows your name, and feel free to call him at home, it may seem weird but that's where I got the most help!! Lectures can get a little boring, but make sure you copy everything down word for word, because that is what he wants in his answers on the exams. 2 written exams plus final.
This professor is not too bad. All you have to do is re-tell him basically everything he told you in lectures. Has a review class before each test which helps. Mandatory attendence. Go to lectures, take very detailed notes and re-tell him those notes on the essay's and you will do fine.
i learned the most from doing seminars. make sure you participate. if he knows your name then youre good. go to his office hours and he'll completely explain everything to you (and it helps him recognize you). I somehow ended up with an A- in the class. regurgitate the lectures he gives into your essays and you'll do fine.
He's a great guy. Generally interesting, but his lectures can get boring. The class is pretty easy though because he pretty much tells you what to study before every test. Come to class, fall asleep, and read the chapters and if you don't get atleast a B, you don't belong at JMU.
He's boring, but the tests are easy. I didn't pay attention in class, and just looked over my notes and got an A-. You people are stupid.
Won't allow you to fix test grades, but will work with you to learn
he loves listening to himself talk.
Learning Python in this class is tough unless you have a coding background. He is a decent teacher but tough grader and I found exams challenging even with Java experience. Very exam heavy with lots of homework that isn't weighted heavily. He's accessible in class but is not good at answering emails. Would recommend only with coding background.
This class a whirlwind, especially at the end of the semester. It was a lot of work and I definitely suffered at times. Dr. Serva is a good professor but most of the class is learning on your own with examples given during lecture. He's there if you need a guide but he will not help you do the actual code. You will be a better coder when you leave
This class is not as difficult as everyone says. Dr. Serva is there to help you and will push you to your limit. If you go to class and do the assignments you will do fine in the class. Good luck and have fun with it!
This class is the hardest class in the major. With that being said, I recommend 3 things: 1. Do the projects with a group or partner 2. Read the textbook for the in class quizzes 3. Start the final project 2 weeks in advance(seriously) I got a C in the class and was almost failing before getting 100 on the final project. He offers little extra credit so if you think you will do poorly take advantage of the opportunity
The subject matter of the class was interesting, but she made it so difficult. There are no other assignments, but you can only determine your final grade based on three tough closed-book exams. Trust me, you don't have time to memorize all of them.
could have been an interesting class but her lectures don't make sense with her exams. sweet lady but extremely confusing materials. No TA until half way through semester and no extra credit. Highest grade on the first exam was a 77.
Dee is a very nice lady, but her tests are ROUGH. You really have to work to get a good grade in the class, even if you go to class and are interested in the course material.
only 3 tests and a quiz. Tests are easy, just do the review sheet and you'll be fine. My final was surprisingly hard but the other tests were easy. one open notebook quiz that most people fail. Don't buy the book, only need it for the quiz that your gonna fail anyway. the class is a little dry but the material is interesting. She uses a notepacket
She's adorable and really passionate about this material. Really interesting stuff. The course packet is set up weird but she usually makes sure everyone is clear. Study guides are exactly what's on the exams, super easy. One open note quiz that was kinda challenging but overall awesome class.
She's a sweet lady it's an easy class if you fill out her study guide. Her lecture is fun to go to, because she is pretty passionate about her subject. Good breath requirement to take for non majors.
Go to class, make sure she knows your name, and you'll definitely get an A.
This course was decent, she gives out review sheets before her exams and they're based off those, just have to look over her powerpoint slides. You don't really need the book, but there's one open book quiz and that's about all you use it for. Useful also for her review sheets if something can't be found from the notes.
Not a bad class, but don't take it if you actually have an interest in the subject matter. Half of her facts are wrong, and contradict pretty much every law class I've ever taken. She even sometimes gets the court cases wrong, forcing you to learn it her way (which isn't the right way). Still a very sweet lady (except for the second test).
Dee is a really sweet lady. The class is easy if you study for the three exams. But there is only three grades, and one quiz grade, so if you mess up one, it's impossible to get your grade up. Tests weren't too bad though. And she is really nice.
easy and fun class overall. we watched tons of video clips and watched movies. she raps before each exam which is AWESOME. i never opened the book, only for the open book quiz. the first 2 tests were SO EASY, but the final exam was actually kind of hard. follow your course packet during lectures, take notes on the side, and you'll be golden.
I love this women! The class was so interesting and after this I took this class I added Comm as my second major! The only thing was that I got As on most of the exams and on the last one I got a B and somehow ended up with only a B+ in the class. Great, easy class though for the most part! Take her! She raps!
Her tests were challenging and her "raps" were all of 30 seconds long and did nothing to help review. The class was interesting, but not as easy as I thought.
One of the easist classes i have ever took. Make sure you get the notes and you wont have to attend or read a single thing. Tests are very easy!
I took CMIS 115 online with Dr. Brown expecting it to be a convenient alternative to a classroom setting. Instead, I found it to be less convenient, as one still has to take tests and assessments at designated testing areas. From the limit contact I've had with him, though, Dr. Brown seems to be an okay guy.
Quizzes and attendance add up in this class. Also, assignments were rarely graded quickly, and I had no idea what my grade was going to be like until the very end of the semester. Also, make sure you bring snacks, because this course is 4 hrs and the films tend to get boring.
I love Carolyn! She is an amazing teacher. I took this class from 6-10 thursday nights but I think that Carolyn was the reason I looked forward to it. If you get to know her a little before or after classes you will be in her favor forever. She is funny and like my artistic soulmate. If you're into theater, art, and movies you'll love her class! :)
She's awfully nice but I wasn't impressed with her skills and knowledge. For instance, she didn't remember who the "French" people were in the Battle of Hastings. (the answer is "The Normans") Also, I don't care for Humanities so my judgement is slightly skewed. :)
She's a good art teacher, the class is always fun and very interesting...she has a dry, sarcastic sort of sense of humor, and she teaches well. We're already getting smarter with all the Mozart she plays! =)
Just do your homework!
Ken is a super cool guys, very 70's. He is funny and really favors the people who like acting too. The midterm and final were a monologue and a dialogue, so if you don't like public speaking, don't take it. This class double-dips for puplic speaking and a participatory visual art. Take it!
If you are above CALC 2 and know your basics, you will pass his class by youtube videos and listening to a few lectures of his(he goes over problems from the book)Know how to solve the book's problems inside and out . Be sure to go to class to turn in HW. His curve is pretty extreme. So 85% of the class passed. He is a really smart and witty guy.
Gove is an excellent teacher for students that are very intelligent. If you aren't of above average intelligence, look for someone else who will foster your lack of ability
Do not take this class for calculus 2. She constantly rushes through material to where you dont understand what the math you are just scrambling to get things down. The tests are extremely hard. She shows 1 problem on zoom and gives you 4-6 minutes to finish it and if you didn't finish it in the 4 minutes too bad.
Student-led learning - the instructor was there only to grade the weekly quizzes and give hints to figuring out any problems. Told this was a "no-homework" class. I have had programming classes before, but I did not finish the modules in the allotted time, and I re-did them before each quiz, the midterm, and final; still unable to finish the final.
Very helpful, enjoyed the class.
She is a hard teacher but calc 2 is a hard class. She uses some big word terminology and the class atmosphere is a little intimidating, but if you consistently work hard you can rack up enough points to pass even if you don't do well on the tests. She has a nice body too.
She is a hard teacher but calc 2 is a hard class. She uses some big word terminology and the class atmosphere is a little intimidating, but if you consistently work hard you can rack up enough points to pass even if you don't do well on the tests. She has a nice body too.
It seemed as though exams had nothing to do with homework. Homework was to practice solving while exams tested your understanding of the conceptual aspects. You go into exams like you know what you're doing and leave feeling like an idiot.
She really knows her stuff. As long as you stay a section ahead of her in your reading, you'll do great. She expects you to do a lot of discovery of the concepts on your own. Her labs and test are VERY hard! She can also be very hard on homework.
Intimidating. Very intelligent, but does not relate to students. Avoid if you can.
He's an interesting guy, but probably a better teacher for Math majors. If you don't enjoy math enough to do the work with very little support from him, try avoiding him (and Rush) if you can.
I have to say he is the most BORING professor I have ever experienced. If you are not an english major dont even bother taking him...you will be dissapointed. His assignments are hard and his chosed text is quite dull.
Overall, good semester. Be prepared to read a lot. Keep up with readings and come to class. Quizes almost every class and essay exam, but lectures can be fun if people read. Thought I would end up with a C, but pulled out an A.
He is very intelligent, but discusses books with the few extremely illegent people in class. Be prepared to read 7 books at a fast pace along with journals. However, I thought I had a horrible grade, but I actually had a solid A. A lot of work, but if u keep up with reading it's not difficult.
He is a very tough teacher, but if you take the time to complete the required readings and attend classes, you will learn a great deal. If you are looking for a cakewalk class, this is not the one for you. If you want a challenge, here's your guy!
This class sucks. If you have a choice, don't take it, it's hard. Maybe if he didn't refer to his "8 books" that he's written, it wouldn't be so bad. Do not take this class if you do not want to think, 'cause the endless reflective essays do
The class is very hard. However, Dr. Lunsford will help you if you go to his class. Don't let the work scare you and you will do fine.
Prof. Roberson's class is one of the easiest classes I've taken, but you've got attend class. He gives handouts that you will need for homework and hw is mandatory, only because it helps. If you do what you're supposed to, you'll get an A. I will say Roberson is one of the nicest and most understanding professors here at JMU and I LOVE his class!
Easy and funny teacher. He can't hear well, so if you are the type of student who asks a lot of questions, sit near the front. Be patient with him. You might hate him for being so old at first, but he is a really sweet man. Tests are pretty easy, but there is homework every night
This is the easiest class I have ever taken. I am horrible at math and I have not received lower then a 92 on anything. There are a lot of grades and the material is extremely easy. Class is definitely boring and he takes attendence, but he always lets you out at least 20 minutes early. If you need an easy math absolutely take him!!
Good teacher, nice guy, so don't take advantage of his niceness! Tests aren't hard if you study for them, but he threw a curveball with the final- totally different format than what we had all semester. Even though its not mandatory, do the homework and the study guides.
he's the man. i love him. goofy old guy, but he has a good heart. he'll make fun of you in a heartbeat though... stay on his good side. tests are pretty easy, very particular though. it's like elementary school all over again. TAKE HIM for an easy A and learning at the same time.
easy material, easy class. he goes over things a million times, so even if you suck at math (like me) you'll be okay. he kinda gets pissed and frusterated when you ask questions, probably because the material is so easy, but overall hes a nice guy. definitely take him for a math gen-ed
He is the best teacher if you have to take this class. 4 tests and 4 projects plus a notebook grade. Little homework every night, but tests are very clear.
A bit hard to understand at first but you get used to the accent. Not bad as everyone says he expects a lot but he will help you out when you have a questions. Tests are easy projects are rough. If you work a bit you will get a good grade.
Really nice guy but, his teaching is meh at best. He breezes through his lecture slides during class unless you ask him to go over the math. Gives you a sample exam before the exam, but the material is only a fraction of what's on actual the exam. Don't forget to do your homework, it's worth as much as the tests.
This guy is getting killed for all the wrong reasons. You can understand him about as well as the average American college undergraduate, except he is from India; what is your excuse? He's a nice guy and grades reasonably but the problem is he assigns too much work. If you're a full-time working MBA, sorry.
he was a very sweet man.. but sooooooo boring and wont let u use ur laptops which was sooo annoying.. nice guy though.. but get ready to do alot of work for the stupid micromatic project
If you attend class(very important) and follow what is in the syllabus(everything is spelt out of what he wants),you will do well.He curves his quizzes and is willing to help if he is asked.I highly recommend and don't let the bad comments throw you off.
She is mad helpful, but it is hard to grasp what she means when she says, "Degenitive"
He is definitely not easy at all. He usually make up numbers (for in-class examples), which confuses students when you go back in your room trying to study with the book. Also, you definitely have to set time to study on your own because he doesn't play, it's either you know it or you don't (you can't be in between for all accounting classes).
Johnny Brown is a good professor who teaches sufficiently. However, at least once per class, his computer crashes and Dr. Brown just stands on the stage like a lost puppy waiting for the tech team to fix it. This wouldn't be a problem if it didn't waste 2-5 minutes of class and wasn't in the middle of a problem. Overall good professor.
Some methods he introduced in class were not the easiest and most efficient one.
Very cool and very funny guy. Knows his stuff and teaches it well. His labs were not too bad and they were even better if you got to teach them. Nice once you get to know him. Would definitely reccomend the class and him as a teacher.
.
Dr. Haas is a very funny, passionate elderly gentleman. He has absolutely no online resources, so you have to go to class to take notes and get updates on exams and such. The entire grade is comprised of two 60ish question true or false exams. The questions on the exam can be almost a paragraph long, and hard to understand. Get ready to read cases
funniest and most engaging professor.so opinionated so it makes the class more interesting. he is HYSTERICAL and makes you WANT to go to class because he teaches the material so well. DO THE READING, though! it's like 50% of the tests. tests are pretty hard though, so study. know ALL the cases and the reading. GREAT course altogether i loved it
He is so funny - lectures keep u awake - have to do all the reading and take good notes - not an easy A
Overall good class, I think if you have a background in criminal justice, it is much easier. But, if you put forth the effort, do all the readings, and go to class, it shouldn't be that difficult. Makes lectures interesting!
the guy may make some funny jokes but he's a jackass and more cocky than any teacher i've ever had
He's crazy. Makes class semi-interesting but gives lots of statistics to remember. Okay class to take if you need to.
Good teacher. You will learn alot. Must read very closely and take detailed note
I think he is one of the nicest/coolest/interesting professor i have had.
awesome guy...so funny. Go to class, you will need notes to do well on exams
Very interesting, keeps you awake, definitely learn alot
very smart guy, class requires some work, good to attend lecture, interesting
4 Words: "SOOOOO THAT, SOOOOO THAT!!!"
These people are mad, the exams more difficult than the problems worked in class and for homework. Very funny but moves extremely fast. Heads up, the format for all of the exams are: (1) T/F questions, (2) problem solving, & (3) application questions.
You people are on crack. Tests R hard as heck-!!
Professor Vainberg really cares about his students. He gives his lectures in real-time through pen and paper. At the beginning of the lecture, he would take some time to help with homework questions, so I recommend starting the homework early. The grading scale is great. You will use WebAssign which has many resources to help you with homework.
So, the saving grace of this class is that an A is 85-100, B is 70-85, and C is 55-70. He has a thick Russian accent but his English is very good. Webwork for homework and usually one quiz per week. These will make or break your grade. He does practice tests, but only about 40% of those same problems end up on the tests. Super nice guy though.
He thoroughly explained all of the topics, but his exams were way too short. We literally had 2 exams that were 8 questions long. If you miss one question, that's automatically a B.
He does have an accent, but honestly, it's not hard to understand him. His practice test are very close to actual test, he's willing to help and answer questions if you ask. He can get ahead of himself sometimes during lecture and will skip steps, but he'll explain if you just raise your hand and ask. If you study, you should be fine.
Ok. So he has a strong Russian accent and his voice is rather low and gruff. Sit near front to hear him, you will get used to the accent eventually. His grading scale is amazing. 52C If you go to class, pay attention, do the homework, and actually try, you should do fine. Calculus is a beast, but he has made it easy as possible.
Dr. Vainberg is a great Calculus teacher. Calculus is tough, there is no getting around that, but he makes it manageable. If you do all of the homework, come to all of the classes, and look for additional help when you need it you will do fine. I have actually declared a second major in Mathematics because of Dr. Vainberg. Very smart.
Calc is hard but he made it passable. I got a C and that's what I was hoping to get. Sit near the front so you can hear him better. His methods of solving are easier than the text but if you miss class, get the notes from someone because the text might be harder to follow. Boris is a good professor.
Classes were a little boring, lots of material covered. Tests are easy if you work hard and understand what's going on. Quizzes are easy, drops lowest 2. You can make a 72% in the class & make a B as a final grade!
He gives sample tests that are EXACTLY like the actual test and goes over how to do every problem
Professor Vainberg was an excellent professor and I highly recommend taking him. I was very nervous about taking calculus, but I went to class each day and did the homework and was able to pass the class with a B. He goes out of his way to help his students and is passionate about teaching. One of the best professors at UNC-C!
He is a very good professor! He really cares about the students which is rare. I was horrible in Math, Took his business Calc and made an A. Have a little patience AND DO THE HOMEWORK and you'll for sure pass. The Practice exams are AWESOME. Great guy.
Boris is a little bit hard to understand at first, but you get used to his accent. He gives a TON of opportunities to succeed in his class. Honestly, if you do what you're supposed to as a student (go to class, do the homework, etc) then you will make an A. Study guides are almost the same as the tests. I got an A and I'm horrible at math.
He teaches mainly grad/PhD classes so every "example" he tries to give you is always over your head. His accent is quite strong, but I got used to it as the semester went on. Grading scale is easier, but the material is really hard. Textbook SUCKS. Tests rarely reflected what he taught. Final is insane. Don't take if you don't plan to work for a B
I've take calc twice now and I loved this professor! He thoroughly explained everything and always answers your questions. Yeah, he has an accent but if you take 2 extra seconds to listen you'll understand everything. besides, it's math people not english; give him a break.
He is a very sweet person however, his accent is heavy and it is really hard to follow him at times. The only reason I have an A in the class is because I took the class in high school.
you may think at first impression that this class will be awful, but just stick it out. he has a funny accent, but can understand it after awhile. he gives a lot of hw and quizzes every wed, butttt he gives out a study guide b4 the test that pretty much IS the test! just go 2 class and pay attention and do hw, you will be fine!
Hard to understand his accent. Nice man, tries to help you understand. Difficult material! he will give you a chance to improve your grade.
Would not reccommend
helpul guy but very hard to understand and stay focused in class. will work with you
It's a tough class, not for the faint of heart. True his accent is thick but he's more than willing to help you or find someone to help you outside of class.
Has a thick Russian accent, but understandable. Very patient and helpful
This class is 3 papers, 3 tests, and about 10 small assignments. If you follow the directions and put a little effort for assignments and papers, you'll get an A on those. The tests are hard, they are based on his lectures and the textbook. He is a very kind professor and caring, on assignments you can get up to 110 which is nice. Decent professor.
Don't skip class.
I learned a lot in this class however it was a lot of work. You can get by without the text book but it helps to read it if you want to do well on the tests. He comes off a little rude sometimes because he is particular about how he wants things done. I would probably take a different professor if I could retake this class. Not horrible, not great
Dr. Kerr is a tough professor, but he cares tremendously for his students. If you are sensitive to feedback then this is not the professor for you; however, if you are willing to accept feedback and learn from it then he is wonderful. Regardless, this professor will prepare you for the business world.
This is College not high school and he grades accordingly. EVERY mistake will be found and points taken off for that mistake. The resume assignment is the easiest one. Just go to the carreer center, easy A on at least one assignment.
I took him and Dixon-Brown together. People think he grades hard but if you follow the outlines there is no reason not to make an A. Make have to pay attention to detail and read the book for the test. I got an A but it wasn't easy at all ... especially with the group project.
Okay professor. He is a very good speaker. Tests are okay, some of the assignments are not fair. Easy 'B'.
Not a bad class or professor, kind of interesting material... put a little time and work and you will def get a B... very hard to make an A though
this class is a necessary evil. at least the tests are easy. You have 3 tests, several hw assignments, 3 projects (oral, interview, report)
Face it, the class is terrible - but required. While Kerr and teaching partner aren't great, they may very well be the lesser of all evils.
tough grader but helpful. funny, work hard on presentations
He's a nice professor. Very quiet speaker so sit in the front. Sometimes he confuses himself but if you go to class and pay attention you will do fine.
I took his class thinking it was going to be easy. He is VERY confusing. Need to go to class to understand what is going on. He is very unclear and not very helpful!
There's a reason why the math department here isn't doing so well, it's professors like him! Sure helps the best he can, but that doesn't mean anything if he doesn't do well teaching his class. He skips A LOT and doesn't cover everything for the DEPT MADE exam. Wish you luck. For Statistics, the other classes are ok, just not this one.
He's a very nice guy, and very intelligent outside of the classroom. He has a little trouble conveying that intelligence to the board, but overall if you come to class and pay attention to his study guides for tests, you will make it out with a pretty good grade. He is really helpful when you have a question, and is readily available outside class.
is an ok class, good teacher if you hang in there and start to understand him, class is boring though, but it's calculus, is it supposed to be fun? I would recommend, but you just need to hang in there the first few days to start understanding him, thick accent
Fairly easy class.. just study the quizzes on the website and the graphs. He's a jerk though if you try to even ask a question - very terse and not very helpful.
He gets a lot of crap for being boring but he really is a good teacher. I took him for Managerial Economics and I learned a lot! His tests are only 25 questions and he does drop one test even if its your final! Very clear and systematic!
tucker is the man. he lives for economics, even though the topic sucks. test are only 25 questions and he drops the lowest test grade. majority of test questions come from online study quizes and past tests if you can get them. you shouldnt even go to class, just go to class the day before the test and get the numbers to online practice quizes.
NO hw, tests come strait off the online quiz's and if you can get your hands on an old test, they are great too. I only study 1 hour before a test and I am running a B average right now. dont bother reading the book. take notes and show up to every class. can be boring and monotone. bring your ipod.
Lectures are boring, you take notes. 4 tests overall. Study notes and you'll do pretty good. Don't need to buy book.
This guy knows his stuff! Very southern and sarcastic. Don't ask questions if you aren't prepared to be embarassed. Gives a great curve. You will do good if you go to class and pay attention...
He can be funny at times, makes fun of students when they speak out,tests are a little confusing but you will do fine if you study-take good notes, gives alright curves, if you don't see well sit in front-it's hard to make out words from back.
had over 100 average...just study notes from class and get above 100
he curves... but you still gotta study hardcore.
Very boring but way too easy....no attendance....definatly take this guy
quite possibly the easiest class youll take....20 point curves on some tests
Beware of the 3rd test..its hard..I got 3 A's and 1 D!
Class is a bit of a bore, but he's funny and the tests are easy.
Class is on the boring side. Test questions come right from study guides.
If you're a music major you have to take this class. If you're not a music major and are considering it make sure you already have a strong music foundation and that you want to do a lot of work. If not, don't take this class. He'll says otherwise, but he obviously thinks this is the most important class you will ever take and assigns tons of work.
HESSSSS AWESOMMMMEE! he's a really nice guy:-)
Chemistry in itself isn't an easy subject, but his lectures are engaging and even funny sometimes; he is definitely the best lecturer for 141. His quizzes are hard and even tricky though, so its a give and take. Overall a really nice guy, and approachable
hardest class of my life. i cried after every quiz. chem is most def not my thing. harman is all about CONCEPTS. and everything is from effing thinkwell.
Harman IS a great guy, and tries to make lectures fun and interesting, but by no means was the class easy... quizzes do not always follow what you've learned in lecture.
horibble teacher. too smart to explain the subject to students. knows it very well, just cant teach. accused me of cheating on an exam because he didnt believe that he graded it wrong and thought i wrote the work in after the exam was handed back. lots of matlab work, which is not thoroughly explained
Very nice guy. I am sure when he is not your professor he is not condescending! I would go to office hours and ask him questions and the feeling I got being in there was a sort of lonelyness. He did not really help that well at all. Very distant. That said, his lectures were clear and he is funny but tests are extremely difficult. Good luck
if your looking for an easy grade, dont take rossi. I took calc in HS, got AP credit and know my stuff. I wanted an easy first semester grade. due to his 8 question exams, i am now sitting at about a C plus. He is a good teacher and knows what he is talking about, unlike my TA
Terribly hard class, and I'm a math person. As said before, Rossi seems sort of "distant" when you go to office hours. Most of the time when I went I felt like he didn't really help me with the problem that I had, he more or less forced me to figure it out myself--- which might just be the way he teaches. For me it just wasn't how I like to learn.
I thought he was a nice person, but always seemed very distant when I need help.
Nerdy, but he knows his stuff. Go to class and if you're good in math ur fine
tests are harder than he thinks they are, not like homework problems
Easy, but very childish and boring, has potential, but has a lot to learn
He is a grad student. Keep that in mind.- Write an A paper- You WILL get a B.
He is be a good teacher (before u meet him).
Class wouldn't have been very hard if it was easier to pay attention in class. Like people have said she isn't the best lecturer. Her tests aren't the hardest and the book is a decent supplement if you don't get the lectures. Plus she is nice. Just harder than it should have been because its THAT boring.
The classes are extremely slow and boring. You can get A's And B's on her exams by extensivily studying your notes, I did not once open the book.
This class is pretty interesting, so I can usually stay awake during it. However, I have 4 power hours in a row, early in the morning, and this is my last class....so sometimes I fall asleep. The fact that she has the most calming and monotone British accent in the world doesn't help my ability to stay awake....but sometimes when I'm suffering from insomnia i wish I could hear her lecture, cuz I'd be able to pass out easily. Overall....easy class. I spent 2 hours studying for the first test and got top 10%
I slept through her classes because she went so slowly. She puts her notes online, though, and with them it made attendence almost completely unnecessary. The attendence quizzes were pointless. Very easy class, with a very easy curve.
Her accent put me to sleep constantly, especially when covering sleep.
If you need to take compsci 101 and your not an IST or Compsci major, take this class! Its the easiest A. If you can watch and pay attention you get an "A". There are 3 exams. If you get a 67 avg on 2 tests and go to class your guaranteed an A. This class fills up fast. If its full send an email and ask to be put in and he'll put you in.
Al Verbanec isn't a bad teacher. He seems kind of lazy, but he does hold plenty of homework help sessions - but the entire course revolves around 5 pretty easy homework assignments. He doesn't seem the most dedicated or caring professor; he certainly dismisses a lot of stuff that some teachers would teach us - but he certainly isn't bad.
His classes are easy as heck, but only average quality
Wang is not the best at teaching but he will answer any question you have. He will push you more than other professors. Hard work, but you learn a ton by the end of the course. Exams are worth a lot, very hard but curved. Project requires a lot of work but you will be very proud when it's over. Great to talk about/ show to interviewers.
The class was incredibly hard, but IST students are notorious for their lack of effort outside the classroom and therefore I know personally with more effort I could have done much better. There was a huge curve applied (a 75% became an A). He definitely knows what he's doing, but I think the blame rests more on the students for the struggling.
Don't bother going to class, don't bother buying the book. Just look over the powerpoints online and do all the practice exams. If you do the practice exams and practice tests. You can't fail. You just have to teach yourself everything. You can use a page of notes on exams and two pages on the final so there should be no reason to fail. I got a 3.5
not alot of fun, quizzes on friday for attendance
Every time he talked, I wanted to fall asleep. Dark, soft lighting and relaxing chairs didn't help the situation. Mildly difficult, but I wasn't interested in the material at all.
Although this class was easy enough, the lectures are spread out and so hard to find on D2L. This class was beyond unorganized. The tests were random questions that even after studying I didn't know. The professor is nice and a bit quirky, but it doesn't matter because the material was easy but so unorganized this class was NOT an easy A.
You will feel rushed on exams if you don't study. Need to know your stuff!
Missing this class is not a good idea. She springs these small little assignments during class that you can only do if you attended. The tests are kind of hard, but only because all the information on them are from the book and not the lecture slides. I didn't do too great in this course, but it's not too hard.
She's a good professor and tries to keep class fun. you definitely must pay attention to get good notes for the test. we don't use the textbook but it does help to look over the chapters and use for the quizzes and tests. all tests are open note, open book, and open friend so it's basically cheating but because of that, the tests can be hard.
Janice provides the lectures a day before hand and some mandatory class periods where there is in class assignments. There is no final and all of the tests are open book and open note. You can also pair up with others but the exams are random, and it's complicated to do it with other people. I have never used the textbook, but its required.
This was my first ad class taken at MSU, and as far as I was concerned, professor Bukovac was alright. The lectures were sort of boring but she would through up some entertaining commercials and we got out early a lot. Her notes are unorganized though, which became frustrating.
Oh Jan... Well let's just say that she's a kooky lady. She knows what she's talking about but sometimes she's a little hard to pay attention to. Just make sure you stay off facebook while in her class, and take notes. When it comes to the final exam, work with a group of people or a partner because it makes the test process a breeze. good prof!
He is very passionate about CJ. Most lectures are very interesting. You need to read textbook and attend class to answer all questions on exams. 20%-30% of exam topics are not included in lecture. Does not provide power points online. Take good notes. Know your Bill of Rights. If you read and show up to class you'll do fine.
Smart man. He jumps around on subjects so he's a little hard to follow during class but his tests are usually straight forward. And if you have questions, he's usally very easy to approach and very helpful when you do.
If you do what he says and take part in the class you'll get a good grade. He really does want his students to learn something.
I took his introduction to solciology course back in 1972. Best thing that i ever did at NEIU.
easy class, but i just want to learn something! i like to feel like i'm in college.
Tests are way too difficult for a 2 credit class.
this class is so painfully dull, I might as well point a nail gun at my temples
Found it hard to respect her. Drove me nuts
overall the class was pretty good but got his got a little old towards the end... as for him being hot, sorry guys, i dont think so! he's a troll! for me, its a turn-off when someone is so desperate for approval...
Ok, this guy doesnt teach Russian History. He teaches Foreign Languages. But that didnt prevent him from making an appearance in Russian History one day, dressed as a WWI Russian Soldier and speaking Russian. It was hilarious and a bit scary.
weird......very weird
Learned more from teaching myself out of the textbook than from going to class. Lectures are dull and very vague. Definitely need to study to get a decent grade on tests. She means well and is very kind, but not the best at teaching biology for non-biology majors.
Dr. Walsh is a very nice lady. This class isn't too hard, but it definitely requires studying. You need to go to class because she gives clicker participation points. the class is on capture and its a big lecture hall so if you miss its not a huge deal.
She's nice and a fair teacher. There are iClickers but you can get away with skipping. The class definitely requires some studying.
A nice woman but doesn't know what she's teaching. Notes are all over the place and takes clicker attendance (and grades you on clicker questions. Not an easy class and tests are completely unrelated to lecture and textbook notes.
It was a bit hard but if you went to class, took notes, and studied you can pass. She uses clickers and has "learning guides" which are like study guides for each chapter. She loved what she taught but it could be confusing for a non-major. Lectures could be boring but they are on course capture. She really wants you to understand the material
This class was hard for a 100 level and it being mostly a mandatory course. I took it online & it was harder than normal. You watch lectures on canvas & take the mindtap quizzes. Exams are hard but all multiple choice. The textbook is 100% mandatory. The exams are literally based off the textbook. Not a fan of this course.
Honestly, this class covered a lot of info from my 10th grade honors bio class. you do have to study for exams, but everything is pretty clear. I really enjoyed this class She has a curriculum and sticks to it, because she's done this for years. I would recommend
Do NOT read the textbook to study, rewatch the classes you struggled with and retake notes. The textbook has a lot of information, most of which she does not cover in classon tests. She ONLY tests on class information. If you put in the effort, you'll get the grade you want. Lab final is difficult, which is annoying.
I took this course upon the basis that I really enjoyed Bio in highschool. I thought it would be an interesting course that I already had a background in so I would be OK. Dead wrong. Walsh's tests are cynically tricky and incredibly difficult. Not to mention the "lab" portion of the course was like pulling teeth. Please, non-majors, avoid.
I liked this class. You have to get the clicker points in class but the best way I learned was by reading the book the day before the test. You're allowed laptops in class which is good and you can go to a later lecture if you miss your time.
She's a nice teacher, but the material is hard to grasp if you aren't naturally good in Biology/forget info you learned in High School. Notes directly follow the textbook; come to class. She has clicker questions and explains confusing info from the textbook. Tests are hard to get used to. Mastering Bio/clicker q's significantly help your grade.
She's pretty nice. Don't talk in her class she hates that. She has clicker questions every day so make sure you go to class. Lab was easy I got an A and got a B + for the class. Exams can be tricky just make sure you really know the material.
Considering that this is a 100 level class, it's pretty difficult. I took two years of advanced bio in high school and I got a C in this class. The tests are difficult and not easy to study for. If I could do it again I wouldn't have taken this class.
Kind of annoying but not to hard, she's okay at teaching but not the best
Super easy. She does the best she can to make the material interesting and she's pretty nice. Go to class for clicker points and know the textbook (which is super easy to understand) and you should to fine. It's a college class so you can expect that she'll word things to trick you on the test, but if you studied, you'll know it.
Prof. Walsh is OK. Lectures are definitely boring, but there's not much you can do with the basics of biology. She posts her PPTs online, so you can download them before class and take notes in the notes section (I would suggest this so you're not typing everything already written on the slide). Tests are 50~ multiple choice and a little difficul
She's okay. doesn't really influence how you do in the class in my experience- I did all the work and learning/studying on my own. Try to keep up with the reading cause otherwise it can get overwhelming and there's a lot of material. Take advantage of the textbook website!
This class is pretty hard because there's soooooo much material to cover. She moves pretty quickly through the material, so if you fall behind on the readings, you're pretty screwed for the test. She's really nice and helpful though, so if you read the book, come to class and study, you'll do fine. She's pretty fair with tests too.
Class wasn't too difficult, she is a good teacher and going into tests you feel you are ready but many of her questions are confusing, some are worded tricky and some have multiple answers that could be correct, 3 multiple choice tests, drops lowest, cumulative final, don't bother buying the book, just look over/print out and study the slides
Professor IS nice, but lectures are often taught as if the class is a Bio major. If you don't need the class, I would say choose an easier lab for Group D. Also, you don't absolutely NEED to buy the text, I barely used it. I suppose that's a matter of preference. Overall, OK class, but not the easiest
AWESOME!!!! She is pretty easy and follows the book exactly. I had to study a lot for the tests but i did well on them. Shes also very nice!
umm seems nice at the beginning but when your .9 points away from a C- and attended everyclass and every activity....not so nice..take bio with some1 else
meh....not bad, but not astounding. She runs through the powerpoints extremely fast, and I didn't actually learn anything from them anyway, I just relied on the book. Some of the test questions were kind of misleading, but on the whole weren't terrible. If you can take the class with somebody easier...go for it.
nice lady .. but the class is hard if you are not interested in science .. gets too much in to details i think ...the tests are rather difficult..pay attention in class even though you already have the slides she goes over..
I found it more helpful to outline chapters than actually listen to her lectures, but she gives pop quizzes in class every now in then. I took the class for a Group D requirement and I thought it was hard, but maybe English majors dont belong in Biology...
Do not fall behind; the course can be painful if you do. Otherwise, it should be easy for most people. Lab Ta was nice, but labs did not coincide with lectures. Drops lowest test score (++++). Adds participation and hw points.
This is a typical class, a lot of people, boring as ****.She tries to make you learn but it doesn't really help unless you like bio.She's probably better than other professors and the class material isn't that hard.All the notes are online, pretty easy.
Boring Boring lectures!!! But how do you make Biology fun? Very organized in notes and gives you helpful things online....but almost robotic like..could she be one?
Really nice lady but exams are ridiculously hard!!! Lab is real easy, just go and you're guaranteed to have an A. Lectures are interesting at first and then get boring and redundant after awhile.
it was so much easier to sleep in my own bed than go all the way to her class and do it
if she wasn't so boring, she wouldn't have to do the whole "taking attendance via in-class assignments" thing
You have to go to class... and it is boring.. but if you do you will get an easy A. Informative class, Walsh is nice. Easy group D.
Very nice teacher, but tests are hard. Read the text and go to classes.
bio is bio, teach it to yourself and she wont give you problems
boring
boring, takes attendence, overheads directly from book, nice though
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
nice..judgemental..pretty easy...attendance is optional
study notes throughly and read chapters; nice lady but boring at times
Good lecturer but a lot of notes to learn for each exam
Have 3 tests, drop the lowest one, easy homework's, class=really boring
must pay attention, must attend lectures, tests fairly difficult, nice curves
too much work for just a group D requirment
boring ;ectures but go to class, easy notes, read chap, drops lowest, nice lady
easy but way to many overheads. they can make you dizzy after awhile
Real boring-I fell asleep everyday. Easy class though
Really confusing guy, but extremely nice. He wants you to do well in his class and cares but lectures are a little all over the place. 20% of your grade is volunteering at operation hope which is a really cool aspect. 4 short papers(1-2pg), 2 midterms, and a final group paper. He also cancels class a like twice a month, great Econ elective!
he is a very nice guy and wants the best for his students. however i found it difficult to really understand anything he would lecture about. he gave very little homework just 5 excel assignments. be prepared to teach yourself a lot of the material. if you study a lot you will be fine
leclair is the man. i was awful at microeconomics and managed to get a B in his macro class. he gives a copy of a like test prior to the test. the textbook is not mandatory, only for review and he gives out an outline for each lecture. attendance is not mandatory
Leclairs the most understanding and lenient teacher ever. Doesn't give tests or quizzes on Friday cause he knows everyone is hung over, gives you practice tests that are practically identical to the test, and grace periods on handing in assignments. He can be unclear and vague at times but so easy to get a good grade is you put in some effort.
Brilliant man trapped by vocal chords frequently fighting against him. Easy test
Hard to understand, but very helpful
Nice and funny guy but kind of hard to follow. Do the homework because that is what the tests are based off of.
Econ is a tough class but he is one of the best professors to teach it. His tests are based off of homework but you still need to study. He doesnt take attendance but if you skip class you will be lost in the class. Pay attention too. Goes off topic sometimes but he's funny. He's the only professor that makes econ somewhat understandable
He is pretty funny and can be entertaining at times, tries really hard for everyone to understand but he kind of intimidates students that way. His tests are very hard therefore you are expected to study a lot especially from hw assignments. Attendance is not mandatory however, if you dont go you wont understand much. he never mentioned curving.
I really liked this professor as a person and he is very intelligent on the subject, really tries to explain well. But, I would avoid taking again because he spent more time with personal stories, jokes and ending early rather than spending more time on material. There is a lot of hard material to cover and he covers so little in class
professor baytas is a nice guy but the content is just difficult. there's four hws, 3 exams and attendance is not mandatory. the exams are pretty hard if you don't understand economics well.
Dont take unless you test well
He is one of the greatest professors which is why I took him for both micro and macro. There are 3 tests and he gives study guides. During class he is very interactive. Gets a little distracted but only when he notices the class getting distracted. Take him!
Good class and great professor. He has an accent, but you get used to it pretty easily. The class can be tough if you don't attend the class or don't take notes. He is there for you if you need any help and truly cares about his students. One of the best professors, but you have to work for the grade. 3 tests total, attendance not mandatory.
TAKE HIM!! He doesnt assign any homework, the only grades you get are based on three exams. He doesnt allow any extra credit but he gives detailed study guides and tells you exactly what will be on the tests. He's really cool and will help you with any questions you have. He curves grades too so just study and do okay on tests!
Only lazy, self-entitled students bomb this class. Baytas isn't the best professor and he is far from tactful. He is, however, a professor that understands the subject and knows that college is about the student teaching the student. Professors are just guides on the knowledge path. Help yourself and don't blame the professor if you fail.
Dr. Baytas is a great teacher. If you are lazy i wouldnt take him. Expects students to study and do work on own time. No homework, just read. Tests arnt bad, just do a lot of review problems. Overall classes were fun, and teacher was funny. Its a fairly easy topic if you put in the effort. I would rec. someone to take this class
he knows what he is talking about but he has a really hard time explaining it. his notes are all over the place. his kinda of a crazy fun guy but i dont really recommend him.
Baytas is okay. He is at times unclear with his words. He gives 3 Exams-30%each, 1 paper-10% of grade. Attend not Mandatory, but necessary if you want to do well. Study REALLY HARD for his exams. Lectures are good and funny. Do the Review sheets and go to him to make sure you have the right answers for the review sheets. Okay Professor, not great!
Definitely knows what he is talking about but very hard. He is really nice and funny but sometimes is hard to understand. As long as you attend class and read the book it can be easy. His exams are pretty hard and the paper is easy.
professor baytas is great professor, hard class and he makes a lot of jokes....you need to read and study to do well.. attendance is not mandatory but if you want to pass then you should go to class... its not an easy A but i recommend him if you want actually want to learn!
Great professor. Sometimes lectures can be hard to follow.. Tests are challenging, but you learn the material. Very genuine, kind person. Also he was very very funny a little quirky and even told a Steven Wright joke!!
If you want just pass it without hard working - don't take this class because it not easy at all. However, if you want to understand material - this is the best way to do so. This professor is an exelent. He explain every single step. You will spent at the class exacly the time what it should be, no 1 min less.
He's a great teacher; however tests are difficult... I think anyone really interested in econ should take this prof. b/c he really cares about students learning and understanding... be prepare to study really really hard!
Great professor. He takes some getting use to, but give him a chance. He has a way of making the material sink in. Very knowledgeable man. Take him if you want to learn! It is a hard class and his tests are very hard and very tricky. You need to know the material, but can do well if you apply yourself. All in all, a good experience!
He's tests are extremely hard, and hardly anyone can pass them, but he gives a huge curve for every one of them. He tries to go at a pace that the whole class can stay with.
this guy is really hard and so are his tests, but he puts that into consideration and puts a huge curve on his grades. you will learn a lot about economics, though his lectures are really long and boring
nice guy.. means well but neveer went to class because he broed me so much..got a b though i never want. just read book and you'll be fine. use your common sense. i could have goten an a if i had gone to class probably
He is a nice professor but tends to get off track.If you study hard for this class i think you will do ok. On the first test everyone but 4 people failed. But that was because no one studied. Be careful on his tests because he likes to use trick questions. If you need help on anything he is there. If you can study take him!
I took his class over the summer. If you can't get at least a B in his class you don't deserve to be in college. He is a fair teacher and his lectures are quite clear. Funny too.
Good teacher but exams were pretty hard. He worked with us to come up with a decent curve though. He's spontaneous which is sometimes funny and sometimes annoying, but hes a good teacher overall and cares about the students.
cool guy, kept the class very interesting, but the exams were pretty rough
This class switched to online halfway through, which was easier because most of your grade comes from essays and in-class discussions. Once online, there were two Canvas discussion boards every week, which means everyone got participation. His grading is very partial to his own taste and he doesn't use rubrics. He's passionate about the subject.
Starting with positives, I enjoyed class discussions and learned how to write papers in a different way that's pretty effective. However, I definitely found the volume of reading assigned to be very intimidating. I'd also say he's a harsh grader but if you write in the way he wants he's usually better. Very passionate, but a little extreme.
The grade is basically based off of midterm, final, and two papers. Very lecture heavy and most of the test material are based on lectures. He'll add a lot from a lecture most of the class doesn't show up to. As long as make your self-known in discussion section then your grade won't be that bad.
Dr. Reich is friendly enough. Two papers and two written exams makes up the majority of the course. Attendance is not mandatory, but you'll fail if you don't go as the exams are primarily based off lecture material and what he says during them. Accessible outside class. Sometimes asks confusing questions, but overall, I had a neutral experience.
This class is a lot of work because it is 4 credits. He is a pretty good professor but the midterm and final are essay based so they are pretty hard. Make sure to pay attention in class and do the readings for the discussion sections because the midterms and finals are based off of those documents.
Reich is a great guy and is passionate about history. Most of the class is discussion about the readings, this class was good but not one of my favorites.
History 225 with Dr. Reich is a lot more difficult compared to other History professors. The class is based all on writings and 14 quizzes. He is a very hard grader and you need to know the material really well in order to do good in this class. The midterm and final questions were impossible. Participate in discussion or your grade will tank.
Very easy to listen to, though the lectures get long in Tuesday and Thursday classes. Very clearly knows what he is talking about, and makes the history more that just facts to memorize. I will be taking him again.
Reich makes things more difficult than they need to be. A lot of material to cover so you read two chapters each week then take a quiz on that reading. There are documents and questions on those documents you need to answer for each class. Then there is a discussion section with reading more documents and questions. He's nice but RAMBLES.
Extremely intelligent man who made this class very interesting. While it was a lot of work, I learned so much and actually enjoyed discussions.
HIST 395 is a hard class no matter who you have, but Dr. Reich is a good teacher to have, especially if you like the American South. Reich will go out of his way to help you, if you show that you have put in time and effort into it before you go to him. He comes off as a bit pretentious, but he is actually a pretty friendly guy.
I came into this class with high expectations and was disappointed. He's very liberal and it shows, so don't take unless you want to listen to that point of view for an entire semester. The class had way too much reading for a GenEd Class as well.
Really Good class, as long as you are willing to read and are willing to talk in class. Midterm, final were both 2 short answer and an essay. No tests, 2 papers, and online journal. The class was kinda boring sometimes, but Reich makes it somewhat more interesting. He's willing to help you with problems you have about papers or whatever.
His lectures can sometimes be boring but attendance isnt required so all you have to do is get a buddy and switch off going to class. Discussions are mandatory but you only have to read 2/3 of the documents and you'll be fine. The tests are kind of hard but the essay was so easy I wrote it the night before and got an A.
If you do not like, or are not good at, history, I would NOT recommend this class. Take notes! Go to class! and enjoy waking up for 8am discussion sections in which you had BETTER know what you read, because otherwise he won't like you(he picks favorites). When you don't understand, go see him in his office hours, he's a lot nicer then!
Very boring, DONT BUY THE BOOK- only have to read for discussions which u must go to, lectures i only attend on quiz days, 3 exams were easier than i expected b/c he gives a study guide, only 2 papers he grades pretty fairly.
Not a very good teacher. Lecture is boring. A lot of reading scheduled a test the day before St. Patty's Day and had to watch a movie on Easter! Trys to act too smart won't give you a flat out answer.
Gives too much reading for a gened history class. Once you learn the format for his tests and papers, it isn't too bad. Lectures can become boring. Doesn't realize this is only a gened class. Never learned facts, only concepts. If you don't like history to begin with, don't take Reich.
way too much reading, he thinks that his class is the only one you're taking. tests are easy--gives you a study guide. i love history but he completely ruined it, you really dont even learn historical facts..you learn weird stuff.
Not as easy as everyone says. Grades tests fairly hard, pop quizzes, and reading quizzes in discussion. Probably a B class. One 6 page paper with a 6 page style guide that you have to abide by. Still, possibly one of the easier Ghist teachers at JMU
he is very opinionated about his views, but is very nice and helpful.
he is a great teacher. test are very hard though so if your not GOOD test taken i would not reommend it.
being loved by so many,he didn't prove great to me the grade is based on tests,PERIOD.The guides are re-worded and purposely written to confuse.He also chooses your seat so I had to work alone since my nbr :(. He failed me bc I said I dont like Science,Im almost sure of it,time to retire.
He's wonderful but his tests are very difficult,all fill in the blank. Even if you study his tests can be quite a challenge. He's a lot of fun and really gets into his teaching. Seems to really like his students. I liked him alot but was not prepared for such difficult tests. I studied hard but still didn't do as well as I wanted to do in the class
Although he is a fantastic and interesting lecturer, I thought that he was a jerk. I got an A in the class, but I thought his labs were too hard. I might audit another of his classes, but I'd never stress over taking it for credit!
She doesn't teach you ANYTHING. You learn EVERYTHING from the book, on your own from reading the chapters and doing the homework. This class is painfully boring and useless. Would not recommend her AT ALL.
I took it online and it was an easy class. Just make sure you keep up with the little amount of work and email him if you have questions. The tests are easy but long, but there is no time limit!
Great professor! He is kind of unclear on homework assignments, but helps you understand if you ask. Take him, easy A
The class was very boring, and there was a lot of pointless work. But its an easy 4.0. If you really have an interest in Psych and want to learn more about it, this isn't the class for you. Howeva, if you just want an easy pointless nothing class...highly recomended.
Online class, first he taught. Not sure he knew what he wanted. Grading seemed to be fair (ended up with a 4.0). Learned a lot. Thought the chats were very interesting.
easy, never had tests, alot of outside work though and could be a ****
I thought he was ok...not to bad got a 3.6...;-)
I found Professor Hoffman's class to be very informative, unlike the others who have rated him. He has a lot of self study, which I found to be very helpful. I liked his class a lot.
The class teaches itself, if you wish to learn.
Responds fairly quickly to emails and questions, but is a very strict grader on quizzes especially. If you're a good test taker this won't be hard for you. Homework was very straight forward and student discussion replies make or brake passing this class.
Overall this wasnt a horrible class, be prepared for a huge research paper though. One quiz and a discussion or assignment every week and a chapter to read. If youre needing help hes quick to respond with the help. Quizzes are t/f and multiple choice which for me made it harder since I second guess myself, but Id have him as a prof again
The grading in this class is fair, but the instructions for his assignments can be a bit confusing. He will use vocabulary and terminology that can be difficult to understand. Lots of course work and a 10 page research paper at the end. The communication for this class could definitely be better.
Graded tougher on papers than all three of my English classes I took. Wasn't expecting a history teacher to be that strict.
I didn't like this class, but I don't like history classes. Don't take it online. He wasn't very helpful when I emailed him for help a couple times. He also takes a very long time to post essay grades in BlackBoard.
Prof Thomson is a nice guy, but this class was extremely boring/pointless. We watched several videos, barely covered what exactly would be on the tests, and prof would get side tracked frequently during lectures. I had to nearly learn everything on my own and would not recommend this class.
hes a good teacher. very funny, made class interesting and funny.
Hard to understand. Chatgpt-ed the whole course. You don't have to go to class if you're tech savvy. He's a nice guy though. Gives extra credit in class too. You won't learn anything but you'll pass if u ain't dumb. Do good on the tests cause they weigh a lot (open book, internet). Take for stat credit not to learn stat.
He only has one volume and that is yelling. He is nice though and is always willing to help. There is a lot of homework but it isn't hard. The exams are also very easy. The canvas page is set up very poorly which can be annoying.
This class is an easy A but I can honestly say I didnt learn a single thing about statistics. His slides are copied straight out of the textbook and the examples are not helpful. Weekly homeworks werent terrible at first but as the chapters progress its harder to get through them. Would not recommend if you actually want to know whats going on.
Pretty easy for a college statistics class; however I got A's on all three exams and somehow received a B as my overall grade. You don't need to go to class or purchase the textbook. All exams are open-note/phones and laptops are allowed. The online homework/exams are pretty difficult.
You're graded on take home exams, in class open note exams, homework assignments, and a bonus project. I didn't learn a thing in the entire semester but ended up with an A. All of the homework and test questions are online so it isn't too hard to figure it out just by copying the formulas. If you need an easy A and suck at math, this is the class.
He really wants you to get an A in the class but the online homework expectations are pretty demanding. However, he will reset your grade for it and let you redo. It was a lot of busy work to balance with my other classes but Im glad I took his class and not someone else. Show up so he knows who you are and he will help you out later on.
PK wants you to get an A, and he makes it very easy to do so. He told us attendance is not mandatory on the first day of class, and you get full credit as long as you get at least 50% on the online homework. Exams are part online part in class & he gives you the exact problems the class before the exam. He offers 25 bonus pts on the final project
this class was a complete and total waste of time. we never recieved a revised syllabus, and it took her weeks, sometimes months, to return our assignments.
He is very hard....tests are crazy!!!!!!
i took this in the summer. homework not graded. strong accent. but still understandable. i would take another math class with her again. most problems are reused in quizzes and tests
When u take 300, do not take any other math classes or you will get behind.......I did not try hard enough in this class, so I earned a D+.....I felt like she should have given me a C-. Overall, good teacher, all right class if you do homework and pay attention in class.
I thought she was a good teacher. If i ever needed help with anything she was there. She has a bad accent but you can get used to it. Labs and Exams aren't too difficult. Exams were a mixture of questions straight from the book, so if you do the homework you'll do fine
Very bright professor, but can be difficult to understand at times. A bit heavy on homework, but it's not always necessary to fully understand.
Professor Holmes was pretty good. Your grade is based on just exams, so make sure to pay close attention and study well.
Took his online class and it was somewhat easy. You can basically slack off if you want because there aren't no assignments to do. You by yourself are gonna have to watch his 1-2 hour long lectures and are gonna have to take a 50 question quiz plus an 50 point essay that he considers midterms like every 3 weeks. Take notes and you'll pass.
This class was relatively simple, only con was writing 4 essays only to use one for each exam. Be careful, your grade is based off about 8 assignments. His grading scale was also blurry, but not harsh. Also a little greedy with correct answers on the tests, you won't know what you got wrong unless you have the notes (which is only from lecture).
I loved Holmes, especially since I am a political science major. Beware, a lot of the information that helped me pass the class, I had already received from We the People training in high school. Show up to class everyday and take GOOD notes. Information in the Amer. Gov book will help, but the supplemental is essential to having a good grade.
Show up to class, take good notes on the lectures, prepare for essay questions ahead of time, easy A! He is also very funny and made a very long class go by quickly!
He is pretty funny and tells a lot of funny stories. Some of his stories really helps you link idea to his lecture. However, he can go off subject sometime. By the end of the semester I really enjoy his class. You have to have a sense I d humor to take his class or just drop :). One advice, proof read your work
if you study and take good notes you can easily get a B in the class. he really doesn't help or interact with a student unless asked, but overall if you put the work into it you will pass.
test come staight from the lecture so attendence is important. take notes.
He can explain things, but can aslo go on and on about his rich life and wife. He tends to get off track and talks non stop..I fell asleep everytime I went because he is sooo boring!!! DONT TAKE HIM
He is a good professor and even though his office hours are not stable, when you can get a hold of him he will give you his undivided attention. As for the essays, you have to write what he wants to hear, not what you necessarily believe to be the truth. He is a "progressive" so gear your essays towards that political mindset.
competitive class like it should be, but i guarantee you that it is not boring. if anything he makes political science funny, very funny lectures. Tests are difficult but if you study 3 out of the 4 essay questions for each test you should be fine. make sure you are there for the lectures, you can get away without a book, just make sure you're ther
Fun class, he is very energetic, and really enjoys this subject. He is very funny. However, don't underestimate the work he requires. His exams are extreamly comprehensive! I learned a lot, but I worked very hard for a B.
Enjoyed his lectures, although he comes off strong and somewhat rude, he does it all in fun. Although he scared me at first, I learned to like him the most out of all my teachers. Wish he taught some kind of history class as well. The book he wrote that goes along with the lecture notes is very helpfull.Recommend him!
Good teacher if you do good on his tests and on the term paper. Very entertaining. Never take during the summer. Even if you've gone to every single class don't count on passing..
dudes real cool. you'll be surprised by his vulgarity, n laugh @ it. real laid back. gotta do the HW n the term paper to pass. really funny. very bright, observant. likes to use analagies/parables. uses everyday things to relate n break it down 4 u
class was VERY easy, take notes and use study guide efficiently and you will do well, research paper is also due but easy if you put in some effort, holmes was great and made class easier to stay awake in, definitely recommend
SOOOO hilarious. I was crying from laughter. If you can't stand cursing, DO NOT take his class. 2 midterms, a research paper (6 pages), a municipal report (2 pages), and the final. Gives you the questions for the essays in advance. Not easy, but not exceptionally difficult either.
lectures are long and borring.he gives 3 midterms from which you have to study 5 essay question and 1 is on the test. very hard research paper.don't take this class early in the morning,hard to stay awake.very funny teacher, his jokes are hilarious.
Gets off topic a lot, and talks really loadly in normal conversation. Nice guy though, and he knows what he is talking about. Tests are easy enough. and there is a term paper.
He made learning about Government fun and enjoyable. I know some complain about his stories and cursing, however, I think it adds flavor to an otherwise boring subject.
He has such LOOONG unnecessary stories that take up a lot of the class discussions. the students are the ones suffering because instead of knowing more about the subject, we mostly remember his cussing and his wife's atkin's diet!
You could have a worse teacher.
Imature and just wants to be popular.
I disagree, he's a softy. If he thinks your trying your best he will give you better grades than you deserve. The flip side is if he thinks your screwing around he'll be down on you. Keep communication open with him.
Tabor is a great professor who loves teaching and what he teaches. He is very respectful to his students and genuinely likes them. His death and afterlife class was boring to me but he tried to make it interesting. 3 tests that each have 3 essay questions. Also hands out lecture guides which makes studying easier.
Interesting guy, terrible professor. It takes him forever to grade tests. We took the second test without knowing our grades on the first which took place over a month before. Also stay away from the class unless you find it highly interesting.
Don't take his class unless you actually care about the topic and unless you have an open mind when it comes to Jesus. I LOVED his class. He's so knowledgable and has such a passion for the subject. His tests are so easy (essay/short answer, but he gives you the questions in advance) and his book "The Jesus Dyansty" is really good. I'd take again!!
He is a nice man, you have to come to class and do the reading (there is a ton of reading), he is horrible about returning tests and keeping deadlines, but he is extremely smart, you learn a lot of interesting material, the paul class is worth the effort!
I loved the class, he's sooo funny and he really really demonstrates enthusiasm for the subject. Kept me interested and laughing entire semester. Absolutely a genius, enjoyed listening to him each class. If you are intensely interested in the subject you will do great...he helps alot with that.
ALthough I am very intrigued by Dr. Tabor because of everything he has done,I have found his class on Jesus kind of difficult. The tests are three essays and you really have to know what you are talking about to do well. Sometimes I have preferred to have been taught by his grad assistant because Dr. Tabor's teaching can be really unclear attimes.
I heard the hoopla about him, and am soo not impressed. When he shows up to class, he rambles. His TA, however is awesome and very helpful. Overall, although a very smart man, I would not take another class with him. Extremely disorganized, and nice, but just not all there sometimes...
very intelligent man (a regular on the history channel) but also very cocky and has somewhat of an attitude. takes forever to grade exams! gets easily sidetracked.
dont do it, you'll be sorry
Tough but fair. Essay style tests. Takes FOREVER to get them back
she definitely shows favoritism to the students who understand the labs. shes pretty intimidating but if you ask for help she will. best tip: review the labs before class, you can usually complete part of the lab without being in class and it helps a lot.
fun teacher, but shes too much into geology. quizzes are every other class and theyre pretty hard after the first 2 or 3. So dont get too over confident
She really means well, but she is unclear in her instructions and descriptions of things. Grading is tougher than other lab sections, but you will learn more in hers because you actually have to learn the stuff. If you put the time into the lab and ask her questions you will do fine. If she knows you care about doing well she is helpful.
Kind of boring, but not really hard.
Ms. Funderburk is so sweet! She's always willing to help you out, and I found MathXL (the 'textbook') was very user friendly. I don't think she knows what she's doing, but at least she tries. You will have to learn a lot of it on your own.
She does a good job of teaching the class, it's just that the subject matter is a little bit boring. But I had cat for dinner last night.
She's not a hard professor, although sometimes it seemed like she went off topic or taught us something and then 3 seconds later turned around and said "oh nevermind, forget that." I enjoy math, but the class was kind of boring. And don't forget the webwork, because your grade will suffer.
She was a nice person and helpful. The syllabus made it seem like there was an attendance policy, but there wasn't really. I didn't go to class a good bit, but used the book and didn't think the class was very difficult (I got an A). If you aren't good at Math and high math isn't required this is a good math to take.
She's very entertaining as far as her stories but she will teach up to the last minute and never cancels class. Attendance only became mandatory because the privelage was abused and she makes minor errors when teaching that you have to point out to her sometimes.
At the begining of class seem easy going and helpful, but missed alot of class because of one reason or another. when in class rush to play catch up and the student who could not keep up with her pace she basically left behind.
I was in the class that someone stated "everyone hated," and I would have to say no, everyone did not. I enjoyed Dr. Eckard's class. She is extremely intelligent and interested in student opinion. She also makes a point to not let writing errors pass because she wants you to improve not remain stagnant. I very much enjoyed her class and self.
Not much to this class, I took it completely online. There were two quizzes every week, 30 questions each. But the exams had an outrageous amount of questions. The final was 155 questions. There's a lot of reading. Overall, a lot of work, but wasn't difficult
Easy class. All answers can be found on quizlet. The group projects suck though. Who does groupwork for an online class?
Class is relatively easy as long as you attend. He has the greatest ability to get off topic and talk about the completely wrong thing. Sometimes it was interesting but most times it was dull.
This class is pretty easy, every assignment is online and he gives you a chance to take them again if you missed the due date. Would take again.
I took an online class (less interactive). Though, he responded to EVERY inquiry I made. I wouldn't know whether or not he is funny, but I don't care. Humor doesn't factor in for me. Knowledge and helpfulness does. If someone says he's terrible, and comments about how funny he is or isn't, the chances are slim that I'd read further. Consider that.
This class is a struggle to stay awake in...he can deffinately talk you to sleep. Online quizes very easy with two tries. Tests..not so easy. TA takes attendance and you can't miss more than 25% of class.
take the summer course, if you can!
tests are hard, class is boring but he is very understanding and helpful
Dont listen to him. Read book. Tests mirror image of HW and movie handouts
talks like yogi bear. get notes off internet. dont go to class. go to reviews.
Graded on 3 tests+final throughout the semester, one test can be replaced. Tests are EXACTLY like the study guides with diff numbers. The easiest class I've ever taken. Sometimes gave heavy extra cred for participation Has a heavy accent and is pretty quiet. Don't take if you want to understand the material, take if you want an easy grade.
Not a great teacher but really easy. Makes study guides just like the tests. Study for those and you can do great. Gives extra credit if you go up to the board and answer questions, which is how he teaches every class.
The accent is tough, but you don't have to attend class. He uploads the lectures online and you can teach yourself the whole class. It is not hard at all if you study once every couple of weeks.
Sit in the front and participate you'll get a extra credit. Pay attention to reviews for test and you should be able to ace every test with no effort. Done right this can be the easiest class on your schedule no matter what class you are taking. No homework just test. Easiest A I've ever gotten. Take him
Very thick Russian accent, but as long as you show up and pay attention, you will pass. Exams come directly from the optional homework assignments and examples done in lecture. However he also has a study guide that he gives during the class before the test, as well as the answers to it. Very funny guy. Lets class out early majority of the time.
He is a good teacher, a little hard to understand, but you will pick up on things eventually. I have him now for Differential equations, but he is a little harder in that class
Take this professor! Easy A!!! Tests are literally 10 questions, and he reviews the test the class before by reading off the test and changing the numbers in the problems. HW not collected, and really not necessary to do. Yes, he has a heavy accent, but dont let that scare you. Sit up front, and DO NOT withdraw! Def would recommend to friends!!!
Easy A. Yes, there is homework but we're in college now and it is what to expect. It will help, I promise. He explains things well and if you don't understand, he will go over it again. Go to class the day before the test for a review (which is exactly like the test). Take him.
TAKE HIM! I haven't gotten an A in a math class since middle school and I ended Klibanov's class with a 99. Just go to class, ESPECIALLY the day of the review. Answer questions in class! Tests are just like the reviews. His accent isn't as difficult to understand as people say. I highly recommend him!
TAKE THIS CLASS! an absolute easy A! review is EXACTLY like the 10 problems that are on the exam. If you do not take this you are missing out. he also gives out pts to add to your exam grade if u participate. nice guy!!
After you get used to his accent I think the class was easy. As long as you come to all the sessions and take all the notes your good. His reviews are exactly like the test. Easy A.
He doesn't teach concepts, just how to solve the problems that will be on the test. If that's good enough for you, go for it. He does give a review of exactly what problems will be on the test. This means the tests are very easy, but for some reason many students still struggled. He wants students to speak up, but he is harsh when they do.
He really was thorough in what he covered. He was pretty hard to understand at certain times, but was a nice guy granted you didn't act like an idiot in class. If you went to class half the time and for review before the exam, then you should not doubt make an A. Very easy class.
very thick accent, but still a good teacher. Tests are harder that reviews. Gives A LOT of extra credit and curves on tests. No roll, but likes you better if you come to class. Doesnt collect homework, and classes are very short. Good teacher.
Pretty cool guy, tough to follow in lecture due to accent, brilliant
little hard to understand, good teacher, knows his stuff, kinda hard tests...
You get used to his accent, he's a genius, tests are way harder than reviews,
Gives a review before the test, which is easy, but makes the test much harder
EASY!!! You won't really learn anything, but you will get good grade!!!
Test reviews help out a lot. Do well and you don't have to take the final
As long as you understand the test reviews, this class is great.
Only go on pre test days, as long as you can do them you will be fine.
Do the pre-test review and this class is a breeze!
This professor is so easy! You have a few tests and a few quizzes on map locations. They are all really easy but the tests can be confusing at times. He is really funny and makes a lot of South Park jokes.
Tyrel Moore is a great man! He helps out anyway you need him to. Tests are a bit challenging so take detailed notes. Attendance is not mandatory but gives extra credit to those who attend lectures frequently. GREAT PROFESSOR!
Mr. Moore is a very funny guy. The tests are challenging but not impossible. Studying is a must but if you do the extra credit assignments they will help a lot with the tests. There is lots of material on the tests and the quizzes. You need to get the textbook if you plan on doing any extra credit. Go to class and pay attention and you'll do well
hard, there are much easier lbst's to take.
He is a funny and super nice guy but he makes the material overly difficult. There is way too much material for each test and he is very vague about what he wants you to know. His lectures are hard to understand since he goes off topic all the time and talks very quiet. Test and map quizzes are difficult and studying the book is a MUST.
Very good sense of humor, keeps class interesting, sometimes says things that you can't believe he said. Sometimes the things he talks about in class are kind of tough to follow but for the most part is very good at putting things in normal terms. Tests are not hard at all if you go to class and place-name quizzes are straight foward. Recommend him
I had him for global connections and he is absolutely HILARIOUS but SOOOOOOOOOO HARD! I studied A LOT and read the book but there is just too much material to think about at once. His tests are multiple choice but they are extremely difficult. If you are good at memorizing, the map quizzes will bring your grade up.
Very laid back relaxed and entertaining class. Teacher is a stand-up comedian everyday.Don't be fooled by past experiences of easy Geography classes.This class is hard!I made the mistake of studying the book and bombed first few tests due to conflicting information from what teacher says and what book says.Ignore the book and focus on notes!
ok I made an A in the class but he is EXTREMELY unclear at times.Other times he says "this would be good to know during exam time" Honestly All I can say is take EXTREMELY DETAILED notes and ALWAYS pay attention. Don't miss a day (especially fridays)if you go to class take good notes its an easy A
He's a good teacher, but he expects students to remember too many details about things he covers for the test. the test are hard. u will need to read long chapters in the book. the map quizzes are easy and will help your grade if u take the time to study for them.
This is NOT an easy class. Don't take this class thinking that it will be an easy A because I have a 3.2 GPA and I am busting my tail to get a C in his Global Connections class. His tests are very difficult. BEWARE!!!
place/name tests are the WORST! Take good notes, you'll do fine!
Very difficult tests, no review sessions, based heavily on the books you read outside of class. Final exam is cumulative so remember every single story or book you read in the class. He asks detailed questions about books. Attendance is not mandatory, pretty difficult class when only graded on tests and final. Interesting professor.
He doesn't take attendance, so it's tempting to skip class. You're only hurting yourself if you do though. There are a few tests, but those are the only grades you get. You have to read for the tests because there are very specific questions about the reading. Tests are difficult, but you learn a lot during lectures. Also helps that he's hilarious.
He expects a lot of you since it's a 4000 level class. Get ready to read, and get read for tough grading.
He is a good professor, but he definitely doesn't like to hear other people's interpretations of the text. If you don't agree with him, he will shoot you down and make you feel stupid in front of everyone. Not exactly what you want to do if you actually want people to participate.
Fascinating lecturer & person, but inconsistent grader. He grades smaller assignments completely differently from major ones, with no rubric and little warning of the abrupt change in grading style. You'll learn a great deal, but you won't get an A.
I personally do not like the class because it is a lot of reading and note taking but it isn't that hard. You have to come to class, take notes, read the books, and pay attention. He is pretty cool too. It is a lot of other peoples favorite class.
He's a great story teller, good at keeping you interested. If you read the books you will do well on the tests. Highly recommend taking this if you don't mind reading.
good prof. some classes are boring but most of the time he makes them interesting. if you go to class and read the books you should get a B or A.
Great class! If you read the books, you'll pass. Very animated in class!
Funny guy!
Chill class with a chill prof. Stay awake and you'll be fine, his stories are random but interesting if you like metr. He only tested on what we did in class and there was a curve so it is more than fair.
He is a good teacher. Tests are kinda hard, but its not if you study. Gives pop tests in class for extra points. Sometimes the class is boring but he is a cool teacher.
He is a very pleasant man, and can be quite funny. He is boring, but what teacher isn't? But you must go to class! The tests and extra credit quizzes contain many questions that can only be answered if you were there for the lectures.
VERY HARD TEACHER, also very intelligent and knows his stuff, but extremely difficult, i studied and took all the notes and still failed!!
hard!!! i had 50 points extra credit on my test grade and i still made a C... I HAVE NEVER MADE A C BEFORE THIS CLASS~! HIs test consist of tails...!!
Never take a class with the person who writes the book for the course!!!!
very hard tests and he wrote the book
he had some funny stories. but go to class, notes are important for the tests.
Must study all details....he is helpful, has difficult tests but gives bonus pts
I think if I took the classroom version of this course it would have been more engaging. There was constant trouble with the online set-up, but Grillo was fair in his grading and lenient with dates; however, I think he would be much more engaging in a classroom setting.
He goes off on a lot of tangents and uses really big words
Nice guy! Interesting, but his essay questions are difficult to decipher!
crazy hair
This is a well read man. So pompus he's almost British, but with a soft side.
Owen ownz u.
You don't need the book, Roberts has amazing notes she gives out each class. There is an attendance check and weekly homework assignments that can be tough, but if you study with them the tests aren't too hard.
Standard Professor. All material for the class is in the lecture, the textbook is not needed at all, at least for the one I took (COS120). Will let you miss one lab for free.
COS is much like math... if you miss a class don't understand something, it is going to trip you up for the next concept. Carol expects that after going over a concept in lecture, lab & HW that that concept is now background knowledge for what is to come next. So prep, start HW early and ask for help days before due, she is more likely to help
She is a very nice lady. Very helpful when you ask questions during lab. Overall not an easy class if you aren't technology inhibited.
DO NOT TAKE COS120 FOR A MATH CREDIT, unless you are interested in computers. This subject is so hard, and you have to work really hard to do well in the class. The labs are easy but the homework and tests are very hard. However, if you do like this kind of stuff, she's really easy going and understanding, and the lab consultants are very helpful.
This class is dated and boring. The textbook was created for high schoolers and teaches people how to make bad web pages. If you actually want to learn how to make a decent web page, don't waste your time here.
If I have to spend anymore time in these classes, I am going to go insane. If you have ever used, or even seen, a computer before, you will have no problems whatsoever. I actually let my pet rock do my homework for me and I still got an A.
she got her watch stuck in the projector for 20 minutes last semester. nuff said.
She looks like Ursula! Especially when she wears her bright pink lip stick!! I fall asleep every class because it's so boring
Good days and bad, sometimes she is very approachable, other times she is rude and hard to talk to. I wasn't a fan of her tests either.
Couldn't have taught that well. You dequeue a queue, not a stack.
why do you guys think she is hot? you must not see many girls on campus
She is the hottest thing in the world, I wish I got to know her better in 220
Was helpful, couldn't always explain things well.
Straightforward and friendly teacher. Lectures can get a tad dry. He spends a lot of time solving problems in class. Do the homework, study for the tests, and you'll be fine.
Hardly uses the book. If you show up to class and take notes, you'll have everything you need. Didn't really care for the only test format and it's multiple choice. He likes to try and trick you with words on the test. Curves the test average to a 72 or 73. If the average is higher, no curve.
hes mad goofy and his bald spot smells like onion rings.
He is a very funny teacher. you learn a lot if you really pay attention, but his tests are hard if you don't study right. go to class, take notes, ask questions, study and you'll do fine! Go MONTGOMERY... he likes his McDonalds.
Pretty cool guy is sort of a space shot, 3 exams, 3 quizzes, 3 homeworks thats all your grades. you dont have to go to class but you really should because he doesnt do powerpoint lectures he writes them on the board and goes pretty fast.
no comment
This professor loves the tricky questions in his exams. Read all the answers twice as he is very skilled in the art of subterfuge. Unless you are dead attend the lectures or you will be completly lost on the exams.
He is a hard teacher but is very interesting to listen to. He makes his lectures very interesting, but make sure you go to class every time because he uses the demostrations that he does in class in the exams. Overall a very fun, and interesting teacher.
If you love to skip class, this is not a class to skip. He does not go chapter by chapter (which makes it more interesting) and he uses class examples on the test. All in all, he was a decent teacher...but he loves to hear his own voice...a lot.
as long as you go to class, you'll do fine
Lectures are very clear but test questions are often unfair. Instead of honestly evaluating his own questions, spends time theorizing as to why students answered wrong... acts like a big baby when defending unfair questions. Might want reevaluate himself!
While the work was manageable and an easy A could be achieved if one normally does well in class, I rarely received feedback. I have always done well in English, but I would get marked down on every assignment with little to no feedback.
I had Professor Addi for an online class and I am glad he was my first online teacher. He was very clear on what needs to be done. He does take points off for little things, so always double check your work. You can retake the quizzes if you bomb them the first time which was helpful. He gives short feedback but its to the point.
Professor Addi is a very knowledgable person, and it shows! He might seem intimidating at first, but he is actually very nice. Not afraid to speak his mind. Overall, he was a great teacher and I would take him again. P.S. Easy A
Professor Addi is an excellent teacher in his field of studies. He was somewhat of a funny guy, but was very serious about assignments. He was not a difficult grader at all. If you are someone who does not like long lectures, then do not take his 3hr lectures because he utilizes every minute. He was lenient when it came to late assignments.
Took online. Do the discussion and you get full credit it seemed. Papers were easy. It took a while for them to be graded but no big deal. Few comments on papers, guess I could have asked about more specifics to grade. Responds quickly to emails. Would take online again.
He was very off topic he would talk about some random things. he is an easy grader! he is a good teacher when you ask but gets off topic all the time!
Took this class online and he's a really great teacher. Easy grader. You should recieve full credit on all discussions as long as you actually do them. Fair grader on all papers. Overall easy class.
Nice teacher who makes the class interesting with his humor. The class was a breeze
Continuing from the one below. Even if you don't complete your assignments on time he'll still grade without penalty. HE is a nice guy, keeps up on grading, and loves english.
I took his class online fall 2010. I think he is good teacher and is fairly easy. I had to write 4 essays the whole semester. The assignments are great. We have to summarize the chapters you discuss every week, but it doesn't have to be too long. Just stay on top of your work every week and you'll just do fine. Even if you can't complete something
had 2 papers every week
Online is so easy. Very minimal effot=A.
dude was so easy i used to come into class and talk crap to him like he was a buddy.. really weird guy though. if you cant pass his class you shouldnt be in college
Prof. Addi was pretty average in my opinion.There were quite a few papers, no homework. My biggest criticism is that he doesn't really seem to care about what you say in your papers, only that you don't have a single typo. Your work cited and bibliography must be FLAWLESS. A period out of place is a reduction in your grade. But I guess those mistak
Addi is the man.
4 assignments total for online class...Reading the book is a MUST. I would recommend taking him in the classroom if english is a difficult subject for you to grasp. For the most part, you are on your own, so read, read, read. And read some more. Seems like a nice enough guy though, no complaints on the instructor here.
very passionate about what he teaches. a lot of work but you really do learn a lot.
Very nice guy. Wonderful teacher. Don't expect an easy A, but he's not hard either.
Took the online class and thought it was much easier than previous english classes in a classroom. Wasn't too specific on assignments and then graded kind of hard on the parts I wouldn't understand. But the online class is only 2 essays and the final and it isn't much 'reading' cause its your opinion. I read at first but then just skimmed chapters.
This class has a lot of reading, and a decent amount of papers. The professor is a funny guy though. I recommend him!
Eh, teacher isn't that bad. I had him online and if you email him a question, don't expect an answer. That was probably the only problem I had during the semester. Besides that, he seems like a fair grader.
European Women's History... She is very into what she is teaching and also very knowledgable. She expects you to do all of the assigned reading and has no problem calling out people in the class for not doing it, and there is a LOT of reading, and most of it is extremely boring. Overall she's not a bad teacher, but I doubt I would take her again
Crazy amount of reading if you don't keep up with it. Interesting lectures. No tests, a midterm and papers = your grade. Easy class if you come to it. She says "right" a lot. Don't ask stupid questions that don't directly deal with the lecture.
I learned a lot in this class, there was a lot of writing, but it's not a writing intesive course. She treats students like children, constantly criticizes everyone. You can't write a paper without her remarks all over it. I don't find her opinions to b
group work everyday, do the readings >there are A WHOLE LOT<, 3 essays you have 2 weeks to do each, one final paper. hard grader. doesnt take attendence, will yell if you have to pee in class, not very understanding, picks her favorites early. dont attempt to email her, its hopeless
Ms. Feinberg is a very smart woman and a pretty good teacher. However she is really boring sometimes. She also likes to say "right" after every sentence. Don't count on her ever missing class either.
Dr. Feinberg expects the most from your essays. must be in depth, very specific examples expected. if you half ass it, you will get a C, but not impossible to get an A. very knowledgable, but can be omnipotent in class towards class discussions.
Class was boring, no one came. Her style is pretty hard to follow. Didn't learn anything I didn't already know about Europe from high school. Not a details kind of lecturer, but demands details on tests. Nice legs, but not much else.
A Shame to the history dept!
very smart . . . has distracting habits . . . she's pretty hot though
His homework had unlimited attempts and he was very understanding with everything happening with COVID.
Dr. Amato is a great professor who knows a lot about Economics. I will warn you that the graphs can be overwhelming if you are not a visual learner, but he is always there to help you if you need further explanation. You must do the reading to be successful on the quizzes. Great professor, fairly easy course. Go to class, it pays off.
Amato is a pretty good prof - very smart, obviously, although he can ramble and get off topic. His tests are tough and if you don't understand a concept in the book, his lectures will clear it up for you. Still, this class is like swimming - you've got to work hard to keep your head up.
The 1st test is easy and the next 2 tests are super hard but overall good professor. You must read the book to pass the class.
Are you kidding me? Took his class during the summer. Great lecturer, but expects you to memorize the chapters in order to pass his test. LITERALLY !!! His test are all essays, and gives you no indication of what topics might be on test, hence, memorize every chapter. Got a B, but didnt sleep all semester to get it.
Honestly, I hated going to class.It's super boring and if you don't read the book, you will be absolutely lost. You have to read before class, because he breezes through the info in class like you are suppose to understand everything already.If you are a shy person, you might feel intimidated to ask questions. Has a sarcastic, dry humor personality
Probably best teacher I've had at UNCC. I took micro and macro with him. His tests are a little hard, but if you read the book and pay attention in class you'll do well. Do all the homework and show up for class to take the clicker quiz and it will really help your grade. Only thing is he WILL call you out if you talk a lot.
Lectures are pretty disorganized, since he has taught this class so many times and assumes you know the material as well as he does. The book is poorly written which makes the class even worse. 1st test is easy. The other two are hard. All multiple choice. Very picky about wording. You will put in a lot of effort, and your grade won't reflect it.
Good Professor, tests are fair if you study all the book questions
Go to class! Keep up with the reading; daily quizzes will get you otherwise. Dr. A shares many opinions (especially about sports)... Overall, he is a good teacher.
Believes students are lazy and being cheated of education if not forced to read their books. I got an A in Macro, got a C in his class. You must put in extra effort to pass. He sets bar high. 3 exams, opt final
good guy and all but his tests are hard and he wont tell you whats on them.
Wont tell you whats on test...makes you study it. A nice guy, but some of the questions on the test arent what you expect. Study everything. Likes talking about USC and the UNCC/football situation. not a fan of credit cards
Test aren't very easy, you need to study everything. Knows alot, but tells alot of sports stories. Ask him to Crow.
Very opinionated instructor. Good instructor but hard.
Tries to sound hard at first, but he is a good teacher. Read and ask questions.
If you need a psychology credit without actually learning anything her classes are great! Just kick back listen to her jokes and get an easy grade.
It's a great "NO BRAINER" professor but don't count on actually learning much. Maine students love her because they are stupid and lazzy and don't want to think anyway. I came here because UMaine was cheaper but it's not worth it. It's a brainless college. Its a great looking school, layed out wonderfully but that is all its got going for it.
Very funny sort of bubble head makes class fun. Cant say I learned much but it was an easy grade.
I think she makes up the stories she tells as truth, but they are still relevent and entertaining. GO TO CLASS and YOU WILL PASS.
I thought she was funny
Yes, take her if you dont want to learn anything.
Expectations are sometimes vague. Seems to prefer naturalists.
Read the book, understand it, and you will do fine. Classes aren't worth attending, unless you like to hear a never ending list of "back in the day" stories.
Dr. Sundahl is a wonderful man. He has his way of teaching, he has always used that way of teaching, and he will never change. His focus on the themes of history is fascinating, but is probably more suited to a philosophy class than an english class. If you do the mountains of reading, think, and smile, you'll probably get an A.
Dr. Sundahl is awesome :) I just get along really well with his sense of humor, but he's definitely not someone everyone would like. If you're really sensitive and can't take teasing or really sarcastic comments . . . don't take this guy. But he is a good teacher and I think he's brilliant.
Hot-that's all I can say.
Made nearly half of the students leave the room when he found out they mistakenly read the wrong assignment.
This guy is a Hillsdale Ledgend right up there with Dr. Roche himself. I don't fault him for his legendary reputation, tasting the sweet nectar of youth whenever he can, but he is unbearable.
TOUGH. EGOTISTICAL. PLAYS FAVORITES. BRILLIANT.
tough class... but worthwhile with this professor
This class was taken for Summer B. The curriculum is new and based off a documentary series and lecture slides/videos. Class consisted of 2 multiple choice quizzes and an exam every week, exams were obviously weighted more heavily. No written assignments or finals in this class. There were 3 extra credit assignments available. Easy enough.
Unnecessarily hard, but a great teacher. I would say avoid this teacher if you can, but it's not like you can actually pick and choose in this major.
Mills is pretty nice and has some good industry information but sometimes her assignments can be pretty frustrating. Could do worse as far as professors go. Class itself involves a pretty big group project in the form of writing a television pilot. Typical group project drama ensues.
This class started out fun and was a breeze and an easy A. But she was so confusing as a professor and was kind of mean sometimes. She is a nice lady but would shoot down people's work if it wasn't up to her standard. It was frustrating because multiple times I did a task, was told it was incorrect, then she redid it the same exact way.
She is by no means a terrible teacher. Enables students to learn the material but is rather dry in character and monotone in speech. It's a fairly easy class. If you read the required material you'll have no problem in the class.
Means well but is pretty spacy and repetitive. The class is pretty boring, even for a film major. Too much theory, not enough help with our own stories. Movies are usually a stretch to what she is talking about (we watched an episode of West Wing...) Random and disorganized, wouldn't recommend but Film majors have to take it...
This class was not that hard overall because its mostly group projects but ur expected to read a lot I found one book to be interesting but most of the class is boring. She gives horrible test reviews so dont always expect to do well especially on the Final. As long as u do really good on the class projects ur likely to get a B.
Kinda tough for a Freshmen level course, but the teacher does provide a lot of help if you have the willingness to go get it. Lot of Work, not much time to do it in, but some reprieve giving at points. She is not as bad as everyone says, but if you take the class, be prepared to work, I mean come on people you're in college arent you?
she's really nice and helpful. not so many notes, so you have to learn from the books. group work is easy if students do their part; tests are hard.
Tests are HARD and CONFUSING! Quizzes are OKay...group projects and discussions are SO easy and takes no time to do them. Class is pretty boring, lots of powerpoint slides.
Honestly, she is a good teacher that expects college students to work at a college level. She does not baby you and tell you every answer that will be on a test. Tests are fair. If you do what she asks on the projects you get a good grade. I enjoyed her class and I think she is very knowledgeable.
She's kind of flighty and hard to understand. I didn't love her class, but it's not the worst I've had at UCF either. The tests are HARD and you really need to read the material. Study guides or reviews would have helped. In the end, I got a B though.
This lady and I did not get along. She made us buy a book that I never used and her tests were ridiculous and impossible to study for!! She may be better in other RTV classes, but I do not reccomend her for this one!!
Non-linear teaching style. His programming assignments are ambiguous and difficult. His tests are short answer with no code writing.
Enthusiastic. Interesting projects.
not that bad
As you can see most people gIve Mike a very low score for helpfulness, and that is very true for the class it self. If you ask for help he wont give it, although it sucks at the time, it really help you out in the long run. Later on in life when you're tasked with doing/learning something new, you know that you have the ability to learn or it fast
He'll help you as much as he can if you put in your effort.
He's a character. Lots of people dislike him because he really doesn't know much about what he's teaching. I really enjoyed this class though. He weeded out the people who are not willing to push themselves. If you're ready for a challenge, you'll like this class. He's a great motivational speaker.
I suffered quite a lot in his class. He either gives rather unclear instructions or odd requirements. For the most part, he doesn't teach - And that's why he is worth it; you have to be force yourself to learn and work to get things done. He could easily be the oddest professor you will ever have, but he is also the unique one out there.
Great professor seems harder than he is in reality and really does try to help you when you need it, but puts on a front like he doesn't want to help you, to scare people. Most people take that seriously but really it's a joke. Great sense of humor overall. Yes, a lot of the stuff he teaches he doesn't know, but he teaches you how to teach yourself
Mike isn't as bad as he seems, but he does have mood swings. Some days he's great to be around and other days you're looking for a rock to hide under. If you try not to take him too seriously on these days, and put forth a decent amount of effort, you'll do fine. He just wants to challenge us.
Mike is the master of New Media. Bow before his genius.
The material is not too difficult except for certain parts but if you do get stuck, you're pretty much on your own if you're taking it online. Find a tutor if possible. Study early and often so you don't fall behind on work cause he is strict on deadlines.
What in the wolrd is going on here ? The book you read is awful. !ONLY TWO ESSAY EXAMS! How can you only have two grades for the whole semester? Do not mess up.
The class is hard, but he's a nice guy and he's very lenient. I'd recommend him, but not the class. It SUCKS.
This class was easy once you got it- but be prepared english majors- you probably WON'T get it. I memorized a lot of info b/c I didn't get it. Don't miss class- he goes over a lot and apparently some people are getting it- just not me. Good luck! MEMORIZE
It's not a bad class but it's hard if you don't read the sections assigned. There is no homework or exams. You only have to write four prelim papers. Each paper consists of 4 to 5 questions. Be prepared to write a lot because he is a very tough grader. Go to class, because you won't pass if you don't. he can be boring but it's not the hardest
Helped my vocabulary. Godless socialist democratic ethics aint really my cup of tea.
After missing only 5 Wiley assignments, out of 50 something, my grade dropped significantly due to how they were weighted individually. Keep up with the hw, do the quizzes using your book, and actually try on the clicker questions.
This class could have been better. Think there should have been less quizzes and hw so I could get some time for my other classes and to be able to study. Not a great experience in this class.
Not a hard class to pass. Will pass you if you have a D in the class. A lot of work. Clicker questions everyday. I failed the final and the first test and made a D on the second test and still passed with a C. Basically telling you to take her.
omg! this class suuucks! i dont know what these other ppl are saying about her...shes not good...shes awful. and im stuck taking her again next sem bc i got a D, which isnt considered passing! and i got stuck taking her again...shes awful, the whole class! everything!
Never study for her exams and had a "B" average. She is very sweet but do not piss her off.
Great teacher, firm but fair!
one of the better acct professors. notes are fill in the blank handouts that make the book nonessential. homework is neverending but its simple stuff. tests are tough but hit si a few times and you'll survive.
Prof. Yarbrough had her evil ways. She was rude but she tried to help as much as she could.She gave some helpful examples and basically told you most of what was on the test.Attend the SI sessions because they help.If you fail test three and the average grade are bad, SHE WONT CURVE.stay on her good side.
She is nice, but she is strict on late things...She will not make exceptions and is not very lenient on accepting homework. She won't announce when homework from the book is due!!! She expects you to go to her overly animated website every day to see what's up. She's pretty nice overall, but somewhat annoying. Blinks a lot in class!!!(annoying)
Go to class and do the homework and MAYBE you will pass the class. But definately do your homework. She gives quizes but they dont count against you they can only help you. Great professor, this class just takes up alot of time.
Tough class. Best teacher for it. She really does care if you care. Study and read and you should be ok.
Very nice teacher, but don't ever expect to see your tests and project grades unless you have 10 hours to shift through one box of every Acct student's quizzes and projects. It's terrible.
hard subject, but a nice teacher. you can tell she really tries
She is mean, the exams are hard, but she gives a lot of extra credit to help you out. If you don't like to be dissed and put on the spot, don't take this class.
shes real annoying...but got an A
Do the HW, ask Q's, exams are hard, read prior too for quizzes; snobby but OK
She is very hard and talks as an accountant and not as a professor!!!
Not very helpful, she doesn't answer some questions some times.
Project is a pain, but her handouts are really helpful
Gives lots of homework.Goes over homework but not basics.
I don't know why some people want to portray Dr. Morgan as totally intractable and difficult. I found her so easy going at times that I'd say that she's spineless at times. :)
Horrible...do not take...end of story
Moderately cool teacher. Reminds me of Gertrude Stein.
Seems that she harbors non-mainstream opinions about almost everything. Holds you in very low regard if you express an opinion other than hers.
Ten percent teacher, ninety percent politician
She was a very nice person. Lots of work though
Professor Lansen was very captivating when he taught his lectures; however, I just didn't like how we could get low A's or high B's without any feedback as to why. Also, I feel as though the TA's did a lot of the work and I had the best connection with them. The tests in this class aren't difficult just make sure you study all the lecture notes.
He should be more clear when he speaks and you have to write down everything he says as fast as possible to get notes. When he writes down little notes on the board he doesnt put it where they make sense. He definitely knows what hes talking about for the course though! Also if you want a participation grade speak in class..
I enjoyed the content of the course that I took but felt as though anything I submitted was graded harshly and I could never really improve since his comments were so vague and the rubrics didn't really help me understand why either. The class is not an easy A but it is a relaxed class. If you care about your gpa don't take this class
I thought that Lansen was a really great professor and he really cared about making the learning community a good group and organized the events well. I just thought the second LC course was a little too repetitive. The first course on the Holocaust was much better. His feedback was a little unclear on the papers and I found it hard to improve.
Such a cool guy and he knows his stuff. All 4 tests are essay based - you do need to study, read the assigned book (don't worry, they're actually interesting) & go to the review! I made a high B on all of my tests. If he sees you at every class, you study, & go to the review, you should make at least a B. Really interesting material!
Dr. Lansen is a great professor. Dutch accent, very funny, likes to curse. He likes to engage his students in the learning process. His tests are difficult and does require you to study. You have identification and short answers. Attend the review session if you can because they are helpful! 3 books to read throughout the course, but fun to read
oscar is great. go to class and pay attention - his lectures are worth it. you have to study, but yeah, it's college. he's def. worth taking.
Class req. Discussions on WebCT and 3 out of class essays. Three tests, not really hard but TA's grade rough. Great Teacher, knows what he's talking about. Course is packed with great information. However, wouldn't take again do to harsh TA graders.
Good teacher overall, he know his stuff and how to keep you interested. BUT...grading is HARD, only 9 A s out of 165 people in the class. I would not recommend if you're going for a high GPA. Come on, this is an Intro class.
Everyone told me that it would be impossible to make an A in his class, but I have a 95 in there right now. Take notes, read the book only when WebCT says to read a certain section. Lansen is a great teacher. I actually look forward to his class.
this guy is a little punk, he hardly ever gives out A's. In fact i haven't seen anyone to make more than 93. everyone says he makes things interesting, all he does is curse here and there. if you can tolerate obstinate grading go for it, but i regret it.
Take Micro with Tseng first, then take Macro with him. To paint the pic: I'm lazy, plus, English isn't my first language. I've never read a whole chapter from the book and got an A. All u need is get your e-book and do the "practice" section and read key concepts, this class will be a piece of cake. Love Mr. Goode. Funny guy. His tests aren't bad.
Take Micro with Tseng first, then take Macro with him. To paint the pic: I'm lazy, plus, English isn't my first language. I've never read a whole chapter from the book and got an A. All u need is get ur e-book and do the "practice" section and read key concepts, this class will be a piece of cake. Love Mr. Goode. Funny guy. His tests aren't bad.
Easiest class I've taken at UNCC. Easy, easy, easy, test if you just read the book. His test questions are straight out of the book. I went to class twice all semester and got a B.
I missed one class, and paid for it dearly on the next test :( But overall it's a good class.
Goode is very straight foward.. his exams can be tricky, especially the 5th exam and the final! Easy A or B. If you have a A average you do not have to take the final..
Gives good notes but tests are tricky, Extra Credit for HW, very boring
BORING. but you don't have to go to class.
annoying and boring.
Very specific mostly positive grader Tends to be somewhat lenient Always in Class on Time Adorable towards students Willing to give enough time on Exams Also allows students to take Oral Exam out of Class in Her office OVERALL Well spirited Did her best to answer Questions She did her best to help give attendance points 3 tardies
This class is hard! I like the professor, she is nice, but she is a tough teacher. Tests are very difficult and there is a lot of homework. It's like she expects you to be fluent in Spanish by the time you leave.
Pretty easy, do the work get a good grade. Don't do it and you flunk.
she moves really really fast and it's hard to keep up in the class unless you study spanish for hours everyday. You have to really be interested in the class to do well....
NOT BAD, SHE'S OK. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT. STUDY FOR THE VOCAB QUIZZES AND TESTS. NOT A HARD CLASS. EXPECTS STUDENTS TO KNOW FLUENT SPANISH ALREADY AND SHE DOESN'T EVEN COME FROM AN ESPANOL-SPEAKING BACKGROUND. DO THE COMPOSITIONS IN ADVANCE.
I dropped her class for a reason. She's too hard and expects too much!
Thought the class was going to be way easier than it was but still material is not too difficult. Read the book outside of class to do well because the class is so mind numbly boring that you won't be able to stop your mind from slipping during class.
Class is okay. Do your homework, and make sure you can teach yourself out of the book.
She give pop quizes often, but you can use your book. Her english is not really bad, but it is fun to listen to the fact that she can't really pronounce her "n" llama=normal.
she is better than most stats teachers. almost all are foreign, but she has better english. the class itself is tough, take time & read book. come to class. pop quizes given, can help grade. never takes up homework.
She is nice, and easy to get high grade
Interesting class. Professor can be a bit disorganized but made a dry subject more likeable. I would take one of her classes again. Killer final though.
Keeps you entertained and wanting to come back to class everyday.
Off the wall, but very helpful and funny.
Gauss was a decent professor but he wasn't as invested in lectures, he uses a slide show to present the topics and he doesn't read off the screen which I liked but sometimes got boring, sometimes he told us interesting stories, sometimes made us watch videos. Attendance isn't mandatory so I stopped going after a while and the tests are decent
One of the easiest classes ive taken at state. The papers are annoying to write but he grades very easily. I probably went to class a total of 4 times. His lectures dont make a lot of sense so you have to read the textbook in order to do good on tests as they are heavily weighted.
Gauss is fine. You really either are fine with him or you cant stand him because his class isnt very engaging. I got an A on every one of his papers, but you need to make sure you study for the midterm and final (heavily weighted). 400 pts: 100 pt midterm, 100 pt final, five 2 pt reaction papers, a 40 pt paper, and three 50 pt papers.
Gauss's class was ehhhh. I had his 2 hour and 40 min class and that alone was horrible. When I did go to class I hated myself for going since I knew I would be able to understand material better on my own. All the assignments were completely manageable and easy A's. The hardest part about this class is the midterm and final, be sure to study.
He will wake you up if you fall asleep kick you out for being late or on phone/laptop class always out early. 6 page book review, 2 essays (5 pg each) 1 midterm 1 final (both straight from book 85-115 questions) 10 SUPER EASY reaction papers which are 2 pgs ea based on your opinion of documentary or film shown in class. grades on curve
You don't have to go to class except to take the tests and turn in your assignments. If you do go, he will call out those who are sleeping, late or using any electronic device. His lectures rarely have anything to do with the test and you'd be better off studying the textbook homework. TA grades everything. Easy A as longs as you do the assignments
Based on 4 essays, 2 exams & some online. He didnt input anything to blackboard until the final exam with exception of 1 essay so i had no clue what my grade was until it was too late. The grading wasn't too tough but I dont recommend. Hes over-the-top sarcastic and lectures are boring. Contributed too much to my online shopping addiction.
You have to read the book to know what's on the tests. The only time I would actually recommend going to class is the first day (to make a friend) and the class before the test because he goes over what will be on it. He offers extra credit, but they aren't worth that much. He will sometimes give random assignments in class, but it's very rare.
Grade is made up of 4 papers and 2 tests. Papers are easy, tests are ridiculous because they aren't out of the book. His lectures are pointless so turn in your papers and leave, only come to class for the tests honestly. The EC helps a lot and is usually pretty easy. Awful teacher but easy-ish class.
I loved this professor. His lectures can be somewhat unclear and he will likely go off topic. He is a really easy grader though and will assign a lot of extra credit. His tests are okay but you will definitely need to the read the textbook to cover topics he didn't. He will also sometimes end class early and makes lectures funny and interesting.
Pretty easy class. He gives a ton of extra credit opportunities, but he is kinda all over the place with his lectures. A lot of what he talks about isn't related to the book, and the tests are based off the book! 4 easy papers and 2 exams. He's an oddball and is often forgetful, but this is an easily passible class, so I recommend taking it.
Really easy class if you show up and do the essays. He grades rather easy and is lenient with deadlines. His lectures are interesting and hes funny. He also gives tons of extra credit. Gives key terms to study for midterm and final. Never bought the book and I got an A.
Very interesting lecturer who has many stories to go along with the material. Course consisted of 3. 5 page papers, 1 mid-term, and a final. Fairly easy class that I would recommend.
Super chill teacher goes off on rants a lot. Don't really have to show up only have 4 really easy paper he barely reads them and they're mainly opinion based. Super good class defiantly try and get Gauss
Gauss was an awesome professor. His lectures can be a little boring because he talks a lot but he gave out ENDLESS extra credit assignments (which were super easy) and I got A's on all 3 papers. The only downfall is that his test are hard, that's what hurt my grade.
Prof. Gauss Mondays night course was great. He usually ends early, 1hr ish lecture. He teaches through his knowledge of Sociology and uses powerpoint slides as outlines. Be sure to listen and take notes. He defines a lot of concepts. 5 Papers and he gives you outlines for what to cover. FOLLOW IT. Midterm and Final are Sorta easy. DO EXTRA CREDITS!
He does a great job of teaching his course and engaging the students. The 2 tests are pretty easy if you listen in class and they are curved. The papers are not hard but he does not describe how to do them well. It is kind of ambiguous but doable.
Don't buy the textbook, we never used it. Lectures are boring, but this is where he explains assignments so I would recommend going. He offers an extra credit assignment almost every week; they are only one point but they add up quickly. There are 4 papers which are extremely easy to write and a midterm and a final. Overall simple and easy class.
I had him for one of those dreadful near-3-hour classes, but he always let us out like an hour early. There was a huge mishap with the tests for my section (he made some stupid mistakes) but otherwise, the essays were easy enough and he made things interesting.
Very interesting class and great professor. It's an easy A if you study for the tests. I'd recommend him.
This class isn't very good if you're expecting to learn a whole lot, it's more of a class that retells you what you already know in a different way. He gets off topic a lot but he's a great guy SUPER easy grades everything on a curve. But you do need to buy the book or you wont do well on the final, He's not very clear on homework but easy grader.
I've literally gone to this class four times the entire semester and I have an A in the class. You don't need to go OR buy the book. Just have someone in the class send you their notes and go over them and you'll ace it. He's pretty funny when you do go and his night class gets out at least an hour early almost every time.
He is easy, but you have to write a lot of "response" papers about guest speakers or documentaries. He came to class 1/2 the time, the other 1/2 he had his TA put on a documentary. He definitely talks about the same thing for 3 weeks. Didn't learn anything.
SOO EASY!! Definitely recommend! Interesting videos. Must go to class when there is a guest speaker to get extra credit. I got a 98% in the class. No need to go to regular lectures but must buy the book because that is where the text questions come from
This class was super easy and actually pretty interesting. Always let out early and pretty much gives you and A on each essay if you follow the instructions. Dont need to read the textbook just use it for the terms. Tests are pretty straight forward
I took this course during the summer. It was a pretty easy class. 2 response write ups. 1 paper and 2 MC exams. Don't take notes, the exams are straight from the book. He uses a bank of exam questions from the book. Lets class out super early!
I took this course during the summer. It was a pretty easy class. 2 response write ups. 1 paper and 2 MC exams. Don't take notes, the exams are straight from the book. He uses a bank of exam questions from the book. Lets class out super early!
interesting lectures. very scatterbrained. he changed a lot on his syllabus but usually theres 3 papers and 3 tests. tests are a little tricky so make sure to read the book but they are mostly from lecture. let our class out super early every time. if you act interested he will like you a lot.
Relaxed teacher that portrays his knowledge and familiarity of the subject through lectures.
awesome prof, likes to go off on tangents but his stories are entertaining. gets pissed off if you fall asleep, come in late, or are fooling around on laptops. reactionary papers are easy, show up to class in case he takes attendance, follow the outlines he gives for papers. tons of videos to watch. sometimes lets you out early, sometimes late.
SO BORING but easy class. if you fall asleep in class, which many do he will make you leave.
If you want an easy class, take it!!! There are only 3 papers, and he gives plenty of extra credit. There's 2 tests but they're like 100 questions long. It's an easy class though, and you have to read the book.
This class was boring. really easy though. for tests just go to the text book online and take the quizzes and do the study guide quizzes. you'll get an A on the test. the papers are easy and the page write up on movies are credit no credit. easy class overall. Dont fall asleep or look like you are going to, he'll call you out.
I really enjoyed his class. Sociology was already an interest of mine but he makes it even more interesting. He goes off on tangents a lot, but that's probably the best part. I loved his teaching style. You do need to come to class and read the book, but the tests aren't too hard.
Interesting teacher. Cool guy. Has a good way of analyzing things. Uses the class's participation to arrive at a fair conclusion regarding the topic. Easy class if you are just taking it for GE with no interest in the topic.
Very easy... papers simple but make sure u proof read and cite any and everything... tests all vocab
Horribly boring! Everything he talks about is common sense. Not interesting at all. Don't take this class if you want to learn something, take it for an easy A. Don't be late to class, he gets bitter. Oh yeah... and he makes a funny sound with his lips. haha.
ya so easy, take this class
really energetic and engaging. it was my night class on thurday nights and he was so entertaining that i never thought about skipping. doesnt even read the papers just makes sure the key elements are there. great guy.
so freaking easy. study vocab and you'll get an A. i got a B because i was never there for the in class video paragraph things. attendance doesnt count for much besides this. dont be late. youll get crap for it.
funny guy! good teacher...but at 8am it was alittle hard to stay awake. learned after midterm that you don't really need to go to class...tests are basically vocab. easy grader on papers...recommend!
GREAT TEACHER! TEST VERY EASY. FOR HOMEWORK EXTREMLY EASY. KNOWS HIS INFO. I NEVER WENT TO CLASS AND I STILL PASSED!
He's pretty funny and there is never homework. Tests are all vocab. Don't be late.
great! Don't need book, its all on the internet just get the website from class
easy class but boring lectures
very easy class, some what boring
Boring... goes off on tangents all the time.
Childhood in America is not as easy as you would think. There's a lot of work and a huge project. Other than that, she's nice and the class isn't a bore to go to or anything. I suppose the decision on whether to take her should depend on whether you prefer the whole half hybrid class thing.
she's a little weird but she loves teaching. takes attendance and it counts gives reading pop quizzes. there is a project rather than a big paper due. just show up and put forth a little effort and you'll be fine. lots of reading.
very likable teacher.. she loves to have fun and the class is rarely boring... times passes quickly.. gives out a lot of paper assignments but they are not difficult at all.. except for that journal
Disorganized. Idiotic class and a waste of time.
was only 2 points from an A and a 4.0, she wouldn't budge.
She was always unprepared for class, but I got an A, and I made up every paper.
This course is probably harder than it has to be, but overall is a good learing experience. This is an interactive course and you will be expected to demonstrate what you learn. His comments are helpful for the most part.
just a right down the middle, mediocre teacher. he does a lot, but he could do a lot more. eh..but anyway, if you're going to be a music major, why are you at uncc?
Means well, but is just too worried. Is not difficult, musically.Needs to take charge and try not to worry about being accepted socially.Just needs to rehearse the band and expect more w/o freaking out about the backlash. Not all problems his fault.
can't conduct to save his life...but I'm sticking it out because I enjoy playing my instrument
Can be strict, but never out of line. Great teacher and person
I like Dr. Marks. He is a nice guy and he is tough when he has to be.
Do not take his music class lbst1103. Hes a great guy and everything but the class just sucks. youre graded on 3 things and 3 things only and that is the tests. the tests are real hard, cant really study for them and he puts literally nothing up on canvas. if you dont go to class there is no way you will pass. overall just dont take this class.
Dr. Cloer's tests are confusing and, I think, hard to study for as the way he phrases the questions very much make you doubt the definition you've learned. He's a funny man but he's not shy to publicly embarrass students and calls people out. He knows what he's talking about and I don't necessarily regret taking him, but I definitely won't again.
He has great jokes and amazing lecture the songs are actually nice to listen to the key to a good grade in this class is to study hard from day one. DO NOT UNDERESTIMATE THE DIFFICULTY. Only thing i dont like about his class is that theres questions on tests that were never mentioned in lecture. Do the extra credit!!!!
There is no homework which is nice and you don't need the textbook. There are 4 tests and they aren't bad if you go to class and make sure to study the music and your notes. He doesn't take attendance but in order to get a good grade on the tests/ in the class, you need to go.
Dr. Cloer is a great professor. He is hilarious, and is not afraid to say it how it is. Now he only has 4 grades which are tests on the chapters. These tests are easy if you go to class. Attendance is not mandatory, he'll tell you that in the beginning, but I'd recommend going. if you take the night class, he ends early to go to the liquor store.
Cloer gives you 2 FIVE extra credit points for your Final Average. Also, NO TEXTBOOK NEEDED! THERE IS NO HOMEWORKS, IN-CLASS ASSIGNMENTS, POP-QUIZZES. He ONLY grades by the 4 MAJOR tests given every four weeks, which are 25% each. If You LOVE Classical music, this is the right class for ya!
About what one would expect from a classical music class. However, he does try to make it interesting by mixing in current events and some of his passed experiences.
This class starts out pretty easy but definitely becomes more difficult due to the type of music he chooses for the tests. However, it is all very manageable. You need to take notes and study to do well on his tests. He almost always lets class out 20 minutes early. He's pretty laid back and makes a lot of jokes.
You either love or hate him. Study the material and pass the tests. No homework, some extra credit.
Would not recommend taking him for an LBST credit. I really enjoyed the class. He's a funny, knowledgeable guy, and I really learned a lot of interesting things. This semester, he assigned three tests and a final essay. The essay had to be less than two pages, and you either got a 0 or a 100. STUDY FOR THE TESTS, THEY'RE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT.
He is an awesome and funny teacher. If you just go to class everyday and pay attention, it's an easy A. He has a couple extra credit things you can do if you struggle.
The class is hard, and it will never get easier. However there is a lot of history of music compressed in this course. I think Cloer made it as easy as possible for us. He has got a good sense of humor and he can see if you really try hard to do good in his course. Be sure to ask- he will help.
Cloer Is a great teacher. The class is kind of hard but he goes over the material very well. Make sure to start the listening assignments early some of them can sound a like. Give 2 extra credit assignments that help bring up your grade. Hard class if you don't try but easy to get an A if you do.
Very funny but an be vulgar and offensive. HE tries to make the course as easy as possible but you HAVE to do the listenings and reading in order to be successful. If you take some time to, an A is no problem.
He is a funny teacher. 3 test and a final,but the final is ABCD. attend class and read the book on the pieces and the test aren't too bad...t/f, multiple choice, and listening part on test. I made an A and it wasn't a hard one
Not an easy A for a liberal studies. however it's a fun class and the class is always interesting. I would recommend it if you have a strong interest in music. But I did find the exams pretty tough, in order to do well you have to study A LOT! he gives answers on the final exam though!!!!! take him if you study and are smart!
This Professor is a total jerk. If you like to be insulted, listen to bad language, be flipped off and talked down to then take this class, otherwise DON'T. If you miss a test, no matter the reason, do not expect any understanding or any way to make up for the zero you will be given. I would NEVER take this professor again!
This guy is a real jerk. If you are easily offended, do not take him. After the first day in class, I had no respect for him. He openly criticizes people based on their race and/or color and even has the gall to flip people off in class. He is so immature and even tried to pick a fight. There is no sense in this. His class is kinda hard too.
His class is so HARD. Hes a cool teacher and all. But its like he actually wants you to know about the stuff. DONT take this class with him if you're looking for an easy class.
He is a cool guy. His stories and some of the stuff he says is hilarious. On the other hand, it is a really hard class. There are 4 exams that make up your final grade. In my class, the class average was in the 60's on 3 of the 4 exams. But it does give you a new respect for classical music.
dude is the man! i hate music and that was a fun class for me! he never takes attendance and is really funny! def a good choice... ya dig
If you study, you'll probably do fine. He was obsessed with discussing drinking during class. He is also very sarcastic....
the class was fairly easy. if you attend (not required) and pay a little attention you'll do fine. the final exam is VERY easy. if you can do alright up until then, you should have a good grade by the end of the semester. on the downside, he can be very arrogant
Good teacher, odd sense of humor. Most material needed covered in class, expecially on review days before tests. Overall fun class if interested in history of music. Test are difficult if don't have notes or required listening.
Good teacher. Lectures by telling a story about the material. Makes it interesting.
Boring class, but good teacher. Really knows his stuff. Don't bother with the book, attend class and pay attention. Tests are difficult but are based pretty strictly on whatever he goes over in class. You can't afford to be absent for the one night a week classes, you will get lost.
I recommend this class. Knowledgable and good at explaining. You can move at your own pace and he DOESN'T TAKE ATTENDANCE. Does a review before each test. Sit close to the front, he writes as small and illegible as possible, that is my one big complaint.
follow up to 4/10 post. He does give you a 100 hundred for the final test.
nice teacher,,lame sense of humor, but ok..test kinda hard..easier if u like that music..best final ever!! get him for a teacher!!!
easy class if you take the 3 hour night one. last exam everyone gets an A
Who would have thought music appreciation could be this hard,,,dont take him!
awesome teacher, very knowledgeable, boring material though
Worth going to class. Study the CDs. Easy A if you do this
not too bad a teacher..i thought he was fair
You know, I liked her. It took a while to get used to her teaching style but once I did, I found myself enjoying it. As others have stated, she does not do well with questions in the middle of class...just hold off and ask her after class.
This woman is incredibly boring, and I struggle to stay awake in class. And I don't know why people have a hard time with the class, the concepts are pretty simple.
She kicks anyone out for talking, period. So don't socialize in class. Don't miss class either, because pretty much everything on the test is in the notes. Skim the book before exams, and study hard. Lectures are pretty boring, and she's kind of annoying, but it's not too hard.
She's a nice teacher, but could stand to loosen up a little. She kicked people out of her class for talking that were sitting right behind me and I didn't even hear them. Classes are boring and you dont have to really go to get a decent grade. Just study the practice tests and review questions.
She really needs to learn how to use MS PowerPoint. She writes on the board every single word she pronounces. She probably thinks we are all retarded and she can waste our time. Interesting class, but she teaches it very boringly:(
Very friendly. Her classes can be pretty boring though.
She is waaaay too hardcore. Economics is her religion.
Sean is right now the only professor that teachers Developmental Psych, sadly. Although I loving hearing his stories and tangents, it's a bit hard to focus. Great guy, just doesn't seem very organized. Would love better study guides. Keep in mind if you have to take his class, attend every lecture and take amazing notes.
If you listen to his lectures and do the reading, and show up, you'll be okay.
I LOVED him. He is a very straight to the point kind of guy. He gives lectures almost daily but somehow manages to keep them VERY interesting. He's very informational. His class will blow your mind. His tests are kind of hard, mainly because the questions are worded funny. But he drops your lowest score. Take the time to take notes, it helps a lot!
Ruane is awesome, if you don't mind listening to someone lecture for 3 straight hours and don't care much for class interaction. That being said, he is a very fun teacher and knows what he's talking about. Make sure you actually read the textbook, you WILL be tested on it!!!
Really good about giving breaks. You have no homework except to go over notes! As long as you take good notes in class, you should do well!
Great guy!! Very funny...loves to BS on smoke breaks...
As long as you go to class and take notes you can pass. The exams were hard but not too unreasonable. He tells you exactly what the essay questions are and so it's very predictable
If you go to class, you'll pass. Lets you know exactly what is on each test. Not too personable, but the class was interesting.
pretty easy but needs much work
Lots of work, Lots of reading, Lots of group work, lots of quizzes.
Tough professor, but he is very interesting. Only grades are 4 tests, mult. choice. The tests are a combo of notes and reading and are very difficult. Best you can do is probably a B, maybe and A if you're lucky.
speaks to fast. take alot of notes. Makes marketing interesting.
1. Sit in front rows (just do it - you dont have to say anything) 2. Buy Study guide and read it before tests.
Very funny and interesting professor, but don't expect to make an A. very few people make an A but it is easy to make a B or C. Def recomended as long as your GPA is not too important.
He's pretty funny...tests are no cake walk, but study guide helps tremendously.
Lecture is fun but test is extremely hard and tricky. Take Eaton for any MKTG
He is a really nice professor, but his lectures are heavy. He has a power point to go with it, but lectures are boring and long. Even studying a good amount for the test doesn't prepare you. There are pop quizzes so you have to come to class! There are only 3 tests and 5 pop quizzes so you have to do good on everything.
4 exams, 3 midterms and a cumulative final thats worth 2 tests. Read his powerpoints and follow up by reading textbook. a few pop quizzes. He gets off topic a lot and takes 3 classes to go over 25 slides.. Will call you out for being on your phone/leaving early. tests are conceptual, he wants you to understand. Overall BORING class but nice guy.
He knows the material is boring so he tries to make it as interesting as possible. If you can manage to get test banks from someone you'll be able to make an A or B in the class easily. The final was extremely hard. He'll do like 2-3 pop quizzes randomly that count for extra credit and will boost your grade like 4 points so go to cass
The subject matter is very straightforward. Go to class, don't go to class, it doesn't matter much - you can study the powerpoint presentations (which he posts online) and still finish with an A.
Professor Jernigan is very nice, but lectures can be very dry. Bring your laptop to class so you can work on the homework to save yourself time. Tests are a lot tougher than they need to be, struggled to make C's on most of my tests. Learnsmarts take forever, so start them early.
He will get off topic with things not on the exam, but the exam is pretty straight forward if you study the book and his power points BOTH. Attendance is not required, but when 30/250 show up, he'll give a pop quiz about what our shoe size is or the game scores from the weekend before (He'll let you look it up/ask around.)
I am in this course right now and have really enjoyed it so far. The tests are pretty easy as long as you study the slides. I made an A on the last test and did not even read the book. He gives extra credit points when a lot of people skip class.
This class was hard because he makes it hard. He is unorganized and doesn't know where to test from. His slides come from not just the book required but other books he uses personally. He loves his job though and will answer your questions.
He is BORING! But the test were moderately tough. Could have done better if I had studied the slides more. He is a nice professor, and seems to be genuine with the students
He teaches.. I mean reads off power point slides. Test are not really that easy. You have to do a leadership profile which is very confusing on what he wants you to write about.
Go to class, the pop quizzes he gives count more than you think they will, I missed one and it really messed up my grade. He is nice but the tests aren't as easy as i thought they would be. He posts the notes online, and his exam is cumluative.
Read the book. All he does is read slides in class. I would not go but he gives these "pop" quizes. You never know when he is going to give them and the count toward your grade. All questions come from the bank.
Yes the UMMS and AHH's will drive you crazy! I didn't learn a thing in this class. VERY boring class. Test are tricky but material is easy.
Extremely boring class and he knows it. There is no point in attending class. Unfortunately, he gives random quizzes that count as part of your grade so you have to attend. Easy tests. Listening to him is painful with his thick southern accent and the UHHHHHS AHHHHHHHHS UUUUUUUMS. Will drive U nuts!
Very boring class, but funny guy. Doesn't take attendance, but does give "pop" quizes that the whole class answers, so it's worth it to go for the points. Study the book for what he covers in the Power Point slides and you should do pretty good.
Nice person to know but tests are made so students average low 70's. Gives Study Guides but do not really help on the exam. Tricky questions, easy to make a C while going to all classes...
BORING! No reason to go to class. Test are kind of hard!
Boring class He doesn't teach but DO GO TO CLASS. Read book, study guide=A/B
Boring, but review sheets are helpful in passing the class.
very boring, tests are hard, dry sense of humor
STRONG southern accent. can't listen for too long.
No joke..he said "ummmm" 242 times the first class.
He is a great professor and he gives great lectures. He requires us to write some short papers about every two chapters, which is very helpful for me to understand instead of memorizing long terms. Read the textbook before class and pay attention in class.
He was very enthusiastic about class. You don't need to pay attention to understand what's going on. Everything is straight forward.
This guy is a jerk. He did not even give me a recomendation after I spent 6 years of my life at UD. Nice on the surface but is a backstabber.
Three essay exams, you get the possible questions a week in advance. Sometimes can be confusing in lecture, not very organized. Discussion sections prepare you pretty well for the exams. Write outlines for essay questions before hand and you will be fine.
well...Im wishing Pulliam hadn't retired...
great personality, not totally good with Ed. classes and observations
This class is as writing intensive as it gets. You will be writing a lot, conducting your own research, and basically writing your own journal article. Gaultney was sweet, but her Canvas is unorganized and confusing. The weekly assignments get confusing too but she does not grade them harshly. Attendance is graded and be prepared to use statistics!
Overall this was not the worst course in the world. Read the textbook and study to do well on tests because a lot of the questions are based on it. She's a really sweet lady just is not the best at teaching, at least not my style. I often zoned out in this class and just paid attention when she said specific things would be on tests.
I have tried so hard the whole semester, but I cannot get into this class. Professor Gaultney tries to get the material across, but I seriously dred her lectures. If you are to get this professor, it's not the end of the world. Just pay attention and read the book. May the odds be in your favor.
The tests are all online and so are the quizzes. There's at least one quiz a week and LOTS of online labs that you have due on the day of the test. Don't think about cheating on the online tests cause you have to use the lock down browser.
She is really nice person, you will like her. However, she does give a lot of course work. A lot of times there was so much work that I often neglected my work in other courses on accident.
Lectures straight from the book, very dry/boring/confusing. Better not take a class with her if you think you'll need outside help with the material. Attendance critical due to frequent quizzes. Nice, but unaccessible.
nice lady, boring lecture. You have to read and know the whole book and take the online practice quiz to make a decent grade. The book is interesting, but she is not, and her power point is definitely not helpful...
This class is very annoying to go to. Its not hard and its sometimes fun. His tests are hard and you have to teach games to the class. Overall I learned a lot of useful games to teach to my future students.
Easy class, but it's annoying at times. He gets a little carried away with his charting and sorting. I learned a lot in this class. He has a coursepack and it's very helpful. Teaching at the elementary school is a lot of fun.
very enthusiastic, nice, helpful lady BUT - her lectures are a waste of your time; read the book, which is where all of test material comes from; she makes mistakes in her lectures then confuses everyone trying to correct them; her examples explain nothing; if you study only the lecture material you WILL make a C or worse, study the book & get an A
very sweet and nice although confusing lecture, rambing, jump from one 1 point to the next. hard to take notes. let you drop 1 test including final :) remember to study and ask questions and u'll be fine...take her if you take good notes
she tries her best to explain the material but seems to talk over words and repeat herself ultimately saying nothing. her tests are more book than lecture so study!!!!she does offer curves and extra credit so go to class
She is willing to help, but her tests are hard, but she does curve!! You need to study.
While quite stern and to the point, Dr. Lee is very sincere and dedicated to the students. She can be confusing in lectures but is always willing to help after class, and she compensates for this by being a fairly lenient grader.
Lectures can be confusing and rambling.
Very interesting class but he just reads off the outlines in class. Doesn't really have real powerpoints or takes attendance. It is often hard to stay engaged and the only grades in the class are exams and quizzes. However, he is really helpful outside of class and is a cool guy to talk to.
Attend the lectures, take notes during the lecture (DONT print out the guide and just follow along, actually write notes in class), and READ THE BOOK. While everyone says this class is insanely challenging, and I will agree, I got an A by doing the things listed above. You have to read the book, but his lectures are VERY interesting!
His class is awful. His tests involve random information that he does not prepare you for. Attending class doesn't really help with criteria because he just reads the notes he's already provided and doesn't give anymore information. Even if you read and pay close attention you can fail his tests because they're so hard
DOnt take this class unless you are able to memorize everything you read because he will pull the most random items from the book for the test. Memorize all the statistics he gives and the book has because a lot of them will be on the test. He's also inconsistent.
He is very knowledgeable about the material, and you can tell he is really intrested in it! He only takes attendance randomly but taking the notes are a must. And you must read/ or at least go over the book to make extra notes for the test. The questions are easy if you know the material!
His lectures are very interesting! He keeps it real, but his tests can be tricky. Pay attention, and you should do well. If nothing else, he's eye candy!!!
This class was extremly hard. He knows his information. No extra credit offered. He explains the information rel good BUT there is alot of information. You have to go to class, you have to take good notes.
Wow- this man scares me. He put the fear of God into the class on the first day of class. He is extremely difficult to follow, talks fast, and covers a ton of information each class. If you pass this class- you are much smarter and have better study skills than this 3.8 GPA student.
he goes very fast, hard to follow, but he is very knowledgable, and has clinical experience,,honestly, its just a difficult class, his tests are extremely specific/confusing. i am an A student, and i studied hard for this class and got a B.
If you go to class, take good notes and study hard you will do okay. His tests are really hard and hes sometimes hard to follow in lecture.
HARD TESTS!!!!!and about the final...he said it wasn't going to be cummulative...but it was...that sucked
Good teacher, interesting lectures. Need to go to class, tests are mainly from notes. Have to study to make good grades, not as hard as he makes it sound.
Read the chapters about 3 weeks before the test,because that is how long it takes you to learn all the insignificant crap that ends up on the test. Make sure you know every useless percent and date in the book. Other than that, he is a pretty nice guy.
HONESTLY... you will HAVE to study hard!!! U may think u know the material... but u have no clue what will be on the test bc he is very vague and jumps around alot. despite all this he is funny and knows his stuff. only take him if u HAVE To.
Fun guy..loves to talk and walk
This class was a lot of work and a lot of paper writing, but I learned a tremendous amount from his class. I TRULY recommend taking a class with him, he is an great professor and a funny guy. Just be sure you have time for a class with a heavy work load.
I had her for FYE so obviously it wasn't difficult. Really nice person but she does talk very low. Her FYE class seems to be easier than some other professors.
This class is an easy A or B if you do the work. It's such a boring class, especially at 8am, but she is very lenient on grading and helps you out if you ask for it. My class rarely used the book, except for the BH which we used as a bible while writing research papers. Overall, she's not that bad.
Pretty easy teacher but is SUPER annoying. First half of the semester constantly talks about barbies. Not too hard of a grader. Three major papers, 2 argument and one research and they don't have to be too long. Overrall.. don't take her in the early AM. trust me.
Not a bad professor at all. There was a lot of work for a 110 class, but none of it was too hard. I would gladly take another class from her.
For the love of God Almighty do not take this teacher. You have useless presentations and two papers that are worth 60% of your grade! 40-50 journals are pointless and topics discussed are bizzare.
not a bad teacher. doesnt care if u go to class or not. all the work along the way is not bad at all except the end project which even tho its a group project is like 20 something pages long and a lot of research. besides that, not bad for a second writing requirement
She's pretty nice, like to *try* to be funny...I hate the journal..it's pointless. The classes are so boring and since it's at 8am it's hard not to fall asleep. You don't miss much if you skip a class, and she doesn't seem to take attendance.
Crazy about plagarism. Gave more papers then other teachers. Very helpful at office hours.
She looks like Mama Cass from the Mama's and the papas. She tells you to write in a jorunal 3-4 times a week. DO IT!!! She will not mention it until the day before she wants you to hand them in for a big portion of her grade.
Get out, gives more work than any other english teacher at UD. Jokes are never funny especially at 8am.
stop the madness now... roooooooor.
her jokes suck; don't plagerize; hands back stuff late; resume work was helpful
good prof.. take during winter and get the easy A
She's a nice lady come to class, very easy my got an A
bizarre.
Great prof to go to with questions/requests for advice, which is sorely needed at McGill. So even though his lectures can be all over the place remember he is pretty nice if you talk to him, but keep in mind he can be a bit blunt.
Pretty nice guy. Course isn't that interesting, but he sure does know his stuff.
effective.
Eh... "S Mc C" is a sweetheart of a man, knows what he's talking about, and makes tricky philosophical material clear for his students. Unfortunately, he has the annoying habit of dodging almost every question students ask him, usually by semantics. Also, he doesn't even let people finish questions before interrupting to evade them.
S.Mc.C is the man!
Easy class, but McCall is a condescending jerk.
Doesn't put much effort into his lectures. Condescending to the students - treats them like morons. This course needs more content and less papers.
course lectures were pretty decent, but watch out for those mullet bird stories!
This guy rocks. I like how he shoots down people who make asinine points.
Very funny and his lectures aren't too bad.
he does not answer questions, or justify why he is right. besides that, he's pr
This prof makes this course very difficult and stressful. Very disappointing overall =[ *Would HIGHLY suggest Keith Williams for intro psych!
She's all about terms so make sure you know them all. Reading is a must. If you don't read you won't pass the class. She talks a lot about her husband and her personal life which is a little annoying and off topic.
She didnt always get the material coverd in class. what she did cover she went over well.
She has real enthusiasm, but you have to memorize an insane amount of terms per test. you also have around 6 online quizes that are timed and impossible to do well on. her tests are designed to trick you! in the end DONT TAKE HER CLASS!!
I can't say i would recommend this class. I took it for a general ed. requirement and because im interested in PSY. The professor is well educated and teaches with all power point. You have to take A LOT of notes and make sure you read EVERY chapter in the book. the negative about this class is THE TESTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE. Bottomline.. :(
I enjoyed her class and found the material to be very interesting. She is very passionate and enthusiastic about this subject. She can be long-winded at times and her tests are not exactly easy (questions are more conceptual rather than memorizing facts from the book) but not impossible either. She was always willing to answer questions as well.
Wasn't as bad as I thought it would be-seems intimidating at the start but as long as you kept up with the readings & came to class it was manageable. The required lit review was done in steps so it wasn't too bad & it was worthwhile to get the experience writing, even if it was painful. Lectures can be long but she gives test hints so take notes.
Forget her for Psy 225 and take Kathy Tiell.
dont take her unless you wanna work very very hard. lectures are useless. so u wont feel like going to the class. i feel i was wasting 7oo some dollars for this four credit class cos i m not gonna pass this class even wen i studied three fourth of the textbook
DONT TAKE HER!!! I am a very hard working student and studied and read the book. She has her own theories of everything and you dont know what she will test you on your tests!!!
She lectures from the book but the book has more material in it. She adds her own things to the lecture as well. You need to study hard for her exams but she's a good teacher. I liked her.
Worst class I have taken at OU. By FAR the worst professor. The material was interesting, but she made it way too hard. She was even proud of a D+ average on her exams! Dean's list student no more.
I don't care what anyone says-if you want an A with her,you need to study like crazy.Lectures don't help-I went through the book and outlined every chapter & studied that & it helped me 10x more on the test than her powerpoints.Use the online quizzes to study, too-you basically have teach yourself.
I feel defeated about my major because of this class. I'm trying but not doing as well as I would like. As a professor, she isn't good or bad really. She just talks about the book topics. There is no reason to go to class. The tests are tricky. After 3 exams, I still don't know what to study.
You don't even need to go to class if you just read the book. I read the book, only showed up for the tests, and I'm getting an A. Just READ THE BOOK
I had trouble with this class, but she was very nice and lectures were interesting.
Dr. F is really a great teacher. Her answers to questions can be a bit vague at times. It's best to follow your interests when writing your paper and communicate with her about them often. Not the prof to take if you're looking for an easy A. Be persistent with questions and let your own thirst for knowledge guide you- she won't supply one for you.
grades hard and is boring
As long as you can get past the clothes and her "anti-conformitive" attitude, she is a really intresting person. I encougage everyone to get to know her beyond just a professor because you will find that she is a very intellegant person.
man oh man, those clothes are stunning!!! there is no beauty as great as hers! She is a single rose in a garden of thorns
advice: take as a sophomore. she knows what she's teaching, but jumps around a bit. study for the tests and keep up on the reading and listening and you'll be fine.
The only teacher who can correct two papers at once... Or Sunthing like that.
she is very helpful, but class is the longest hour of the day, hard not to skip
Quite intelligent,sometimes thinks of so much at once,loses her train of thought
Slightly scattered and not really on Earth but graded fair
Cannot keep class disciplined. Otherwise, quite knowledgeable and sincere.
She is an average teacher, a bit harsh, if i had a real class with her (not FYE class) might be worse.
I'm really surprised at all the reviews on her. I took her NTDT 301 class last year and she's not that bad AT ALL. Attendance is mandatory but the subject matter was interesting and I loved the fun assignments (field trips, visiting ethnic food places, etc.). She is a little eccentric but it was actually my favorite class I've taken so far.
the tests are tricky, but gives a lot of extra credit and clicker points so going to class is important. i really like her as a teacher and got a B+ because of extra credit
she gives alot of xtra credit to help your grade. however her lectures are boring. tests are very tricky becuz they go into details which she never goes over in class.
I am a fitness major so I needed to take this nutrition class. the professor is out right terrible but she tried her best. by the 5th week of class their were only like 20ppl from 100ppl left in the class. The book is very good so expect to read it a couple times.
Extremely hard, I completely agree with what everyone is saying. While she is available, I'd not quite sure she even understands the material she is teaching. Her class sucks.
good class... i learned a lot of useful info
Graded on 4 things (attendance 25%, paper 25%, research presentation 25%, and book report 25%) grades very easy and clear. Do NOT skip class as it weighs heavy on your grade. EASY class! Do not miss an assignment. Lecture heavy and very boring but Easy A - few grades but no tests or quizzes. Some guest speakers. Some extra credit. GPA booster
The class itself isn't hard although you have to write decent papers. Attendance is mandatory but plenty of people slept to be counted. Never stay the whole time. Watch movies and do discussion questions write after for attendance. Two papers and no exam or quizes.
Its a class that has a mix of graduate students and undegraduates so its obviously not easy. But graduate students are not demigods so the class is still managable. He curves and basically only tests on things covered in lecture, but you must know EVERYTHING on the slides.
Hard but interesting class. Take only if you're interested in molecular biology or virology. Lots of work and huge amounts of material for exams. 2 exams, one term paper, a short presentation, and weekly papers to read and summarize for a grade. If you had him for molecular and did well you will do well in this course too.
Takes this class if you hate daylight b/c you will never leave the basement of mckinly. he has very high expectations, but it's good experience to learn about working in a lab.
Go to class, memorize material from PP slides = get a good grade. A lot of material, but managable.
Way, Way, way too much material on an exam. Class Avg around 50. Knowlegeable
he knows a lot but the class is only based on two 1000 word essays and a paper which can make or break your grade. i took it as a gen ed but it was a lot of work and I rlly don't recommend the class unless you like the subject
Prof. Matthee is honestly a knowledgeable person. He posts his lectures on Canvas but does take attendance. As a stem major this class was a lot of work for the essays but don't bother reading or getting the book. Lectures are interesting and take good notes you'll be set for the essays
Dr. Matthee is incredibly passionate and knowledgeable about this course. He takes attendance each class, but it is very enjoyable. The papers are hard because the prompts he provides are vague and he wants very specific details on the papers (three small one, one research paper). You can definitely improve, so do not get discouraged. I recommend!
He has a lot of knowledge about the Middle Eastern History, but I noticed him frequently confusing basic info about Islam. It's hard for a 100 level, but if you're really interested in the topic, this course is very helpful. No grading scale; no studying guide; you'd have to read and write like a graduate student; almost impossible to get an A.
Prof Matthee is extremely knowledgeable with regards to Middle Eastern History. His classes is fairly stress free because you don't really need to read the texts. Plus the tests were take home. Also one thing that'll make you succeed if you ever take his class: He grades based on content not on how well you write your paper or essays.
He has a thing or two to learn about keeping biased opinions OUT of historical lectures! Very insightful, very intelligent, profound, and intriguing, but also very wise in the ways of the world (meaning that he doesn't know much about religion, so he shouldn't talk about it as though he does). Seems arrogant, but if you're nice, then he will be too
His lectures are boring but you dont REALLY need to go to every class, just most. I got B's on the midterms and an A on the Final paper and got an A- in the class. Everything is take home--sooooo easy!!! Also the little summaries he makes you do in class are BS, i never did one and was fine, so dont bother with that.
Not much work to do, just take-home essays and a final paper. He talks about a lot of different things at once and if you space out for 30 seconds you can get lost. Material seems harder than it really is. Can sound condescending at times, but he's a nice enough guy with a (really) dry sense of humor. By far the smartest professor at UD.
Okay some of the people are right, he's scatterbrained. But I don't care, I love his classes. I learn so much and he'sreally cool. He's also like a language genius, I think he speaks like 40 or something lol. Take his class, you get something out of it, and he;s the only one at Del who teaches this.
Matthee is certainly an interesting professor. Very knowledgable, very cultured, somewhat scatterbrained. Lectures are dictated from his personal notes, which have, at times, been proven not 100% accurate during this small class. For Hist 380, grade depended solely on essay tests and final paper. If you're a good writer, you'll do well.
the only thing that saves this prof is that he really will try to help you when you need it; you just have to take the initiative. don't expect any sort of clarity or organization in the course and he is BORING... though like i said, he's a very nice man.
Although he is very very smart and knows everything about Islamic history, he is really hard to understand and jumps from point to point. He is also very understanding about pushing back dates of papers and such.
Good prof! Very soft-spoken though. Will cut class early if people start packing up. If you read, lecture makes sense. Breezes through material. Tests and essays are take-home.
class is kinda pointless since you have only take-homes.He's nice and really smart though. The class structure is kinda unorganized, so if you don't like something, tell him, and it will most likely be changed.
Class is alll lecture, but what u learn about is very interesting...the teacher doesnt affect the class in any way, if u like the material then u like the class. very nice guy, extremely smart, will help u with any question, enthusiastic
If you like history dont take this. You cover up to 10 civs in one day, and learn nothing. Very easy class though. 2 take home tests and take home final and a few short papers.
Soooo easy. I dont even take notes anymore. VERY smart. Knows like 12 languages and takes weekend trips to Iran. Very helpful if you go to him.
Dr. Grant is willing to help anyone out, which is super cool. He is kind of hard to follow, but really wants you to learn.
Pretty good teacher. You will work for your grade. Do not take if you are looking to breeze your way through the class. If you are willing to read the book, go to class, and study, you will do fine in the class.
Great Professor...take this class from her..you will learn ALOT..and it is really not that hard to get an A in this class...just have to put a little work..
she constantly shows movies degrading the african american race. the course work is fine it is the style in which it is presented.
Go to class!!!
Be on time, dont wear a hat, take notes, read the book. Gives some EC, try to get on her good side...if there is such a thing. Good prof
Not easy course...very interesting.. but be ready to do a little work
I will stab myself in the eye with a spork before I ever take her again
Pretty Fair, not an easy A so be prepared to work
He is an ok teacher, his hand writing can be a little hard to read at times and he has an accent so can be hard to understand. Lecture heavy, don't miss class, and do homework since he doesn't assign much. Tests are multiple choice. Learn the formulas, do homework, read the book or skim the highlights in the chapter and you'll do alright in class.
I had micro econ with Amer alsaji. He lectures heavy and expects you to read the book but i didnt. Take the notes he puts on the board and dont skip or sleep thru class and you should pass. Very few homework assignments. Im taking macro with him next bc his teaching style is pretty easy to follow. But he does have a heavy accent.
Easy to talk to.
Overall, is a decent teacher. Took him as an online course, and found the class very simple and easy to understand. To be honest, the class was a little dry, with very little interaction: only a chapter assignment every week and three tests throughout. The only other issue: I had to speak to him with a grading issue, and he was very unaccommodating
i enjoyed this prof
Good teacher, but has bad handwriting, and speaks bad english. He is a pretty cool guy though
Great teacher, funny, People need to look past the arab the to understand Dr. Al Saji. If you respect him he respected you and I had a lot of respect for him because of his wisdom passed on in class
The class was a little difficult but he did not expect too much from his students. At first I dredded the class but after a while I grew to appreciate his sense of humor.
teaches what you need to know. unique sence of humor
It seemed liked he was going through the motions, very flat teaching syle.
Organized, keeps you busy, could work out problems a little more.
Good teacher! He is very interesting and has a sense of humor. Dont bother buying a book, you NEVER use it. He is very smart. Overall the class was pretty cool!
My mom had him for humanities in the 7o's and he has yet to change anything from his origional guidelines. Its awesome!
He likes to lecture, but the class is really easy! Class is so simple, if you can listen, you can pass the class!
Great at keeping your attention...Explains things very well... He uses most of the material in lecture for quizzes, so pay attention and take notes. He doesnt take attendance usually. Overall I liked the course.
Berated a student until he made her cry. He gave me a 4.0 but he is still a major jerk who remains his own biggest fan. "arrogant," doesn't even begin to describe the man.
Very opinionated. He said some remarks that sterotyped a student so bad that another student mentioned it to him. He is known to make comments against religion like, "That's what's wrong with Christians. They all can't backup what they say."
Dr. Karamanlidis is very challenging professor but if you make it through this class (which many don't) you will learn a lot. He is one of my favorite teachers from college and I wish I could have had him for other classes. Very clear grading policy and no special cases.
Read the book. You will be absolutely blindsided on the midterm if you haven't done the reading, even if you've taken good notes and understand the topics covered in class. He's a funny guy, and incredibly knowledgeable.
Doug Allen is a genuinely good person, but his lack of clarity makes his courses confusing sometimes. If you can follow his thought process, you will learn a lot from his courses.
If your a leftist you will love his classes. Not very open minded. Go take a class with Micheal Palmer(POS) and learn some real philosophy. UMaine phi department is rags.
Very nice guy. Boring as hell though. Doesn't teach you anything that you wouldn't get by just reading the text.
didn't get to hear about marksit views in phi 250 - formal logic
Nice guy, but he has a tendency to beat around the bush when answering questions
Told me he put in an extension to Student Reocrds so I could make up exams during May Term but he never did. So all that work I did was for nothing. I also complained to him once because students were coming in late to class and slamming the door during exams/quizes and he responded by suggesting I am sensitive to noise. Rude! Umaine Sucks!
Very strange man. Gives outlines to the tests and if you study those you are fine. Class is usually not worth attending except for his quizzes.
i really like cohn, he's very helpful and always happy. very open minded during discussions and really encourages everyone to share their opinions. he really doesn't grade that hard on papers, i've been able to pull of A's. the quizzes are easy, and you really learn a lot from his class. good guy.
very intelligent, but a little scattered. expects a lot from you and gives a large amount of work.
Martindale is an interesting guy, and a great sense of humor, when you can actually hear him. He's quite difficult to understand in class though (talks too low), and he smells funny (probably all the smoking in the office).
Sit in front, he talks quiet, Hard to follow, he's a Genius though, very smart.
Pay attention in class and read the book
He mumbles, so you have to pay attention.Very technical. will learn a lot though
I LOVE Martindale... boring class, but one of the funniest guys I've ever met
A lot of time and work=A.I got an A-, so an A is very possible. The material is interesting, but I personally do not like how he teaches: straight memorization of EVERY word of lecture and then regurgitation for the exam. He will answer questions but can be very condescending, discouraging, and sometimes doesn't even answer your question.
Overall: A lot of time and work=A.I got an A-, so an A is very possible. The material is interesting, but I personally do not like how he teaches: straight memorization of EVERY word of lecture and then regurgitation for the exam. He will answer questions but can be very condescending, discouraging, and sometimes doesn't even answer your question.
Not too hard of a class. Gives a lot of information in lecture, so make you take good notes. He expects you to know every little detail for his exams, but if you keep up with the meterial and don't cram it in a couple nights before the test, there's no reason why you can't get an A. Also gives easy quizzes/projects to help boost your grade
hard class. requires a lot of time. take it over summer
Wow I never had a teacher that knew my major is chemistry but yet spent a whole 2 class lecture talking about protons neutrons and electrons in the most basic sense... If you like a professor that can take a 2 slide powerpoint and run with it for 3hours then that is SMITH! Beware he will put u to sleep, tired or not.
Hard, but a very good professor. You have to work hard, but thats what makes him so good. Youll study a lot but if you listen and work hard, his class will turn out good.
Knows what he's talking about. The material is fairly difficult, but very useful. His notes are direct and complete. He's not out there to trick us. Matt Kay rat he loves to be tall.
Very straight forward with material but a difficult class.
Really good teacher, keeps class interesting. Hard exams though
Difficult long examinations!! {not good}
Difficult Exams
smokes big cigars and has the exact same voice as Tom Brokaw...other than that a hard grader
He's fair, but not too easy, all you have to do is show up to class to get it.
All the information that Dr. Mostrom wants you to know is gathered, and she prints out notes for you. It may sound bad, but all you really need to do to succeed is completely memorize her slides. The notes were lengthy, but she gives you all the information she wants you to know up front.
There's no need to go to class because she just spends 50 minutes typing notes into a powerpoint. Her tests are pretty easy and come straight from the slides. No need for the text book either, just memorize the slides and you'll be fine.
That woman is on something. She loves what she does but you walk out of that class remembering nothing. Take Wolbach!
A great bio teacher , its great to have a professor who loves what shes doing. The class is hard and ALOT of memorization. The test also have become harder than previous years, dont expect to learn the backed tests and earn a good grade.
I hated this class. He's an interesting guy, but he doesn't teach at all. He has guestspeakers every day which is boring and pointless, while the information we actually need to know is on powerpoints online which he never goes over. The midterm is online, but some of the information isn't even in the powerpoints. Attendance: mandatory quiz grade.
I had Roy for advanced scuba and we blew air rings the whole time!!! He's really cool, and jokes around. He knows his stuff, but lets you play around when you are done!
Professor Daniel is a wicked cool dude and his class is actually pretty easy. Business school students at UMaine have no idea how easy they have it compared to other majors at the school. They don't expect to have to work hard or study a lot. Prof Daniel expects you to. I did fine in this class and you will too if you actually want to learn.
As a marketing major I was excited to take this course but after taking it with Daniel, I'm just glad its over. He is very smart and helpful if you go talk to him, but his classes are pointless to attend. The exams are very hard and he is a hard grader of the labs.
So this class is definitely something you will have to study for. The final project isn't half as bad as he makes it seem just make sure you get with a good group. His tests are literally right from the text so don't bother to pay attention to his lectures.
Ok here's the scoop. Dr. Daniel IS a good guy. He is a very pleasant teacher and interesting to listen to. The catch is that despite the fact that he appears to be very clear in class as to what he expects, its very difficult to determine what he's looking for. I just don't get it... I understand the concepts but still do poorly. wierd...
She rarely offered me any feedback on MY work. Everyone else got some, though.
I came, i saw, i conquered nothing
Favoritism, Pickiness, in art 100?!?! What?
She expected too much out of people that had no art backgrounds whatsoever. My first time painting since middle school and she expected me to paint like a master.
Work load was inconsistant, knows her stuff, way too much work
Dr. Van Wallendael is a pretty tough professor for Psych 1101 especially considering its just an intro gen ed. The tests are hard, but if you start studying a week or two in advance you will probably do okay. The lectures are generally unhelpful on the exam. I would take another professor for Psych 1101 if you can.
She is a good professor, however, the design of the intro psych courses is not for me. It is a hybrid setting so you basically have all of the professors who teach this class rather than just her. Meeting once per week + having additional lectures online. The tests were very hard. Enjoyed the prof. but not the class overall.
Typical, boring lectures. LOTS of reading, but some are interesting. Exams are a little rough, but other grades make it up and she drops one exam grade. Not a bad class, wouldn't take it again though lol
Weekly assignments and quizzes. Material is difficult but she explains it well. Quizzes are hard but you get 3 retakes. Exams are lockdown webcam. Prepare to read and study to do well in this course
Wallendael is alright. If you took AP psych in high school then you're solid, entering this course with no background knowledge is going to be tough. She included random questions from lectures into heavily weighted unit exams which was super annoying. Easy class if you just do the work, but I would just recommend a different prof.
Make sure to read chapters bc the tests and quizzes cover more than what is provided in the lecture videos. Four exams and a final. Make sure to take notes on the chapter! Shes not the friendliest but if that doesnt bother you then you should be okay.
Wallendael was an okay professor in my opinion. There is a lot of reading in this course. The reading was okay. The exams were pretty difficult. Some questions were worded very confusing which made it even harder. She does not do reviews to at least know what will be on the exams. She does respond quickly to emails and tries her best to help.
I took this course over the summer and mind you , we only have 5 weeks. She literally squeezed what we would do in a 16 week period to 5. We had three quizzes , an exam , and a packback assignment due every week along with her 1 to 2 hour lectures. It made it nearly imposible to learn and complete assignments.
Her course is reading heavy, you have chapter work due every week. The class isnt bad itself just the amount of work can be intense. Taking notes is extremely beneficial. The final exam is a brief overview about what you did in the class, not too much detail.
Read your syllabus!!! She's a very "by the book" type of lady!
This class was 50% online. The lectures basically go over the reading assigned each week. Clicker questions every class so you might as well go. Chapter exam for each chapter and 3 multi media assignments/quizzes each week online. Tests cover way too much material in my opinion. She's not a great teacher and is kind of rude, but could be worse
This class was okay, there's a lot of material covered. The class I took was 50% online so we met once a week, and there were online assignments every week. The work wasn't hard and helps you make a better grade. The final is hard, but if you do all the work its an easy B. You have a clicker quiz every class so attendance is kind of mandatory.
Her hybrid class is very time consuming. If you keep up with every chapter's readings and quizzes you should do fine. She is not very helpful when it comes to online work. If you have difficulties, sorry, your loss. Make sure your computer is reliable.
Only went to class 3-4 times. Powerpoint slides are online and she directly teaches off of them. Study the powerpoint slides with the chapters in the book and you will do good on the exams. Comprehensive final!!!
most boring class ever!
tsad was kinda hard, his homeworks are kind of difficult but he does help a lot if you ask him and also helps a lot if you go to drill and ask him there, no textbook, and 3 tests plus the final to replace your lowest one, tests are similar to the hw's, the class is difficult material and your final grade will reflect on how you like the couv or not
He is a very nice guy and is pretty entertaining. His tests are ridiculous. Good luck.
.....very very strange individual. Helpful and interesting but is easily sidetracked and always has a clueless expression on his face. Yet overall I guess he was an okay teacher.
intro to ME. seems really cool. when you talk to him one on one, he's a real jerk. has fun projects, and the class is overall easy yet fair. only class i ever took with him, but he's funny and trivial, and fair. out of class, he thinks you're just a waste of time.
the class is pretty boring, and if you take the tuesday thursday classes it gets tough to last through the whole class. just take good notes and you'll be ok. i went to half the classes. he's straight forward about essays and tests, but there arent many grades, so u gotta make it count
The class was extremely boring. He talks from start to finish. At the end of each class you leave with about 4-5 pages of notes. He seems like a pretty nice guy but he can write some pretty rude things on papers. Overall the course and the professor weren't bad. Just catch up on your sleep before you go. Take the course if you want to.
Great professor as far as presenting and teaching goes. As far as grading, raise your hand a lot and go to his office hours for a better grade. I worked pretty hard just for a B and he is never really clear on what he wants.
Nice guy but my only B of the semester. You have to be a major suckup to get an A - go see him in his office hours. Keeps class interesting and worth taking but completely subjective grader.
He is such a cute british man! I want to pinch his cheeks - he is that adorable! Soft spoken, so sit in the front row.
very cool prof., easy exams....he gives essay questions ahead of time
It's all about how you interact with him.No butt kissing needed, just don't ever take him too seriously.Good guy, only problem is he seems to want to make botany more complicated than it really is; his answers go in circles. It's an interesting subject, and so is he, just show genuine interest. Easiest course I've taken to date.
Very opinionated professor. Can be rude and snippy at times, but the class is not that hard. Put the time in it and study you cant get a A. Three 2 page papers are required and a meal project at the end and three test. Not hard, but not easy either.
Guy knows his stuff. He's pretty funny at times. His tests are difficult and requires extensive thinking. Memorizing the material won't help much. Offers tons of extra credit opportunities. Make sure you do at least 75% them, if you don't, it'll make a significant impact on your final grade. Exams are 25% multiple choice & rest fill in/short answer
He`s got personality issues. He is so rude and into your face, and oh, if he is ur advisor, makes u sick to ur stomach.though I enjoyed the course. at least he doesnt teach plant bio anymore.
iggnorant freshmens; professor is verry trickish, he likes to make u think. Makes u learn MOSTTT of the stuff thru ur labs, and forces his "masculine (paula)" TA'S to teach it to ya.
good teacher, hard tests, keeps attention of class...goofy
I hate plants, but this guy's pretty goofy. A good teacher to pick on.
He's very odd, but not a bad teacher
The first half of the course is very politically orientated and I am a biology major so that was rough. Only 2 exams, lots of material so when you get to the exam you need to know everything. Loves when you agree with her liberal opinion and when you use examples from all the readings in class. HARD A, Fair B, Probably C+.
In class essays are nerve wracking. Grading is unclear. Don't know if it is possible to get an A out of this class! If you want to know about healthcare, you will come out of this class a lot more informed, good class for any major
Palley is a good teacher. Initially it bothered me that we covered so much poli sci in a cross-listed poli sci/soci class, but it was overall a good mix. Minimal comments on papers so you don't know why you got that grade and in-class essay exams are terrifying. If you're interested in healthcare, take the class; she teaches it well.
Palley is decent. her lectures can be kind of unclear at time, she likes going on tangents. but her exams and assignments are reasonable, and she's a pretty fair grader so her class isn't too hard
Palley is great-- very comprehensible, knowledgeable, and intellectually-stimulating. Just go to class, take notes, and you'll be fine.
I really enjoyed taking this class wiht prof. palley. She knows so much and has had such first hand experiences. Her stories are interesting and relevant to to the class. She's a bit of hard grader, but I would definitely reccomend her and this class
told me I'm not going to get into grad school cause my gpa isnt over 3.8. also told me my majors are a waste, basically not the best advisor
Do not read book or assigned readings, just go to class and take great notes. Exams are completely from notes and if you write what she wants, easy A.
Whitmeyer is very humorous and makes the boring material somewhat bearable. Two-paged paper summaries are due every week. In order to pass the tests, you must attend class and take notes. There's a studyguide and he's extremely helpful and occasionally offers extra credit.
It's a requirement for the major, so you're going to have to take it regardless of whether you like it or not. Whitmeyer is fun. I will be having him again this fall because he's really just a cool guy with a hilarious sense of humor (you'll laugh both at him and the joke). 3 tests in total; you have to study...don't complain!
Tough class, but open-book tests.
I liked him, but it wasn't an easy class. Lot of information, and taking good notes is difficult if you expect him to write out what he wants you to know. You have to literally copy every word he says and read the material. He also doesn't review the correct answers for the tests. But he is funny at times, and teaches the material decently.
He uses a lot of movie clips to supplement lectures which makes them more interesting. Tuesday is lecture and Thursday is class discussion which is your participation grade. I never went to a single discussion and made it out with a B. I knew nothing about warfare going into this class, but it is really easy to pass. Nothing bad to say about him.
3 essays (10% each), 3 exams (15% each), 2 textbooks. He is a slow talker and his British accent sometimes makes it difficult to understand. He gives lecture on his notes and says you won't pass if you don't have lecture notes. He is an okayy professor. The discussion class for this lecture is honestly not needed.
Pretty good professor, but be careful with the tests. He loves "all of the above" and "none of the above" responses and switches up words so answers sound right but aren't. Messed me up a couple times. But he is always willing to talk over your test and is very nice!
MacKenzie's a cool guy and really funny but his class is kind of hard. He's a tough grader and the final grade was only determined by 4 grades (the paper, the midterm, discussion days participation, and the final), and you never really knew how you were doing in the class until the end. Overall, cool guy tough class so just be prepared.
If you're not a history major (I'm biology), you won't follow his lectures well. He is very confusing and mumbles a lot. I waited too late in the semester to realize I should have just gotten the book. I have 4 upper level science courses with A's in each and a C going into this history final. Tests are confusing.
He s from UK, so he has a great accent that will keep you listening. A little hard to follow where he s going in lecture, but not impossible. His tests are extremely fair and super easy if you come to class. He plays clips to prove pointsshow examples and one class he danced and lip sank to a fake national anthem to show nationalism. SO FUNNY.
Sure he's a funny person but I couldn't have been more bored in this class. He talked in circles and although the midterm and final were pretty simple, writing a 12 page paper on choices between one specific battle, whether or not using war elephants was good or bad, what chariots were used for etc. is not worth it. 12 pages.
This class was not as easy as I had anticipated. I would study for a whole week and maybe make a B. He was a really nice guy and if you wanted to ask him anything he was very willing to help but I had a very difficult time following him. His tests were also very tricky. If you are a non-history major I wouldn't recommend taking this class.
I was taking this class just for fun because I love history, but I did not enjoy it. MacKenzie lectures are extremely boring and hard to follow. One day of the week is devoted to watching a film followed by a discussion of the film, but the films are boring and the discussions seem to be a statement of the obvious. 3 easy exams and a 12 pg paper.
Dont buy the book..he'll even tell you that. Gives us outlines, which makes it easier to follow lecture. Attendance isnt mandatory, but if you go, you'll get notes to help you on the test. One 8 page research paper, but it isnt that bad.
he chill like that
very easy A. If you know basic middle school math and show up you are guaranteed to pass. only thing is he is super boring and sitting though the class was a struggle. give a lot of test but very easy and basic.
York is a nice guy but he can sometimes be difficult to understand. He talks VERY fast and can sometimes get off track. Tests and quizzes are easy if you are willing to study and work out problems. He is willing to help and gives many opportunities for extra credit
not a terrible teacher. explains things well, tests are somewhat difficult though, just pay attention in class and occasionally do a homework or two.
I don't think he's half bad. York is nice, he gets right to the point and I've actually done good in his class. That says something because I HATE math. I still hate it but I'm doing decent. So I'd deff recommend him.
he goes fast&doesn't check homework. 3 quizes&4 tests. the final is worth 25% and so it your highest test grade. The other two tests are worth 20%. He drops your lowest quiz grade. I thought the class was easy but a lot of people did bad. There is a lot of information crammed into one test. If you did well with high school math you'll be fine.
He's a really nice guy. He moves a bit fast when he's lecturing, but if you pay attention you should be able to follow. He always makes time for as many homework questions as possible, even if he says he "only has time for one." If you do all the homework, you should be fine on the tests, he really tries to help his students.
Good professor overall. Definitly need to sit in the front of the class to understand him. Tests / quizes aren't hard as long as you understand the material. Easy to approach when it comes time to extra help. Knows his material well and curves all the tests /quizes definitly take the class w/him its really not hard.
He's hard to understand sometimes, but he knows what he's talking about, and will answer any question you have. Tests are easy, gives review sheets. recommend him
He's very smart, knows what he's talking about but doesn't know how to teach it. Very confusing and unorganized and half the time it sounds like he's mumbling. You can still pass the class with a 50 tho. Goes into too much detail that most other classes won't...if u can, take it with someone else!
Very disorganized. Ever seen his office? It looks like a bomb went off in there. And I thought my room was a mess
Batkay is very quirky and sometimes condescending but can be funny with what he says be it intentionally funny or not. He likes to rant a lot and those are always interesting. He's an interesting guy to say the least and the class is pretty easy since he pretty much just rants and goes over readings. His handwriting is horrible though.
In all honesty,Batkay's best taught class is Intro to Politics. I've had him for several other classes and he just lectures and goes on tangents.Intro had the back and forth(ask question-answer) flow that made it worth while and useful. All in all you either love/like him or hate him.He can be a little crude, but he's not a bad guy.
Agreed with the author of the last comment before me. He is side tracked all the time and is constantly trying to impress his students with Yiddish words like we need to know.At times can be very disrespectful and irritable. He gives two tests and weekly quizzes.
ive had em for two classes, comparative politics and into to politics. love the guy hes awesome. idc what others say. he is sometimes hard and arrogant, but awesome
This professor is crazy. He will insult any body in their face. Overall funny professor. Cracks jokes on people. his teaching style is ok. his work is do-able. not to much work during the semester. Just mid term and final and sometimes weekly quizes and a paper but all are easy to do.
easy? try needing to know every detail in the book...hes a good professor, he knows what hes talking about, but every quiz half the class got 60s or lower
He will definitely keep you awake, but that is only because he speaks about 50 volumes louder than everyone else. Loves to curse, but that is only because he gets very passionate about the subject. Final and Midterm were difficult and the entire grade was based on them, but the class itself can be extremely rewarding. He is entertaining if nothing.
Good Teacher. Interesting readings and quizzes.
this is the greatest prof in the planet..amazing thinker..he is very easy..the reasony why he's easy is because he keeps you interested in the subject, therefore your never dosing off and day-dreaming...he's loud as hell, but it is awesome..take this man or you'll regret it.
I took him for intro to politics. I did not enjoy the teacher or the textbook we used. The tests were not too hard, but the textbook was not very interesting and the lecture was just his boring interpretations of a boring textbook.
The comments under me are accurate. He is hard. His tests are impossible. I got a 73/100 and was in the top 5 in the class. He curves tests though. Go to class, follow his directions exactly for homework, and do the online quiz at the end of every chapter of the book for the tests. He puts on a tough front, but he is actually nice. I got a B.
Great teacher :). Just know what your topic is going to be for the research paper. do the hmwk and read the book.
He's not that bad. Every week you have homework and all you have to do is FOLLOW exactly the templates on his textbooks or examples on the back of the book. But his tests are really hard, no doubt about that. overall, his alright!
This class really is not hard, you just have to follow directions exactly. The tests are pretty hard but are pretty much straight from the textbook.
Stay Away!!!! Do not take him-horrible "teacher." I didn't learn anything! Absolutely condescending to students. So bad I complained about him to the department and the Dean! Soc. students beware!! I don't know anyone who's gotten higher than a C in his class.
don't need to go to class. just turn in the weekly assignments. tests are HARD, but lecture has nothing to do with them...has a tendency to have totally unrelated or non-helpul lectures. read the book, that'll help.
Seems kinda mean in the beginning..little things will just set him off..You don't really need to go to class except to turn in weekly assignments because his lectures don't really help at all. Read the book and you should do fine on the tests. Assigments will help in the end with the 20-page paper.
He's not as bad as these comments would lead you to believe. He IS tough, but warms up toward the end. Very strict about ASA style, realize this and follow directions, and you will do well in his class. Tests are hard (50% of your grade for 2 tests, eep), good study groups with other students help.
Hard tests! Homework every week and can be stressing, but it helps you put the big paper together at the end. Lectures are boring!! Do all of the homework and you'll be fine!
Frustrating. Cares more about form of paper rather than content and assigns a lot of busy work. tests are extremely difficult. Our class average was a 63%. Take someone else for this class.
Very frustrating teacher, has a tendency to not listen, but can be funny and sarcastic. Class can be boring, HW every week. Doesn't curve - I got the second highest grade in the class, which was a B.
He seems hard at first but if you follow the exact templates that he gives you it is easy. He curves the tests grades lots cause everyone fails. He is kinda funny at times but boring class. Keep up with the work and it should be a decent grade.
He seems hard at first but once you follow his style format it becomes easier
Very personable, very understanding. Make sure you read the examples from the txtbook and incorporate them in your essays. Also cite psychologists in your essays will give u xtra "impress me pts". Read the TXT, ask your questions.
Not so bad, but his tests are kind of a surprise...you have to really study EVERYTHING, notes and book, to do well. But, an "A" is difinitely possible if you do the work.
Honestly seems like a nice guy. He's strange he basically said in the syllabus don't email him. His exams and "quizitios" are worded strangely, so make sure you watch his lectures and know the readings he provides. Didn't read textbooks much personally, don't buy free PDFs online. 15 mini-quizzes, 5 exams, 6 DB posts, 5 homework Qs assignments
Johnston definitely understands the subject. His lectures and the reading assignments are long a detailed. Take good notes. Take advantage of the study sessions with his Teaching Assistants That's the surest way of getting a study guide for the exam. The course is point intensive. Johnston can be very manipulative. Stay on top of your work.
I thought the class was challenging, but in a good way. The learning material was very interesting and it kept me engaged in the class. I would highly recommend going over the readings thoroughly, because a lot of his test questions are based on specific readings. Perfect attendance and completing the assignments is key as well.
attendance is mandatory, 5 questions on reading due weekly, three tests and one final. I worked REALLY hard and got a B. Definitely not easy but he is a great professor, very interesting and keeps things new and fresh. I would take another class with him for sure. DO not take if you are trying to get an easy A though
I loved taking this class because Johnston is very intelligent and will teach you a lot if you are open to it. If you are a slacker don't take the course because you need to read and attend if you want an A. I only missed 3 days all semmester and got a B+ which was a little lower than I thought I deserved but still good obviously.
He's a swell guy but I felt that while I understood his material when he was teaching it, it never seemed to transcend the same way on the exams, even with the study guides. I wasn't the only one that felt that way. Attendance counts with weekly questions. His cumalitive final was ridiculous. I won't lie, the class is more of an easy B, not an A.
his class is very hard, he is very organized, attendance counts a lot , and the weekly questions do as well. study sessions are very helpful, you must read the book. i wouldnt recommend this professor to anyone
He is a strange character. Pretty dorky. Many out burst to "keep class awake" he says. Takes attendence. Takes points if absent. Many pop quizzes. 3 tests, final comprehensive. Go to study sessions, read books, attend class often, take good notes (aside from his notes) kind of hard but read read rea
This class is hard. The books used are hard to understand and the "quizzitos" are confusing and hard.I attended all classes,did work and barely passed. But he is a great professor.
I thought it was a really hard class for an exploration class. It is not an easy A class. You have to work really hard to get a good grade. Attend every class!
This class was so-so, BUT! (if you take the class, you'll understand) Professor Johnston is cool. Kinda a lot of reading. But overall not bad.
Cool guy with lots to teach. No need to read the material, just go to class, do your questions and take good notes. Also, attend the study sessions-all the questions are from the test!
BORING.......long classes. test are somewhat hard. oh did I say BORING?
He is always in a good mood. His tests are a bit wordy and not always clear.
Professor Pershing really knows what she is talking about. I'm really thankful that I got to take this class before she retired. Great instructor with a vast well of knowledge. Books were interesting and must be read!
Her teaching style is dry and hard to sit through. Read the books to do good on the tests. One easy paper on a serial killer.
Teacher was good. 3 tests and one paper. tests are hard but there is alot of reading, 2 books. she is not friendly and could care less if your in class. go to class for lecture and hope for a C.
I thought this class would have been really cool but you pretty much learn all you are going to learn in the first 3 weeks. The tests are super hard and there is one paper. Did not really get much out of her class as it was somewhat redundant
Classes were great. Go to class and read all of the material. She is a very cold person though. Must stem from her underprivileged childhood...
The class was great but the professor wasn't very friendly.
tough class but worth it, u definitely learn from lectures, excellent prof.
As a person she's very sweet, as a professor the structure of her class was just really hard. I would recommend you to take this class with a different professor if you don't like exams. I didn't do well with the exams, but she gave me a chance to really vouch for my grade before grades were final. I did well on the papers, they were very easy.
Kind person overall, did not explain assignments well. Grades based all on tests and one large research project that was pretty confusing.
The class is based on four quizzes and a research project, it is pretty straightforward if you are up to date with her lectures & modules. You need the textbook if you want to pass. The tests are not that bad but it is also not that easy so READ! Talk to her out of class, she's actually a really sweet lady! Wish she had more extra credit though!
Her lectures are all straight from the book, but I found it helpful to attend class to ask questions and hear examples. Her lectures are very boring and took up the entire 2 hour and 40 minute class. Also, the exams are very difficult so go to each class and stay til the end for those EC points because they were the only reason I passed.
This class is an easy A as long as you keep up with the readings and complete the assignments. She isn't a tough grader. The subject matter is interesting and relevant to the border region, but the class materials are extremely dated. The professor speaks during the entire class and students aren't given the opportunity to engage with the material.
"So pretty much....." Class isn't so bad take advantage of EC. I recommend reading the book before tests. Grading is weird she weights the tests differently I thought I got A's on at least 2 and ended up with B+'s. whatever. Goes through powerpoints too quickly couldnt write everything down fast enough and does not allow laptops!!! Easy enough
Professor Ojeda is an all around decent prof.
Class was pretty easy. 3 Tests straight from the book. One panel discussion in class, easy. Extra credit from quizzes in class can make or break your grade. She can be unclear in the lecture so read the text. Recommend showing up to class for the extra credit quizzes. One 8-10 page paper thats not difficult. Funny accent
nice professor... unorganized and unclear about directions at times. buy old edition of book to use. tests are easy and completely from book. don't bother taking class notes. panel discussion was very easy. no group work necessary and limited research for it.
Great professor, she is very passionate about what she teaches. Be prepared for an unorthodox way of teaching, but she keeps the class interesting.
Took a class with her a few semesters back. Never again.
She is sooo nice and interesting. I don't have a real good idea how I'm doing in her class, it's difficult to tell, but I think she's pretty easy. She's level-headed and innovative.
would be a better h.s. teacher, didn't teach a thing
Extremely easy!!! Just make sure that she makes the assignments crystal clear.
She reminds me more of a high school teacher than a college professor :-/
She was nice, her TA, CJ on the otherhand was a straightup jerk! interesting class though. she's not boring at all. test's aren't hard, you just have to make sure you know every single poem, who wrote them and what they're about. If her TA isn't CJ, then you should be good with just her!
That's mean. She can't help making those faces.
Actually, I liked her even though she did little to mask her dislike for me. It's sort of sad because she has had the most influence upon my study of literature. What's wrong with some people? Seems that the smarter they are the meaner they can be.
good teacher, hard summer course, did the best she could. very helpful. don't read, just follow class lectures, and you're golden!
I came. I saw. I left.
When the women in the class start jawing up a storm you can't get a word in edgewise, but if you do you better be ready for some cold looks. Not a guy's class or teacher at all.
She is very nice, but I think she only sees HER way on papers. I'm an Eng major and I'm struggling because of her grading on papers. I would not take her again in this course.
moody, unpredictable personality
she's a nice woman but makes things harder than they should be, laugh is annoyin
Overall a decent professor. Super super lecture heavy and mainly just goes over stuff that's in the textbook. Extra credit is engrained in participation in the class through Poll Everywhere.
Dr. Miller is retiring this semester. Good professor who is clearly passionate, and if that helps you to be passionate than you will love his class. He changes as it goes depending on the semester (my class had a paper where we had to disprove chatGPT). It's a tough class due to all the concepts you're likely to hear about for the first time
Prof. Miller says everything you need to pass the class in his lectures. A little hard to consistently pay attention, but i passed without doing any of the readings.
Class works well with Science of Water if you take one after the other. Daily quizzes on clickers count for large portion of grade and serve as attendance tracker. Textbook is required but if you take notes at all lectures and do the optional study guides on blackboard you'll pass the daily quizzes and 3 tests.
Go to class, clicker points are a good percentage of your grade. Do the modules and get A's on them. They are tedious and time consuming but not difficult. The quizzes are your best friend, study them, every question, most of them will be on the exam. Read the textbook material for the clicker questions. If you do all of these, its an easy A.
He is a good professor. He helps you if you ask for the help since its a huge class. His online quizzes look a lot like the exams so make sure you study the quizzes, they aren't for credit but help study for his exams. The class itself is pretty boring unless your really into geographical sciences. His class isn't hard as long as you put work in.
He is very passionate, but boring and dull. It is hard not to sleep and goof off in class. What you need to do to get an A in this class is take all the online practice quizzes for good exam grades, and do all the learning modules. Textbook not necessary.
class is boring and hard to understand, especially considering it's entry level...but Miller is obviously passionate about the material and is very willing to help anyone that asks for it. Usually curves grades because the material is hard. Good guy and decent professor...if you go to class and read the book you should be okay.
Very hard for an introuductory course. He will help you if you need it. Lectures are too difficult to understand. AVOID TAKING THIS CLASS!!!!
Not a hard course but you have to know your information, teacher knows his stuff
The class itself is very mundane so it can be hard to stay engaged. He is very adamant about making sure you get the material and are able to pass the class though! Insistent jokes about community colleges essentially being less than and inferring they are for people with lower intelligence leading to an inept ability in traditional universities.
Professor Hansen is a kind man. He can ramble like none other, so I found his lectures to get a little frustrating. That being said, he's the most accessible teacher I've ever had in an online course and more than willing to always help his students no matter what the issue.
The good: The class homework was all online, the tests are heavily based on the practice quiz test bank, there is extra credit and the prof drops your lowest test score. The bad: The class was a little unorganized, the professor fell behind, so we had to play catch up, the difficulty curve is ridiculous. You need to be OK with independent learning
BA325. Lectures were a bit of a drag mostly due to content. This teacher was very helpful in terms of reviewing/answering questions as well as providing information about the quizzes and tests.
Hansen is a great teacher and is willing to help with anything if you are struggling. Be ready to do a lot of work though. It is not very hard but time consuming. You need to remember the D2L quizzes for his tests. You also need to make sure you do the SAM projects. Based on Access and Excel, which if you have back ground you will pass the class.
Nice teacher, but I left the course thinking I didn't learn a whole lot.
If you like reading textbook and memorizing them, take this class. During class he "lectures" by going on subjects he thinks are important, but is never touched upon in the tests. To pass this class, you have to get good grades on all his online work (quizzes, NJR's , Sams project) Reread the textbook if you are struggling.
It was difficult to stay awake in this class. If you memorize the NJR's (online quizzes) and do the case studies (Extra credit cases are about the same as the cases. Do those to solidify your grade), then you will Ace this class. No need to come to the non quiz nights or stay after you're done with your quiz. Unfortunate, but that's all to do well.
Horrible teacher! You will regret taking this class! The class is taking quizzes online based off word for word book definitions. Class is unbearable and pointless he doesn't teach anything. 5 exams with worst score dropped. Good teacher for an easy A not if you care about your education!
Boring classes and harder material but he gives more than enough opportunity to get a good grade. Do the work and you will be fine. If you slack off and dont do the "optional work" you will suffer more.
Memorize all the quizzes and you'll pass the tests just fine. Didnt do case studys or excel assignments ( were all optional) and got a steller grade! Just meorize all book definitions!!!! NOT KIDDING Attendance is not required at all! MEMORIZE ALL BOOK DEFINITIONS AND QUIZ ANSWERS AND YOU WILL PASS WITH GOOD GRADE. HE JUST REPEATES BOOK WORDFORWOR
Ended up with a B+ in class. The Access book was worthless and it didn't prepare me for the last test. He doubled the work load with learning Access the last half of the term after midterms, kind of ridiculous to say the least. Overall I thought the class was a waste time and money.
Hansen is cool. His idea of doing Nerd Jeopardy really kept me up on the reading... He's much nicer to women... If you go to him for help, he'll help you even if it's 1:00am in the morning! The only hard thing is the last Microsoft Access assignment. Don't procrastinate! I paid the price and got a B instead of an A!!!
Hansen's awesome. His stories are hilarious and he gives good insight in Information Systems... You have to work hard for him to like you though, or else he's pretty brutal.
Very demanding class, requires mass amounts of work. But there is little instruction, there is a group quiz everyday, but before that we go over the previous day's quiz. That is the extent of his instruction for the class.
The amount of work given is ridiculous. I wish I would have dropped this class. As an engineering major taking CHEM 1251, Calc 2, and ENGR 1201 I don't have time for all of his work. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS.
well she is kind of addicted to uppers. It seems that she comes in high sometimes or maybe it's just the caffeine she drinks - either way she totally looked messed up at least twice so far in the semester. Her tests suck.
Toma is very nice and helpful. material is very interesting, but there is a lot of it and you have to know it ALL. take the class if you are willing to work hard and learn. i enjoyed it, but it was stressful at times, i ended up with a B.
Honest rating-she is a VERY kind person. However, I didn't care for her class. It consisted of maybe 10 minutes of notes followed by another hour of group therapy. Toma is very lively which helps but she is ALL over the place. It's impossible to take good notes and to know what's going to be on the exam. It's not hard to get an A but its not fun.
I took this class because I heard it was easy and it was. I went to class and read the aweful outdated book and didn't learn anything. I wish I challenged myself with more interesting material, even if it would have been harder. Take another class unless you need an easy one.
she was a really cool lady, but she did have the tendency to go off on tangents. LOTS of notes, but if you study those, plus a few sections of the course text, it's an easy A.
She's basically a man. Likes to hump the floor during lecture. "Buh-buh-buh" (trust me you'll know what that means if you take this class). Not the easiest psych class, but not hard. Constantly late, often just doesn't show up. If you manage to keep up with her babbling during class, you'll get an A
seems like an easy class..but its not that easy..her examz are kind of tricky..she asks a lot of percentages..pay close attention to her notes ..alot of questions come from the notes...
Yes she is easy, so if you are after an easy "A" look no further. However I think that her students would get more out of her class if she was a bit more organized.
She's a very interesting and lively professor and tells very amusing stories. The class is quite easy as long as you went to class, took good notes, and read the book. I would recommend taking Toma over any other professor any day.
The class is easy and the exams are easy. However, Dr. Toma can be rude at times. Doesn't have any time to listen to you after class because she runs off and only gives you the time of day if you have psycho problems.
Mr. Choi gave only 2 tests throughout the semester which are heavy on the textbook. You have to read the textbook and there's weekly assignments due. If you're late, thats 20% off and there's no extra credit available.
He doesn't write stuff down on the boards so you have to be pay attention and writing down notes. He assigns a whole lot of reading and if you read you might understand a lot of the time the readings are so long and boring. He genuinely knows what he's talking about but if you have him you actually have to try to pass. Curved the midterm+ final.
Grading was weekly homework, midterm, final, and participation. Way too hard. Homework took hours and would result in Fs. Midterm was also too hard and he gave us up to 17 points on final class grade since so many people were failing. He said there is too much grade inflation, so he gives out bad grades. Someone got an answer key, so some got As.
quizzes are easy if you read the book adn he gives huge curves easy A if you are willing to read teh book
One of your average professors. Decent quality. You will do a lot of work in his class and work for your grade. Can be unclear at times and expects his students to do a lot on their own, but overall he's alright. Take him if you're up for a "challenging" course, avoid if you want an "easy" liberal studies course.
Very fun class to go to.. Discussion everyday in class.. No homework.. But his tests are ridiculous. He grades like a graduate teacher. Come on, this is ethics. Not Master's Thesis. Nice guy but he seems to think he is always right on controversial topics.
Tests are not incredibly hard if you do the assignments and study with the study guide. He has a typical pscyhology professor bad attitude... he's very cynical. Don't take him if you are offended by profanity, it's all that comes out of his mouth!!
Lots of material to learn but taught basically from the book
Extremely intelligent man, you will learn a lot. Lectures were a bit hard to follow but he was great at answering questions. READ THE BOOKS! He talks a lot about immigration, imperialism, and third world politics; he'll love you if you talk about those points in your essays!
This was an informative class, but not a good breadth requirement since there is a lot of work. Dr. Miller is a good guy, but his teaching style is relatively scattered and unorganized, which makes it hard to learn. The only things students are graded on are two exams, a twenty page paper and attendance. Take only if you are really committed.
Challenging, but really interesting. It WAS really detailed and exams hard, but it's not as bad as some people have said. Good to take if you are taking a smaller load of classes, not if you are taking other difficult ones.
Knowing French doesnt make you a political science god, but he seems to think so. EVERYTHING in the class seemed to be about the French...
I took two classes from him. He def. does not make interesting topics very interesting but he is very helpful and if you go to him for help you will do fine in his class.
Very knowledgable; hard grader. Sometimes confusing lectures.
Late assignments no prob. tough grader. knows his stuff. passionate professor.
Although I learned a lot from this class, I was not impressed with the professor. I felt she was very condescending in her explanations/feedback, and assignments were never good enough--she always found something wrong even minor details. She is very detail-oriented and not exactly in touch with today's classrooms. Definitely knows her stuff though
Not hard at all. I never went to the class after the first exam and I still did great. He posts the PowerPoint online and the information is pretty straight forward so no need to go to class unless you are struggling.
he thinks hes hilarious but not always that funny. sometimes he is very rude if you walk in late, and almost always calls you out for it. goes through the PP lectures rather quickly but he does post them on BB. he's very 'eh'.
Stine is a funny teacher, but he's also a bit stubborn and old fashioned. He doesn't allow any drop labs, won't tell you if you're right on lab problems, and refuses to post his powerpoints online. His tests are extremely difficult, but his class is decent.
He was interesting to stay awake for, but his tests were a little outragous
He's sarcastic and funny so I loved him and this class. If you go to lectures and take good notes it's really not that bad. After each lecture I would rewrite the notes and then make notecards and I ended with a 3.5. You can go on Koofer's too and theres notecards you can compare yours to. There's no homework, the whole class is based on 3 tests.
I went to the first lecture and the exam lecture, and got the easiest 4.0 ever, but I also knew about natural science going into it. However, he talks down to students that ask for clarification on things he considers simple, and his emails had condescending language, as if we were all stupid.
Class was moderately interesting. You must show up in order to get a good grade. It is very important to study, there is a lot of material.
Doug MacNeil was one of those professors who would be better suited for in person classes. His online format was disorganized and his grading methods as well as assignment instructions were unclear. Despite his faults, he cares about his students and wants them to succeed. Get him talking about sailing to get on his good side.
The assignments are relatively the same each week: read the chapter, do the practice test, and then a quick quiz on the previous weeks chapter. I never once touched the book. On one of the class project assignments, I did not do it right, so I emailed him and he responded right away. He explained where I went wrong and allowed me to resubmit.
Prof. McNEAL is very good at his job. He's all about the business side of things and how knowledge gained in the class will be applied in real life projects.Be prompt or else there may be consequences (especially when there's a deliverable to be submitted). One thing I didn't like was that some BB assignments would disappear before their deadline.
From what I understand each semester evolves from the last based upon student opinions. Overall this class is an easy A if you just do the homework which he basicly assigns just to make students open there books Tests were fairly easy Classlong project is what you want it to be and has potential for
left things so open-ended it was hard to tell where you should be on projects. felt like he talked down to students sometimes and enjoyed being the guy in charge.at other times he seemed like a likeable person. still good class.
He's very smart, but does not care for his students
Avoid this guy unless you like a challenge. He's too hard.
Dont get me wrong, hes a nice person and solid lecturer, hes just a super hard grader i havent gotten below a 90% in a class in 2 years, let alone a current 78%. Oof.
Too many readings
He's an ok professor. This class has TAs. Quiz every week on the readings. I felt like this class had too much reading to do every single week. He doesn't respect students time. Class was from 1-1:50, but he'd keep right on rambling up to 3 minutes after I dropped the class when I found out we had a 5 page essay mid term to do over Fall BREAK.
had him for midevl lgcy. I thought I loved history until I had this class. Maybe its just mdevl history. Lectures seemed forever. ALOT OF PAPERS. Writing intensive course which I hate. He was a nice guy & very knowledgeable. So were his TAs at the time. Just hate that we had so many research papers to do. Not an easy class if you dont like 2 write.
Okay professor, pretty nice. Lecture is necessary, but is mostly made up of personal experience stories and supplementary information. You need to read the textbook if you want to do well on the exams. She does offer some extra credit material. The Business Plan is time consuming, but relatively easy, will get a good grade if you put in effort.
Classes are rarely worth attending, she just touches upon the major points in the reading, not really clarifying or expanding on the ideas. The final paper was mentioned many times but no official guidelines or rubric were ever handed out, and the final date changed from the 23rd (in the syllabus) to the 20th with an option to request an extension.
I really enjoyed this class. She works as a lawyer and uses many real world examples in lectures which made classes interesting. I enjoyed listening to her talk and this class made me consider going to law school. She would be willing to help any student in need and gives multiple opportunities for extra credit. You do have to work for an A.
Just come prepared so you don't feel like an idiot. Scribble the cases down before class so you at least know what she's talking about. Sit in the front row, she hardly ever calls on the front row for anything. Just know that when you're hungover Friday mornings she's going to be yelling in your ear. Tests aren't that hard, study old connect quiz's
This teacher will put you to work, but she knows what she talking about! She preaches a lot about using your time wisely, with this class you will NEED to: case reviews, random quizzes, 20 page group paper and presentation. She is entertaining and keeps you on your toes. Overall it's not too bad, just be ready to work.
Not one of my favorite teachers, but I got a good grade. Just study the practice exams and you'll do great.
This class was alright. The course material wasnt always interesting but if you did go to class and do the ALL the work then you will get a good grade. Read the powerpoint slides and memorize the practice tests for the tests.
Pretty fair proffessor, likes to pile to work on though
SHE IS CRAZY!!!! The class isn't hard. Hint: Really know the practice exam and you will pass the tests!!!!
She is crazy, but it does make her class interesting
She's a spitter! Interesting class though. Unorganized.
I found her class interesting, but hard to take notes. She needs to slow down.
material is interesting, but the class could be a little less demanding
seems to give standard 85s on every test, which is upsetting if you generally get better grades than that.
He's a cute guy, and a pretty decent professor. But I'll be honest. If you're taking a class with him, great, but try to avoid a TR class with him. They're WAY to long to sit though, especially if it's first thing in the morning. His monotone voice makes you have the aweful tendency to doze off.
Codys tests are easy I give him that. He seems to be closed minded and extremly conservative. Especailly on racial issues. White=GOOD
boring :(
This woman is crazy, but easy. She lectures by sitting on the table in the front of the room and systematically going through the book, chapter by chapter. Tests aren't that hard, easy A.
don't take this class online. 25% of your grade depends on you responding to other students in a forum by 12am on wednesday:no one posts till wednesday night. I work all day and told Palmer, he told me to quit my job. I ended up with a C in the class and an A average on all his tests and papers.
I wish my GPA was as high as his BAC.
Nice guy, a little boring but fair. def a professor to take for required course
I liked his course more than most people I know
Great course for the summer. You just have to teach everything yourself. However, you do get multiple attempts on homework and can get practice problems in the textbook. Overall not a bad course at all.
I've had experience in accounting and still didn't do that well. Uma's class doesn't have a final, but your grade is based on 3 exams. You definitely need to study to do well, and you pretty much teach yourself a lot of it. She is really nice one on one, but in class she likes to call people out. She wasn't terrible, but she wasn't very good.
Not a hard course, some work required. Droped a test after class bombed it.
She makes the class a lot easier than it would be normally. Will help you out.
Ann was a very nice teacher. She was very laid back, accepted assignments late and counted them for on time, and was just overall a very nice person. She can get political sometimes in class, but overall she keeps her own personal bias out of the class.
Acts like she has complete antipathy for the subject. I didn't learn anything.
Kinda witty, but she's easy to unnerve
Compared to most of my friends in Honors, Mark gives few assignments. He is, however, quite critical--but this is absolutely a good thing in the context of the course. He was frustratingly vague many times but overall I'd rate him well and would take him as a preceptor again.
A lot of work but a good teacher
Extremely liberal, not very helpful...gives lots of busy work. He has nothing wrong with putting you on the spot, so if you have a class with him you better know your stuff or you're in trouble.
great teacher, fun discussions, if you participate. If you don't, or are an idiot, stay out of this class
He's a very laid back professor.
get the busy-work done and you're all set, he has some weird 'grey' views...
compeletly inconsiderate and rude
I thought this guy knew his stuff
Marxian Economics was the worst class I've ever taken. It was supposed to be a study on Marx; with Burke it was a daily bash on communism and the united states. He was completely close-minded.
Definitely one of the more interesting professors I have had at GMU. He is definitely not a bad pick for this course, but make sure you are reading and learning on your own because that is where you'll be doing most of the learning with economics anyway. A good thing is that he would periodically tell students if a type of question is on the test.
His lectures are vague, but makes understanding the material easier, but don't depend on your in-class notes to help you pass the exams. Reading the textbook made this class easy for me and also take advantage of the sample exams he posts on blackboard and the ungraded HW problems. This is an easy class to pass as long as you put the effort in.
Dr. Bennett is an alright professor with a good sense of humor. His TA is helpful and nice so if you need to ask a question its better to ask his TA because Bennett will just get mad at you for not "paying attention" , but besides that, his lectures were good, the homework is light but don't leave it for last second and his tests are fair just read
Dr. Bennet is a good professor. Not the most accessible nor the most ideal, but he definitely knows what he is talking about. If you take his class, make sure to read the textbook and buy the study guide because they help SO much. You really won't pass without them. The tests are a lot more like the study guide than Aplia.
Very easy. HW was easy, the tests were fair/easy-ish. I skipped probably half the classes and got a B+ still. Should have been an A but I ran out of time during test 2. Read the chapters in the book and you'll get an easy A. He's also a good lecturer and pretty funny/entertaining if you like learning in class. Tutors were also available if you need
Bennett is a good guy but as far as teaching goes, I'm not so sure he's helpful. I think I learned more from his TA than him. He definitely knows what he's talking about but his lectures just seem like drawn on irrelevant examples. Half the kids in my class would fall asleep during his class. Textbook is really helpful though!
What I did was read my textbook while he teaches so everything kinda overlaps. He assign online homework the is due the sunday before the test, and it doesnt take long at all. test problems are similar to the homework. just be logical, its economics.
He can be really hard to understand during his lectures and can be very rude, but overall he reads the chapter to you basically and he helps you understand the graphs some still. The tests can be hard and you need to read the book and do the study guide questions to pass, and also DO THE APLIA.
If you want an easy A this is not the right class for you, but he's by far the best professor I've had at Mason. I failed one test but since he allows you to drop one test I managed a B with what I would say was average effort.
Professor Bennett is certainly a tough professor, but he is fair. If you attend class, go to tutoring sessions, complete Aplia assignments, and STUDY, you definitely have a shot at an A. He goes over the textbook in class and draws graphs to help explain, which are really useful. This class was not easy but I learned a lot!
Delightful, brings a lot to his class, and has an enjoyable sense of humor. Not an easy class, but do the work and make an effort to get into and you'll do fine. Dr. Bennett was one of the best professors I've ever had. And in many years of study I've had a few to compare him with.
I know that a lot of people don't particularly like him but I honestly liked his sense of humor and that most of the test was straight from the study guide. Absolutely get the study guide. Read the chapters and do the study guide and you'll do fine. By the way, he does come on this page to write bad reviews for himself... He doesn't want slackers.
Do not take Dr Bennett's class if you need to have your hand held. He is no nonsense, but fair. Also, you need the study guide. I didn't have it for the first quiz and my grade reflected that. Take your time with Aplia as it is a chance to bring up your grade.
This class really isn't as bad as everyone makes it out to be. Bennett is really smart and knows what he is talking about but often comes across as being rude and condescending. Do not let him intimidate you, he told us he rates himself poorly on this website on purpose so that people don't sign up for his class. It's really not that bad.
Dr. Bennett is very intimidating, he gave an assignment the first day of class which I emailed to him (even though his syllabus states he will not accept)I did not go to class. The next class he handed me a paper. He had printed it out and graded. It shows that he does care for his students. I'm a senior and he is by far my favorite teacher.
Good class, sorta funny, 4 tests total and 1 exam, online quizzes are easy, uses textbook and workbook for studying. not mandatory attendance
Do not take this class if you are an idiot. Do not take this class if you think college is meant to regurgitate information. Do not take this class if you do not have thick skin. 355 is an awesome class, please do not subject the rest of it to stupidity. Tips: Study groups help, but come up with your own ideas. It is writing intensive.
Bennett is a funny guy and really knows his stuff but it seems like he's been teaching this class too long. He doesn't really "teach", more just goes over the book and draws A LOT of charts. Not the worst professor, but you will have to study outside of class. 4 tests that get harder as you go on. Also, Aplia (online) helps.
Prof. Bennett actually explains everything very well. He goes over numerous explains and points out the important problems in the textbook and coursebook. There's a review before every exam and he goes over all the important stuff. The people who failed didn't bother attending class. The Aplia quizzes really boost up your grade, and if you are not
He can be very tricky.I lost respect for him when he stealthily avoided letting the class rate him at the end.
hes kinda hard, but hes a good teacher. he makes you take quizzes online, but it ends up helping your grade at the end. Hes mean though, the saying "theres no such thing as a stupid question"...yeahh no. he will call you out and basically make fun of you in front of a 300+ class.
Tests are difficult! The textbook/coursebook is beneficial. He knows his Econ and therefor he expects you to throughly know it too! He is somewhat approachable, and he uses lots of sarcasm in class. His lectures are sometimes interesting. Try a night class with someone easier. If you can't, then he may suffice, but be ready for a challenge!
Econ. is def. not an easy subject. However, he outlines everything for you - from what questions to practice on to what topics are covered on the test (in numerical order). Have to do online quizzes almost every week, but do well, he'll drop lowest exam & replace it. w/your quiz average. It takes a lot of effort on your part to get a good grade.
Class is only mandatory to hear him do examples out of the books. I didn't find class very helpful because he spends a lot of time not talking about econ. Talks about cars a lot and is really boring.
Bitter old man that is just there to pay his bills. Doesn't care about students and will make fun of them in class. Grade is made up of 3 exams and final so STUDY!! takes problems directly from coursebook so books are useful. heard he was easier than other teachers, but he is mean and purposely tricks students... avoid if you can!
come to class if you like. if you are planning to take this class, i will see you there (again). you get the clue..
Take him if you are willing to read the book, attend lectures and put some effort into the class
he is a nice person, and is straightforward.. if you don't go to class (which you will be tempted to..) it's really hard to catch back up.. impossible to cram for tests. the material is very difficult.
The prof. explicitly tells you what concepts are on the test and gives you the problems to practice in your course book. Attendance is helpful as he tells you what to know, and works problems. This class is NOT HARD!!! Just work the problems, there are even FREE tutors!
This guy was a really lively teacher--sometimes he used personal stories in his lectures, some of which were funny. He taught the class pretty well, although most of it was right out of the book; 4 exams only. It's a big class, but he keeps it in check--try to keep talking to a minimum.
Mr. Bennet was a real funny teacher and he seemed to explain the material well enough. You have to read the text book and study the course book questions. There are 4 exams. 3 exams and a final. Easy if you study.
He's okay. Kind of a comedian during lectures, but he keeps it interesting. He folows very closely to the book, so showing up to class is nominal. Very informative e-mails, he even reaveals the chapter breakdown of each test (i.e. 20 questions from chap 2, 25 from chap 3). He does not take crap, and will kick people out of lectures at anytime.
Very demanding prof. Very different approach from the usual "this is what you need to know to pass the exams". Write papers carefully, pay attention to details, and show understanding questions raised. He is a tough grader and insists that economic logic be used.
He will not hold your hand and he challenges you to think for yourself instead of regurgitating information. His way of thinking is humorous and definately changes your perspective on many issues. Do what he says and don't give him any crap and you will be a better person if you take his class.
He can be rather obsene in class, but if you come to class and complete the workbook it's a fairly easy A, especially since he gets rid of your lowest exam.
He can be crude....but he is still one funny guy. I enjoyed his class and his tests were not hard at all. All you gotta do is the study guide questions and of course understand them. His exams are very similar to those questions!! So if you don't pass, it's really your own fault!!
STAY AWAY, test extremely hard. He is awful at teaching, doesnt teach at all according to his tests. Seems like he enjoys when students fail. DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE
Take this class if you want to fail! He's a cool guy and knows his stuff, but his tests are hard as crap. I barely pulled a B in his class and I studied hard as crap. On his first exam 20/25 students failed! Take this class if you like econ!
Likes to talk about May West; has short temper for cell phones in class
The class was at times fairly interesting, but he does become sidetracked more often than is appropriate. He always is clear to say that everything he says is, "pertinent to political theory", but at times it is hard to see the significance. Fine class, engaging professor.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. it's online and palmer doesn't grade anything himself. it all goes to his T.A. who doesn't grade based on content. The class is absolutely pointless.
Just coming to his class will give you a minimum of B. More interested in checking out the women in his class than the subject he is talking about..
The lack of syllabus really annoyed me since I like planning ahead. He says at the very beginning that your grade is based on however he feels you did not just your actual test grades so it's hard to know how you're doing in the class. Interesting but also boring at the same time. Almost always late for class.
A brilliant man. He'll keep your attention for an entire class. If you're interested in philosophy Palmer is your guy
He makes valid points that often don't follow the popular interpritation of the text, and is able to prove his point.The best umaine has to offer for lectures in the classroom, but try to ignore his personal life
Take notes to make sense of the readings. He's a little weird and aloof. Big chested girls sit in front.
Pretty adept at clarifying complex theories and teachings. Strange dude though.
An arrogant recluse but was able to make sense out of difficult material.
Awesome guy, good teacher.... hard class, but it was great
Arrogant, narrow-minded, not an original thought in his head.
a very arrogant man. damn those neo-platonists!
very smart but he's nuts.
She's alright.
most people like her, i thought she was boring.
Very enthusiastic, nice, and helpful. A great teacher. Kept class interesting.
He expects you to get the work (mostly readings) he assigns done, without reminders from him- but this should be expected in upper-level classes. He's very smart and although there's some mumbling, as long as you keep up in the readings, you'll be fine.
An incredibly smart man, I'd enjoy listening to him talk for awhile without having to take notes... Notes are essential in his classes though. If you give him a chance and take an interest in what he's saying, you'll enjoy it.
I know a lot of people dislike Bregman, but I thought he was great. If you give him a chance, you'll do fine. Just make sure you take good notes, as he does tend to mumble. Plus his classes are probably the most interesting I've ever had!
He's a good teacher, but lectures can be hard to follow sometimes
Loved lectures, just kinda flowed wherever
It amazes me that the best profs in this dept get the worst ratings...
Definitely knows his stuff. A little intimidating when it comes to questions
I'm not a cs major, and I'm only taking this class because it counts as a math course, but Prof. Markowsky is a great! I am a true beginner, I mean TRUE beginner, and he and his TA Erik have been incredibly helpful. Some of his lectures won't make any sense to you if you're a newbie, but if you do the reading and the exercises you should be OK.
Very sarcastic, Hard Class, teacher brilliant, expects A LOT of students
Definately a very hard class, start the homework early-it's possible to get an A
Lecture was fun, but class was HARD, i learned a lot though
You have to read. The class was not interesting. Dr. Foos did not make it any better.
Great guy, terrible teacher! He admitted this was his first time teaching the course so that could have had something to do with it. It would have been a difficult class no matter who taught it but he just didn't explain things well. The book was a lot more helpful than he was. Hard tests.
interesting&funny; tests=HARD!!!! although all test material is from lectures
interesting&funny; tests=HARD. although test material lectures only...STUDY HARD
So I took her class asynchronously. The class is pretty easy and straightforward as long as you do the assignments, and read the textbook. The assignments aren't bad, it's either a discussion post or an activity where you have to watch or read something and answer a few questions.
This class had no meeting times and it felt like I wasn't even taking it. She assigns a book chapter and a really short activity (30 mins.) each week. Never read and managed an 80+ in the class. You can find the textbook for free online also.
this was not a hard class, buy the textbook and use it for exams. she's a good prof
You can easily skip this class and make an A. Extremely boring class. You don't have class half the time and you just have random online work. If you do the online work, you will make an A.
She was pretty straight forward with the material. Make sure you read the textbook in attention to attending class. Her test are 40 questions in 40 min online, so you must study. I asked her how to study for her exams after not receiving the garde I wanted. She did not help me much. Some of the study guide material wasn't on the test.
Not very clear in giving directions. Tests are mostly short answer & essays.
He was a great professor. However, I'm rereading an old paper he graded. I defined favela in a paper. He asked me to cite a source, like I'm not Brazilian. I find this insulting and offensive. Do better Professor Weeks.
i learned so much in this class. i never cracked a book or read the online papers, and i made a C. quizes are extreamly easy, but the test are hard as hell.
Knowledgable professor, interesting class. Essay tests can be tough if you're not up on your Latin American politics or don't go to class. But really, if you don't go to class, what do you expect? You're not in kindergarten anymore people. Mommy and daddy aren't gonna do your homework for you.
Good teacher, but way too many reading assignments...i didn't read a single assignment and still made a B. Go to class take good notes and it's a breeze.
Boring lectures; extremely hard grader
Just repeats the textbook so don't go to class . Easy tests graded hard.
There is a lot of reading to be done in this online class. The class consisted of four discussion posts, 3 thought papers (2-3 pages), and 2 Essay Exams (5-7 pages). I learned quickly that he likes a lot of quotes so make sure you do the actual reading of the philosophers and not just his lectures. Pretty decent class and finished with an A.
Class is required for political science majors, but the material can be interesting at times. Caste is a very boring lecturer and found myself fighting for consciousness constantly. Attendance is not required as long as you read the text. Show up on the review and test days and you should be able to pass this class with at least a B.
Very knowledgeable about the material. He can be funny at times as well. The tests can be a little tricky; I studied hard for each test and only managed a B. But he is really fair and a laid back person.Overall, a pretty easy class, if you read the textbook and listen to the lecture.
Dr.Caste is an average professor. He is well versed in the political philosophy and has a respectable teaching method. Go to class. You will not succeed if you miss class. The exams are slightly trick though. For those sensitive to it, Dr.Caste is a solid liberal- not moderate and not extreme.
Class is one big lecture. He talks the whole time. He knows what he is talking about and if you are interested in the subject it is probably an interesting class. You need to go to class to get the notes because the textbook is just samples of the philosophers notes not what they actually thought and such. 3 tests make up your whole grade 33% each
He is a very nice man, but tries to trick you on the tests. He also gets very off subject for the majority of the time.
Very worried about not offending anyone about anything
He is a pretty cool teacher but he is sometimes a hard grader on his test.
Dr. Brannon is an amazing professor. She invests in her students and works with them to make sure they are able to succeed in her classes. Grading is not difficult as long as you do what needs to get done. Clarity is sometimes and issue but ask questions. Overall one of the best professors I've ever had.
She rocks? When? And with whom? Why would anyone say that she "rocks?" She is a so-so teacher. Now I know why she works for UNCC. Glad I checked this board out.
Interesting woman. She definitely plays favorites, but it's easy to do well in the class. I enjoyed the class and learned a lot.
I thought she was a good teacher. She can be rather unclear at times, but if you make it a point to ask her then she is more than willing to help you out. She is serious when she needs to be but knows how to have fun and joke around. She is very flexible & is willing to change due dates around
Not bad. He's a sap, but he expects you to work. Kissing ass is good.
Interesting. He's nice, funny and he tries real hard to make the class interesting. Read...Read read read what he tells you to. If you don't you will NOT do well. It's an easy class, but you really need to read or you wil fail.
Too much about Vietnam...very easy class though. Pretty much a guaranteed A.
Obsessed with Vietnam. Easy class though
Can be judgmental and accusatory if he decides he doesn't like you. Isn't always fair. If you play the game right, you'll do ok.
concerned about students progress, cool guy in general
You cancel class too often. I feel cheated.
If you're like me and struggle at math, don't take his class. It's almost like you have to have prior knowledge of pre-calc before coming in. He grades your homework like a test and his tests are ridiculously hard. With him it's "my way or the highway" meaning if you don't learn it his way he will give you no credit, he did it to me.
Ridiculously hard professor. He expects his students to know all of the clever algebraic and trigonometric manipulations that he never teaches. He is smart and helpful, but expects way too much from his students. Tests are always very hard and the class average is always a low C- or D+, but the students are are not slackers. Don't take his class!
very hard class! if you are looking for an easy math class, run away from this professor! he's tough! but he is fair. so if you know your stuff, you'll do fine. if you don't, your screwed. he expects A LOT! and there is daily hw. gotta work REALLY hard if you wanna do good in his class
He is very hard- Be prepared
Very Very Difficult. ALways try to get a different Prof.
My god, the tests!
I took Homeland Security with her. She talks very fast and is somewhat disorganized. She is a tough teacher and you will have to work to get an A. She is very knowledgeable which makes class interesting. One class with her was enough for me.
Great teacher. Interesting, clear and obviously really intelligent. As long as you show up for class and take notes, tests are super easy. She does seem to play favorites though.
very intelligent woman and highly respected but not very clear with her material; she lost a lot of respect in my eyes when she said the founding fathers engaged in terrorism. at times contradicted herself. suck up and you'll do fine
tough exams, but he's helpful, knows what he's talking about even if you can't understand it through his thick greek accent, he's, you know, a good guy, you know, ok...you know...ok haha
Nice guy, not too helpful out of class though. Oversimplfies material, hard exam
Thickly accented English; very helpful; willing to work w/you. "D merry dt!"
Accent makes it hard to understand at times, but very friendly and approachable.
a little hard to understand, straightforward guy
Some of her pronunciations are a little odd, but after a week or 2 she becomes easy to understand. Handwriting is a little crazy, but she's more than willing to repeat herself or clarify. Homeworks and tests are reasonable, and she doesn't try to trick you on the tests. I'd definitely take her again (this was my 2nd class with her)
Sure, her handwriting's illegible and she says some words really strangely (separable, for one), but she's pretty clear with explanations, and the tests and homeworks generally aren't unreasonable (as long as you aren't in honors). She does have an aversion to being boring and later in the semester won't finish examples because "it is boring."
Scared me at first with accent and penmanship, but you get used to it and the material eases up as the semester goes on. Always go to class, always do the hw, make an effort to study, and the exams will not be bad. She has a little trouble explaining at first, just keep paying attention and don't be shy to raise your hand. Grading is fair.
she's hard to understand at times, writes on the chalkboard like she's trying to put the chalk through it, and has difficulty controlling the volume of her voice, but does tons of examples in class and seems genuinely interested in making sure you do well.
Good
Hottest teacher in the math program. Heavy accent, can't understand a word she says, but she's easy.
Makes a real effort to get the class to understand the material. Heavy accent.
she is a very nice lady if you get to know her. office hours a must.
Knowledgeable in math, but went through material quite fast.
she be okay
VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE ABOUT MATHEMATICS.
Boring lectures.
He is very knowledgeable of the subject, and he is willing to help you in office hours. If you take the time to meet with him to get a better understand of the material, you will do fine. Homework is a must in this class and keep up with the homework. He can be arrogant, and can put you on the spot, but dont let it bother you.
She's nice, but didn't give us any grades back until FINALS WEEK. Had no idea how I was doing in the class the entire semester and even when we asked, she wouldn't grade our assignments. The class is completely discussion based and her exams (only 2) are hard because there is no textbook to reference. I would take the class again but rather not
barely use the text, but if you don't go to class you kinda screw yourself b/c she makes you take random clicker questions during class. u get 5 excused, after that she takes points off. besides that, take good notes & review. very easy A, guaranteed
Don't buy book! Buy course packet and go to class. Tests are a little tricky. Gives lots of extra credit.
Interesting class. I learned a lot about mass media. Tests are tricky. Professor knows a lot about the subject. Provides extra credit points. Not bad overall!
Powerpoint notes, lots of videos, easy tests, extra credit.
rediculously boring, easy tests
She tries...boring,disorganized lectures,but she tries to spice it up.Do ExCrd.
very boring; not too difficult if you go to class
unless you like history, DON'T TAKE HIM! i hate history and i sucked at his class and everyone else sitting around did too *average grade is a C so think before you take him*
His lectures were mildly interesting, however, taking notes is strongly recommended. He does provide extra credit opportunities so I strongly urge you to attend. His exams require studying and it's good to read the book as well. Not an easy course but if you put forth the effort, you should be fine.
Avoid this professor. He is an excellent lecturer, however he has no personal interaction whatsoever with his students. Everything is handled through the T.A.s who are very harsh graders. There are only 2 tests (multiple choice, short answer, & essay) and they are difficult.
he's a good, interesting teacher
Big lecture hall class with only two exams. He yells alot, which I guess he believes will engage his class more effectively... but I always left with a headache. He shows alot of movie clips and offers out of class extra credit as well.
Mintz. Wow. I got out of his class this semester. I didn't like listening to his lectures even though they were interesting at times when he had video clips. Most of the stuff he talked about was irrelevant to what would have been on the test. For example, the first day, we talked about some boys who made up the Superman comic. Yeah. The end. Bye.
very good teacher and very interesting just random, funny, and just makes it interesting in his own way. i loed him i dunno why others said that he wasnt. he is great. 2 test thats all. on the first i didnt study at all just came to class and got an 86. just listen, he is so interesting.
video clips are great; only 2 tests--do the add'l reading! webct quizzes come straight from the ques in the back of textbook.
if you are a student who solely cares about the easiness of the class, take her. If you are an average essay writer you should make an A in the class. This was the easiest class i've ever taken. However, even though Dr. Perrin is nice i have to say she is very disorganized, but not to the point where it will greatly affect your grade.
She is so ANAL! she is very picky about how she wants the essays to be. very strict on plagiarism and MLA format/citing. plus she was kinda boring. liked to ramble about stupid stuff. but she is very helpful.
I took this class a couple of years ago and found her very interesting. I thought the stories we read were extremely interesting. She takes attendance, counts tardies, and she's challenging. If you're lazy, don't take this class.
ANT of War and STATS in ANT are the best. Roscoe is GREAT
One minute he's very boring and the next he is goofing off to get attention. Interesting subject but wow his test questions are childish sometimes asking about space aliens.
Good Teacher knows his stuff tests are a little hard to me anyway. Its a little boring at times but still a fun class to take and if you get a chance take it.
Both classes graded on three online exams, all multiple choice. Do the reading if you are really interested in learning--the books are, mostly, worth reading. Lectures are SUPER dry. All around pretty average prof--not awful but overly impressive either.
I have taken a multiple courses Munson. The information in video lectures is useful and he knows much about the subjects he teaches, but he does sound monotone and boring. The tests are easy. I would not recommend taking any of the writing courses with him though, he is not open to different writing styles and does not offer help with writing
I imagine he would be very dry as a regular professor, but I took his class online which wasn't so bad. As long as you keep up with the readings it's a pretty easy class as the tests are based entirely on them. Unfortunately the only grades in the class are the three tests, so if you aren't a strong test taker, I wouldn't recommend the class.
I took the class online and was shocked at how long his lectures were! He's a wealth of knowledge, but his lectures can be very boring. Make sure you listen to the lectures and take notes or you won't be prepared for the tests!
For our Sexuality class, all you had to do was show up and participate. She is very all over the place, and more of a "go with the flow" professor. The class is very interesting. There is quite a bit of reading, but she will drop them if students believe it is too much. If you want an easy A to fill that religion core, this is the class to take.
speaks English A LOT better. offers a lot of extra credit. gives practice tests that are very similar to actual test. easy A.
good instructor, willing and able to help me learn the material
He's not a bad prof, but his lectures didn't help me much. I personally read the book on my own instead of listening to his lectures. Has approx 3-5 small hw due per week, & 4 big tax assignments. Exam questions were really random & sometimes had nothing to do with what we learned. He did organize the exam in chapter order, which helped.
I didn't mind his long lectures, however, I felt there was a disconnect between the lectures and the Connect online homework. I found myself having to re-affirm the concepts for myself because of that. His in-class examples were hard to follow as well. If you are a hard-worker, you will do fine.
Accounting is/never was my forte, but I managed to pass. I will say this:he's very smart and can go in-depth for any question you have. Class will feel like centuries if you have him for longer than an hour, but if you want a knowledgeable professor, pick him. Don't slack. Ask for help as soon as you need it. Super super nice guy, but tough class.
He knows what he's talking about, but not very clear about getting it across to you. He has a generous curve on tests, and answers any questions you have. As long as you study, you should be OK. His lectures put me to sleep!
He wasn't the best at explaining things to everyone but he curved his tests a lot because everyone did so bad, so if you can just do better than everyone else you're in the clear.
Horrible class grade depends strictly on exams final is worth 40% of grade. Can not understand lectures he does not clarify material good enough.
knows his stuff
Good teacher, fair grading, not that hard of a class, helpful comments
She was very particular about speeches and had stupid attendance policy
Is kind of hard to students who don't understand his style of teaching. He believes in 'learning through Duress'. His class is a learning experience not to be missed. He does tend to play favourites with students who do well in his class. Overall a good teacher.
Prof Kelly is a good guy. He is after all Father Kelly. Class is so boring you will want to knife yourself, but he really does know his stuff and lives for it. His final is oral, but not too hard and he is actually a nice guy when you talk to him. Grammar is important when writing papers and we only used 1 out of the 3 books.
Teacher is really tall and erases the board like if he is pist off while looking at the class. He is deaf but easy teacher.
Hard to say what i think about him. Quizzes are pretty tough but he grades fairly easy. Maple assignments are automatic 100%. Easiest math teacher i had so far, but by no means a cake walk. Take him though if need a math class.
Average professor. Gives out plenty of extra credit and additional resources for accounting. Just like in ACCT 201, the course is on Wiley Plus. Always answered my emails within 45 min - 2 days just depends. The course is online, so you gotta teach yourself the material: nothing much else to note, just an average professor.
DON'T TAKE ONLINE. it's so hard.
tests are super hard, i've had multiple breakdowns over them and the homework but it helped me tell my mom im severely depressed so win some lose some i guess
Shes a decent teacher but even if you pay attention and do your homework the tests and quizzes are brutal and she does NOT curve the grades. Be ready to know what you're doing, it's tough.
Take course anywhere else. The accounting courses only transfer to a couple colleges.
online
First of all SPA440 is a literature class so expect to read the whole book. She is a very energetic prof and what she lacks in authenticity of her Spanish (no accent, incorrect grammar, and use of spanglish) she makes up with in her amazing personality. She will go above and beyond to help a student; she gave multiple extensions to our whole class.
I got an 'A' in the class,even though I had to teach myself. I was very interested in the topic before I took the class and I still am in spite of her. Her use of Spanish is not what I would expect from university prof.
Easy to understand her speaking, but she is unclear on expectations for assignments, homework questions were irrelevant. Tests were difficult. Did not give review. Does want to help students.
She seemed very nice and helpful, but when it came time for grades she failed me even though she said I improved a lot?? She never gave me any indication I was almost failing and I thought I was getting a B-... good luck with her
Somewhat of a hard grader, but very helpful and nice. Just do all the work.
I'm not a fan. Vague, unclear, unrealistic expectations, ?no?
Nice lady, always willing to help you understand!
Nana rocked my world. She didn't care if you came or not. She didn't care when you handed in homework. And, she's adorable.
Indisputably she is very knowledgeable, however, she is passed her prime. Very difficult and boring class. Teaches irrelevant material. I reccomend the class, however, be prepared.
Positives: funny and friendly. Easy exams. (completely disagree with previous post-not a very demanding teacher and the exams are very straightforward) Negatives: minimum class involvement. Tends to ramble.
Great teacher. She is relatively hard, so don't take her class unless you can work hard, or can get by on intelligence. Take her class if you want to learn something, otherwise skip out.
Teacher is very unorganized and changes assigments last minute. Be prepared to do a lot of work for nothing. She will make you a better writer but stress you out while doing so. Gook luck if you take her... I recommend taking someone else.
Wow, this was her first time teaching this class in the summer I semester - what a disaster! It would have been great if she had been a little better prepared. Many documents that she promised were never followed through with. Her grading system of check marks and plus symbols allowed her to curve your final mark into the toilet, if she saw fit.
She is a very strict professor. Some of her things she taught I found very helpful others were just plain stupid. She makes you have lots of meetings with her and thinks you should be doing and learning nothing else but RHT
She is VERY willing to work with you to achieve the best possible grade. This was a demanding course,but I learned a lot.
HATED IT!
I liked her! Prof. Hamilton is very helpful and she is always available to help! She grades some what hard but she lets you revise papers.
Very knowledgable about field; however, required an unheardof amt. of readings, many not in our reqd. course books. Technical issues with Moodle assignments & providing copies of addt. readings. I could have learned a lot more about peer tutoring if she was better organized. Too often no one knew what our assignment was. Makes syllabus as you go.
Do not take her. She talks on an on about every political thing she knows. If you guys want to learn about politics then take her. All we do in the class revolves around politics. It's soooo boring. Worrd of advice don't take her for any rheotoric. She's a nice lady but all she tals is politics.
She was a nice lady, but she graded totally on her opinions. I usually get really good grades on papers, but i could hardly get a 3.0 from her!!!!! She was very helpful though, but i guess her help didnt help me enough!
Really nice lady, but no consistancy with grading papers. She grades based on her opinion instead of whether or not you met the requirements.
She only held office hours one day a week. She gave out a FOUR page study guide for the midterm that only had 10 MC questions, 2 short answer, and 1 long answer. This was not a study guide of notes or anything. Each bullet point had about 4 questions attached to it, and they were extremely specific. She doesn't post lecture notes
Honestly, I wish I took 240 with someone else. Her TA graded everything, and she was a very harsh grader. I would get Bs on papers that I spent days on and even asked Prof. Ba questions about. Her lectures struck me as very scatter brained. The UN simulation was pretty cool, but I don't think it's worth taking the class just for that.
Professor Ba loves what she does. She's passionate & loves to hear student feedback. There are 2-3 exams and a UN Simulation at the end. She assigns a crapload of readings every night....skim them so you arent lost during class. If you're a good note taker you'll be ahead of the game because she doesnt write out notes for u. highly recommend overal
The class is interesting, but her lectures tend to be scatterbrained. She's a tad slow when it comes to grading papers/exams. Make sure to do the readings.
Tough grader, lectures are scatter-brained...but wants to see you do well, assigns paper and projects and participation can help your grade...very good if you go for extra help, she is very helpful and kind and caring..but very busy!
Getting a good grade isn't hard, but exams can be tricky. Lectures bleed into each other and it's hard to know what is important to write down and what isn't.
very average
Don't be fooled by the 105 title. This class has an insane amount of homework! nothing is particularly hard, but it is very time consuming. You will be mad at first looking at the assignments, but you will eventually find out they are pretty easy. Unfortunately, you learn nothing valuable in this class. The material is garbage.
Overall a good professor. Be as respectful and polite as possible, she doesn't take disrespect.
Her class has no educational value whatsoever, and is full of nothing but busy work.
She is very nice..offers a lot of extra credit..tests are a little difficult..just do all your work and you'll be fine!
The material is soo borring, but there is a crazy amount of extra credit. You'd have to be an idiot not to do it. That's how I passed, tests are RANDOM but labs are easy. If you do the extra credit you'll pass. She's a little random but nice. Go to the SI sessions, they helped.
Very easy, and there is a ton of extra credit points in her class. She is annoying and a horrible lecturer.
The class is really boring but if you do well in the labs and do the extra credit, you can still get an A. She is just a boring teacher.
The class by nature is boring but she does her best to keep you engaged. Her TA was not the nicest girl on the block but i assume thats just luck of the draw. all in all go to class, do all the labs and hw, some extra credit and you'll do well in the class.
I took his online class and as long as I stayed on his suggested schedule for watching the lectures and took notes, I was fine. A bit dry but I didn't really need to read the book since the lectures had a lot of information. The practice exams are very similar to the tests so be sure to go through them!
such a boring class. you'd think it'd be easy as hell bcus it's a 100 level course, but you have to learn so much shinfo. tests are long and fill in the blank. you'd think he'd use multiple choice considering how many people are in the class... i wish i would have avoided.
Great online class...only had to go onto campus 4 times a semester to take tests. All lectures and reading material are online. If you study and memorize the Practice tests and watch his Exam lectures you will know what he will test on. He grades on 4 tests along with 4 essays that you type and bring with you to the test. Not easy...but doable.
He's not easy. Don't believe what other people say. His online class has a lot of material, but you need to read, study and memorize a lot. His exams are not easy. Unless you are a geology major/fanatic, you will find this course hard. He's a nice guy, but he's not an easy lecturer. Don't take it online or you will fail. LOTS TO REMEMBER.
Are you kidding me!!! No assignments bit only Exams? To be honest, I have a bad memory since I'm part of the SDS. I still need to read and memorize a lot of things on every chapter. Why not a nexam for just one chapter. If you love to memorize regardless of your major, take this class. Class is optional.
I think Geology is one of those classes where you either get it or you don't. I didn't. It could be very easy if you love to memorize. The exams are straight from the study guides.
Teacher is a little wierd but is still a nice guy. Tests are not too bad but you need to study the reviews a lot or you wont get a good grade. People say its an easy class but I think that it's not. I had to work really hard for my B+. It was much harder than I thought it would be.
Girty is the man! his online class was so easy, all you have are a couple cram sessions where you need to study for tests. Theres no textbook and you never have to go to class, the tests are on saturday mornings though, that is the only downfall to his class, the only one!
He was a great guy and an excellent public speaker, but he was also kind of a ****. His midterm review is a trick. He doesn't really give you any answers, but he makes you think he does. It took me till the final to figure that out, but I still did terrible. I just don't like reading off of a computer. If you can read the cd, you will do ok
I took the online class from this old guy and cheated like any thing. At the end I got B+. he does not mention wheter we can open book while taking online exam at home.
Difficult teacher, lots and lots of work for a decent grade. Would suggest not to argue or come in late (EVER).
just a pre req class. nice and honest teacher but too long of a paper on the final project.
Dr Eder has very interesing lectures. MEA130 is quite difficult with him if you have no foreknowledge on calc, trig, or physics. His exams are also very challenging.
Dr. Eder was a decent professor, however, kind of hard to understand. The lecture videos were deleted often to encourage further studying but that didn't really work for my case. Lucky for me, I took meteorology in high school despite the lectures being somewhat pointless. He is also very late when you try to email him but will help when he can.
Super easy class however beware that exams open up on saturdays and close early Monday mornings. I didnt realize exams were on due weekends and they didnt show up in moodle until they opened so I missed the first exam but made high As on everything else and came out of the class with a C. I emailed prof Eder about it and he never emailed me back.
Honestly, I barley showed up for class. (TopHat Attendance can be done from home). He is a tough grader and so if you want an A, you need to put in the effort. But a B is pretty easy to achieve. Chapter Quiz answers can usually be found online. Need to do okay on tests or will get a bad grade, test often have specific questions from lectures.
Tried to be funny a little too much and uses a good amount of profanity which seems odd for a professor. Seems passionate about weather and is knowledgeable. Tests are pretty easy to get a B on with like an hour of studying notes. Never used book. You can take participation quizzes from dorm.
I took this class to be an easy A class, but it was anything but easy. Neat class to take, but do not think that this will be an easy A class.
Not sure what everyone's issue is Professor Eder. He's got a dry sense of humor but is funny. Think dad jokes. He gives you outlines of the notes and you fill in the notes as you go. When I took it, he got fed up with everyone leaving right after we did clicker attendance questions, and he gave everyone still there extra credit. It was an easy A.
I took this class looking for an easy A to boost my GPA, get out of taking physics, and I was somewhat interested in the subject. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS FOR AN EASY A!!! I had heard around campus that this class was easy and if you paid attention in middle school science class you would pass. It is not that way. Good class subject, just not easy.
Dr. Eder is a funny and laid back dude. Class is pretty much a joke, tests are not super easy but access to old tests will help tremendously. Use the ResponseWare app and not the clicker because you can get a friend to send you the code and sign in to class from anywhere. Cramming the night before is usually enough to get an A or B on tests.
I wouldn't say this class is an easy A. It is pretty boring and easy to fall asleep in although Dr Eder tries his best to be lighthearted and funny. It's kind of like your dad teaching you? He has a lot of dad jokes. Moderate effort is required in the class.
This class is not an easy A! don't know why everyone thinks that!! he switches up the wording in his questions on the exams to make you mess up. he's low-key evil. he's funny tho and his lectures are SO boring. attendance is mandatory but you can give ur clicker to a friend. 4 exams worth 80% of grade, quizzes 20%. cumulative final has me in tears
His lectures are really boring. The tests are all multiple choice. You just need to review a lot for them.
Fairly easy class, Dr. Eder is very simple. Cut and dry. The tests are not very difficult and he always lets us out 10-15 minutes early. His class can get boring pretty easily, but the material is interesting and it's a relatively easy class. Take it if you can.
His class is really easy if you go to class and pay attention. Try to get copies of the old tests- they are really useful when you're studying. I enjoyed his class, I would take it if you need a GPA booster!
Pretty boring professor, but sweet guy. I would get the text book because when you're studying for tests, it's really helpful to be able and look through the figures because they are referred to a lot on tests. He lets you keep your tests, so there's a lot in circulation from previous semesters.. if you can get those, you'll be golden.
Really, really good teacher. He explains things well and has fun teaching! You will want to attend this class. He does a daily weather forecast which is nice and also plays videos for your entertainment! Tests were easy as long as you study the notes. DON'T BUY THE BOOK! I never opened mine.
Dr. Eder is boring, but the class is better than chemistry or biology. he teaches you what you need to know and is a really nice guy in general. homework every other week, only about 10 multiple questions. tests are straight from the notes. i would recommend taking his class
Had to bring computer to class to keep from falling asleep. One of the more boring classes at NCSU, but easy if you do your work and halfway pay attention in class.
The class was so boring I couldn't pay attention. The test were pretty tricky and the best day of the year is the last one. He is a nice guy, but the class is boring!
Can be a painfully boring lecture class, but fairly easy and quite popular to fulfill "non-science major" science classes. Very straightforward notes, homework, and tests. Not a lot of work and the lab that accompanies the class serves pretty much as a GPA booster. Very do-able.
Good, easy just print notes & copy from overhead...but strict on being in class!
She has a lot of readings and hardly any quizzes! But her class is very boring. She doesnt help you when you have a question and favors the male's opinion. She doesnt give anyone a chance to be heard unless it is about the medieval period!
Tough grader and definitely makes you think. He teaches Jeffersonian era, so if you don't have a background in it, pick someone else.
All HST 300 classes are difficult, no matter the professor. However, some professors are more helpful, especially with regard to communication/advice. Dr. Estes does not communicate well with students. Emphasis on students. I went to his office multiple times for help and advice, but got nowhere fast. Seek help elsewhere and you'll be fine!
Heavy on books. Class discussions are dependent on the readings and participation is a part of your grade. There are 4 essays that make up your grade, 3 of which are take home.
This is an easy class. He actually tries to make lectures interesting. Very strict however on proper classroom behavior. Don't try to do homework for another class during his class, because he'll call you out in front of everyone, and perhaps make a scene
History is way easy. And to think he's one of the hardest in the department?
had to fight falling asleep in the this class
Excellent Professor! I had to work very hard in his class, but I learned a whole lot about the culture of Japan. I had about an inch and half of notes afterward, but it was worth it, managed to get a 4.0. Definately would take his class again!
Good Prof - Hard though. Read and pay ALOT of attention to lectures
The guy is a genius and knows everything about the subject, but he is not exactly the best teacher. Sometimes it seems like he expects more out of his students than he is teaching them. The out of class assignments are difficult and time-consuming, but are the best way to learn in this class. If you are his student, he will make you work hard.
Nice guy, does not seem 2 prepare for class at all. Hard to contact outside of class time, recitations not helpful unless you have specific questions. Lecture notes are incomprehensible. The book is only way 2 get practice working problems. I spend most lectures ignoring him & doing problems from the book. Youll have 2 work on your own to do well
He can be a real jerk, but he's a good teacher.
Bobbio is a good professor, very very smart guy, i don't care what the rest of you guys say, he even gives you an example test before the exam and goes over it, what other professor does that. And he doesn't require to buy a book.
ha, this guy just looks at the floor...class is usually a joke....material is kinda tough, but it is circuits, so get over it
He is a good teacher, but he has an odd teaching method. He tells you to bring 1 sheet to the test but you can bring more!!! Study the old tests and go to class, cause he gives good examples.
Class content was interesting. She is my least favorite professor at the university of pittsburgh. She is arrogant and not willing to take the time to actually listen to the students. She grades for participation but doesn't even know our names. She doesn't want to to help and makes you feel uncomfortable when asking questions.
I was very hesitant to take this class after reading the comments, but Prof Berrian actually was a good teacher. She was very knowledgeable about the topics and was very funny too. You can tell she is very worldly. The class had a lot of reading, but they weren't too challenging of books.
Ron Dix's consumer behaviors class went really well. He's a great guy. A little quirky but he knows his stuff. more hands-on teaching style. Lots of handouts but grade is based on 3 pretty cool group projects. one exam, and a final paper. Pretty basic. Just go to class, listen to what he has to say, participate in the group project and boom.. 4.0
If your looking for an easy A, this is your class! Lectures are pointless and boring, you don't have to go to class except on days where you have projects or take home exams being handed out. Don't buy the book either, you'll never open it! If MKT is your major, take a different prof, because you won't learn anything form this guy!
Take this class!!!Please...this class is nothing less than a 3.5. I went about two or three times and got a 3.6. OH, and he's going to cancel the final, Trust.
Someone tell this man to go back to the 60s! The class is pretty easy, although the fact that your grade pretty much relies on the final project makes the rest of the class seem pointless.
Is a nice guy, but the class is sooooo boring. The midterm is pretty tough, but it is open book and note. The project is pretty time consuming, but an easy 4.0
She was a good professor and went over the material very well in class. The only problem is that her voice is soft which made her class rough to stay awake through at 8am.
such a difficult class, do not recommend. didnt recieve a single A on any paper the first time around, he lets you rewrite papers but still shouldnt recieve that low of grades the first time around. he is a cool guy ig tho
I took this over the winter so there was always a paper due everyday. It's an english class so it's pretty straight forward. The only thing that held me back was my grammar, but a trip to the writing center fixed that. Other than that, it wasn't that bad of a class. Professor Burns is funny and his debates make the class engaging.
Goes through some mood swings and can be a difficult grader at times. you can re-do papers however, and is a true hippy or some era thats not ours. All in all I would recommend as I did learn a decent amount of material.
A lot of homework and reading. He grades pretty fairly, but he also lets you do rewrites with no penalty. His lectures were sometimes interesting.
A liberal jerk. Thinks he is holier than thou.
Nice guy, pretty good teacher, not creepy at all
Class was entirely papers (no tests), good class discussions, not hard at all
A good professor, but the overall inconsistency with exam styles and his approach to how he teaches the material made it difficult to do well in his class.
The exams/tests are ROUGH. There are relatively easy essay questions, but the multiple choice is so confusing. His lectures are long but very interesting. PARTICIPATE IN CLASS! He looks for active responses and he is funny so give him feedback when he asks. Overall, an interesting course but the exams were discouraging and impossible.
This class is pretty much just learning about different research studies. Professor Wolfe gives great explanations but the lectures are so boring and hard to pay attention to. There are weekly responses due that he grades really easily on. The tests aren't too bad, all of the information comes from lectures so you just need to take good notes.
His lectures aren't interesting nor uninteresting. He's a nice guy and the tests were open note but they were still somehow difficult.
He wont teach everything for exam purposes you have to teach yourself. Hes also liberal and when the political position of your professor is obvious it takes away from the class. Wed Talk about always using scientific reasoning except when it comes to stereotype threat which I think is designed to indoctrinate students liberally. Overall okay.
I always looked forward to coming to class and his lectures were very interesting. As he says in class just make sure you're reading the book if you want to do well in the class. Other than reading there's not much out of class work and he curves most of the exams.
Read the book!!!! There are 3 tests and a final during the semester. The tests have a lot of information from the book and you'll only get a good grade if you read! He has pop quizzes but they're for completion, so just show up to class. I would suggest getting help right away; i.e. tutoring. If you get stuck with him you'll be fine, just read!!!!
Overall I thought the class was interesting. Prof Wolfe is an interesting and funny professor but tests are hard. Reading the textbook is essential to success.
difficult tests
test very hard, very nice guy but the stuff he goes over in class is nothing like what is on his tests
i have never got below a b+ in college and I'm most likely going to get a C- or D+ . hard prof. boring lectures. GO TO CLASS
You need to go to class to do well. The majority of his test are from lecture. If you don't go to lecture, it's going to be really hard to pass the class. Class was interesting and he was a pretty nice guy. Do the summaries it'll help your grade.
He is always willing to answer questions. He assigns response papers (only 3/4 of a page) to experiments, which helped my grade a lot. His tests are EXTREMELY wordy and difficult. In order to do well, you need to go to class, take notes, read the text, and do the response papers. I learned a lot, though.
His classes are nothing but lectures. I always daydreamed in class. Hard to pay attention. Only three exams, so do the articles or else you're doomed! He will help you if you're confused though. Will NEVER take another class w/this prof again!
This class was pretty difficult, I have to admit. You don't have much work to do, but read and report on article summaries. If you pay attention, study, and take good notes, you should do fine. Prof Wolf is somewhat monotone and many times boring. But he is a really nice guy and you can definately tell he is interested in the subject.
The material is very interesting and he presents it in a way that is interesting and relevant to how you will use it as a teacher. He isn't concerned with definitions and concepts, but experiments that bring about greater theories and effective teaching methods. Very useful class with a helpful and interesting professor. Take him!
He's a bit boring until he starts talking about the stock market. Then he starts to get really excited and it's quite a show. If he was that enthusiastic all the time the class would be a lot more fun. Not the worst prof I've had.
Not a bad prof. I failed with yarlass, and took this guy and only came to class half the time and recieved an C. if your shooting for a C, take him, if higher take someone else
Very boring but you learn good test taking strategies, you don't really have to go to class, just read the book. Not very fair, gives paper grades based on how well you're doing in the course. Don't take if you're not a psych major.
Tough class but very interesting. You can tell he really likes what he teaches!
Don't need to go to class unless you want an A...moves very slowly, explains things well.
Easy if you go to class. Does not give out study guides b/c he doesnt believe in them. Very boring and will put you to sleep with monotone voice but, its an okay class to take if you need electives.
His lectures are extremely boring!
Doen't give a review and his test are hard
Easy if you understand the material. Very easy to understand if u go to class.
Nice guy, but don't be tricked..tests are VERY tricky!!
his black converse rule, his class sucks
Nice guy, a little boring, lecture is mostly an outline of the text.
goes over material over and over, becomes very boring
funny professor. makes learning spanish funny. helps guys hit on girls in spanish. very humorous.
Lots of people are saying she's bad, but she's not as bad as everyone is saying, so don't be afraid if you're thinking of taking one of her classes. As long as you turn things in on time (which unfortunately is 4pm on Thursdays, at least for this class it was) you'll do fine! Be ready to read though, because she assigns a lot of it.
Only take her if you know what you're doing regarding writing essays. She's a tough grader but not unfair. I took her once a week and all we did was have class discussions, I don't recommend this because this does not allow time to get help during class or have any peer review time.
I had him for intro to logic, started with 35 students in the class and all but 7 of us dropped it. He's very wise and teaches based on logic and reason. I learned a lot in that class, I feel smarter overall. This class is not for dummies or people that want to memorize and regurgitate information, it's difficult, you have to use your brain.
You hafta meet him halfway. He wants students who are going to wrestle with difficult mat'l. If you struggle and DONT use his office hours, don't gripe. One on one, with a sincere student, he's awesome. If you expect to absorb information and regurge it on test day, he won't care if you pass or fail. Make him want you to succeed & you will.
Don't take this class if you are lazy. period. Be prepared to work. The workload, nor his teaching are unreasonably difficult.
First day he may seem a bit intimidating, but you will get use to his teaching style. This professor is not as bad as the other reviews make him seem. If you know the answer to a the question dont be afraid to say it he won't judge! Just show up and listen/particpate, if you have questions don't be afraid to ask. No HW just read/ 2 ish essay
Show up to class, give feedback, and pay attention to the feedback he gives on poems. He's direct, but not intentionally rude. Best advice, make sure he knows your name by the end of the semester.
He's not as bad as people say he is. He's a professor who cares about students' learning and has interesting teaching methods which help you think. However, the class sessions are very disorganized and he often goes too off-topic. He also grades assignments too subjectively. Overall, he's just okay.
Honestly, this was not my first choice. I wanted to drop his class as soon as I heard the rumors. Would I take him again, probably not, did I actually learn, yes. He is a tough grader but not a mean person. If you just listen and try ur best, that will not be enough,lol. You have to try more than ever. Just go to class & do your work. You can doit
Scott's class is super hard, but he is EXCELLENT when it comes to help. His papers are really hard-make sure you understand the assignment. He likes participation, speak up in class, he will never humiliate, he is a very sweet guy. The only reason I did not like his class was because it was so hard, but as a person, Scott is really cool.
Very difficult Professor. I was lucky enough to pass this class so it is possible to pass! Whole class grade is based on one essay but its not easy. I don't recommend him unless you're willing to work EXTREMELY HARD and dedicate your time to his class. Good luck!
I took this class last year and thought the teacher was hard and read all the comments on Rate My Professor.com. I decided to stay in the class and work my hardest and I passed. This class is no joke you have to do the work and turn in college level papers.
He is a chill teacher who grades really strict and expects a lot from students. Dont expect to pass this class if you dont wanna try on your papers.
This man is a self-proclaimed hard butt and grades accordingly. He seems cool, but don't let his persona trick you. He has no quarrels in giving bad grades. Do not take Bentley if you are not willing to put in the effort. And even then, be ready to get C's for all your hard work.
Bentley is a very good teacher. A bit on the challenging side but still good. He pushes his students to learn and write better. Which is something that I value.
Everything's pretty much been said, this class is basically study hall. You'll learn about how kooky sex is around the world, sure, but it's not because of Almquist's lectures that's for sure. Essays were kind of a pain, but you write it long enough and it's an A all the way. Eh, take it if you need it for your GE, why not?
LOVE HIM!!! So funny .. one of those people who is mad funny without even trying .. hes great plus lectures are a joke we talk about nothing for an hour
worst professor I have ever had, made my experience in the class horrible
She is a funny women and I enjoyed her class but she is all over the place when it comes to her lectures sometimes. Exams were in groups which made things easier just splitting it up in parts for each member to study. There were a few papers that were a bit demanding but overall good class. Loved learning about the music.
I took this class because I needed a Group A class. Honestly, the class itself is somewhat interesting. The only issue is that she gives you a major project that has many components. Also, she does not teach according to the syllabus. She even said in the beginning of the semester that she does not give many A's.
A ton of busy work that if you aren't interested in the topic will drive you crazy. However she is very knowledgeable about her topic and if you REALLY love it, take this class. If your not your are going to be bored out of your mind and hate it.
Bernie Mac's twin sister. Funny, but angry. I like her, but sometimes I wonder if she's the best person for the job.
I really do not understand all the negative comments that are posted here. Dr. Vipond is very clear and informative. I recommend taking this course.
Dr. Vipond delivered decent lectures throughout the course. She occassionally threw in a personal anecdote to liven up the history. She has specific knowlege of Canadian broadcasting history, and a strong enough general knowledge of Canadian history to be effective. The text for this course is an excellent accompaniment for the lectures.
If you don't have a grasp of the language, you will struggle. The class is entirely in Spanish and she moves very quickly through the material. Tests are in essay format and can be difficult if you don't understand/study the material assigned.
Good professor
Good teacher but no speak so good. very easy and fair
He is tough, but it is manageable if you put in the work. Take him over Gross, but beware, this class is not an easy A. You must put in the work and keep up with the optional HW. That is your only hope at an A.
He is awesome! Tests can be tricky, but he tells you what to study before hand, so it's not bad. Funny guy and he's always there to help.
I just started this class with the professor and can see already that he doesn't wait for anyone. He moves extremely fast. If you have not had any pre-calc training like I have, it will be helpful to review the chapters of the book on your own to get an understanding. Then everything he explains will begin to make sense.
He's a cool guy, but does not know how to grade papers. He'll give you a C but not mark anything off the entire thing. It's frustrating sometimes, but I'd still reccomend him. He's really funny and nice.
Two words: Tough love. You really learn things in this guy's class, and you get through all the material. His test format was: Outline, test. When most of the things on the outline are on the test. The test required about 60% memorization and 40% knowledge of material.
he is a nice guy who is willing to help. his class will be hard if you do not pay attention and keep up with your homework. his notes are sometimes confusing.
lots of maple and homework..if you dont do most the homework you wont do well
I honestly have mixed feelings. His ASL is one of the best around, but sometimes wonder if he knows what he is talking about. I also question whether he follows curriculum or not. Could be a wonderful teacher to those who are majoring in science, but suggest most stay away from taking any biology class unless it's required for your major.
I studied for 3 days and FAILED my first test!! Talk about information overload! This was only supposed to be an introductory course!
The honors class was tough as hell. I studied for 8 hours and still got a D on his test!
Vollmers gets a lot of heat, but the truth is that the class wasnt really that difficult. Write down all of the problems she goes over in class, and study ONLY these problems and the vocab, and the tests are cake. She might not be as good of a professor as Dave, but she takes critisism well and really tries hard to help you learn.
One of the best teachers I've ever had. Tough, made me work. Graduated 1992. Have been in an upper management position for over 15 years. Thank you.
very tough, I learned a lot
Seems nice and helpful, but if you go against what she thinks is right, she makes no effort to hide her difference in opinion. Plays favorites and isn't always clear on what is expected. Can be nice, but can also be insulting at times. It's a 50/50 chance that taking her class will be better than others, but maybe you should explore other options.
Tests were practically impossible to finish.
Real liberal. Thinks global warming is real. Sick!
She's a great lecturer but there aren't very many opportunities to cushion your grade because it's all based on tests and quizzes. I worked super hard in this class but I feel like my grade doesn't reflect all that effort. Again, her lectures are great, but most of her policies in the class are a little excessively harsh.
Tough Teeacher and a tough class. Gotta make sure you understand everything thats going on in each lecture. Aris homework is a b*&%# and the tests are tough as hell. Pretty sure I'm gonna fail this semester
There seems to be a disconnect between most first semester students and Prof. Cole: she expects you to work! She is very strict and will not give you any handouts, but if you really work hard (e.g. ask questions), she will notice and do her best to help you. If you don't, she won't give you the time of day. Keep that in mind.
Experience makes the class very useful...brings in lots of good profs.
Very boring prerecorded lectures but everything was pretty easy. No lockdown browser for tests or quizzes so Quizlet and Shazam make this class a joke.
Very nice guy and tries to make the lectures interesting. Pretty easy class, just doesn't seem very useful in life
Incredibly easy. I went to class, but I certainly didn't have to. I literally studied for the final an hour before it started and I got a A. Dr. Wieck is a good guy and loves music. Lots of extra credit, do them, it helps if you're in the B-C range.
Easy online class, never once spoke to the professor, easy A, no homework just tests
Took it online. Didn't like it, because it was a little too much work for an elective. Just be sure you study for his exams.
Don't attend class, Show up for exams, Go to a few concerts, Get an A, Professor seemed to be very knowledgeable.
very boring class. not sure how i made it through or if i even did cuz finals are in a month but, yeah i guess it does cover a gen. ed.
Very easy class. Extra Credit gives you an A. He's hard to understand at times, but is very nice and helpful.
Oversized class, Listening parts of the test can get confusing. But if you go to extra credit concerts you can easily pull off an A.
Good class, if you come to the lectures you will do well on the tests. Very good at the violin
Super fly!!!!
Class is so-so, need to attend to learn anything. Very nice guy, very talented and knowledeable.
Class wasn't as easy as I had hoped. He isn't very good at explaining the terms. But with extra credit concert going, you can get an A.
Boring lecture... grades based only on tests, no extra credit
I learned some stuff but it was hard to maintain interest. I worked and got an A
NOT narrow minded.
American thought sucks, you never know where she is headed
He's a ray of sunshine. Tests are long and extensive. Felt like I was in a military style class room.
morris is the sweetest old guy you will ever meet. he makes the project so easy to understand. gives alot of notes from ppt. TAKE HIM HES DA MAN! u will pass unless ur jus lazy as hell
He is a nice guy but sometimes he doesnt make any sense.
She is really nice but this class was so confusing and I had no desire to even show up ever, we didn't really learn the real concept of anything we talked about
Super Easy Professor. Just follow intructions on all assignments and you'll pass without issue.
She is honestly a sweetheart. I love her as a person but her teaching can be a little all over the place. I would only recommend her if you are willing to pay a little extra attention and be a bit more creative when it comes to your projects. All in all I still love her!
She is super super nice. But this class is not easy. Most of the time she is all over the place with material rambling on. You need to go to class to get the class partic. assignments(easy credit). She allows one sheet of notes for every test/exam. I kinda taught the material to myself and went to all the classes. Its a challenge but not impossible
Loved her because she was hilarious but macroeconomics is a hard subject to comprehend without prior knowledge. She goes through everything thoroughly and curves all her tests. She NEVER lets out early but helps every student as much as possible. I honestly loved her
she is really helpful and flexible its just the techinque you should follow to get thru. other than that every thing i care is her ...
Professor Alves is a great guy he will do everything in his power to pass you! He stays for extra help until 8PM EVERY NIGHT!!! He is a little hard to understand but if you go to him he will explain it as many times as you need it. He gives tons of Extra Credit, DO IT, Im serious he's still tough with test and quizzes. TALKS about the WIFE so funny
He is probably my favorite teacher at JWU! funny guy and makes a boring subject interesting and easier to understand. He gives out ridiculous amounts of extra credit! He gives tons of good notes! He dosnt care what your grade is at the end of the tri, if you put all your effort into the class and tried hard and showed you care, he will pass you!
pretty disorganized but gives you so much extra credit its impossible to fail. Really nice and will do everything he can to help you learn and pass. Don't give him a hard time and the class will run a lot smoother
Horrible class. DOES NOT teach. You do not learn anything in this class! Professor just gives out answers to the quizzes, an advantage to lazy students who wants to waste time and money. He is unclear most of the time. Other than that, he is a nice guy, means well, but should really improve his teaching style.
He can be annoying with giving 3 quizzes in one class however he really does not want to fail anyone as long as they do the extra credit and show interest by going to see him you'll be fine
He is Awesome!!! Pay attention. If you like professors repeating themselves DO NO TAKE THIS CLASS!!!
If you have ADD you'll be best friends with the professor! He is ALL OVER THE PLACE!!! He is constantly telling you that he will drop you if you don't show up or even walk into class 5 minutes late. He does give ALOT of extra credit - makes it easy to pass! Threatens ALOT that he will collect the work done in class too - never does though!!
Frigen Hilarious. This guy is wacked, but if you have a good sense of humor he'll keep u entertained. Sometimes you have no clue what he's talking about but he gives ALOT of extra credit. Read the chapeters, study and you'll pass the test..He's a grade hander.
Economics is a horrible class in my opinion. Since we have to take it, you might as well take it with Prof. Alves because he at least has a heart unlike the other Econ teachers.
good
he is the funniest teach you will ever have at jwu..makes class interesting really wants students to learn
Alves is a good guy, favors some students. Didn't really learn much but he is a good guy, funny as hell if you can understand. S-T-U-D-Y
It's easy if u remember to s-t-u-d-y!!!
pasta meatballs!
75% of the grade comes from testing so if you do not test well beware. If you do all the extra credit it equals a full letter grade jump. Hes a nice guy that does want everyone to do well but the class can be very default for some.
Boring...but his tests were easy...especially the final-could use index card with notes
He once mentioned to our class that he would curve our grades so much that the construction worker across the street would pass the class. Enough said.
Professor Togman is an overall good professor with decent lectures on IR and a humorous personality. The only major issue I have with him is the fact that your midterm, final, and term paper determines your entire final grade, as those are the only things he grades (besides participation). Do all of the readings and study hard (only way to pass)
The only grades are Midterm, Final, and Final Paper. He never really agrees with any statements being made and usually claims it as "off-topic." However, super nice guy and an easy person to get in contact with. The material was a lot to handle for each exam, picky with his short answers. Good & funny guy, wouldn't take the class again though.
The course is straightforward and his expectations are clear. Do what he asks and there won't be a problem. However, he talks consescendingly to students, and I don't think he's aware. Sometimes, someone asks a question and he responds as if they are a child with an over-simplified example. My classmates agree that it's disrespectful.
Good prof - a little too left leaning for me though
I took two courses with Professor Diab. She's totally hippy dippy and a little on the crazy side but really nice. The class is so easy so it's worth taking for an easy A and a break before real classes. Although you do have to buy her books which I guess is the trade-off. She doesn't even read the papers you turn in; she's clueless.
Not what I expected. You will do work. You don't do physical yoga mostly medetation and breathing excersie. OK class
Veryyy boring class, he never took attendance and pretty much didn't even care whether or not you came to class. His tests were pretty easy and there wasnt really much work involved. Has a clearing of the throat problem but he's still good
decent teacher...if you listen and do the work you will get an a
if you can look past the fact that the guy never shows up, take him and you'll get an A
An easy 'A' if you do the work....easy tests, and he misses a lot of classes
Decent teacher. Classes are primarily him lecturing and occasionally asking for class participation. Class is boring, but manageable. Not a lot of grades in the gradebook, but midterm and final were take homes and not too bad. As long as you put effort into the work he gives and talk occasionally, you'll be fine.
Dr. Greene is a good professor, he explains things well, does not grade harshly. You are expected to do a lot of reading but the papers are not too bad.
Professor Greene's class is a little boring. He teaches more lecture style but you can tell he is a master in his topics and is incredibly brilliant. if history is not something you are passionate about you will find class time incredibly boring however the work load is light. Mid Term, Final, Short essay, Long paper
2 essays based on the source book, one book report, and a midterm and final. He doesn't really have a structure to his lessons he just kind of wings it, but if you can stay awake its not too bad. His exams aren't hard and the document essays are nothing to worry about
I am taking him again form AFAM 1214 (part 2). Go to class, take notes, read and you should do fine. You are required to do a paper- try to make it really good. His voice is very dry and he is boring, your laptop helps!
He's ok. Boring, but sometimes interesting.
DR.GREENE IS NOT AS BAD AS EVERYONE IS SAYING, HE IS VERY LENANT WITH HIS GRADING IF YOU SHOW SOME EFFORT. THERE ARE ONLY 2 TESTS IN A MIDTERM , A FINAL AND A FINAL PAPER. IF YOU LISTEN TO WHAT HE REALLY LIKE U WILL PASS.
Class was alright. It is a lot of work (assignments, exams, discussions, etc.) but its not hard to get an A. Offers a substantial amount of extra credit (can increase grade by 10%). Class was not interesting or fun - I do not recommend this specific course. Prof. is alright though - easy grader.
Highly knowledgeable and an excellent researcher. This man is great at what he does, though he can struggle to relate that knowledge in a comprehensible fashion to his students which renders him a rather mediocre teacher, particularly when paired with the offhanded insults and offensive commentary made in class.
Be prepared to write LONG of essay answers.
The class requires a lot of work so be prepared.
Mckay is honestly one of the best professors I've had at UD- a very down to earth guy who is obviously very passionate about the environment. class was always interesting and he's actually a pretty funny guy.
Dr. Langley challenged the hell out of me, but in the end I learned so much from him than I've learned from any other prof. Study study study. He wants serious students. That's how you'll earn his respect. Go to office hours. He is an ass, but deal with it and he'll respect you and help you. I got an A... toughest A I've ever earned. Good luck!
Langley can be your best friend or worst enemy. If you don't read the syllabus you will find yourself questioning his teaching. Don't be dumb, lazy, or try to blame him. DO THE HOMEWORK.GO TO SI TO CHECK ANSWERS. MEMORIZE DEFINITIONS WORD FOR WORD AS HE SAYS THEM OR YOU WILL BE WRONG. Pace yourself during tests. Do all the work first then go back and do answers. TRUST ME. Then answer is only two points. And you only have one hour. Go to his office for help. If you do all of that your fine.
I've had him for both 133 and 134, he is a tough professor but if your respectful and show up to class he'll do anything he can to help you succeed in his class. He's super sarcastic and can come off as an ass in class but go to his office hours and ask questions, this will save you in his class. DO THE HOMEWORK
This class is hard. Do not come to college chemistry and expect it to be easy. Trust me I feel your pain, I am not a naturally intelligent student. I work for every grade I get. And that is exactly what his class requires. You will find it pays off BIG TIME. Especially when you already know whats going on in lab. STUDY STUDY. He is there to help.
his talking is hard to understand at times and his test are extremely hard but the grading scale is 70=A etc.
He is an extremely hard teacher. I went to his office regularly and I still made a C in the class. The tests are overly difficult, and his extremely sarcastic and patronizing nature doesn't help things.
dr. langley is a VERY nice guy, but a VERY hard teacher, chemistry is HARD period, but if you go to his office he is willing to help you! but no one... i repeat... NO ONE understands anything in class... so its a MUST that you go to his office, but most likely you're still gonna fail, only 5 people out of ALLLLL his students made an A...
Langley is one of the most sarcastic men I've ever met! If I didn't have a great chemistry background I would have been in trouble. To pass his class do the assingments, take the retest if you made below a 50, go to his office for help(he gives bonus pts. for that), and VISIT HIS WEBSITE!! He doesn't tell u about it, but it's in the syllabus.
He is a hard professor. Don't get me wrong I learned a lot and I am taking him for 134 next semester, but it is a hard class. If you go to the SI groups, study, do your homework problems and get help, you should be fine. I did well on most of the material in his class and he gives extra points for going into his office. GOOD LUCK!!
He is a very hard teacher. Take him when the rest of your schedule is a light workload. His tests are hard, but if you do the homework, go to his office, buy his study guide, go to SI, and work in a study group you will do fine. You will not understand the material if you dont do at least half of these things. Doing these things i made an A.
I was dreading taking this class after my experience with a horrible teacher for 133..Langley is a bit off but he's alot better than I thought. Alot of memorization, but whenever you go to his office, he gives you extra points! I enjoyed taking him!
Extremely hard prof. If you are pursuing a degree in chemistry you will take him for both inorganics. if not AVOID him, Tests are from the homework and there is a curve, act like you are failing and you will pass the class. If you want an impossible challenge he is the hardest.
This is a very fast pace course. Stay on top of the homework. There is more to do outside the classroom than in the classroom. Be prepared to study. He teaches very fast, but it is word for word in his study guide. Don't be afraid of him. Ask for help if you need it. Read the syllabus thoroughly.
Dr. Langley is a very difficult professor, and is sarcastic at times but you WILL learn the material if you try. He gives 20pt. curves, re-tests, and statistically more people get A's in his class than any other grade. There is a lot of homework, but if you really want to learn, I recommend Langley.
hard all year...gives a huge curve so don't feak
Easy class if you've taken any spanish classes before, if not, get ready to learn by yourself. The professor doesn't have any lectures and you're mostly learning from the textbook. In this class you'll pass mostly by memorizing the vocab and tests are easy if you're memorizing. There are multiple quizzes a week and oral presenations for every unit.
He is a really nice guy and very knowledgeable about the subject, but he is not the greatest teacher. He gets off track super easily and half the class we talk about everything but Spanish. You have to be good at working on your own. His tests are really hard and he doesn't help you prepare for them. Super nice person, but take a different prof
This class was a joke. He wasn't there for half the semester and/or didn't show up and we were responsible for learning most of the material on our own. Yes, this is an absolute easy A class, but it will not prepare you for Spanish 2. I'm dying right now in that class.
Probably the best professor I have taken at GC. Incredibly nice and made me look forward coming to class every day. If you do the packets, study the vocab, and just practice writing in Spanish, you would pass the class with an A easily. Everyone enjoyed the class and I'm definitely going to miss it.
Professor Vincent is AWESOME! Some people complained about him always pushing back due dates but it worked out well for me. The online homework is the worst part of the class (that stupid talking egg is so annoying!). Tests were fairly easy if you did the homework and know the vocab. I recommend taking this class.
He does not grade and return work promptly. For Spanish 120 his goal is to have students become fluent in Spanish. Fluency should be left to Spanish II and III. This instructor will consume your time with oral presentations, quizzes, exams and other demands on a weekly basis. Enjoy the equivalent of a mid-term each week? Go for it.
Mr. Vincent is a very mellow professor. He is a little disorganized but not to an intolerable extent. However, if you don't already know some Spanish, his class will be an extreme challenge for you. He assigns a lot of homework, so be sure you have lots of time in your schedule to complete it. Also, you can be late but it will hurt your grade.
Great teacher, okay teaching habits. I would recommend taking him.I had very limited spanish and I received a B in the class.
Really nice guy. A lot of assignments, but if you do most of them, you will be fine. If you hate oral presentations don't take him because there are 4 of them. I ****ed and moaned about the class, but i was very suprised when I got a B and i slacked off a lot
Coolest teacher, you can get a good grade in his class if you try, he is understanding and grades very nice. He is a very cool person and teacher, i would recomend this class to anyone who wants to learn but is worried about getting a bad grade, try and you'll get an A or B
Thumbs up.
If you HAVE to take spanish to transfer and don't care all that much about it then take this class. He is VERY laid back. Doesn't teach much in class so read the book and memorize the vocab and you'll be fine.
Hes a nice guy and alright sometimes, but his teaching style is very disorganized. Easy for the most part.
He is pretty unorganized but it really does work for your advantage. He is very easy going but don't get on his bad side or else your doomed. Speak a lot of spanish in class...not only does help you but he loves it!!!
Pretty easy teacher. He does not expect anything from his students and is VERY lenient with everything. Easiest A i've ever had!!!
fairly easyand a push-over, but his spanish is hard to understand
Had him for Public Speaking, and the class was an absolute blast. He was hard to understand a lot of the time, but he managed to make class interesting. He's an insane man, I've never had a teacher as crazy as he is. But I'd rather have a crazy Public Speaking teacher than a boring one.
Professor Dai cares about his students, however, his heavy accent makes lectures very difficult to comprehend. During lectures, he goes over many examples as we follow along. There are only 3-4 exams, plus homework. The homework is all due at the end of the semester.
This professor was okay. He has a thick accent, so it can be hard to understand but I didn't have a lot of problems understanding him. He's a fair grader and if you do the work, it's almost impossible to fail. He wasn't the best at explaining the material, so you'll probably have to teach yourself.
He's very knowledgeable, but I feel like he doesn't understand that we're undergrad students. In class examples are easy but the homework is difficult and requires out of the box thinking (or Google) because they seem to be centered around engineering. However, tests are literally homework based and you get a front/back cheat sheet you can make.
He has an accent but if you can pay attention you'll be able to understand it. He's very funny and i love his class! He really loves what he does and cares about his students
Funny guy. Not the greatest professor but was more than willing to help when I asked for it.
He is somewhat hard to understand, however, he is extremely helpful. You are given a quiz every week, but he will give you sample questions, which are helpful. Tests are easy and multiple choice. Lectures are very detailed.Gives students many chances to raise grades, and extends due dates. Attendance isnt mandatory, but attend class for notes.
He is acctually one of the nicest professors that I've had. He is difficult to understand but if you try and take notes it's not that hard. He wants you to do well and gives students every opportunity to.
He is actually not that bad. He's tries so hard to make things "crystal clear". So you know he does try to be a good teacher. I went to class for tests and quizzes only and passes with an A. So I would recommended him cus his class is so easy and he drops low quiz grades too so there's like no way you can fail.
he is a very nice man. yeah, it is hard to understand him but he tries to help everyone out. the webwork did suck but he kept pushing the due date back so that you could get a good grade. he also did examples in class to help you with the webwork. not a very hard teacher, and helps his students as much as he can.
xiangde makes me smile.
Tries hard, but not a good teacher. Nice guy, will help you when you need it. Sends emails out with every assignment that is due. You will be using the book for this class.
Mr. Dai is very hard to understand, however very helpful and not strict at all with anything. He takes attendance but if you come to every class it is an easy A, sometimes he will give you 20 points for just being there. This class is very easy and Mr. Dai is very helpful.
This class is so easy! I am terrible at math and I somehow have an A in this class. The quizzes are extremely easy and partial credit is given. The homework is based on effort. The tests are multiple choice. You can sleep through class and teach yourself(the book is clear). Takes attendance!!!!!!
It is very hard to understand him. Just do your homework and show up for the tests. You will have to teach yourself the material but if you have problems he is willing to help.
hard to understand, but easy class
He is a very nice guy...
You have at least 50 pages of reading per night and daily quizzes. You need to be avidly taking notes during class because while what he talks about is interesting, you need to know everything for the exam. I studied 20 hours for the final and only got a BC. There are map quizzes and current events quizzes from the Christian Science Monitor too.
Needs more exams
Ridiculously hard for a 100 level. Be forewarned, you have to memorize every country in the world. Being a freshman, I didn't expect that. He definitely knows his stuff, but it's hard.
I talked to another professor on campus and found that the ELITE Model UN is a myth. He said those students often perform worse than others in the class and frequently cheat on assignments and try to bluff their "superior" knowledge much like Dr. Hulme. I guess they are his true students.
Do exactly what he says and you'll do great.
Overall, I really liked Dr. Fobes. She's a little kooky at times, that's for sure, but classes are pretty interesting and she makes you laugh just from laughing herself. Be ready to read a LOT, though, and be ready for her to act like it's not a lot.
Dr. Fobes is one of my favorite professors at Alma College. She is very invested in your success and is always there to assist you. She gives bonus points on papers just for going to the Writing Center, and she is a fairly easy grader.
Dr. Fobes teaches several Sociology courses at Alma College. She caused me to lose interest in my major the last semester of my senior year. She tricked several of her students into taking a new course she was piloting, claiming it was mandatory. She wouldn't let me drop, I had to get the VP at Alma involved because of the stress she caused.
Dr. Fobes is insane and can be exrememly mean when she feels like it. Don't let her fuxxy exterior fool you, as soon as she gets you alone in her office she will turn into a huge green monster. Don't ever get sick or ask for help or you will be eaten.
Fobes is a quality professor. She often lets her passion become too persuasive.
Good teacher ~ but i guess they have never heard of deoderant in whatever country he's from...
You da man!
Prof. Atzema is kind and patient, but takes some of your knowledge for granted. Be ready to attend office hours. Study guides rarely reflect exam material. He also skips through parts of examples that seem basic to him, but often aren't basic to the students.
His lectures can be difficult to follow at times, and sometimes his examples don't clearly demonstrate concepts. He has lots of office hours outside of class for help, and is very interested in the subject. Take advantage of practice tests as they're fairly similar to exams. Explorations are far more difficult than homework/tests.
Atzema is pretty average. He's a great guy, very accessible, but has trouble communicating things when his students get stuck. He's a very fair grader, lots of partial credit, but on the other hand his tests always involve insanely hard questions, much harder than what is covered in class and homework.
Helpful outside of class. Has slight accent that is difficult in the start, but gets better. I thought of switching Week 2, but was glad I stuck with it. Exams pull from HW worksheets, in-class examples and practice tests. Homework is WAY harder than actual exams.
Eisso is a nice enough guy. If you need extra help, he will be more than willing to try and help you understand. Tests were mostly different than previous exams that he gives out, which made it hard to study for.
Atzema is a very intelligent professor. A lot but is willing to help as long as you ask. The tests and explorations were much easier than most of the homework. Although the homework isn't required, you will be at a loss on the test without the practice. He is also very receptive to questions, and doesn't mind repeating something if its unclear.
he knew what he was teaching, could not get subject matter accross to me. gives good partial credit
Made a lot of x-credit so people could pull up their grades. An ok prof, but he gets very defensive when you ask questions. Seems condesending, but could just be socially inept.
Good guy who knows his stuff. If you're looking for someone easy look elsewhere.
He's hard yes but it will be worth it in the end.
Evil man
Clearly explains all work expected, and provides outlines at the beginning of every class. Her bedside manner stinks, though. She screamed at a guy who fell alseep one morning (9am class), and she berated the entire class once for handing in "substandard" essays. Dry, boring lectures, but attendance is required in all classes.
Tuyay was a chill teacher, but he goes off topic a lot. I will say that history is my least favorite subject, and I hardly bothered to pay attention in class because I don't care for the subject; however, he's funny and will give you a chance to pass. Seriously... I got Ds on tests but turned in my papers and passed.
Make sure you read the textbook!! Lectures are based on a summary and he just goes through it it. Big research paper due at the end of the semester. He likes to joke about everything.
Prepared the class well for his exams; solicited personal experiences from class to make the lessons come alive; sessions many times were geared toward entertainment to connect with today's ADD generation; whimsical with awarding extra credit points; forgot at times to whom the extra credit points were awarded; used and allowed profanity in class.
Tuyay is very funny; pretty sure he reuses his funny stories but it's okay. Read the book, and participate in class and I'm sure you'll do fine.
Prof. Tuyaay always kept the class interesting with his humor.
Reading is a MUST. His lectures are boring which made time go so slow. He's funny at times and he goes off topic too often. Participation is a must and extra credit is offered. Assignments are self explanatory. I really should have worked harder for this class. Take advantage of the extra credit and participate, it will help your grade.
he gets off topic a lot and jokes around. you need to actually take notes and read your textbook for his midterms. he gives a lot of extra credit. be ready to participate in class because he give participation points. very easy final.
Tuyay's class was an okay class. His lectures were long and boring, you have to read the textbook before coming into class. Tuyay's assignments were very self-explanatory, again, to pass his midterms, you have to READ and prepare for it. Offers a ton of extra credit if you're falling behind. Participation is a MUST. Work hard and study.
He was really funny, but his jokes are so repetitive. Record his test reviews and you'll do fine on the tests. He rambles and gets off topic a lot, easy A!
He studers. Also, he does seem to know what the hell he's talking about. He reads off a website. His jokes are lame. Some are funny, but he just doesn't seem to teach. He prefers to joke and play around making fun of students, which can be funny, but at the same time something not expected of a professor. Cut the bs Tuyay and TEACH!
Decent at best. Had a hard time following some of his lectures as he was often off on a tangent. Not much clarity throughout course. Definitely a doable course. Funny at times, nice guy too.
I had this professor during the summer session, he was ok. The only problem was that if you dont read the book, you will have a hard time during his lecture. The best thing about this professor is that he gave ALOT of extra credit, if he gives you extra credit you might want to take advantage to each and every single one, because it will help you!!
I do not know why people say that tuyay Is not a good professor. this professor goes over and beyond to help his students learn the material and pass the class with a decent grade.
Notes in class not well organized. Participate in class. Don't take his ridicule personally. Be passionate for Filipino History. Read the books. Be VERY specific on midterms. Extra credit will help improve your score and give insight on your experiences of the Filipino influence in the U.S. Use this class to improve awareness of Filipino culture.
Tuyay picks favorites, and teases people he does not like. He is fairly annoying.
Although not an easy class, Tuyay does give alot of extra credit.. Also, he gives you 60 question on each test (50 graded, 10 extra credit). If you do poorly on a test you can pull your grade back up on another. And he only requires about 3 papers in the semester. The primary cause of failure in his class is student laziness.
He is awesome! I really enjoyed his class and it was my favorite class. He gives out lots of extra credit. There are 2 midterms and 1 final. midterm is you are wrinting an essay. He gives you possible topics. Easy A if you read all the material!!!
took him on summer. read the book cause everything's from there!! one 4 page paper. class tends to be boring but if you like american humor, you'll like him. tries to be funny & crack jokes a lot! sometimes funny & sometimes he makes fun of students & tells them not to take it personal. got a C :( just try to keep in track as much as you can. don't
if you like history and very important reading, then take his class. He gives study guides for the test(5 in the semester), read 6 chapters per guide and you'll pass the test. If you don't good luck!. lots of extra credits:). He know what he's taching but needs to be more clear.And if you want to know what he's talking about, read the day before.
Very funny man. Kept everyone in class interested, says randomn things ALOT. Great teacher. Make sure u participate! Gives extra credit assignments. Study and you'll be fine. Did i mention he is funny like our parents funny ahah =)Tuyay!!
he's rude and if he's in a bad mood he'll take it out on the class or on you.
This teacher is the most easiest teacher in ther world. It is so easy that you can even get an A in his class kist bu sleeping. Listen very carefully to his lecture and take good notes. He jokes to much but someimes he can go overboard and anoy you up the wall and all you want to do is stick food
funny teacher lectures boring read textbook do all extra credit tests are textbook based studyguides will help
This teacher is very funny or at least thinks he is. He'll sometimes pick on people (i.e he picked on some guy practically everyday because he was mormon). He expects everyones full atention or else he'll have a little power trip!
Class is extremely easy if you READ the material BEFORE class. Teaches and lectures straight from book. Take advantage of all the extra credit & you'll get an A. Take my advice: READ THE MATERIAL BEFORE CLASS and you'll do fine.
taken his class but i dropped because he jokes around 2 much and i dont understand the way he teaches. But im taking him again cuz he is a cool teacher he just jokes to much ahahaha.
This guy has jokes, tries to relate to youths, doesnt spend time appropriately
I enjoyed professor Thomas' lectures, she made them interesting. I only had her for lecture so I don't know how she is for lab, but overall I consider her one of the better chem teachers. hw is not mandatory but extremely useful in studying for tests and quizzes. skim through the chapters before class and it'll make it easier to learn the material
She is fair to some extent because she is way to picky when it comes to lab reports. She teaches application to chemistry mostly but not the understanding or theory of chemistry so much. She does give most of her time to help her students and is a nice person though. The class is challenging and time consuming so don't slack off or else =O
i missed one class and i was lost for the rest of the semester
She likes to complain about everything you do.
He goes over the slides in GREAT detail, so be ready to listen. He's really interested in what he is teaching, which I believe makes him a better educator. The only grades that go into the book are the 4 tests that we have, so make sure that you study and you'll pass
Knows his stuff but lectures for a long time in very monotone voice. He posts his PowerPoints online so you don't necessarily have to go to class. You're only graded on 4 tests the entire semester but they're all online. His TA's do most of his work for him. Says the textbook is required but I never used it. Good teacher, just boring at times.
This professor was okay. There isn't much class interaction. The only assignments are four tests. No exam. The only bad thing about not having a large workload is if you do badly on a test, your grade plummets. There are a couple of extra credit opportunities. He's very lenient. No required attendance.
Took fully online & asynchronous, Prof is a really nice and understanding man, but the course material is hard to grasp. There are only four tests and a group paper that make up the entire semester grade, and the tests frequently have questions that arent covered at all. Even with open notes, powerpoints, and study guides, I struggled. No lectures.
This class is very test heavy. You only have four test grades and one semester paper. Lectures every class and very boring. The test questions are general questions of the topics on the lectures, comparisons, along with question based on his personal opinion on historical events. I would suggest doing the extra credit, helps a lot. Not a hard class
This class was easy, but not fun. It was boring and I often didnt want to go but he takes attendance almost every class and it counts. Reading textbook helps for test but is not required for any assignments. His TA does a lot of the work.
Very heavy on lectures, groups for projects and "attendance", and test online outside of class
Professor Rutledge was the most boring lecturer I've ever had. However, all the power points are online so if you miss class you don't miss much. You do have to work in groups with about 4-5 power point projects and he takes attendance. You can sign your name and leave if you need to. Final semester paper with partner. Overall, easy A.
Only grades are 4 tests and 4 group projects. Pick your group wisely. Easy projects though. Tests are very hard, lots of trick questions. Smart teacher, but bashes religion a decent amount. Take him if you don't see an easier class.
He knows what he's talking about, but his delivery method isn't effective. It's hard to focus on what he's saying, and honestly the slides are too long to write in your notes, so it's hard to follow along. Nice enough guy.
Be forewarned that he is very opinionated and many students disagree with him. Yet, if you come to class and listen to the lectures you will pass with an "A" or "B". I see no reason why anyone would get a lower grade. Another warning, his class is pure lecture, not much class interaction. Also, there are three group projects and a group essay.
I can tell he's really passionate about sociology, but personally, it wasn't that interesting to me. Lectures can be dull, but hang in there. Study the Powerpoints and know your definitions for tests and you should be fine! Got an A on all my tests so far. Drops the lowest test grade at the end of the semester. Textbook isn't needed.
Dudes boring, and lame. But class is easy. Attendance is mandatory he took me off the roster after I missed a few classes so I had to get a note explaining why. Easy class, didn't buy book. Got an A. Lame, but worth it.
Pretty easy teacher, very dry lectures. You can tell hes really interested in the topic but all he does is talk from the first minute to the last. Tests are easy if you study the powerpoints which are online, attendance isnt mandatory. Extra credit paper mid semester. Dont buy the book, you dont need it.
Yes, his class is really boring, but you will survive. The tests aren't that bad, just memorize the powerpoints.
He is indeed very smart and he has a good class. You just have to actually show up because its hard to correlate between what he puts online and what he actually wants you to know.
Rutledge speaks in a monotone voice and can be very boring, but he opens your eyes to a lot of things that you normally would not have thought about. You have to come to class because he takes attendance, but the notes are online so you dont have to take notes.
i had him for popular culture. I thought the class was going to be live and fun. He talked about a lot of old stuff that i couldnt relate to but he made the class very interesting! He is very smart and knows what he is talking about. Make sure to attend class and read the power point notes and read the book!! this is an easy B or C class!
Rutledge is somewhat of a hard teacher. If you have no interest in sociology, don't take the class. He is liberally biased, even though he tries not to be. I've had him twice. The first class I made a C, and the second I got an A. If you buckle down for the assignments & tests, you will make an A. (FYI, he is terrible at returning e-mails)
Rutledge is extremely boring. There is no point in going to class because his notes are on powerpoint and he doesn't take attendance. He speaks in monotone the whole time. Easy to make a good grade if you study the powerpoints and read the textbook.
The 1960s was a crazy era. This man makes it incredibly boring. He puts a liberal bias spin on the class, and half the time rants about Bush and not the 60s. Lots of movies, he grades very harshly, and does not make it interesting AT ALL. He rambles and repeats himself. He's not a BAD teacher, but by far not a GOOD teacher. I don't recommend him.
He is very knowledgable about this subject, primarily because he is/was a "hippy". His tests are hard, but if you print off his powerpoints and study guides you should be fine. There is a group project in this class that he assigns for you, but it is easy. He tells you about his hippy days which is interesting, but he is quite intimidating at times
He doesn't check attendance, but if u want to make a good grade u need to go to every class. His test questions come mostly from the class notes (u don't even need the book), so if u don't go to class u won't do well on the tests. It's an OK class, it's just BORING! I have a high B right now...it's possible to make an A.
Class is boring but he is a good teacher and he is sometimes funny. Some things are interesting but not many. take notes and you'll pass the tests
gets the info across, very obsessed with the 60's but picks iteresting info.
if you go to class, take notes, take tests on time and do the extra credit, then there is no way you cant get atleast a B. it is an easy class as long as you go, and attendance is not required.
I love this teacher!! He doesn't take attendance!! Easiest tests. Don't bother studying, it's all easy if you think his way, LIBERAL. Think liberal, think open minded, think Rutledge and you NEVER have to attend class! Enjoy...
hey is a very boring teacher that wears this stupid microphone! you will do well in the class if you take notes and study. you don't really need the book, but its more interesting than the lectures. he's ok, not the best but i like him
tests are easy, journals are hard.Easy to make an a B, but you have to try for an A. Nice guy, but if you hate liberals don't take him.
Class is boring but the topic of the class is boring. Very easy class though, just come to class and do what he says and you should have an A. For the required group presentation, make sure you include videos because he likes that, don't just read off papers. Don't be afraid to speak up either.
STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THIS TEACHER!!!! TREATS YOU LIKE CHILDREN!
This is such an easy class. If you go to class regularly and take good notes, you should be fine.The material is interesting.
He's not my favorite teacher in the world, the class was not hard though if you buy the books, do the paper, and go to it.
I think this teacher is pretty good, he explains material throughly...my problem is the class is very repetitive and can get boring. I dont like that semester paper is given back on day of final.
I had Rutledge for two classes this semester, the 1960's and Am. Values. If you don't mind being bored to death, take his classes. They're an easy A. You don't even have to go to class, just take the tests and do the group presentations. Boring, but easy.
boring its a horrible course.... pointless
Just do the work, not hard, boring...yes. very boring.
Good man...class can be a little slow at time, but what class isn't? I recommend him to anyone, he's a very smart man!
pay attention in class. Take notes and make A. Test ridiculously easy.
lectures are hard to listen to, but he is a great guy
This is the Pop Culture class. I graduated with University Honors...trust me on this rating. I took this class thinking I would get an easy A. This is not an easy class, so if you're a senior, take music appreciation or something else. DO NOT TAKE THIS!!
you have to go to class and take notes...lectures are boring..monotone voice
class is extremely boring, but no need to read the book.
sexy!!!!
BORING...He talksin monotone BLAH BLAH BLAH!! class seems like it'll never end
personality of a wet mop; good sleeping period, sooo boring
He's ok. But his tests are very tricky.
not sure what to make of this guy - maybe i need to know him better...
Boring, tests from lectures, no attendance, he never smiles?
Tests were very difficult, 4-5 essays on involved topics in a 50 minute period. Often teaches from an economic point of view, often came across as biased. Class was interesting and worth attending, but I thought it was very difficult for a 100 level course, and I am an EES major!
Mark Anderson is the man. his class was informative if not well attended because no one came...tests were actually legitimate because the were over the notes...just study...you'll get a good grade
professor anderson is really nice and i liked this class. he doesnt post his powerpoint on firstclass so you better be taking good notes. the tests were good but challenging. if you remember most of the questions on previous tests the final should be good.
Random quizes given weekly, not scored clearly. Participation is by poll. Boring class but he tries to joke once in a while. Exams are easy if you read the material, you don't have to really study as long as you attend class.
i felt that his tests were difficult and abit unfair. took off points for the smallest of things.
There was a lot of reading to do. The exam review session I went to helped a lot. The tests really required you to know the smallest details sometimes. The teacher also had a liberal bias that showed through sometimes. And I agree with the first com
He is very good at Policy, but is rough on you when you mention flaws in the sys
definitely a smurf!
Straight forward lecturer...reminds me of papa smurf.
I enjoyed this class. It was an easy A and Amy is great!
Easy class if you have taken any class above Algebra level. A little confusing on what she wants and grader was harsh. Allows you to correct all homework and offers a lot of extra credit work. Lots of explorations in class with little lecture. Goes over homework before you pass it in.
not really a people person, but gives students many chances to do well
unclear in class, seems confused, nice and helpful overall, though
Once I got used to his teaching style, I really enjoyed this class. A lot of the test questions are straight from the practice quizzes in the Study Guide book. If you attend class, take notes, and do the practice quizzes, you should do really well!
learned a lot in his class, but it was pretty challenging.....make sure you do the work and show up to class, or you will not do well!
he tried to be interesting but i always wanted to fall asleep. I took gen psych 2 times with him and i dropped out the 2nd time and i'm taking it with another professor b/c i j/ didnt get it!
Guess I'm the oddball. He doesn't know me personally, I'm just finishing the class. The study guide is extremely helpful, and if you go to class and pay attention it seems relatively easy. So far all A's, do don't worry too much.
The class seems easy, most of his material IS easy, but no matter how hard I studied or did not study, I got straight 74's for all his tests. Kinda makes me wonder.
Smart. Encouraging. Difficult.
sounds like the lady's Man .
exams are hard & tricky
stutters a le le lot
uh......does use uh...... a lot uh... but gets the point across..... somehow
Lectures drag on, but class is easy.
If you show up, do the homework, and do the practice tests he gives you'll be fine. His lectures are boring but well worth it for the huge curves he gives. Easy class, don't need too much studying.
Very fast-paced classes and hard to follow sometimes. Make sure you go over your notes sometime after class to teach yourself because you probably won't learn it in class. Test are very difficult and usually scaled 15-18 points because the class does so bad on it so try to doing the practice problems helps.
I expected his class to be a lot harder than it was. He has an accent but it does not interfere with his teaching.His tests are fair and taken right from questions in the book.
Professor Bhisham Gupta is genuinely a nice person. He definitely has a very strong grasp on Statistics. However, he also has a very strong accent that makes it difficult to understand what he is saying. There were a few times that I did not understand
Tough grader, if you're looking for an easy A, this isn't for you. Definitely makes you work for your grade, but you learn a lot
Really enthusiastic and passionate
Professor Shins' class can be very difficult if you do not read the textbook or really dive into the lectures. He grades very fairly and does not provide extra credit. So if you do not take the time to study, you will not pass. If you take this class, get ready to read!
This was online and over only 6 weeks. This class is very demanding and should be given a lot of time per week. Go to office hours and ask questions
Beware if you are taking his summer courses abroad: The 3 exams are synchronous from 4-6pm Pacific time regardless of your location in the world. The course grade is curved by percentile so it depends on how others did in the course. If you have taken stat119 you will find 2/3 of the concepts similar.
Not a math person but are required to take MIS301 for graduation requirements? Shin's online class is tough! Go to office hours and get help! This is the second time I'm taking the class. Only 3 exams over the Summer but 4 exams for the Spring or Fall semester. His accent can be difficult at times but he wants you to succeed. Exams are on campus.
Prof. Shin is a great guy and tries to make a tough technical class interesting and funny. Took the first session of this class so I'm sure it will get better in the future. In class labs are a little unstructured.. book is just okay.. Tests are a little tricky and he's a tough grader on presentations.. but overall, a pretty good IS elective.
Prof Shin is a good teacher, but the material is hard to grasp within the time limit of one semester. I usually dont study and get As; however, I had to study for this class and managed an A-. Advise: Read the chapters numerous times and visit him during office hours. He also allows you to ask questions during class, he is always willing to help.
Shin is a good guy. He genuinely cares about his students. He wrote me many recommendations for grad school. He was always available for his students during office hours. We went to see him very often to get help with the material. He gives lots of quizzes so be ready for them. The exams are also somewhat difficult. But you can get a good grade.
I liked Prof Shin. He does have an accent though. The tests are tough and you have weekly quizzes so you must read before coming to class and attendance is mandatory if you want a good grade. The projects are easy points though and should help boost your grade. Not an easy class but nobody fails due to the curve he gives at the end.
Prof. Shin is not very clear. When you ask him a question, he will "dance" arond the answer, but you will never get a straight answer from him. I recommend you do as many assigned problems as you can. This is the best practice. This is not an easy class, so you'll need to put some effort to get a good grade. He is pretty quick to reply to emails.
if yu study youre gonna do good, make sure u buy the book, coz it will help you a lot whenever u do not understand the teacher. funny guy though. pay attention to the lecture in the text, coz he grades a lot of it.
Exams aren't too bad, I did flash cards and took notes in class that helped a little bit. Funny little man & sometimes struggles to get his point through. Pretty entertaining class, a lot of useful information presented. Quizes every week, as long as you skim through book you'll get ?s right.
He can be imcompetent sometimes. There have been several times where the students had to correct his mistakes on exams, quizzes and lectures. Class is super boring. Quizzes every week and there are 2 midterms. He took out the big Linux project this semester.
Like other have mentioned--read the book. His lectures, while interesting, aren't really that relevant to the class or tests. Quizes weekly on readings from book. Be familiar with linux or find a friend who is. He won't be able to help you. Very friendly and nice.
Some of his assignments are ridiculous but he is only trying to help his students learn and I think he deserves a break.Its a tough class so study hard for exams and don't fall behind on quizzes or homework.Read book extensively and repeatedly to do well on exams and quizzes.Curves final grade.
Read the book, come to class, do the quizes, do the linux project ahead of time, read the book again, and you will pass.
Shin is a nice guy and is in love with suse linux. The key to getting a good grade in this class is to know every detail in the book. This is some of the most useful info in the IDS major so u might as well learn it. Shin gives pop quizzes,so go to class.
At first, I didn't like Carla. It's true that she expects way too much of her students for a 200-level class, and if you didn't have her for 170 as well, you might be lost. You HAVE to do the readings or you'll be lost af. But she is really understanding if you give her a chance. Easily swayed by emotion and you can usually get an extension, lol.
She is a brilliant teacher! There were times it was hard to understand what was happening, but there was no problem asking questions in class. She demands through her actions that you read the material and come in prepared. I ended up taking several classes from her because she made me a better writer and student.
She is a hard teacher, but she will work with you if you put in the effort. If you want to be a better student than she is the way to go. She will make you work, but if you are looking to move on to a master's degree she will help you write a paper worth turning in.
I noticed that some of Prof. Billitteri's worst critics made the most grammatical mistakes. Yes, her course was tough and yes, more material than usual went over my head. Still, I learned more in her class than from many others. It's possible to get a good grade if you work hard and at least pretend to show interest and respect in class.
Had I read these reviews, I may have missed the most significant educational experience of my undergraduate career. She is one of the brightest and most passionate people I have ever met. Yes, her class is hard and she requires the same intellectual discipline from her students that she requires of herself. What are you here for? Growth or easy A's?
You get the hang of the class about 2/3 through the semester. Intellectual discipline is absurd. Linguistics belongs in the upper 400's - this is hardly an intro class - which is why it is so difficult. Assignments are given inadequate completion times. HOWEVER - if you demonstrate even any proficiency in the course, you will get a good grade.
Extremely brilliant, and helpful if you make the effort.
Interesting class, but a little over my head at times
Do not take his classes.
Not a history major, but I took this class because it sounded interesting. I was surprised how interesting he made the material, and the lectures were worth going to. Lots of reading involved, but its not hard to get a good grade
PROS: He really knows his history. He is always prepared for class and usually has tests and papers returned within one week. CONS: His map tests are unfair and he is hard to approach.
Be prepared to write your @$$ off. LOTS of notes. Miller has a very dry sense of humor, and talks fast, but everything is important. He tries to be funny, but does not always succeed. Lots of reading, 5 books or so, but the papers are wicked easy.
Had him my freshmen yr in this class, there were many books to read, but most of them were enjoyable. His test are to the point, gives you an outline of what to study for terms, and what to expect for essay topics to write about.
Tests were confusing and hard when compared to the notes taken in class, be prepared to memorize EVERYTHING. The lectures are interesting though and the class is very interesting.
Prof. Comins is definitely a professor I'd take again. He knows the material and goes over it enough to actually teach it to you. He did not adapt to online well, but he tried and he'd apologize whenever there was an issue. His exams were super hard, but if you study and go to class they're way easier to pass. Homework was super easy.
Prof. Comins really seems like a nice guy, but that does not translate to teaching. His lectures are confusing at best and the prelim exams are difficult. The class average was always in the 50s or 60s. He does curve them which helps. Also, do the misconceptions. It's an additional letter grade for bonus points!
The material in the lectures was clear and always important. Start practicing your constellations ahead of time for the prelims (which are fairly straightforward and scaled). I learned so much!
Make sure you take the notes. I skipped class a lot assuming I could just copy my roommates notes. Don't do that. Take good notes because it makes studying 1,000 times easier!!
I found the class interesting, but when I had a problem with some of the test questions, he was very unhelpful. Over all its a good class and its not much work at all.
Really nice guy, but I have never been so bored in a class. Science isn't really my thing though.
Very good teacher,grading system was not very clear but it all worked out in the end.
She never put a grade on any of our assignments, so I felt that the grading was kind of arbitrary. I highly disliked the class (Spanish Film), but as a professor she's not bad. Funny and sarcastic, but glared at anyone who came in late or left early or didn't do their assignments.
She's really nice and has interesting things to say--she's really easy to get off topic and into some random discussion. However I found the class fairly dry and way too monotonous. She could probably have done a lot more to make the class more fun.
Pogo is a funny guy. He is VERY liberal and just dont even get him started on politics. You get an auto A if you show up for the tests, which are easy as well. Maha, his wife and TA, will give you the answers, no need to study... Waste of money, but if you hate math and need to fulfill a requirement, this is the class for you!
Pogo is awesome! He is getting on in years and slowing down, but he's fun. Remember, it's just a turing machine ...
MAT 101 is a great class! I took it last semester and got an A. Attendance is optional, extra credit is given for showing up and for joining a study group, tests are open book/open note, and Pogo is a character. Pogo is very opinionated and he has a tendancy to mumble and to go off on tangents. I went to listen to him rant. It's a good time.
Oh, Pogo. He's such a nice guy, and I don't think people take the time to appreciate his lectures. He's brilliant. His tests are easy, but it's because he cares more about people listening to what he has to say. The TA is AWESOME, and pogo's assistant is the nicest woman you'll ever meet.
Great teacher, brillant man at one time, now he's just really old and deaf. Fun class, good stories. Sometimes he forgets and teaches the same material over and over two classes in a row. Sometimes stares and spaces out, talks like a madman...a cracked genius like Einstein. Cool class to take a nap
Great guy, extremely intelligent. Too bad he's going deaf and can't really hear the students anymore. He's very enthusiastic about math, but the class is too easy. You can skip every class, take the tests and get an A.
A great guy, cares about his students. Didn't understand any of the math but I went to every class to hear his stories about fighting--and the girl who thought her boyfriend was cheating. Take this class!!!!
A real cool guy. Class can get a little boring, though, and unfortunately most people skip. Tests are rather easy (open book).
Wow, I didn't think college could be THIS easy. Should he be teaching though?
Very interesting class. Word to Pogo!!
This guy cracks me up! Learned some really weird stuff!
craziest professor on campus
Dr. Klimis-Zacas is very knowledgable and cares about her students, but presented too much information in a short lecture and assigned huge amounts of reading. A very difficult and confusing class.
The online class was very easy, I loved being able to rewatch the lectures and found the assignments and tests very straightforward.
This woman is very knowledgeable on the subject of nutrition. If you need help she is glad to be there for you. She could leave the majority of her personal views at home. I don't need to know that if your not of Grecian decent that your an inferior human race! Overall i'd give her a B+.
I thought the class was pretty easy. She is very laud and I didn't like her voice much, kinda annoying. But the class was pretty interesting. At least for me.
I found the class fairly easy. For the test just go to the lib. and get the test on hold and then go to the review session and your get an A, no problem!
this class has been one of the MOST BORING classes I have EVER had. Cant understand a word she is saying because of her accent. Says "this is so interesting" about everything, but she's wrong. Nutrition class turned into an anatomy class.
Tends to grade easy on labs but hard to understand because she is greek. Will curve tests!!!
Pretty good for a science class
Lectures are weird as she has many strange examples in classes like playing Barney clips, however she has a different and unique approach that is not always done. It's a nice change.
She is a terrible person and does not care about the well being of her students, she makes threats and attacks them for being kids. I would never recommend her to anyone looking to learn about Human Sexuality or Family.
The classes are super easy, but the professor can be really rude. If you can live through some of her questionable comments, it's a class worth taking.
Sandy's classes are interesting, she has guest speaker's come to class regularly so it is not just lecture after lecture. She offers so much extra credit that it is pretty much impossible to flunk her class.
Biased, stubborn, and absurdly close-minded.
Easy easy easy... so much extra credit. Easy A.
Class is super easy but Sandy Caron is very inappropriate and single-minded. Basically everything she teaches is opinionated and her opinion is the only right one. If you?re looking for an easy A then take her class. If you?re looking to learn something, and not fall asleep half the time, then don?t take anything she teaches.
This class is an easy A. However,if you disagree on what she has to say or see things fro a different perspective be prepared to get verbal whip-lash when addressing her in person. She is tactless and rash when dealing with students hence her entourage of TA's.
Oh my god, so boring. This class was interesting at the beginning of the year but everything she teaches you is already known information. Her reviews for exams are a joke. She doesn't help you, her TAs do. This class is awful. Besides the exams, its a breeze. But I'm warning you, its a snore.. times ten.
I heard great things about sandy caron before taking her class, but I wasn't impressed one bit. It seems like all she cares about is making the class laugh at cheap jokes. I also expected to learn something interesting in a class like human sexuality, but it seemed like more of a liberal propaganda class than anything else which i already agre with
Classes are interesting, but when asking for help for something in person, didn't really seem to care. Was kind off off doing her own thing
Overall more of a circus act than a college course. Highlights include her dressing up as Queen Victoria while giving a poor speech, her first test which was thoroughly convoluted with questions about Dr. Phil, Kermit the frog, and miss Piggy. Frustrating, attendance isn't mandatory but counts for 10% of your grade (i.e. it's mandatory. Easy.
not a bad class. pretty interesting, kind of gross at times. shes funny. really easy. I recommend.
She is definitely a great teacher but such a snob outside of class. She made me feel like I was insignificant and not worth her time.
She's awesome in class, but don't tlak to her outside of class because she is a different person
she is just out to make money, charges for power points, charges for pencils, her web site chages for e-mail. The FC folder is full of ads, and only she has send access. All questions are supposed to be directed to one of 5 TA's.
Very easy internet course. Professor is horribly biased and presents only one side (her side) of all pertinent issues. Unwilling to even aknowledge opinions that differ from hers. Lemmings are rewarded.
Topics were interesting, but what she says is law and if she doesn't like it, you're ****ed. You can easily pass with an A or B if you just read the book.
Online course was awful, she sounded bored in her narrations,TA grades everythin
He is very helpful, but sarcastic so it makes you not even want to ask questions. He does have appointments to talk and help you with the next assignment. You should definitely take advantage of that. He is a very tough grader, so you will have to work for a good grade. The grading consists of weekly quizzes, 4 papers, and in-class assignments.
He can be a bit rude from time to time, and can sometimes make an a** of himself. He does give good feedback on papers, but he is a tough grader. He requires a lot of work to be put up into a final draft and it can become real tedious, real fast. Despite the good feedback, I don't think I would take another one of his courses.
I would not recommend him. He told me I had a great paper but since I did not completely destroy and change it It was a C at best. He finds rewriting and revising to be more important than the content or anything else in the papers. Not an understanding professor. He lectures AT his class, not TO his class.
Dr. Levine is a character to say the least. his work mainly is based off of papers that you write. he grades the papers you write heavily and hard. You really need to speak up in class, be apart of the discussion he grades on that, most people don't participate and their grades show it. he does give more credit to those that participate in class.
Taking any class with Dr. Leimer you will have to realize pretty quick that if you don't learn and memorize everything that he emphasized the most during class and maybe when talking to him after class. Sometimes paying attention to the small things you will lose the big picture of what he actually wants you to learn. Dr. Leimer is also the man.
This class is hard but if you work hard/study you'll be fine. I made an A in the class so they're possible. You have to put your mind to it and study. He is funny, can make you feel stupid and you'll be connfused at times. The rocks on midterm are just like the ones in the lab. People say they're different, but it is just because they didn't study.
Dr. Leimer is a great person I think. He is just to smart to be teaching us K-8 majors. He needs to stick with Geology majors. I dunno if I am gonna pass this class but he helps me everytime I ask a question and i think he is a very smart man...just stick with Geology!!
True, Dr. Leimer's class is hard. But he is also a nice man once you get to know him. You think you are doing bad the whole time you are in the class, but it doesn't turn out to be as bad as you thought once it is over. I heard that this class was a nightmare when I went in to it, but it wasn't as bad as I expected. Just work hard!
Leimer is well, Leimer. He is a great teacher and very funny in that really odd way. There is just way too much covered that is never practical in the world of most teachers...... or something like that...
Very intelligent man!! But he talks on a level out of the league with the students. Tests are HORRIBLE, the global enquirer is ridiculous and questions likely to be on the test. Who cares what tree is behind T.J. Farr or whose motto is "always wonde
This is a hard test but if you put forth an effort you will do just fine. He has to do a MAJOR curve at the end. I have made A's on my tests so far. Very nice guy too!
Dr. Leimer was not very clear when teaching but i did learn alot through the labs. He is a womderful prof when it comes to helping students.
His reading quizzes are the devil. Be prepared to know off the top of your head finite details of 20+ pages of hard reading material. If you love Brit Lit, take him. If not, run!
I've never seen a professor less interested in a subject. He seems like he doesn't want to be there. He gives quizzes almost every class, and most are easy. No final, just an analysis of a sonnet. He also does group projects, for which you get credit for just participating. If you want to learn literature, stay away. If you want an A, take him.
I took his Honors Colloquium on Sonnets. No exams. Just have to write a few sonnets and make some videos and presentations. Every assignment in that class is pass/fail. If you pass each assignment, you get an A. Simple. If you fail the first time, you can redo the assignment for reconsideration. If you're in Honors, take a colloquium if he teaches.
He gives reading assignments every night and quizzes every day over them. The quizzes are extremely picky so if you're not good with detail I wouldn't take him. No tests at all.. Over all if you read and get at least fours (out of 5) on each quiz and do good on the final project you should pass with an A. (also offers 4 quiz drops)
He likes to let students figure things out for themselves. Class was structured around creativity, sharing ideas, and criticism from other students. New poems were assigned and written every week followed by workshops with other students. Each week he assigned a new type of poem. Good class. Forces you to write and receive criticism.
This class requires a lot of analyzing; you must be able to read stories and poems on a deep level and for plot summary and themes. Mr. Saya starts each class period with a 5 question quiz (not so easy), and then the rest of the day is open discussion or group work (always fun). You don?t have to write any papers, however, your final for the class
He is a very unique person. It's hard to figure out what kind of person he really is and he over analyzes way too much. One would say that his quizzes every day are easy but you end up getting a lot of 4/5 which will add up and leave you with a low B if you don't watch. You have to read everything and just pray you remember whats on the quizzes.
im an A student and i dont think saya is as easy as everyone thinks..i worked my butt off in American LIt and made a high B and an A in british lit..attendance is MANDATORY..quizes everyday NO TESTS OR PAPERS..pretty nice guy though.
He grades pretty rough but he is an easy teacher. His class can be boring but he is a cool guy. He lets you out early since nobody wants to be in english for an hour and a half
Hanselman is a good professor. Grading can be harsh if you don't follow his presentation guidelines, and sometimes inconsistent. if you do all the homework, show up to every class, read the book, and get help when you need it, you'll do fine in this class. Tests can be a little tricky - do lots of practice problems from the book beforehand.
I took the Spring term class with Professor Hanselman and he likes to joke more than he does teach. I have a pretty good humor and only about 35% of his jokes were good. Honestly, if he spared the jokes we could have been done with the material for the class during the first month.
The class seemed pretty easy until the tests. Tests had at least two or three problems that were much harder than the homework and involved concept not covered in class. Oh, and in class quizzes sucked he only gives 5-10mins to do them.
Good teacher. Just do what he wants and your fine.
He acts as if he is approchable, yet when you ask him a question he often scoffs and treats you like you aren't qualified enough to be in his class.
He is an okay teacher. Giving pop quizzes all semester gets pretty old, though...
ver helpful if you do not understand and her is willing to get you extracredit points if you are struggling.
Really likes to draw stuff.
I don't know why people are complaining about Farthing. Out of all the PSY100 courses Farthing's is the easiest! You can pass the tests w/o reading as long as you attend all the lectures. I thought his PSY100 course was interesting and at times entertaining.
Professor Farthing knows all about psychology or at least he claims. Interesting material and classes went by fast. Tests very hard. He definitely tries to trip you up and give you two right answers. Although the quizzes definitely boosted my grade and I'm sure it helped others. He's not the worst teacher but I don't know if I would recommend him.
I made it through the entire semester without using the textbook. Farthing's class is very boring, though he has a very strange sense of humor that can be funny at times. He knows what he's talking about, but he's pretty devoid of emotion. His lectures can get boring to the point that you won't pay attention anymore and thus not learn anything.
He is very opinionated, and bias in some areas which can be offensive. However, overall he does as much as he can to prepare students for exams. Attendance helps very much in his classes and it takes work to get a good grade.
He's ok... nothing special. He's funny during class, but if you try to talk to him in private, he is condescending... very rude and mean. But if you stay away from him and just go to the lectures then he's fine. His tests aren't too bad, after the first one, you start to get the hang of his wording so that makes it easier.
BORING CLASS! Farthing is funny every once in a while. as long as you show up and take good notes, the tests are easy to study for. He comes off kind of arrogant.
interesting class... but makes it boring. easy to fall asleep.
In general, he's an intelligent and well spoken- guy who knows a lot about the subject and teaches it well. However, he's always late, and the pace of class is a little too slow. Sometimes he comes in and starts teaching material hes already taught, which definitely doesnt help the bore factor.
he might come dry, but he seems to have a dry sense of humor anyway, which I enjoyed. if you want a professor that will jump through hoops to amuse and assist you, avoid him. but if you want to be challenged to learn, he is a good professor.
Good professor, really hard tests. His clothes never match. Nice guy.
Tough but fair--work hard and you'll do fine. Ok guy, just no social skills
You have to work to do well. He can be obnoxious, pompous and anal - but fair
Don't wear strong perfume or after-shave - he'll make you leave the class
Pompous and anally-retentive
The class could be boring and was hard, but he's a good professor.
He's tough, but fair. You will have to study a lot to get a reasonable grade.
Good teacher, but he is difficult.
This professor uses the topic of sex way to much. It leaves for awkward class discussions. If you want to get an uncomfortable, easy A then go for it.
runs the class well, understands why most of the students are there
I had a terrible time taking notes for this class. It wasnt a bad class, I guess I just need more structure than he offers.
The best thing about Mr. Wilson is he doesn't care about graded material, more about your class discussion. I asked for extra credit and he gave it to me. You have to be responsible and read the material before class, he doesn't assign page numbers. Tests are online so you can use google to find most answers.
Class discussions and speakers were very interesting, although when it came time for the "quizzes" the questions seemed to be from out of no where. I don't know if I would take this class again if I had the option.
Lectures are okay. "Quizzes" can be a little tough, but you can use book and notes b/c it is online. Guest lecturers most entertaining of the lectures. Don't really take any notes in class. Everything is online on WebCT. Not a fan of the class, but pretty easy.
The was the easiest class I have ever taken. I don't really see the point of it, but if you want an 'A' to boost your GPA...this is the class!!!!
the teacher is alright, its an ok class to take.
I don't like the way he speaks, he stops in the middle of sentences like a bad politician, other than that he's fine.
a rather boring class. we went over everything about writing, starting with the most basic--appropriate use of a semicolon. If you have prior knowledge of the english language, you may find yourself oddly offended by the class.
If the class is online, it can be hard to get a hold of him.
Gotta love a professor who makes you sing in class
Dry humor and keen wit. You'll learn a lot if you listen.
Lectures are hard to follow since he writes lots formulas on the board. doesnt use examples. Homework requires you to think a little more than what he gives in lecture. Lab is useless but generally easy depending on your TA. Tests are easy calculation wise but make sure you understand the concepts quote for quote or else you will lose points.
Bernhardt is an interesting professor. I thoroughly enjoyed his lectures because not only are they helpful and relevant to the tests but also very entertaining. However, he can be very confusing. He can write a whole bunch of formulas on the board and you neither have time to understand them nor write them down. Attend all recitations.
Best physics teacher Ive had so far
Good professor who wrote his own (cheap) textbook. Super smart and very helpful but be prepared for no partial credit.
A really nice guy. Mainly teaches with examples.
Dr. Malmude was a great professor! He keeps the lectures interesting by adding modern terms into the historical aspects to the class. He is a fairly easy grader and doesn't always stick to a deadline
I love Dr. Gilson, one of the nicest people I have ever met. He really cares about his students. The classes however, are not always productive and you can waste a lot of time. The material he chooses isn't the greatest, but he is.
Nice man. Expectations are not clear- his excuse - you need to learn to handle
Dr. Grams is an interesting one. He's ancient and still has a typewritter typed syllabus for his class. It's a good indication that he is very stuck in his old ways. I think at every class there was only about 6-7 people that showed up out of 15. He kinda just rambles but he'll let you out early which is nice. If you have other stuff to do, do it.
Super strict. He wanted our email assignments emailed to him, I didn't know so I printed it. Was totally disrespectful and threatened to give me a 0 on the assignment. He's a decent teacher but he takes some patience. He's really nice outside of class but plays dictator inside of class
All the work is online. It teaches you how to do the problems and it has examples. It will even do the problem step by step, so we don't really need Mr. Foley. If you need help he will help you. He does try to teach us but we never really pay attention
If ur not a Jock, don't expect him to know your name
The class itself is just a lot of reading and taking notes in order to have a good grade on the exam. Most exam's he rounds them up. Only downside of the exams, are the way he words his questions. It is very confusing, just be aware. Better than Alma for sure!
The tests are all true/false type of questions, which are very confusing. Also, the professor didn't really provide us with video lectures, we had to basically learn everything on our own. The research paper, and other assignments were fairly easy, so make sure to do good on those. I didn't know anything about PS but I got an A cause I worked hard.
He's not a bad professor. He just has his own idea on what the right answer is, and everything else is wrong. Poli-Sci is a social science though, there's almost never a right answer, and certainly never just one right answer. I guess I just expected him to encourage us to formulate our own conclusions rather than just parrot his.
He is very passionate about his subject, which makes the class extremely hard. The tests are very long and the assignments you have awhile to do but they are tedious and he is a hard grader. He is friendly and kind, just made me hate the subject, when in actuality I do not.
Would not recommend this class online for these reasons: 1) Absolutely no late work allowed. 2) Tests can be 100 questions and they are confusing. You can not go back to any of the previous questions once you have skipped to the next. 3)Few assignments all worth no less than 50 pnts. +Having trouble with deadlines and he did not seem to understand
Very nice teacher, tons of extra credit, group projects, gives a lot of homework, is really funny and informative. I found this subject very boring and had no motivation to go to class. Should have failed but he let me slide with a D.
I dont know what it is exactly but im so sexually attracted to this guy that it makes it hard to concentrate. ahahahaaa.
DON'T TAKE HIS ONLINE CLASS. I've taken about 10 online classes. His class by far is the most ridiculous. His instructions on doing assignments are overwhelming.
ONLINE poli sci 102. Great teacher, highly recommend. 1000 points even, 900+ A, 800+ B etc. All assignments not too hard, could be a little clearer on the assignment requirements though. Ended up getting an A when I thought I would have gotten a B. Grades the final paper very easy. Does what he can to give you the benefit of the doubt.
He's cool his class is fun but he manipulates people and tries to get you to think how he thinks and doesnt let you argue agaisnt his point of view. Hes nice but he shouldnt be teaching political science if he is going to insist on brainwashing people.
so-so teacher, nice guy, easy class
There is no way you can't get an A in his class if you just memorize the materials which are very easy. He makes politics fun. I learned so much in his class just by taking his class over the summer. I recommend him. He's great.
I don't think he was hot at all. He's bald, has a fat nose and is cocky as hell! Big turn off!
Easiest class during my time in college so far! Very funny and lenient on tardiness. He give the test questions and answers. All memorization!
She doesn't get back to you when you email her, she's a super strict grader.
She's an amazing prof. If you have a pretty strong background in Spanish grammer, come to class & participate, do the assignmets, and study a little for the tests it's a pretty easy A. Just ask her for help and she'll give it to you. Highly recommend! (But watch out for accents. She'll take off 1/2 credit, so learn them!)
Really funny. Gets distracted easily by people talking/sleeping. Once distracted it takes awhile for him to get back on track. Goes off on tangents. Tests aren't that hard if you study (multiple choice, 1 essay, map). The TA was awesome too!
BORING! Holy crap talk about boring. I love history and this was horrid, I'd rather be tortured with wet towels..
He is only liked by those with a true appreciation and interest in history. I learned a lot from him and found him fascinating. If you only take his classes as electives with little or no interest, you probably won't care for him.
Dry lectures, but he has a good nature and knows a lot...
Tends to be a little dry in lectures, knowledgable, encourages questions.
funny sometimes, but ...
Had this teacher for a 300 level and 100 level. Taught tough in both but is now retired! Good teacher unfortunately lost to more cuts at umaine
I have mixed feelings about Grab. He's kind of a jerk but he tells you what he expects up front and reminds you throughout the course. He grades too hard for a 100 level class and he grades on his opinion, not the content and how well you wrote about what he asked for.
Expects far too much for course level. Makes the mistake of trying to learn students' names in a large class. Hard grader/seems unsympathetic to struggling students. Alienates some students by assuming they are naive and indifferent. Tells fun jokes & stories on occasion. Sexy accent.
Go to every class, study until you pass out, and still get a bad grade. He's a tough grader, expects you to know every detail about everything and will call you to his office to tell you you're stupid if you don't. Lectures are hard to follow which makes notes hard to take, also hard to understand sometimes because of the accent.
A good prof. but he is a VERY hard grader. I passed in a paper that would have been an easy A and he gave me a D. I've never revieved a D! So, yeah, I'm going to appeal my grades. Aside from that, he's a good teacher. Fun, witty, a little dry at times, with an interesting accent and background.
Funny and nice, but def. is ultra biased in his teaching
treats us as we know nothing...Very stereotypical about the USA
Not very open minded. Difficult to "learn" from.
He is an ok teacher...Sometimes talks to you like he has better things to be doing..He doesnt really help out when you need him to..He knows what he is talking about, but its hard to pick up(sometimes)..Over all he is an ok teacher!Thanks Bob!
He's frightening, but his course isn't too hard. I don't think i've really learned anything but i'm still getting an A right now. He makes bad jokes and will hassle people into answering questions in class. It's not the best, but it could be worse.
Canceled class for the Umaine BC game in the frozen four. that was awesome
Very, Very easy class. Teacher is okay, but sometimes makes concepts harder to understand than it really needs to be.
Ok teacher... doesn't know his stuff that well, and he lost our tests!! But he's cool.
He is pretty confusing so take BUA 335 first and you will understand the material even if he doesn't explain it the best. His labs are wordy and often confusing as well.
Most annoying voice in America dont have to go to class easy grades just so boring, will wear his rain/snow boots all year
very clear, his course requires knoweldge of windows that a chimp could learn
He makes himself laugh more than anyone else, but knows his stuff.
pay attention and go to class. A
Hey, shuman was kind of funny!
Easy class, and it is usefull after college.
Good professor to take a required class with...definitely one of the better professors to take the class with...be aware though, you'll write a lot...4 papers, an essay midterm and essay final...
Good professor overall. Lectures can be boring. All writing in this class for a grade. Topics for papers not really easy to write about nor are they popular subjects. Focuses a lot on the "other side" of things. Easy class if you are good a
he skips over every important part in history and wastes time on dumb stuff.
It was an interesting class, and for the most part, I found his lectures entertaining. However, he rarely has outlines for his lectures and due to this, he tends to bounce around topics very quickly and can be hard to follow. This makes notetaking in his class pretty hard. Read the books for the essays and try to incorporate info from the lecture
Fine prof
Show up to class do the exercises with the camera on, and turn in all the reflections and keywords and you're good. Reflections only had to be like 2 or 3 sentences. You can make up work if you miss class, but don't make it a habit.
She is very passionate about yoga and I am not so I think thats where it got a little mixed up. She is really focused on her practice that she does not fully explain what to do. You have to do it while shes doing it so you dont actually do it right. Shes alright. An easy A if you just show up
She's wildly mediocre
She was ok I guess but it could had been better
The guy is a battle axe
Online course, long lectures. Tests were over small specific things, not the big picture.
Hands down, the worst prof I've encountered at UMO.I had to keep correcting him b/c his info in certain areas was totally outdated, in some cases bordering on the offensive.His tests were a sham, and the group cooking assignment was a nightmare. When I see him on campus I run screaming the other way
I didn't think he was as bad as people make him out to be.
Very smart teacher...that's all he's got going for him. Cannot convey his ideas and thoughts very well and doesn't provide much assistance in what to expect on exams. Excepts everyone to be able to write a clear and clean program on a exam.
poor teaching techniques, book was a waste of money. . i withdrew from the class
Don't fall behind!! It can be a little dry at times.
I hardly learned anything in the class, but he was good when asked for help
Numerous typos in his notes and on the final caused me a lot of frustration. If someone asked about a hw problem, he'd sometimes do too much of it so we didn't always have the chance to figure it out on our own. He helped make the material interesting, though.
Wow...tough teacher, but once you get it, you GET IT.
Way too much work for a 3 credit class. Its pointless work as well. The only way to get through the class is to work on all the book docs throughout the whole semester. Its awful if you wait. She is nice and helpful, but a little out there. Its a required class for education so just keep up with the work!
I felt that the limitations put on the student's work and the attention to details was a little overboard but the class gives you a good reference tool.Jane is a talented lecturer it is easy to listen to her for the long hours that we put in.
She does know her stuff but had it in for me from the beginning. Is quick to judge people and make you feel like you don't belong in her class.
This class involved so much work it was to the point of ridiculous, it was difficult to learn the material because the focus became, how fast can I get this done because I have so much more to do Also, W.L. did not clearly answer questions when asked.
If this is a special interest class, it will probably be more exciting for you than it was for me. Townsend tries his best to spice up his lectures with his own stories and jokes, but you need to actively do something in the class if you don't want to fall asleep. But the bonus points from the hw is super and he scales his tests!
This guy knows his stuff, however if you aren't interested in knowing it as well, this class is a drag. The lectures are long and boring and he goes way too fast to keep up. But on the bright side he practically hands out bonus points, and scales the tests, so it's not too hard to do well in there.
pretty easy given the extra credits but it can be really tedious and boring if you're not into ocean science...was expecting interesting stuff about the fish and got water tables and tides instead. still good professor, very passionate about the subject
Lecture sometimes boring, but can be funny, whether he tries or not.
Very intelligent man. He knows what he's talking about, but he's dry and arrogant. He requires every one to buy and read the book he wrote, which is complete rubbish. The material is dry and it's hard to stay awake in class. I regretted taking the course.
easy, if you can stay awake through lecture, don't read he'll recite it to you
grilled cheese sandweiss is all i can say
Lectures straight from text
interesting class
I was one of the best writers in my high school honors classes.... Then I took Alan's class and I immediately lost confidence. He's a tough grader, and you have to know exactly what he's looking for in your essays, otherwise you're screwed.
good guy, pretty interesting class
Very boring classes about Jack the Ripper and thesis papers that were impossible. He wasn't so bad, just give him what he wants for the papers and you'll do well. I suck at english and i got a B+ by doing it!
AGHHHHHHHHH not worth going to class, learned nothing, terrible grader!
If you aren't writing fantasy, he ain't interested
Nice guy, kept class fun. But a hard grader, I lost my 4.0 in this class.
I wasn't really impressed with him in the end. Grading seemed kind of random. What prof gives you a number grade for "class participation"? If you're JLS (or SPA in general) you've probably taken this class before with a different name. Not the worst prof I've had at AU, but I've had better too.
good professor, a lot of info to memorize but hearing his current cases are fun
Paul was a good instructor for CMJ 211. He sometimes was unclear about a few things, but overall I learned a lot from him which is hard to say about many faculty members. He always gave good feedback but was slow at grading. He was a very, very nice guy and was always willing to help. His dry humor is the best. A very interesting man.
Poor Grosswiler, he seemed to try so hard, but things just never worked out for him. he's a very kind and compassionate teacher. lectures were boring, but the content was good, if you like HISTORY. he's a good professor, who is oddly misunderstood. give grosswiler a chance!
He was great
Class is boring, exams are hard. He tries to make jokes but they aren't that funny to anyone else but him.
Good Guy...confusing lecture outlines, moves at a fast pace...interesting subject matter...team jeopardy was confusing and disorganized
Class is easy if you take the notes, but he is usually REALLY boring. Made the class more political than it needed to be.
Be prepared to take really quick notes if you don't keep up on the reading!
confusing little hippy, i must say,... but death to mbna
just say you hate Coke and MBNA and he will love you!
A little close-minded. Weekly analysis short papers on the lectures and three 5-8 page papers. Tough grader; use multiple books with strong writing making lots of connections. Given one revision per big paper.
She wasn't enthusiastic at all about the material we covered.
Seemed kind of clueless the whole class
This class was very lecture heavy and they were extremely boring. Very monotone and very hard to pay attention too. I used this class as a study hall for my other classes. He provides study guides for the tests which make up a majority of your grade. If you review those before there's a good chance you'll do well on the exams.
PSY 100 was a very typical college class. If you go to class, it was extra credit. The lectures tell you everything you need to know for the exams, so go. You will have weekly online quizzes, you can get an A on all of them if you try (it's open book). Professor Robbins was funny and told stories, so you didn't fall asleep too fast.
really nice guy but tends to drown on about nothing and when you ask a question its hard to get the answer out of him.. was really interested in this class but he made it hard to stay interested
HARD class. I recommend that you take it after having quite a few psychology classes. Cannot slack off in this class. P.S. - do the extra credit.
DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU GET DROWSY EASILY! Such a boring class!!! This guy goes til the very last minute too. Don't expect to ever get out early. Goes off on tangents a lot and you have no idea what the hell he's talking about. Worst psych class I've taken.
Wow is this class a snoozer. This guy uses up every last second of class too. The material is so boring and I honestly don't see how some of it is relevant to life in 2005. BORING.
repeats himself a lot...
ZZZZzzzz
She assigned a ton of reading, none which was on the exam - except what was in her notes. Only 50 minutes to answer tests multiple choice, short answer, an essay, and a work-problem so not much time except to spit out what you know fast. Take good notes, listen carefully to what she says to do, and you'll do OK. Overall it was an interesting class.
Agreeing with most other comments made, she definitely does not like teaching first years. Being an older student, I picked up on that quickly. Rude to some students, but only because they mouthed off to her. Biggest issue is that she never gave the time to go back on her slides, we were supposed to "listen," where I like taking class notes anyway.
Interesting, nice anecdotes, hard tests, but scales generously.
Baycka was the most conceited teacher I met at UM. She liked only her phenomenal piano students. After attending a mandatory piano class, she berated me so much I wouldn't play for a month. Her words, "She shouldn't even be playing..." In the long run, I'm glad I didn't listen.
Marie is very knowledgeable, which can be intimidating at times. She's very nice and tries to keep the students from becoming overwhelmed with their 20 page thesis, while still letting them know that its a lot of work.
Very enthusiastic about what she teaches and very willing to explain things if you have questions. Organization is a little bit scattered, but if you stop to ask a few questions, things become clear. Tests are challenging, but not unreasonable.
I have had several classes with Marie, she really is brilliant but often can be scatterbrained also she expects more out of you than many other teachers but if you try she will help you and you will get a good grade. Good professor if you are willing to work and want to learn.
Really knows her stuff. Is very interesting to listen to, but can be unclear. Somewhat disorganized when it comes to test material. A fair grader. Know psychological studies to use as examples on tests.
The class was hard and very fast paced but she was always willing to answer questions and seemed to genuinely care about us and our progress in the class.
Had her for a few courses, she loads on the reading including this Borstien book that is written terribly. But she does cut back the reading as her courses go on and she tries hard to go over questions re. exams. Shes an OK Professor.
She is very funny and entertaining, but she is kinda an airhead
Scatter-brained, forgetful
Smart guy (smarter than most of the PHDs in the dept). Took his class and did okay. Really hard. Can be a prick, but he knows his****.
Poor text. fairly difficult material, moves fairly quickly in class.
he's the reason i switched to ece
Good teacher, but condescending 1 on 1. Great resource though.
Helpful ONLY if you are a prospective veterinary student. Useless if you are not. He is a good instructor though.
Nice guy, cares how his students do, but it is a difficult class.
Absolutely excellent. Very understanding and interested in helping students succeed.
Professor Evans was incredibly intelligent and it was obvious that he was very prepared. I feel that I learned a lot about film from his class, and the content was really fun. My issue with him is that he calls on many students to speak every single lecture. With social anxiety it's a nightmare and made me really dread going to class.
Pretentious and fond of forcing participating to create an artificial dialogue. Not a terrible professor, but an obnoxious one.
Tough SOB. He likes to play favorites so you better get on his good side. Very opinionated and doesn't like it if you don't agree with him.
i think as long as you write at least one or two freeform responses and come to class, you're pretty much guaranteed an A. he'll talk for most of the preceptorial and initiates very philosophical discussions. take him if you can!
Easiest honors teacher in the department, I didn't learn a whole lot from the curriculum, but we got into some deep philosophical discussions. I love that he doesn't believe in grades. It really helped balance the pressure of my other classes. =)
Awesome teacher. Offers more than just what's in the book. Enjoyed it when our class called him T-Brinks.
focuses on few stanzas instead of complete work;Allows creative interpretations
Challenging, but open-minded. Creative teaching style.
He is kind of hard to understand and likes to repeat himself. He is obsessed with Einstein and saying "right click button of the mouse" and "watch the instructor". He likes to ramble on about irrelevant information like DNA testing. He is a good teacher overall and csc124 is pretty easy
Fun professor....definitely an interesting guy. You gotta love the examples he gives about stuff...Like a Watermelon, airplane, screwdriver, typewriter, ketchup...absolutely love that stuff. Keep up the good work, much more fun than my other classes for sure.
"R1, Einsteiiin. " I will never forget this man. He made me understand things that I never thought we would go into. Sure I've forgotten them, but I got alot of A's and felt smart. Miss this guy. The accidental**** showings on the projector were great too!
A little hard to understand, but show up for class and you will do well.
get blue chicken throw chicken in the river...Das cracks me up
To the d00d3r who rated right below me - You are rating the wrong professor. This Professor Miller got p1553d when they discontinued a class that he helped developed. He took this as his opportunity to retire back in 2004.
He is hard to follow and classes are very boring but he is the nicest guy!!! He has a good heart and will help you out grade wise if you just act interested and ask for help if you need.
Not very clear on his assignments... reads straight from the powerpoints... Do the work and you'll be fine.
not bad if you like programing
I had Dr. Mitchell for Linear Algebra, and he is a good professor, knows his stuff. The only complaint I have about him are his tests, they are ridiculous. Every question is a complicated proof, very time consuming, so you really need to know the material extremely well, I cant emphasis that enough.
For math class he did a good job keeping it entertaining. I love the ducktape on the belt. handy mans secret weapon.
Pretty interesting guy. Easy to get distracted. Lost some interest during the middle of the semester but who doesn't with math. Any teacher who gives multiple choice on the final is a good teacher in my book.
mitchel is funny, but he is one of those teachers you can distract into a weird story or joke. he can aslo breeze through things, YOU HAVE TO ASK QUESTIONS! other than that he is good I like him, but if you can find an easier teacher, good luck
why ever not....Need I say more?
Overall it was somewhat of an easy class. When he gives lectures you cant understand a thing he says, although he is very funny at points. He is an easy grader, but you pretty much have to read the text book and teach yourself. The final is the easiest part of this class.
As long as you show up to class, do your essays that are assigned on Plato and look over notes before class, you should be fine. I highly recommend taking notes on your own time, and just listen during class. Also, the day an essay is due, youll most likely have a pop quiz. Tests are a little on the harder side, but not impossible.
Dr. Fontaine is a great teacher. He posts power points and key terms on plato every week to follow during lecture. His exams are multiple choice. He advises that you go to the SI (supplemental instruction) every week to gather those materials. The woman in charge of that is great as well. She hands out chapter packets that really help for exams.
Fontaine makes it very clear what you will be tested on if you visit Plato everyday and print the Key Terms list. There is also an optional Supplemental Instruction to attend once a week for an hour where you get Chapter worksheets and answers. As long as you read your notes before class, always attend & give effort a B is manageable.
He is a tough grader but not impossible. You write alot of essays but they are only 250 words. He gives you what to study for the exams and if you do the readings the pop quizzes are easy. Wiley plus helps alot. He lectures with the light off so drink your caffein or take this class when you are most likely going to stay awake. I enjoyed this class
Very knowledgable about the subject matter with good real life examples. All lecture with little homework. Tends to ramble a bit but was over all a decent class.
Not too terrible. The class is most definitely passable. He does make you use your textbook a lot. The supplemental instructions help out tremendously.. I would consider going!
very nice man. tells interesting stories during class, but most things are entirely self taught. tests are passable, but you have to work hard for your grade. dont take him if you are looking for an easy a.
I really enjoy this class, i work hard for my grade and attend SI for work sheets. Everything on the objectives paper is on the test. If you know all the answers (27 questions) you have an easy A-B in this class. If you dont like lecture or working on your own for answers this really isnt the best class for you. BUT he will always help if asked.
Pretty good teacher, but rambles on and you lose focus. Test based course. He gives you objectives and if you write down the answers and study them before test you get an easy A. Did I mention he gives 5% on overall grade if ou miss 2 days or less?(:
just do all the reading and answer all questions on his review sheets and youll be just fine :)
awesome I have had him for several classes while I was working on my Psychology minor. Now I am working on a soc minor and I sought out his classes. To do well in his class YOU HAVE TO DO THE WORK. This is college people so expect to be accountable for your grade.
He knows his stuff and is very enthusiastic about it. If you're lazy and don't like to do work, don't take him because his learning objectives are key to getting a good grade on the test. I would also suggest "supplimental instruction" for some extra clarity on the material. Sit in the front because he talks rather quiet and fast.
he's a really good teacher, he's just really quiet so pick a seat really close to the front of the room or you're not going to be able to hear anything.
Many people dislike him, but I honestly learned alot from him. However, in order to get good grades on the tests, you must read the book and undestand his objectives. You cant just go to class and expect his lectures to relate to the exams.
Fontaine's lectures are very interesting, although they don't help you with the tests. You MUST read the textbook or you will fail the tests. Tests are hard. You get a list of like 30 essay questions a few weeks before the test. Then he picks 3 for the test, and you must answer at least 2. Hard questions, he wants you to make them long. He's Good
VERY hard teacher. Hiss class is very interesting I he trys to be as helpfull as possible but he makes things much more difficult then they have to be. He gives you a list of learning objectives whicha re to be answered in essay form, but they are sooo difficult to understand. You will need your book A LOT in this class!
Dude is giving you EXACTLY what you need to know on each test. If you can answer the questions on the objectives sheets, you can pass tests easily. You don't even need to take lecture notes. The book is interesting and an easy read. There is no reason why anyone can't pass this class.
He is a very good teacher and his classes and tests aren't hard.
A for the year!
Do the work, you get an A.
after 7 semesters i can say he's one of the better comp sci profs.
Prof doesn't cover all material for exams and continues to go over material already covered.
Accounting is boring to begin with, and Landers doesn't make it any easier. Its hard to stay awake in his 11 AM class. He holds you late everyday, this wouldn't happen if he wouldn't pause for 5-10 seconds after every sentence. Just keep it moving and lets get outta there!
I don't recommend him at all!!!! He is very hard and very boring. He tends to favor certain students!!!! Don't let the open book tests fool you!!! THEY ARE HARD!!!
Has the tendency to be a bit boring. He is pretty helpful if you don't understand something. He has a sense of humor, you just have to be able to stay awake so you don't miss it. Sometimes that is hard to do!!
boring
He's a nice and reasonable guy. He spends most of the lecture ranting and cracking jokes, and this can be fun but for most people it tends to get old really fast. It's hard to get an A but fairly easy to get a B.
Easily distracted and prone to tangents but got more focused after students asked him to. Very helpful when asked for help outside class and seemed genuinely interested in helping students succeed, though he joked he wasn't. As long as you actually GO TO CLASS then you'll do well. And read the book for understanding. I barely studied and got an A.
This class is not that hard, but its not an easy A. YOu can get an A by going to class and reading the study guide nd the book, but who wants to do that for a intro geography class. He can be hard to reach because he only teaches one class on campus. The exams are multiple choice. The lectures are powerpoint presentations and he can be annoying.
human geography~ i regret taking this class. It's not that I don't like the teacher.. the class is so boring.. i always fall alseep and unless you need the class chose another culture class..
he helped me remember stuff
Absolutely no interest or respect for the subject matter. Knows nothing but the textbook about it (very poorly written, do not expect to be examining any primary sources or religious writing. It reads like an elementary history book.) Intentionally vague in his questions, supports a blanket rejection of Asian thought.
He comes across as standoffish, though he is a really nice guy. He doesn't dismiss dissenting opinions, he encourages people to question what he has said. He does however dismiss opinions that aren't well thought out or are unreasonable. The class is relatively boring, but will not take up much of your time. Easy A.
Don't be put off by all the bad ratings. I'd bet most of these are religious people and it is true that Mr. Templeton is a staunch atheist. Religion is a touchy hot button and will make it so a fair rating is impossible. Not hard material at all. If you can forget your way of thinking you may be able to learn something.
Either you will love his class or hate it. I found the class interesting but had to work at a higher level than for my other courses. If you study, learn the material, and go to class, you will do fine. If you are someone who believes in religion or god(s) beware however that he is an athiest and likes to denounce religion, which is awsome to watch
He's one of those pretentious atheist philisophy professors that doesn't let you argue with him. Either you need to be an atheist skeptic **** like him or else you fail. I AM an atheist skeptical **** so I got an A ;). I felt bad for those kids that disagreed with him though. Luckily his false arugment class was analytical. Anything abstract I would probably hate the guy. No room to argue. His way or the high way.
Bottom Line: He knows his stuff and expects you to study & do the same. If you are religious it can be a challenging course that will either enhance or destroy your beliefs. Overall I learned a lot but this is not an easy class. In class he can be VERY condescending. Outside of class, he's great.
I hated this class and the teacher. He was very unhelpful and made it uncomfortable to ask questions. Tests were difficult and it was hard to learn from your mistakes as he doesn't let you keep graded quizzes.
very interesting class, everything was out of the book, he clarifis everything!!
lab report...
I was surprised none of the previous comments mentioned how foul of an attitude this teacher has. I have been a student at UMBC for three years, over the course of being here I have never had a teacher who was as condescending and bitter as this.She definetly projects a nasty and negative energy in lecture hall.be prepared to feel the harsh vibes.
No...No...she isn't super cool and knowledgable...she is super duper cool you ****ing idiot!
Overall is a good teacher, however, she spent too much time to go over unimportant administrative stuff at the beginning of each lecture.
No problem
Ben is a really nice guy, and you can tell he's passionate about what he teaches. However, it's difficult to understand his expectations at first, and if you don't understand how he cater towards what he wants in an assignment, it's very difficult to do well. You don't need to buy the books, most of the poems can be found online.
Ben is incredibly soft-spoken and quiet. At times, this makes it difficult to hear what he says. However, he's very kind and willing to help so don't be afraid to ask him to repeat something. He's also incredibly funny in an awkward, nerdy way. Lectures are very enthusiastic and you can tell he's passionate about teaching. Very disorganized, though
Good guy with a high interest in English studies.
Definitely an acquired taste. He can come across as scatterbrained, but he is very passionate about the material he is teaching. I took two classes with him and loved them. If you are passionate about the class, take it with him. If you just want to pass, his enthusiasm will probably irritate you.
Be careful when you're voicing your opinion in class. He either won't care, or will make fun of you for being wrong. He's very unclear with his grading, and even more unclear when it comes to what he wants on assignments. If you're offended easily, or aren't an extremely hard worker, don't take his class. Blech.
Really smart and had good explanations during lectures. Busy work to accompany reading=not good. Easy grader, and interesting reading assignment though.
takes poetry very seriously; isn't always open to/interested in your opinions
Comes off as mean to his students but if you go to his office hours, he is very willing to help. However, his classes are boring. He expects you to memorize the book and his exams are nothing like the homework assignments that were given. He gives pop quizzes and wants you to read the book before going to class. Take it with someone else.
Lots of whiners on here...class too hard...lots of work...blah blah blah.Let me tell you why it's this way - because the REAL WORLD is that way. People, nobody's gonna hold your hand when you get a real job. Stop complaining and do the work, and you, like me, may end up on the partnership path at a BIG 4 firm.
Attention all accounting majors - this guy is the only professor that teaches taxation. Prepare to kill yourself for an A. He is very helpful for those that ask for the extra attention. Even so, consider switching majors. This class will suck your soul and leave a bitter taste in your mouth. With that said, if you succeed, it's all downhill after
1 Quiz every week, 1 Test every 2 weeks. Test's aren't worded very well, multi-choice Q's kind of like the SAT's all over again. He is a huge DINK if to you if you get an answere wrong, if you havn't done the reading or are spacing out. HW is weak sauce takes a while to finish & is all online. Descent at explaining not a very likeable guy tho.
I learned alot from him and he taught very straight foward. Probably my best class this semester.
He is very hard but wont fail anyone unless you are truely dumb. He gives many chances to get above a C; with homework, EASY quizes, and extra credit.
Took "20th Century US History" spent almost half the semester talking about the 1888 World's Fair in Philadelphia because he was from there. Then glossed over WW2 in a class and a half. Pretty much just talked about what he wanted to with no regard to class content.
pompous beyond words. uses his own book and thinks it is amazing. talks in circles, it is almost impossible to pay attention. tests are hard. he asks about things he never really covered. don't take this class if you can avoid it.
I think it's required to have a level of maturity with him. If you're looking for a free ride, forget it. Do the work. If the students are willing to cooperate, you'll get a lot out of his class.
She is an ok professor. I took the class online and it is mainly based on your midterm and final grades. The exams are hard. She doesnt really explain anything, just gives reading per week about topics. you have 2 weekly assignments to do as well. class was not hard to get an A, but you definitely have to put in a lot of work that you didn't expect
I took Dr. Lapadula for abnormal psych online. I regret this decision. This is not because of the professor, it is because I do feel that it is important to be in school in an actual lecture for a psychology course. So please, if you are contemplating the decision, just take it in class. It will improve your grade, if you actually care to learn.
Class was definitely difficult. She doesn't like to use powerpoint- you have to take notes on what she says. I was interested in this class until I took it with her. She is willing to work with you though, and if you show up to class and raise your hand, she'll like you.
I took the class online, way too much work for a 101 class that has nothing to do with my major. The tests have stupid time restrictions and this teacher doesn't know how to use spell check or proof read her assignment instructions. Don't take this teacher for an online course.
kind of boring.. boring works.
Where do I even begin. This teacher is smart, really, he knows what he's talking about, but by golly you sure as hell won't at the end of the lecture. The man has paper thick skin when it comes to students, spent 20 mins of a class berating one poor sod. The TAs grading is all over the spectrum, and rather harsh for what's asked for in syllabus.
I took the History of Western European Civilization with him and I really enjoyed it. His lectures weren't always super organized but he would always answer questions. He was really funny and had a lot of knowledge and love for history. I would definitely take his class again. Just one tip though, don't talk or text in his class, he gets very angry
Nice guy, funny lectures. Tests weren't too hard as he gives out the complete test like 2 weeks before the test date and you just have to memorize the answers. Book not completely necessary but would definitely help if you want an A. You should probably go to most lectures because he can cover a lot in a day sometimes. Would recommend him though
Very left leaning, makes too many motions with his hands in class, definitely wants to let you know he is smarter then you in class...fair grader, but difficult...
Very able and intelligent but way too concerned with pushing his politics. Typical liberal brainwahing.
Gives credit for attendance, gives you a chance to redeem yourself after a failed exam, very understanding.
You can tell he is really smart and enjoys what he teaches. I found the subject boring but everyone else seemed to like it. He makes study guides for each test and sticks to them. He doesn't always take attendance but he tests over a lot of in class materials.
Really, incredibly boring. Class is easy though.
both this class and the 350 class were relatively easy. she has a tendency to do the math wrong in stats. she is an extremely honest, helpful, down to earth person, though at some times it seems as if the caffeine has quite the effect on her. not always clear in lectures, but more than happy to help you out
Although a complete scatter brain, pretty good professor otherwise. Always tried to make sure that everyone was on track... very helpful. No tests, just quizzes, which were easy if you had been attending class. Lengthy homeworks every two weeks.
Thoughtful and knowledgable professor.
Really knew her stuff in Healthcare Management. Class was fairly easy and well worth attending.
You have to attend class to get a decent grade. Classes went buy fairly fast due to the clasroom activites. She is a nice person but a fruit loop. If you can stand her crazyness then you should do find as long as you go to class. Tests were only 2 questions, both essay
ESCAPE!
I'm pretty sure he's not a lumberjack.. but still a pretty good prof.
left leaning, interesting speaker, recomend him
A good professor with a dry, yet pleasantly caustic, sense of humor. Expect lots of reading and written assignments.
I didn't learn anything from this class, it was terrible. Lectures are pointless, random, and very confusing.
Picks favorites- if he likes you, you'll do well. If he doesn't- you won't. Simple as that. If you're not a favorite you'll have to try much harder than the ones he does like to get a good grade in this class.
Knows his subject content but NOT clear with his expectations on assignments. Extremely tough grader...NEVER miss class.
If you are a slacker do not take this professor. He grades very hard. He is particularly picky on lesson plans. Dennis expects high quality work from his students. NEVER EVER MISS CLASS or you will lose points off of your final participation grade (35% of final grade) If you are willing to put in some hard work, you will learn a lot.
Not at all understanding in regards to absences, however legitimate they are. Sometimes can be overly critical. Classes are pretty dry. Overall, not very flexible with anything, in my experience. A few others, though, did seem to enjoy him. Hit or miss.
He makes students feel like they should know a ton of stuff you won't have learned. He's close-minded about political opinions differing from his own. I tried talking to him about some personal issues, but he had no time for me. He never shows that he actually cares for his students. The class isn't bad, but don't expect a friendly teacher.
Horrible grader.. he grades hard. He also enjoys scaring away his students from being education majors... He gives all the cons of teaching, but barely touches on the pros.
Good class with lots of creative freedom - but get ready to work!!!
Dr Barks was great, friendly. Her TA was hot!
Barkan clearly knows a lot about his field and wants to impart that knowledge in his class. However, his lectures can be extremely boring which makes it difficult to be as invested as you should-- however if you do your best to pay attention and DO NOT USE YOUR PHONE IN CLASS you should be fine.
Have insomnia? This class is the cure. Almost impossible to stay awake during class or listen. Super nice guy, clearly likes what he teaches and not too many assignments but if you are looking for interactive and captivating this is not the class for you.
Uses materials both from book and lectures so participation is really important. Sometimes tested on things that had not been covered properly and there for he usually also gives a pretty generous curve. Overall it is fairly easy to get a good score on exams as long as you do study.
Class was my lowest grade this semester! Its a 101 class but i had to write a 10 page paper and have a huge final the same week! very hard class
He teaches his own textbook, makes his tests far too complicated, and leaves you blind on your grade until its permeantly a bad one. dont take him by all means. boring lectures with mandatory lectures and he even uses substitutes for when hes not there.. is this dude serious?
His exams are sometimes more complicated than they need to be. Read the book cover to cover and take notes and you will get an A. He takes minute things out of the book and asks exam questions on them to ensure that you have read. Interesting class but he's more concerned on if you've read the book than if you understand the material.
Prof. Barkan wrote his own textbook. Lecture and exam material is mostly from the book. A lot of interesting material is covered. Mandatory attendance, but assigns an extra credit paper at the end of the semester that can add 4 points to your overall grade, assuming you did not miss more than 2 classes. Will scale exams a ton.
Prof. Barkan wrote his own textbook. Lecture and exam material is mostly from the book. As a non-sociology major I found this class very interesting and learned a lot. Mandatory attendance, but assigns an extra credit paper at the end of the semester that can add 4 points to your overall grade, assuming you did not miss more than 2 classes.
Professor Donahue knows a "lot" of facts about industry and how things are run. He's very good at teaching and knows more Minitab apps than he'll ever be able to teach in a semester. For your paper assignments/tests (Jobs), he is a strict boss that will discipline you on how to respond and what to respond with to your future supervisor.
mmm, southern accent :)
He was aight
he scared me
Most of the terms on the test are from things he talked about in class so you'll miss a few points if you zone out or don't go. Reading the book and defining the terms in his study guide should be enough to pass.
He has first-hand knowledge of the subject and is a very kind man. If you do the reading, you will be fine. Attendance is mandatory, his tests can be tricky (multiple choice: a or b, none of the above type of ??s)and you will have a 15 pg. report due at the end of the semester. Still, it's a great class and you can do well if you participate.
His accent is difficult to understand at times, but he's a great professor. His tests aren't easy, but he's got a good sense of humor, and his class is enjoyable.
I found him to be a very disorganized teacher he would jump around in the chapters and not have a designated order. Very interesting though, with many great stories and very knowledgeable. If you have an interest in sociology take this with him if you don't, I wouldn't recommend this with him.
ok class. scales test a lot! nice guy and fun accent to listen to.
Don't know if it counts, but he does take attendance.
If you want storytelling corner, this the class for you. Markides spends more time telling stories than teaching stuff. A lot of busy work: reading 5 books and a 50-60 pg journal... if you have time to just do work and listen to stories, takes this class!
Was this class on mental illness? I couldn't tell...unless he was mentally
Dry, easy tests, great personality, boring teaching
You get back what you put in. Sleepy class, getting a C with out any effort.
A very knowledgeable guy, lots of interesting stories
class was a little confusing...not as good as I thought...nice prof though
sleepy class, but he was a nice guy
Eason is a great guy, but his lectures are tough to follow. Labs cover topics way earlier than they're introduced in class, making them far more difficult than they need to be. He takes the time to go over the labs in lecture for the second half of the class which is great, but it's a pretty tough course with a lot of material for an "intro" class.
Do the reading assignments on time. His lectures make far more sense if you've done the reading. Otherwise it is usually gibberish. Tests are alright, no quizzes. Take notes and ask questions. Likes to take a long time to cover the same topic, and you'll probably learn binary each of the first three semesters you have him.
Eason is kinda quirky and disorganized, and sometimes has trouble making concepts clear. However, he is very enthusiastic, very knowledgeable, and always willing to help out if you are struggling. Class was pretty relaxed and he would always bring in "something cool" to show us.
Eason is a good prof and a good guy. I had already taken COS 230 so this class was mind-numbingly easy, however for those who had no programming experience it was hard and the labs were VERY time-consuming. This isn't really Eason's fault, I think that an intro to CS class should be a prereq.
Tests are easy if you attend class. show up on time for attendance quizes, labs take some effort(but there were only 2) He's a soft hearted hard-ass wannabe.
He sucks!! Start early and end late is his motto for classes. Make sure you show up for class 10 mins early for the pop quiz at least once a week. Class is a breeze, he is a hard-A**!
SOmetimes clear, sometimes not so clear. If you put the time in and he knows ok
Lectures boring, tests too long, but great to deal with individually.
my favorite professor. very smart. dont say dumb stuff and actually try and you will have a good class. he gets a bad rep becasue people are just lazy. you cant text or be lazy in class.
Pretty easy for a college course. Make sure you go to the help sessions, you will get 100 on every hw. Test questions many times come stright from the hw
He loves guys, and is scared of good looking girls that don't love horses. He doesn't keep a grade book, and keeps an average of each student in his head.
Sometimes he's confusing but his tests are easy
Honestly one of the smartest people I have ever met. She is very insightful, and sees people for who they are. If you think she is "mean" it's probably because you said something stupid. Actors need to get used to criticism, it's the lifestyle. If you can't handle it, then theater isn't for you. Yes she's critical, but she's also an amazing mentor.
I honestly don't understand why everyone is complaining about. It's true that she only gives two tests and there isn't a lot of room to improve your grade if you do poorly. However, she does offer 2 extra credit chances for each test that are relatively easy. For the group project, pick your partners wisely.
Very nice, also very tough. Have a strong stomach and be ready to make your project your world.
I liked the class, tests aren't that hard...just be sure to get a good start on the individual project and pick a good team for the group project and you should have no problem passing business policy.
Unfair with grading. Boring. The material is not that hard, but the grading seems a little off.
She is good prof. Not Easy. Start the projects early and try to have fun at it. Good a into a good group. Study the models. Be at class on time is the key. Only two exams, the rest is project work. Expect GREAT feeling of relief when MGMT3280 is over.
Like him as a person but his lectures are confusing. He helped me a lot when I went to see him about my test. Reading the textbook helped me understand the material a lot better. Go to the review sections before the exam!
Stats course, hard material, but helpful. Learned a lot!
Genuinely nice guy, very helpful!
This class was the easiest, and most superficial. If you want not to work at all, take his cinema class.
This was a feminist class...oh boy was it boring!! But she's soo easy!! I got As on all my papers because I went and talked to her before they were due so she could pretty much tell me what to write on. DON'T DO the reading...it's worthless...just read what your papers are on, I never read a single reading and did well in the class.
He told us this was his first time teaching this course, GOVT 2305, in a while, and the test were worded very odd. There were only 4 exams and no homework or even quizzes.
Dr. Tkacik is a great person. I admire him. However, his teaching style was hard for me. I am not a person that likes politics/government. He does not do PowerPoints. Which I hated. You take notes based off what he is saying. So if you dont understand it you really dont have much to go off of. I dont recommend if you struggle with government.
He gives really interesting lectures and is really educated and passionate about what he is talking about. Also he is very funny and well respected. Although it is not mandatory to attend class it would probably not be a good thing to skip
Dr. Tkacik is a good professor, but he only lectures. There is no visual aid to go with his lectures and if you don't typically learn just by listening, he is not for you. That was the only thing I did not like about him, but other than that he is a good professor. Attend SI's and read the book in order to do good in this class.
He's an awesome prof. Tough class but as long as you study real good and do the extra credit you should be fine. Very blunt man and very funny. He's a personality you have to have humor for! Great prof would recommend to good test takers.
Professor Tkacik knows what he's talking about even if he is a tad bit bais. Now I would not recommend him if you don't like cussing or explicit gestures. His tests are hard. The lecture is easy to understand but you need to read the book.
The class is one of my favorite classes.. Tkacik is a great professor.
very cool guy, BEWARE...if Politics don't come natural its a hard class
Fresh from the outback. Too many notes
He is interesting, but I found his test to be some what difficult - only because they are 75 true/false... which can be intimidating. He was interesting and funny... If you take him, you might learn about beer! Ha!
I have had him for a couple classes and I enjoyed both tremendously. He has a unique background and interesting views on the free-market apparatus.
Gives you a lot of assignments but they are very helpful in your understanding of the subject. He is a very tough grader though so make sure your papers are professional and to the point. Final exam is an essay type test and is difficult.
Great instructor! If you go to all classes and take notes you won't have any problems. Study anomalies, you will need it for the final!
Great teacher and great guy. Go to every class and take good notes. His tests are based off of his notes. If you take the notes, the test will be pretty easy. The only problem I had was that sometimes he acted like he didn't have time to help me out of class. I don't know when he'll teach investments again, but take him for it!
Must attend his class if you want to do well on his tests. His teaching style is fine, but on his tests he'll pull. If your a CMT major he looks down on you.
I failed his class the first time I took it, but I was also lazy. Seriously, Professor Van Steenberg is amazing , and a wonderful man. His test are not easy, but he is willing to help. Very fair with grading. Put in the work and then some (study your homework, practice tests) and you'll be fine. Also, learn how to graph. He loves it.
Paul makes math very interesting and attempts to get even those who never liked it, such as myself, to fully appreciate it. His tests are really hard but he is very reasonable when it comes to final grades. He really wants to see you try and enjoy math. I'm sure I would enjoy his class more if I was a math wiz in higher courses.
If you like structure, then i don't recommend him. If you want flexibility then he is your guy.
Many of his classes will be taught in monotones, but if you can stay awake, you can see that Professor Van Steenberghe loves what he does. He's very informative and goes out of his way to help. He let us take an extra three hours on our final (which was quite hard). His tests are hard, but if you do all the homework, you should be fine.
His tests are rediculously hard, but he does everything he can to make sure your overall grade is as good as it can be.
Not a horrid teacher, but not great either. Explains everything once then moves on. Cares about math majors and engineers, but don't be surprised if you receive a lecture on how biologists don't respect Calculus. Finding another teacher for this class is highly recommended.
Helpful, but maybe calc just sucks!
Friendly guy, tries to make calc fun...
Marcia is kind of terrifying. If you are a person with high anxiety, I wouldn't recommend you taking one of her classes. Don't go into this class thinking an easy A or easy art credit because it was a lot of hard work. A lot a memorization and meeting with a partner outside of class.
It was overall a fun class. Even if you have a tough time she can be very helpful if you give her a chance. Much better then any other theater teachers I've had and a much better sense of humour. I would have had an A if it wasn't for attendance. IMPORTANT!
The class is really fun. Marcia is funny and easy to get along with, but as said above, if you aska question that she thinks is stupid, she makes it known to the class. For the most part, the class is an easy A.
If you do the readings, you should be fine. You read. You discuss. She tests.
Prof. Paley is a very good lecturer and educator. If you want to become an organic chemist, I recommend taking his course. Unfortunately, the tests he gives are extremely difficult and comprise the vast majority of your grade. If you're premed, I suggest taking Orgo 2 at Haverford or Bryn Mawr. It is 10 times easier taking it there than with Paley.
Paley is alright. He is kind of celebrated by many Swarthmore students, which got me excited to have class with him but by the end of the semester I was disappointed. Ill start with the good. Paley teaches you a lot and you will learn a lot, and the class is hard. Now bad. His lectures are lazy. He just goes through worksheets very quickly.
It's hard for me to rate this class. Lux is a super nice guy and really trys hard to inspire his students. His lectures are REALLY dry. If you are taking this class to fulfill a science credit then don't take this class.. He is not clear at all during lecture, and does not know how to engage a lecture of 100+. Lab is pointless and a joke.
The tests are a lot harder than they seem.
Assignments were challenging but not punishing, graded very fairly. I found that lecture was very dry and difficult to listen to, but if networking is your thing then you'll probably enjoy it. Exams were challenging but again, graded fairly, also open note. Pretty solid choice for an elective, I learned a lot.
Lectures were long, boring, but very informative. Homework helped fill in the gaps to the parts of lecture I missed. Very reasonable grading. Would recommend for anyone interested in networking, even non-CS/IT majors into computers and computer games.
Boring, boring, boring. And Johnson just doesn't seem to care anymore...
Nice guy.
I didnt really enjoy her classes, she tends to speak in a very roundabout way, in the middle of one sentence, she will begin another sentence, and so I just found it difficult to pay attention. If you just do the readings, then everything else is really easy. She also likes to do these activities in class that sometimes can be fun.
critical thinking in groups is a ridiculous class. The whole semester you have no idea what your even doing or trying to achieve in the end, and roxanne's not going to tell you either, as a teacher she has her flaws she can be hard to understand and her instructions hard to follow, dont worry.The class is easy and anyone can do well. The secret is
Nice teacher, but the class was a waste of time. I din't learn a thing.
She is the best teacher ever !! highly recommended. If you want to take an A, take her class !!
This didnt seem like Adv Public Spk, it was so easy! No quizzes/tests, just speeches. In the beg, youll turn in notes from the ch. in the book every week, but that ends after the 2nd month. I think I had a bad bunch of students in my class, cause she always seemed stressed out to see us and would occassionally PMS out. But all in all I give it an A
there is quite a bit of work for a speech clas, but its all pretty easy. she talk A LOT, so be prepared. 75% of the battle is showing up to class.
Annoying voice. A little attitude and pushy. But if you play your cards right you'll get an A
I'm glad that he is retired now. He was a good teacher if you were taking this class for a masters degree...its intro!! If you like to work hard and get C's...then he was the guy for you. :)
People who are afraid of challenges OR using their brains dislike Newkirk. He is a great guy, you just need to make an effort to understand him. He is helpful during office hours-try it you just might benefit!!
Difficult class but it is possible to pass.
I should of seen this before taking the class. His tests are hard but I did enjoy his lectures.
He is a very difficult teacher, but means well, he clearly states at the biggining of the semester that he expects his students to work hard if they want a good grade. All you realy have to do is read the book, review, and youll do fine on the tests. I got a B in the class.
One of the best teachers at grossmont. He is only tough if you don't care about the subject. He gives you the grade you deserve. All teachers should be like him. He is like a fine-tuned machine.
It's a challenge worth taking. I enjoyed his class, If you make the effort you'll make the grade. Rock on Dr. Newkirk!!!
Teaching stagedy is not very helpful to students.
hard class but he knows his stuff. if you want to be challenged than take his class (but i wouldn't recommend it)
Sometimes you need to keep yourself awake in his classes, he is not an animated lecturer. If you are interested in the material the best way to do this is to engage him--ask questions, joke with him--he'll respond. He is extremely cynical and has low expectations, & doing well does not take much effort at all. Use the extra breathing room to learn.
First take this class if you want an "A" Second be prepared to ask yourself everyday what the hell is this man talking about.
"At any rate"...If you are not up tight his class can be a gas. Easy. He really dosn't give a crap. Sometimes he would cancel class b/c it was a sunny day. Have fun taking him!
Don't believe what people say, I'm taking his class and it's soo easy, gives lots of time for home work and is lenient with turning in late labs, the practice test matches the actual test completely. Does homework off both myMathlab and out of the book, will take either but I haven't done any homework out of the book, so easy to just skate thru his class and just practice the practice test. Just show up and do the online homework and you'll get an A
This guy started off being cool with the students, then his test started getting very hard.He thought it was fun and he even said that it is fun for him to make quizs very hard for the students.Take my advice and take another professor and save a HUGE HEADACHE.
He reminds me of Will Ferrell, lol. He's an okay guy, nothing too bad about his class.
Given that class (macrotheory) itself is difficult material, he's one of the better profs who teaches it
Now that I have almost completed Math 7, I can say he did not prepare me as well as he could have. he is retired so I feel as if he does not provide as many examples as he could. He is also a very tough grader, I got 1/11 points on a problem for not writing "1+2+3.." and the entire problem and procedure was correct. Okay prof, would recommend other
Professor Jimenez may seem like he doesn't care about you at first, but give him a chance. He puts on a tough exterior, but he's really just a teddy bear. As far as his teaching methods go, homework is essential to passing although it's not turned in. Attendance is a must. He will drop you without notice. Quizzes everyday, how he keeps attendance
Professor Jimenez keeps it old school. Quizzes every day. He uses this to ensure you keep up with Homework assignments although he doesn't collect HW. Study your quizzes well as they are similar to the exams! He will mark you down for careless mistakes on quizzesexams. If you study and don't slack with chapters, you will do fine.
I don't think Professor Jimenez bad teacher, he just does not seem to care about his students enough, nor is he very encouraging. Also, does not give partial credit on exams. Take his class if you are good in algebra, but not because you want to understand calculus. Lets class out early very often and skips sections that he says is "not important"
His lectures are quick and clear, make sure to read the book and do the hw, study the quizs that are given almost everyday and you will do fine.
Grew to love Big Ben. Pleasant guy who went through the course fast so attendance is pretty important. Not easy if you dont want to put the effort in...
Explains the concepts incredibly well, but isn't helpful at all! I got an A by studying at least 6 hours a day, every single day. By far the hardest class I have ever taken. 6 exams, but very do-able tests. You have to study almost every day for this class if you want an A though. Final surprisingly pretty easy though for math 7, multiple choice.
6 exams and everyday quizes.doesn't drop anything and no homework. the exams are super hard and he gives no partial credit. this semster he had to take a make up so the average goes up.a lot dropped and more than half got c and lower overall bad teacher wil not recommend. his final was so hard that someome got seizure and passed out.i got b
I tried taking his class this Fall semester. I only lasted 2 weeks. He is a hard grader. He gives tests everyday and doesn't give credit for homework assigned. He moves through teaching sections of the textbook fast. If you try him, please take the class seriously, ask questions in class (if you have any) and study hard with or without a tutor.
This guy knows everything, at the same time he doesnt know what hes talking about! He gets a different answer from the book and he says its the same, isnt it? and then he conects his answer to the book answer in a way that no-one would imagin!!! He gets quizes almost every day, homeworks are not so important, but if u want a good grade, do it!
Okay first of all, to all you people who gave bad ratings to Prof. Jimenez are tripping! He is an amazing teacher who literally knows how to teach. He is so far one of my favorite teachers, not because he is easy, but because his lectures are crystal clear. In order to pass the class you must take notes and pass all quizzes. Trust me its worth ur $
Does anyone know what materials are necessary for his class? Like scantrons, study guides, and so on.
He's a really nice guy. His class is fun to be in. He cracks jk's every now and then. He's a great math teacher. Makes things REALLY clear. But you will have to pull your own weight! No BS with this guy. He will drop you QUIK if you mess around. By far one of the best teachers SMC has!!! TAKE HIM!!!
taking class in 7.oo in the morning is kiling me specialy when you have to take the damn quiz everyday.
Hes a resonable teacher... however, the way he does attendance needs to be changed... MAKE SURE YOU COME TO CLASS ON TIME! or else he will drop you
VERY COCKy. Many quizez, tests are easy but he tricks you with unfamiliar one or two questions. he's not too fast or slow, nice teaching method.. but he's somewhat hard, harsh grader of all time, get everything right on any problems!!~ no partial credit points none sense
I have never been in a math class where there is no partial credit given on work done and where a calculus exam is given on scantron. He doesn't care about the calc work u do, he just wants the right answer. I don't like his method or the way he tries to trick students on tests. not happy at all!
This class was HARD but I still got an A. LOTS of reading, you wont do well if you dont do the readings and take notes. Yes, the monor quizes are all on quizlet, but if you want to do well on the exams, do the reading and study. He expects a lot from you and sometimes its overwhelming. I spent way more time on this class than any other.
Professor Batuski is very enthusiastic about Astronomy, and goes very in depth during his lectures. He is a good professor, however, his assessments are extremely unreasonable. Students are expected to learn an amount that is way above an introductory level course load. If you don't have to take this class, don't.
He's ok, but definitely not on Comins level.
Not very interesting, tests were hard but extra credit and weekly quizzes were quite easy.
Batuski was an easy professor. The class was not hard at all and I barely put in any effort at all to get a B-. Got a 100 on every single weekly quiz, and got 70's on the pre-lims. Batuski was pretty big on extra credit too. The class was very boring though.
The class is VERY boring, and the test questions are often something he mentioned once in class. He covers a lot of material, and he certainly knows his stuff. The lab is MISERABLE, taking it in the winter means standing outside in 10 degree weather for 2 hours staring at the sky. The Asian TA is impossible to understand and not at all helpful.
Took his astronomy class during the summer online. Boring pre-recorded lectures, but you can definitely get through with a respectable B or higher if you study the material.
Batuski definitely knows his stuff. His problem is conveying it to you in an interesting manner. The class is verrrry boring, but it's a very easy GenEd for lab science. Be sure to go to class because attendance counts for an entire exam grade. Exams are slightly harder than expected, but all multiple choice.
Took the online version. Lectures were awful. Dry and boring. Exams/quizzes were all on webct. You could use notes, book or whatever you wanted, but exams were 50 questions in 70 minutes. Some questions were vague and diffcult even with the notes and book.Decent class easy way to knock off the lab requirement. Live verison might be better
not a bad teacher. I would sugguest his live class not online. he's a boring lecture to watch, even more boring on the computer. You have to have his lecture as the front window while watching it on your computer which means no aim!! take the live if you want to take it.
class itself was tough, alot of memorization, but doable if you do the work. all the extra credit definetly helped a ton, but i think he said he was going to minimize how much he'll put on next year's course. i heard it one of the easier science gen'eds
Boooring, hard to listen to.
I took the online version, which is probably worse because you can fall asleep listening to the lectures. Tests were very difficult even though they were open-book. I didn't think it reflected the lectures.
BLAH. Boring as heck. Tests are very hard and won't scale. Class always runs late. AVIOD like the plague
Mediocre teacher for a mediocre subject
He's okay. Not too great, not too bad.
He is not that bad. He does expect you to do your work and he will help you. I can see why people don't like him but it is far from the worst class in the world. He is very straight forward with his test and yes he can be a little rough on grading, but not unfair. If you pay attention and keep up with the reading, you will have no problem.
Hard teacher, felt like she singled people out. Our *HORRIBLE* topic: Failure in engineering. Not my thing and is impossible to write about unless you have any interest or knowledge of. Did take the time to help improve my writing, but trust me at times my million revisions seemed VERY unnecessary. Writing did improve but ahh good luck with her!
Sharon's class was very difficult considering her final grade was based mostly on the papers we wrote. However, she was a great teacher and really can teach you how to write. She likes students that try their best. If you find that you are struggling in her class, take advantage of her office hours. She is very helpful.
I've also had Sharon for HON 111. Great and EXTREMELY entertaning, VERY open to others interpretations unlike some professors. Only two 5 pg essays, so good choice if lots of huge essays aren't your favorite; just be willing for a lower grade. Grades tough: allows rewrites and gives helpful rewrite conferences. (avg.ed C's, B's after rewrite)
biased, likes to dominante class discussions, only sees things through her perspective, tough grading on papers, but fair and worthwhile, dont take as a first year caution as an upperclassmen, kids seem to love her or hate her
You definitely have to do a lot of thinking, and be prepared to answer questions... the only way you will get an A is by participating a lot in class discussion.
Tough on papers but easy on the eyes...
a diehard feminest, interesting, yet very hard
She knew her stuff when it came to Env. Law... interesting but lots of work
Jackson is rude at times in her criticism, however I feel her heart is in the right place. She seems to pick favorites. Her course gets more interesting as it progresses, however it's time the books she teaches from are updated. Enough about Typhoid Mary please!
Very hard grader. Had no complaints about one paper and still only got a B+.
There is a LOT of reading, and it is necessary but most of it is interesting and easy to get through. Make sure to attend class, because missing a class is missing a lot of important notes and information. She makes the lectures interesting and she is an AMAZING professor. The exams are pretty difficult, so definitely study a lot, but fair grading.
Good teacher, deff cares about the topics at hand. Not too sure of what she would test on when it comes to lectures, maybe a few terms but deff the reading. Sometimes lets some annoying students control the class and goes on rants. This makes the class drag on and you will lose interest, otherwise she is a great teacher
Loved her, great teacher but over all very understanding.
YOU HAVE TO DO THE READING!!! if you want an A do the reading. attending class once a week is easy but she assings massive amounts of reading. Learn from my mistake and BUY THE BOOK keep up with the reading and you'll do fine. the class is fairly instresting so dont stress about the lectures. Exam is alot of true false so DO THE READING!! READ READ
Class is interesting, but not necessary. MUST do the readings really. Tests are strange---way more detailed than her class would lead you to expect with weird question wording, but not crazy difficult if you either go to class or read the book.
Dr. Lee is probably the nicest professor I have encountered, however his lectures are confusing. The new textbook isn't that great, making for a pretty tough time. His office hours are also the most extensive I have ever seen. He is a great guy and helps out during office hours but lecture is definitely a negative.
Heavy in using physics terms to describe physics to people who don't understand physics
His lectures were sometimes confusing because he gets lost quite often while teaching the material. However, he is always willing to help. He offers a lot of office hours and he also runs help sessions before each of the exams, which I found to be very helpful. Overall, he is a decent professor, just make sure you keep up with the material.
I disagree with the comments before, he's a very helpful teacher, has office hours many times a week, and students dont go to him, fun teacher, he loves teaching, sometimes goes off topic but u still learn what u need to learn, easy teacher, talks with students if they need any help
final was brutal, spent extremely little time on optics which was 2 questions on the final.. He basically crammed 3 chapters into the last week of classes... good person, bad decisions as a professor
besides that this class is extremely difficult, i think overall he is a great professor. however, if u have a choice, dont take him because he doesnt explain a lot much.
He's not for everyone. I hear a lot of mixed reviews. He's not a strait forward sort of guy and often is hard to follow but if you listen to his stories you can pick out the gist of what he wants you to know. His class wasn't for me but you might like his style.
An overall dull class with the occasional interesting topic. Nice guy though.
Easiest tests I ever took, nice guy, boring class
NIce guy but boring very boring often goes off on tangets that make no sense
nice guy, boring class.
Arrogant; pretends to be friendly; passive aggressive and plays favorites.
Great guy as long as you agree with him. Otherwise, be prepared for some passive-aggressive behavior. Has a subtle way of letting you know you've gotten on his bad side. Can also lose his temper
Occasional political rants that disrupt class.
Great conductor. Always has a joke to crack. Made class very enjoyable.
He knows his stuff but he thinks he is Jesus Christ which isn't so great. Then again, he IS a percussionist...
extremely bipolar but a good instructor overall
very demanding and confusing at times but always compliments you when your right
he's a nice guy, but he can be boring at times
What a great percussion instructor! He's done wonders with UD percussion line.
He's super nice, and intro to marketing was an easy A. Tests are all from the major concepts in the book--definitions and basic concepts, nothing tricky. Extra credit questions are from very specific things he mentions in class. Also gives opportunities for extra credit from answering questions in the book. FUN and EASY!
Take your book and follow along, anything he says verbatium from the book is gonna be on the test. Once I figured that out, I was making A's.
He's super awesome and laid back. But don't let that fool you. You must do your work to earn your grade. He's a sweetheart but he expects effort from you. I took him for Survey of Broadcasting. He didn't use the book but he did reference it. And he added fun stories along the way. Keep in mind, he's not afraid to fail you. He can be vague by he wants you to think and prove you are learning. If you go an talk to him, he will talk to you as if you both are old friends. I would recommend him.
He expects you to work. Don't let the friendly demeanor fool you. Show up, do the work. No big deal.
This teacher's class was ok, but I did not believe he graded fairly.
he no speak el english, aviod at all cost, take that female math teacher i forget her name something like kinsfather.
Super easy class. All we had was three papers only. Although I don't like philosophy, his way make it very easy.
There are 3 exams, each worth a third of the grade. The first exam has terms and some problems. Only proofs and problems on the other exams. Just do all the problems in the book and understand how to prove it then you'll get an A.
He's a nice professor & very smart & intelligent. Although I find the class boring because I'm not interested in Philosophy, he's a great teacher. He's pretty funny & approacheable too. No tests, just essays! He's an easy grader & always there to offer his opinion.
Class is boring but attendance is mandatory. He doesn't take attendance but he knows when you are absent. He posts practice quizzes online. if you memorize those they are the exact questions on the exams. Theres no reason you can't get an A if u go to class &look at quizzes. He doesn't tolerate ignorant questions from people who dont go to class.
Don't forget your phone or laptop when you go to class... otherwise prepare to be bored. He's a great guy and very interesting, he just is very hard to understand at times because of all his tangents. Basically gives you all the exam questions but honestly if you just read you'll get A's on everything.
If you asked me what the class was about, I would not be able to tell you. I did not learn a single thing, but I am positive I will be getting an A. I don't care much for Philosophy so it doesn't matter to me, but he's an awkward guy, funny, easy going and kind-hearted but extremely awkward. If you get to know him, it's an easy A, no doubt!
Easy class, one test, one individual paper, one group paper. The "textbook" is the biggest waste of money ever. Wilson "wrote" it and you have to pay to access it online. The problem is that the majority of the content comes directly from Wikipedia, and the rest is not worth the money at all. I felt very ripped off. At least the class was easy.
Pretty good professor. Very interested in logic, but often goes off on repeated tangents about Pitt and their superior logic program. Teaches material straight out of the book. Skips over the rules (I guess he expects you to learn on your own ahead of time) and spends all of class doing proofs. Grade based on 3 tests. Tests are curved substantially
He's really corny but amusing. Not really good at fostering class discussion, but it's not that kind of class. He writes his own reviews on here. I can pretty much say that if he's got an easiness rating of 3 and everything else is a 5 he did it. Class consists of no homework, only weekly quizzes. Drops the lowest grade. Final was optional.
If you want an easy A, this is the one to take. All his quizzes were almost exact replicas of the ones he posted online. He's a real cool and chill guy; not hard to approach at all. As for the class itself though, I didn't learn a thing.
Well if its for a requirment, whynot take it.
She is a very good professor. It is a very heavy-workload class. You have to read up to 30 pgs each time you meet or else you will be lost. Her exams are tuff, you need to study most of the material because what she said will be on the exam probably won't be. Overall, she cares about your understanding. But you got to work for the grade.
This class was very hard as a non fluent speaker, even though I have been taking Spanish for several years. Many quizzes and compositions in this class. She is a hard grader on composition and marks every single mistake. Tests are on easier side though. Homework every night. Overall an okay teacher but would avoid if not good at spanish.
This was a very challenging class but it did help improve my Spanish skills. She is pretty clear with expectations for work and exams, but you have to put in a lot of work and try to participate as much as you can in class. Lots of reading to stay on top of but put in the work and it will be okay.
I have complicated feelings about Dr. Gomez-Perez. I took a different class with her before and got a B so I really had to work hard to get the B+. I'm nearly fluent in Spanish and her classes will make you work. Even the native speakers had a tough time. She has clear grading criteria though, but it's very hard to do well on her essays.
Dr. Boothby is fine. He lectures only and makes uncomfortable very intense eye contact when he teaches which is off-putting. He is only grading us by three tests including the exam this year, no papers. Lots of long reading on impossible philosophers, but that's not his fault. He doesn't like to give above a 94 but he gives everyone good grades.
He's awesome. Doesn't post grades but in the end your grade will be fine. Pop quizzes on the readings but they're not that hard and he might not but them on your actual grade. We wrote three big papers and that's it
Interesting teacher. A lot of pop quizzes on the readings, 1 in class essay, 1 take home essay, 1 midterm and final. Be prepared to feel uncomfortable, constantly will call on you whether you raise your hand or not. Lectures explain the readings, spark notes is helpful. If you like to participate take this class.
Boothby's a cool guy, very laid back, which is nice but that doesn't mean you don't have to do the readings! The subject matter can sometimes be confusing but if you ask him to clarify, he's more than willing! If I have to take a philosophy class, I'm defiantely going to try to get him!
Good teacher, yucky class.
Being a hard class was fine...he's fascinating to listen to and you learn. But a lot more closed to any opposing views, or even innocent questions, than I expected.
Avoid taking him if you can. He literally tells students he's mean and scary on purpose. Pop quizzes and essay tests are very difficult. I'm a senior and I felt like I was barely passing an intro level course. Told me to come to class even when I was sick. He has his opinions and won't change them. DON'T TAKE HIM!
Love love loveeee Franzie, he makes you think, which some people aren't good at so dont take him if you are looking to fly by with your head in the clouds. Though his almost daily quizzes were challenging but made me do the reading. I recommend him if you're truly interested in Poli. Sci.
Franzie isn't a bad person. His class however is grotesquely boring and dry. It can be tough and intimidating and he rarely gives a grade higher than a B. If you aren't a Political Science major, this class is completley useless and will do nothing but hurt your GPA.
Oh Franz ... his classes are always interesting and make you think. He likes to act intimidating but he's really a nice guy. You MUST read for class because not only does he give random quizzes, class participation is huge. He's definitely worth taking just to see him in action.
Great teacher, but pretty tough. One of the best professors here. Be ready to work.
Hard class, teacher likes to give short one answer quizzes at the start of each class. Would take a diff professor for this class next time around.
Extremely intelligent, lots of class participation. Exams are hard/he is a tough grader. Despite the grade you get, you feel much smarter. Take him for PS 101
he is a super nice guy, and i love how he teaches my nterpersonal communications!
he is funny in his own shakespearian way
Very smart, and also taught a lot. But this class was by far the hardest class I have ever taken. She is a very hard teacher, and her grades are very tough.
I took this as a winter term course. It was a ton of work and there wasn't much that was graded. Each lesson had a long video and an extremely long book chapter. The tests weren't super difficult but weren't easy either. The Virtual Child assignments are extremely time-consuming. I would not recommend as a winter or summer term class.
Took this class online. I HATE IT. It is so hard. She tries to help, but it doesn't really help. Her TA Anne Donovan is very rude and unfair. Avoid this class with them if possible. It is too hard and the lectures are VERY boring.
Took her online class...Hardest class I have ever taken in my entire life. Exams are insane. I would avoid this teacher at all costs if you hope to get a good grade!
Her contribution, apart from reponding to e-mails was minimal. Too much to do
i either had this class too early or she was kinda boring because i fell asleep
He's my advisor and I have bio 100. He's a nice guy. Hard class but it's not his fault, it's the material.
Average prof. Can be quite difficult course, for most people.
he's much better than last year's teacher was, jellison, ugh!!!!
MUCH BETTER THAN HIS COUNTER PART
While I didn't like her personality nearly as much as Dr. Dastoor's, I found her lectures to be really helpful to my understanding of the material, which is kind of amazing because I *hate* micro/cellular biology in general. I HIGHLY recommend reading the book before the lectures, though.
I found the class to be rather easy..She was an ok Professor!! I found her to be WAY Better Than Dr. Fahrad!!! But thats just me...Also if you miss something due to a death in the family she doesnt care...You Missed It and Thats, That!!! Over all I love BIO!!!!
Great prof. Does the harder material well -it's intense, so you have to read over the book and study, it's not simple mendelian genetics like Kevin's stuff. Hot accent! ;-)
One word PRO- cess
Same as my PHY229 Rating. The second time around will be easier since you will know how to write your lab reports. Lastly, use your time to write your reports, waiting until the last minute is a bad idea. Also pay attention in your PHY236 and PHY238 as they will help immensely with some of your lab reports.
Compared to the next semester prof, he hardly has any examples, the online work is horrible, and the way he teaches is confusing even though I have taken the same class only one semester prior and learned the same material. And the final exam you have to provide your own equation sheet which is incredibly stressful if you miss something.
Definitely asks a lot of work out of his students. He gives you everything you need to master these concepts, but you have to put in quite a bit of work. Homework is heavy and hard, but the tests are borderline easy if you're well prepared.
If you're a physics major (like me) or a hard worker in general who shows an interest in physics, you'll probably find that he's a nice guy who genuinely cares about his students. Otherwise he'll probably be the worst teacher you've ever had.
SUCKED. BORING CLASS. TOO MUCH TIME SPENT ON THE WORK, AND DONT LIKE THE NON CALC BASED CLASS
I HATE THIS MAN! Seems to think that physics is a student's only course...some 8 hours of in-class time a week!
I don't think Todd actually taught the class, I think he just used some other guy's pre recorded lectures. Whoever the other guy was is a good teacher though lol. Todd accidently had the online homework to close an hour early for the first few weeks and didn't believe me when I told him, so I had to use my one extension and he never apologized.
Overall good teacher. I do agree you may have to teach yourself at some points. His MLA did a lot of the work while most days he kind of skimmed through the lecture. Put in a little extra effort and he definitely notices
you can pretty much teach yourself the material but if you go to the math den there is plenty of opportunity to get help. the lectures are boring but its math.
Will cater to the class majority, but also helps individuals. Explains well.
great class, does good job explaining material in his lectures
Very Dry and leading questions... Needs more thought involved...
Very Dry and leading questions... Needs more thought involved...
Definitely a good professor. He'll be really honest with you (with the good and the bad). He's funny and a good professor. I would recommend taking a class with him if you have the chance.
Prof. Brucher is a comic who keeps the class intellectually entertaining.
He is full of information. Sometimes I want to take notes during his prayers.
Tighe is old, and she gets sick often hindering her from teaching us. She's also very snarky and mean with her responses to any questions during lecture. Her quizzes are 10 questions and 50 minutes (much harder than all the other professors) and her exams are notoriously horrendous with one being 25 questions and having only 50 minutes to complete.
Tbh I learned much more from YouTube and the old quizzes/exams than I did from her lectures but this applies to a certain extent for all calc professors here.What I knock her for is the over-the-top quizzes which were harder than other professors.She is a somewhat snark lady at times but that's negated by how nice she can be outside of class.
Tighe is an okay professor. However, her lecture solutions and quiz keys sometimes give wrongful answers, giving students a higher chance of getting low scores on tests.
Compared to other teachers, Bonny Tighe is the hardest. Her quizzes and exams are longer and harder. Many people fail this course in general and I can tell you taking it with her makes this easier. She is a very good teacher and puts effort into the class, but if you want to increase your chances of passing Calc 2, don't take her.
Ms. Tighe is a fantastic professor, but she expects you to put in the effort to understand the material she presents at lectures. She is extremely helpful if you go to office hours and castle. Her humor is absolutely a plus, and she is very clear cut as to her expectations for the course.
If you want to study really hard and take exams that are not a reflection of her lectures then definitely take her class. She writes down the procedure of the problem and expects you to write it down. Her handouts are pure laziness on her behalf. She could do a much better job of explaining the material. Nice lady, sucky teacher. NO Ph.d.
We don't use calculators because it is all possible to solve without one; unless you are doing the homework because you need to put the exact answer. She is good teacher, but she makes the quizzes and exams hard. ALWAYS print out the class material before class, which she sends via email unless you have photographic memory...
Shes an above average professor. Going to lectures helps, and she knows her materials really well. Shes funny in class. But sometimes she doesn't very interested in helping student when you tell her your issues.
This class is already hard.She was very nice but had a certain way she wanted you to solve problems. The exams were long and hard to finish. You have to practice alot if you want to finish. She also expects you to read before class so you already know what you go over in class. She left early in the semester due to illness but she was good overall
Mrs Tighe is great if you let her know you
She is very smart and genuinely likes calc. Read the section in the book before going to class. Do ALL the homework (even though she drops 5). Do practice quiz/exams if she gives them. Don't forget to look over your notes before the exam. TAKE GREAT NOTES! I got an A by practicing every old problem, quiz, or exam I could find.
She is a bit overrated. The main goal of her teaching seems to be about solving a bunch of routine calculus problems quickly. The exams are not about a good understanding of calculus either; instead, they test one's ability to do bunch of ugly problems fast. Personally she is very nice, however, I would not recommend her despite all the hype.
DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE.If you like learning everything on your own take tighe and don't bother going to class. Wastes 10 min a class talking about non-sense. Only went over examples in reading. Tests are not like homeworks. Good hard calc class with independent thought involved which I like but the material is glossed over @ best + the book sucks
Her tests had ten questions, each question is half a page of answer. She curved down and up. Some people she made 7 into 9 and the others she made 7 into 5. Chew gum even when lecture. Lots of homework. Each homework had at least 30 questions, each question is half a page of answer. Take her class when you only take one class for a semester
Almost always late to class. Doesnt clearly explain what a section is about -just does lots of easy examples and expects you to catch on. Very helpful during her office hours if you go to them. Posts practice exams- but often makes mistakes in answer key (and when doing examples) Don't take Tighe's class if you dont have all your free time for math
I can't stand her....she's rude and sarcastic. The class isn't that hard but the bs homework is a waste of time as it has nothing to do with quizzes.
A tad confusing, a little quirky but overall reasonable. Homework is tedious but easy. And all you have to do to get a good grade in his class is make sure your papers have all the grading goals in them (For crying out loud he even lists them for you!!!!!)
HW is a pain in the ass, but you learn how to write better. Essays are hard, and the final paper is crazy, stay away from him, NO JOKE, you'll regret it.
His class sucks - all busy work until the big paper at the end. However, he is a nice guy to talk to if you have problems.
tons of HW - can be very demeaning - easy A if you have tons of free time for HW
It's literally just copying his lecture notes to answer his assignments. Going to the actual lecture is useless because its incomprehensible and erratic. He grades with no rhyme or reason... Impossible to fail but near impossible to get an A or cruise about a B+ or B range. I would not take it again... unbearably boring.
His lectures aren't the most interesting/fun but he's a really nice guy and definitely knows what he's talking about. Not going to lie though, your textbook really becomes your best friend during the semester. USE IT!
Very old professor. His classes were boring and his surprise quizzes were annoying. Study the review exams he gives before each exam and do the problem sets. Your sure to get an A or a B
Don't know about his 101. 382 is more history than Econ, I found it kind of boring. I'm not big on history or writing, so I didn't like this class much. However, Mitch isn't all that bad. Can be boring, scattered writing on the board. But he will answer your questions and try to make sure he answered it well. Also keeps the class updated w/emails.
Not to hard, but very boring. Not a great teacher and the notes on the board are very unorganized! You basically have to teach yourself the material
Not a good public speaker and therefore teaching skills are lacking. His hearts in the right place, but he says some mean things sometimes. Still, class wasn't hard.
Nice fellow, but not a good teacher, this was supposed to be a seminar class, but Professor Mitch was very bad at facilitating discussion. The class felt unfocused. I never got an overall picture of what the goal of the class was.
I would say Mitch isn't a very good speaker. He says "umm" about 217 times a class and often goes on tangents. However, he's a nice guy and always offers to help. Don't take FYS 102B though, it's way too much work for a 100-level class.
The class is not too hard if you do the reading, but he grades his problem sets unfairly. My answeres weren't word-for-word what he wanted, so they were wrong or 2/5 points given, same on tests for written questions. And don't bother to ask for help because he wont give a straight answer.
Tests and problem sets are very fair, and somewhat easy if you know your stuff. They would probably be impossible if you didn't read the chapters before lectures. His lectures are extremely boring and sometimes pointless if you have read...but overall a good teacher and a worthwhile class. :)
UGH! Easy class but...too much workload, if you ask me.
Interesting topics but honestly little point in going to class. She puts all notes on blackboard and after the first exam she gave us a list of all the questions on the test. I failed first exam, aced other two. the difference? I stopped going to class. TAs grade INSANELY hard. Honestly, MEMORIZE THE READINGS because that is what they grade on.
She is a very analytical philosopher, which is nice, but she has little knowledge of and love for non-analytic philosophy.
The only professor for CAD / Sophomore design, so there's no way around that. His expectations of the students are unreasonably high, and getting an A is practically impossible unless you can read his mind. Homeworks can be challenging and the graders are very picky. No exams, but there are 2 big projects. Easy class with frustrating grading.
very odd, Homework is long but not hard. If you take the time you will get a good grade
tedious work, no simple explanation, but super nice guy
Lectures are Boring, but he is helpful, intelligent, and fair
MR ROGERS !!!!!!!!!!!
Good professor - class was easy - fairly lenient grading so long as you put in the effort. Probably my favorite language professor. Hint: If you take the Spanish lit classes, the library has English translations of many of the texts you need to read...come prepared to wow with your masterful comprehension of medieval Spanish lit.
Nice hands!!!!!
good teacher, allows number of revisions on papers
Like everyone else said, just study the review sheets in the ClassPack and you'll be fine. I got over a 90 on the midterm just by reading over the midterm practice questions. Everything else is unimportant. Get the good grade and stop whining.
Not the best teacher, but it's an EASY class. The practice exams are the tests with the numbers changed around. Frosh business majors **** and moan about everything that doesn't go their way, don't listen to them. Put in a little effort, do the practice tests, go to class, and ask questions and you'll be fine.
Good teacher, but not super easy. Will expect you to read the text before class. Also expects you to know GAAP and IFRS.
Just wanted to comment on the commenter below. This class from previous semesters of FOUR different subjects into only TWO - Financial Accounting and Tax. Notes and calculators aren't allowed for the exams, but it's ok since the material requried to remember! Just put in the TIME and PRACTICE - you'll pass! This class is VERY time consuming!!
Bob is a great professor, but he takes accounting very seriously. He is willing to help but make sure you come to class prepared because his portion of the exam is very tricky. Over and Under is a pain so watch out for it. Good luck in 321 because it is the most time consuming class.
Goood
if you need to take this class, dont be too discouraged by the previous comments. This class is definately hard but you get used to it as the semester progresses. You do need to put in a lot of time but you will gain a lot of accounting knowledge in doing so. bob and will and both good teachers. its not that bad!
A very tough class, but manageable. You just have to work your b*tts off. He presents real-life accounting cases. A good guy, though, not really great. Just get straight to the point when talking to him.
Bob can be harsh but he was great to me because I came to class always prepared, on time, did the reading, and took good notes. Participate in all classes and find a good group which is essential. Interview them carefully and make sure your goals and schedules dont conflict because alot of work will be done in groups. Also, do all the reading.
I think he has good intentions, he just doesn't know how to show them. He knows A LOT about the subject, he just has a difficult time conveying it in an interesting manor. He doesn't have much patience, and makes students feel stupid when they answer questions incorrectly. He makes a good balance with Will though to make a balanced class.
This was THE most difficult class I have ever taken. Bob is really tough but passing this class is not impossible. Be prepared to work harder than ever before and probably for only a mediocre grade. This class was a complete horror and I am SO glad it's over but I definitely learned more than I have from any other class I've taken.
This class was hell but I was warned before I took it. Bob is ok if he likes you. This class is not easy at all and there is way to much group work. You are likely to drop a whole letter grade after the final so try to have a good grade before you take it. Good Luck
Bob is what we call accounting magic. One of the best professors here at SDSU. Dont be intimidated by him b/c he's not a credible accountant, he's just a person like you that studied accounting and now he's regurgitating it to you.
This class was torture.Expect to turn in assignments every class session. Also, make sure to carefully select what group you will be in (you will be working with them ALL semester). There are two exams and one brutal final. Stay above the mean and you should be ok. The mean for the final was a 45 :(
Bob is a good teacher who really wants you to understand the material. It's not his fault that there is a lot of material to cover in the course, and it is certainly not his fault if you're lazy. Be prepared to work like you never have before. Big helpful curve on the exams to boost grades
BOB AS A TEACHER IS HORRIBLE! IN CLASS HE'LL DO CALCULATIONS, ON MIDTERMS HE EXPECTS SOMETHING DIFFERENT! DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO, YOU CAN DO ALL THE WORK AND STILL NOT PASS, NO CONSIDERATIONS WHAT SO EVER! ACCOUNTING MAJORS - GOODLUCK!
CAPPETINI IS A VERY GOOD TEACHER. HE IS A BIT TOUGH, BUT HE KNOWS WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT. IF YOU ARE AN ACCOUNTING MAJOR, YOU HAVE NO CHOICE BU TO TAKE HIS CLASS. DO NOT ASK STUPID QUESTIONS IN HIS CLASS. HE'LL MAKE YOU LOOK DUMB.
Acctg 321 is very hard. I was taking 4 other classes and I was studying more for Acctg than for all of the other ones combined. I got a C in Acctg and I got 2 As and 2 Bs in the other 4 classes. Good luck, you don't have a choice if your major is Acctg.
Does not make class any easier. Watch out for trick questions!!
Lots of work. Be prepared to have MANY assignments and the tests are EXTREMELY hard.
He's tough, but good. Wants you to think for yourself!
Must do all assignments or you're screwed. She clearly loves music and wants you to learn but learning is mainly what you do. This class you do not listen to music the whole time. Every class is a lecture. The tests are impossible if you don't study and even if you study, youre not guaranteed an A. Term paper at the end, 4 tests.
Super nice, I liked her. Class was very organized and posted all power points online. Probably would have gotten an A if I studied more and bought the book. She rambles a lot & her accent is thick, but she's very knowledgeable & passionate about music. Don't buy the CD, its online for free! Gives out study guides w/ everything you need for the test
no text book. weekly reading with summary posted on blackboard but those are easy even if you only skim them. very easy grader. relatively easy papers for final and midterm and a final presentation and paper. VERY easy honors seminar.
always liked her. easy to get along with and will always help. just a happy lady. class definitely wasn't hard, even interesting.
She's really nice, but the class itself is kind of boring. However, if you study even a little bit it's easy, so anyone in the honors college looking for an easy A in an honors class, this is it. There are two final projects, and her directions for them were a bit unclear.
Sweet lady. Her accent is a little difficult to understand, but if you're a music major at Towson, you won't be able to avoid taking this class. Split the cost of the $100+ CD set with a few classmates and don't wait til the last minute to do assignments.
she has an accent but shes really nice and trys to help. takes attendence so you have to go but you dont have to take notes b/c exams are straight from outlines that she puts online. get someone to burn the cds for you and listen to them.
it's an easy class just really boring
boring, can't understand her
Very difficult class, but the grading makes a lot more sense once you understand the curve. He's HILARIOUS, but jumps around a lot. And... the notes aren't exactly helpful to the tests. Sometimes I wondered why we even took half of them.
The tests are impossible to get anything better than a C on but he curves the class to the average at the end of the semester so if you keep in the upper part of the class you will be ok.
He is a good teacher just hope that you don't get your assignments graded by his TA Brett. You will receive 10 points less for the same work if he grades it. Other than that he is a nice man but he needs to 100% get a new TA.
He is a pretty good teacher. One has to keep up with his pace, and as long as one does reading and takes notes, he/she should do well. If you like history, or even have an interest in it, he is the guy for you. If you are taking this class because you have to, you might want to look someplace else.
Could be alot better if he went into more detail on the topics. Beginners may have a very difficult time understanding things like loops and arrays. In these cases using too many analogies and metaphors like he does will just confuse you. He is a funny guy and you can pay attention to what he is saying. He just doesnt say anything in great detail
Funny and makes class enjoyable but lessons are taught well
Not a big fan. Kinda too buddy buddy it seems. I wish he just taught more and didn't go on so many tangents. I could care less.
I dont like him - hes rude
He's very approachable and easy to get along with, but I found his class oftentimes very boring. His grading is so easy that it approaches the borderline to being unfair to him. His critiques are very helpful, though. I also wonder sometimes who or what he is staring at when he stares off into space...
BORING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A true teacher of English lit.
She knows her material completely off the top of her head, its really impressive. If you go to her class, and listen to her really well and take down as much as she says, you'll be fine. I recorded the lectures. Helped so much. Study cuz he tests can be tough. She gives u the exact paintings that are going to be on it. memorize titles and dates!!!!
architecture memorization made me, very friendly, no clear organization
More clear in the beginning, go to reviews, but gives study sheets, v. good
Nice lady but an extremely boring class even for a psych major. Tests were hard only because studying the material was so incredibly boring.
Every time I came to these classes my anxiety skyrocketed. I am type A, Simonian is not so much, she doesnt keep on topic!!!!;likes to discuss new movies and never gets through lectures on time.She's always hyped up.Lectures are the one's sent to her w/ book. I skipped the last 3 weeks of class,read chapters myself, made a B on final.
I have mixed feelings about this class. I loved Dr. Simonian, but the material was somewhat confussing and it was based more on applied info than the actual powerpoints or lectures. Tests were 50 MC questions, 1 paper, and comprehensive final. Helpful professor but more like a Bio class.
She is a great professor! She could be better. She is sweet and kind. Papers take a long time to get back, dont expect to get it back until the end of the semester.
Very interesting class, relies heavily on the textbook for test material. Very fun teacher, highly recommend.
Cares about students but is confusing w/ expectations
Laid back but effective
good conductor
This professor was by far the worst I've had. He is a nice enough guy, but when I come to class, I want a teacher, not a buddy that tries to glide me through a subject with silly analogies. If you want an easy class, take this. He mostly lets the students lead the class with distractions. If you want to learn something, find a more focused teacher.
She was very humorous, made lectures bearable to get through. Since I took psych in high school it was easy, but I did learn a lot more! Defiantly need to read, it helps when taking the tests. I thoroughly enjoyed her class. Moreover, hope to take another one of her classes soon.
Good professor, tried to use humor often, which helped. If you want to do well in her class, you have to read the book. Attended SI sessions which helped tremendously. Got and A in the class, but did the work to deserve it.
Tough class. DOn't take it lightly and you should be ok. Go to S.I. meetings and get help. Fun teacher, not really boring but gives a lot of info
She is a good teacher and is very knowledgeable of the subject. I got an A but only because I studied like crazy and didn't miss a single class. If you're going to take this class, prepare to stay up late studying! Interesting material though.
I thought she was a great teacher! i found her class really interesting and easy to pay attention to most days. She's easy to listen to and knows what she's talking about. Her tests are sort of hard, but not if you study and pay attention in class. If you're a decently good student you'll do fine. Final isn't cumulative
Tests are hard. There are only five so do not think you have room for error. Read the book and go to class. Expect to spend alot of your time reading.
The class its self is pretty hard, but if you go to class and read youll be fine. She is a nice lady, just DO NOT even think about cheating cause you will NOT get away with it!
yes she is hard and expects a lot out of you, but I learned a lot in that class and if you go to class everyday, read the book and really study for the tests you will be fine...but this is not an "easy A", you have to actually care
Do not take this class
Took this class and yes the exams were a little difficult. In my opinion if you go to class, take good notes, and study everyday then you will get an A. The SI's and chapter tests in the book were very helpfull. Everything on her tests are in her notes or in the book. Just Study!!
I took her and found out that instead of going to class just read the chapters and get the si worksheets from the instructor and you will be better off. Very boring lecture but if you learn from notes she gives you pretty much what is in the book with a little more explanation.
You have to go to class take good notes and read the book but she is a good teacher and tries hard to make the material interesting. I recommend her.
Good professor in lecture, but not very helpful outside of class. I thought she was very condescending. She has a genuine love for Psychology, and presents information clearly, but she has extremely difficult exams. You have to do a lot of reading (textbook) and studying outside of class to do well at all. She's not very understanding.
Tests are very hard.
Take this with someone else! very difficult!!!
I thought this class was simple: come to class, take notes, study, get a decent grade. It's hard to come to class every single day towards the end of the quarter because it's the same thing every day. experiments are simple.
She is a verry difficult teacher and her test are impossible. If you have her read the book and study class notes. But i would recomend not to talk her at all IMPOSSIBLE!
Not too bad. She likes to ramble on a lot, but you need to listen because she'll put a lot of unpredictable stuff on the test. The class isn't too hard, however, as long as you put forth some degree of effort. I don't care in the least about psych, and I've got a solid B in this class, but it could easily be better.
I pulled an A in the class but thats because i was fascinated in the subject. She does very little writing which i hated but does a good job verbally speaking. She will help if you ask her a questoin and "pester" her with it after class. But you can tell shes does not really want to help. Exams Hard really need to Read book and follow along in clas
She is a nice person and extremely interesting. I will admit her tests are very very hard. I do get a lot out of the class though. Make sure you know the book well, she doesnt go over that stuff and it will be on the test. If you really want to learn psych don't be intimidated by her ratings.
She is a nice lady and her lectures are fun and interesting, but her tests are HARD. Make sure you read EVERY part of the book and memorize your notes- that's the only way to get an A. It's a 101 class but don't take it with her unless you are ready to REALLY work.
Was hard and boring. Teacher was not very approachable for help. Get any teacher but her for 101.
I think she is a very intelligent and funny woman. She made the class interesting and used funny examples to help you relate to the subject. She is one of the best professors I've had.
I like her! She was very thorough with the notes and very clear..The tests were tricky though, even with studying! On a good note the final isn't cumulative and she's pretty funny.
Dr. Popovich's psych 101 class was difficult, but not impossible. I went to class most of the time and studied minimally for her exams and god a B. If you do the reading (actually read the text) and go to class, you should have some success in the class
Her class is easy if you actually attend.
She puts the extra in extraordinary.
boring, but not too hard. everything is pretty much out of book. not that bad of teacher, but i've had better. class wasn't that hard. i made a b pretty easily w/ min. studying. lectures and movies were just boring. it's sad that he has such an interesting subject and makes it so dull.
She teaches differently from the book and the problems she uses in the classes are quite simple. Her tests questions are all significantly more difficult than in-class problems, practice midterms, etc. Her tests are also super long and doesn't give enough time to finish.
She is knowledgeable and gives good practice midterms, however she does not give enough time for her tests. You have to compute your answer and keep going. There is no time for questioning you simply must put the answer or a guess and move on.
This class is easy compare to other econ classes. it's easier over the summer. i just took her and got an A-. she is very straightforward in lecture and all of her practice exam are similar to the actual midterm/final. she is fair and does not trick us like sanders did on the exams.
In 308 you work in a group to present a chapter. I don't have a problem with working in a group, but when other groups are presenting all the material, that's when I have a problem. She is a very nice teacher, just listen, be nice, and see her if you have questions, and you'll pass. Doesn't use Canvas, and seems to hand out final grades.
Professor Schwartz is a nice guy. The class content is very interesting but he can be a little difficult to listen to. He does have very detailed power points though so that helps a lot. He also posts them all on canvas. I personally never had to open my textbook as long as I payed attention in class.
Ok but lectures are straight out of the book and very boring. Also, her voice can be kind of annoying. Easy class though.
Professor Firlej was not very helpful and understanding when it came to technical problems I encountered while taking this class online. The overtone on her emails was also very unprofessional.
Can be very confusing at times and if you tie that in with the class being boring, you have a recipe for disaster. While he is not the worst professor at UL, he is surely not the best either. As a prof, I rate him with a C+.
A good teacher, but pushes you to learn and what ever grade you get out of this class will be well earned and not just given to you!
Relates ALL and i do mean ALL poetry to sex no matter what it is about... okay class, but the mid-term and final are both 300 pts., so if you mess up on either, you are DONE!!!
One of those people who disagrees with anything that is accepted. He's a complete jackass. Made me feel like**** when my ideas didn't coincide with his. However, when I got a C on my first paper, I went to him and he gave me A's on the rest. Full of messed up ideas and comments. Soooo wierd!!!
Nice professor, but he just didn't suit the way I learned. He was lecture heavy and the lectures were basically just definitions from the textbook and his own personal storytimes. Exams were both easy and hard even with studying (manageable though). Final is online. Really boring lectures so I suggest taking notes to keep yourself awake.
As long as you study for the exams and take good notes, you will do fine in the class. If you don't take good notes or don't come to class, then you won't pass. he gives you 8 extra credit points towards your final grade if you don't miss any classes, and 5 extra points if you miss one class, and 2 extra credit points if you miss two classes.
He is one of the best professors I've had at towson, he is so knowledgeable on his material and does expect some work from you. You get study guides for the exams that are basically just the power point outlines, but if you go to class and take detailed notes you will be fine. If you go in and talk to him during office hours he loves it
I'm in his Deviant Behavior class now and note taking is INTENSE. He talks way too fast and writes everything on the board. I'd like the class better if he used powerpoints instead of writing a bunch of jibberish on the board.
Pryor is a cool professor with a lot of stories, 3 exams 1 paper just do the study guide and all the reading
Nice, smart, total goofball. He gets distracted very easily. If today's lecture doesn't suit you it is easy to set him off on a tangent. Since his stories are entertaining, treat him like a cable box. Don't like the program? Change it! Challenge level is what you should expect if you're taking the class.
i took him for deviant behavior and his stories alone are worth it alone to show up to his class. He is a decent teacher, take decent notes and read a little bit and youll be fine. He is a bit odd though
Very hard tests. Must coome to class and get notes - must also read material. Does not teach from text. M/C questions can be tricky. Memorize names of people mentioned in class - will be on test in matching form!!!
Great to listen to, but hard tests.
To pass Discrete Math, simply memorize the proofs to his theorems that he writes on the board and you will ace his exams. He doesn't give homework, and the quizzes he gives are done together as a class so there's no way you can fail on those either. Funny guy too. Take this professor over Dr. Goode for Discrete Math. He's pretty okay.
Copy the board and study them and read the textbook. For people decent in math this course should be a piece of cake, otherwise study hard and see the tutor often. His jokes are dry, but I thought they were hilarious. Great guy.
A lot of unfair criticism here. Doesn't collect homework and emails you all his old exams so you can study them. Today's lecture was on definite integrals and the Fundemental Theorem of Calculus. Most people, myself included, were confused at the begining of class, but by the end I would estimate that 80% or more understood the concept.
he's fine.... no HW, no Attendance, no Quizes policy, and he gives you all the answers to the coming test the day before
gives no homework. only grades are tests. believes in saving paper so font is at 6 or 8 point. tells jokes and thanks you for volentering even if you did not. with limits choices are - infinity, 0+,0,0-,1-,1,1+, + infinity.
delightfully odd.funny in a dorky way. sweats a lot(check imprits on shirt).Wish he would collect and grade homework since i'ts the only way to make sure that students understand concepts. should focus less on labs.Test are very hard.A lot of proofs.Take him if u have excellent backgroung in math.
He has a dry sense of humor -- but you get used to it. He makes me laugh and he's not as bad as everyone says.
Actually made precalc challenging, puts all material on exams
A LOT of busy work!! The class itself was okay, interesting subjects, and the way the tests are done allows for improvement. Not a bad choice for a Gen Ed, but make sure to stay on top of all the little assignments.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS I DONT CARE WHAT YOUR ADVISOR TOLD YOU, THERE IS MATH AND A LOT OF BACKGROUND CHEMISTRY KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED TO DO WELL IN THIS CLASS!!!! I am a 4.0 student, however, I am an SBS major so I evidently don't have a lot of knowledge or experience in STEM. I have consistently received ~70s on all of the exams. this class is so hard
Very nice guy- but Justin is way too smart to be teaching a general chemistry class. His knowledge of the subject is just so far beyond the level you need for this class- during lecture he tends to go on tangents about advanced chemistry topics that don't help you for a test. Solid professor, but there are better options for Chem 111.
Very standard. Very flexible and understanding. Pretty solid, lectures did get boring after a little while
Justin knows chemistry like the back of his hand. His lectures are usually full of applications and demonstrations. Although those are helpful, you have to spend a lot of time in the textbook to really understand the material and get the OWLs done. You will struggle if you don't. He is pretty funny and cares about the success of students though.
Professor Fermann is a good and knowledgeable professor, but this class is just too much work for a gen Ed. However, I must say that I barely watched the lecture videos and somehow Im passing with an A. Navigating through the powerpoints was enough for me to make guesses. So I guess this class is doable, but I would look elsewhere for a PSgen Ed.
TBH I expected to fail, but he doesn't like to fail people. He's cool guy and he really wants you to succeed but this online school thing went HORRIBLY for this class. It was really hard to follow what was happening and OWL was infuriating (as per usual). As a non sciencey person I wanted to die. There r probs better options for the PS gen ed
Class for me was not great. Have not taken chem is a while and if you think this class is not chem heavy your gonna be surprised. Basically its what you learn in high school but applied into crafts which is confusing and not straightforward if you have no background in chem. if you want an easy class for gen ed take something else.
Good professor. If you have to take honors chemistry, definitely take Justin. Funny, tough tests, but if you prepare for them you will do well. Barely any written homework - all online. He wants you to get an A as much as you do.
I found the exams to be pretty hard.
Fermann is my favorite teacher, always there if you need help, whether with his class or anything you need in general. The class is difficult, but he is there to help if you are willing to put in the effort. 8am class is pretty brutal, but he makes it a lot easier to deal with. Highly recommend him for this course.
This class was difficult. It actually requires you to study and read the chapters. if you are going to take this class, make sure to do well on the exams!
Rly smart/nice guy! Rly tough class do, not take unless you need to/love chem. Lectures are scattered, he doesn't rly follow the book. Tests are hard, but doing book problems / taking good notes helped. The tests are not based on the owls. Really wanted everyone to do well+graded fairly. Go to class+put in effort and you'll do fine. 8am was a strug
Fermann was a very good teacher. He kept class interesting and engaged students. Very likable and approachable. Homework is not much and easy. Pyramid tests focus mostly on concepts, not as many calculations. SI Sessions were VERY helpful if explaining material. Class notes lack some structure. Looking forward to his 122H course next semester.
very hard class. do not take unless you are very passioante about chemistry. that being said, he is a really nice guy and will help alot if you go to office hours.. very fair/ generous grader
A conceptual teacher and far different than my Chem 111 teacher. Sometimes you'll spend 20 minutes on one seemingly trivial problem and learn a lot about chemistry. Those who are intuitively good with chemistry will fair the best. Very fair grader and his tests are fair as well. The class flies by, so obviously I'm enjoying it. Recommended!
Honestly chemistry is chemistry and it sucks either way. I think Fermann is good he can just get really theoretical sometime. I liked the pyramid style and he can be funny in class sometimes. I would take he's class!
He is a very hard professor but is willing to help you if you go to office hours. I am terrible at chem but he managed to help me through it. Nice guy with a good sense of humor. If you do well in lab and do all the prs and owls you'll do fine.
This guy is amazing! I have to say, I hated chemistry before and I hate it now, but if you seek his help he will be more than happy to help you. He's hilarious in class, but his exams are hard as hell and you better know your stuff. An 85 is an A but it's still hard to get there. Go to class, do your OWLs, and study! I love him!
GO TO CLASS!! very nice, helpful, enthusiastic proffessor. but sometimes a little un-clear and gives alot of un-needed info, so its alot to handle at once. and he moves at a fast pace. owl homework is not always the same as his exams. exams are tricky, and puts complicated probs on them. and PURCHASE the book, dont rely on the ebook
class can be very tough!
His tests are really hard, he even said he wanted to be tricky, but he's so unbelievably intelligent, helpful, and funny. The final was a breeze. Easy to get a good grade if you show you want to put an effort in: curves.
i didn't like him at all, i thought he was hard and nerdy
He reads directly off his slides and posts them on blackboard to make fore easy access. During class he will mention specific things that are on each test. He posts old exams and study guides which are really helpful. The only downside is there are only 3 test and the final, so you have to do well on each one to get a good grade in the class.
Kelley is a very nice man. Lectures can tend to be boring, but everything is straightforward enough to earn a good grade in the end!
Beaches&Coasts: Hard class, did not scale tests correctly as promised, not very nice attitude, disregards questions, tests very hard and did not reflect course materials, should not be a 100 level class, confusing, no direction is what was important to remember for the tests, no extra credit or course work offered-entire grade depends on 3 tests.
Joe is a great guy. The tests weren't so much "hard" as they were "hard to study for." There are no study guides, just previous years' exams, so you have to do a lot of memorization of terms, and there is a lot of material. The tests are set up half multiple choice and half fill in the blank, so the fill ins are what kills you. Go to class!!!
She isnt the best classroom teacher, but if you go to her office hours, shes almost a totally different professor. Also, if you do the sample exams and go over it with her, it will make ALL the difference in the world
Her class was EXTREMELY boring, and kinda hard too.
Dr. Carrol is a great lecturer and she's always willing to help, but this class is really tough. The text book is her own writing and its pretty clear cut, but the readings for the class are written by professionals and are not easy to understand.
DO NOT.. AGAIN DO NOT take this class. 1. Prof. Carroll is a horrible teacher. She is confusing and everything that she lectures on is irrelevant to what is on the exams!!! 2. Make sure you go to class or prepare to fail or drop. AVOID HER!
Really nice guy and has tons of great career advice. As a professor, his 4:30-7 timeslot isn't in his favor and most of the students aren't paying attention. The best strategy is to study the practice exams, even if you don't go to class. Easy to get a B or C.
I like Lamdin...he knows his stuff...you can't afford to slack in his class...but if you follow his past exams and stuff...you should be ok...I learned at alot...thats something I can't say for all professors...:(
Though Prof. Sinha may not be the most clear in his discussions, they are readily understandable if you simply ATTEMPT to understand them. Everyone complaining probably showed up to class once and didn't listen while there. If you actually follow along with his lectures, Prof. Sinha is a pretty solid teacher. He is also super relaxed in class.
he's got a great sense of humor, very fun.
Tests were extremely hard for me, though I guess I could have studied a bit harder. Assignments were super fun and really helped you apply course material! Prof is also hilarious and a great lecturer!
Such an awesome class! No tests, just assignments. The assignments take a fair amount of work. Favourite prof at UW!!! This course fits his personality perfectly!
Great at giving lectures, really eccentric and off the wall. Shows a few movies, not for fun, everything he does is meaningful to the course.
Great prof to listen to. Has a bit of an Ego, but answers questions when you ask him. Hard on marks, and expects students to go to all of his classes and read the assigned material( it all will be on the test) Don't take that class just for fun or easy marks. Readings fairly boring, but lectures are fun.
Great prof to listen to. Has a bit of an Ego, but answers questions when you ask him. Hard on marks, and expects students to go to all of his classes and read the assigned material( it all will be on the test) Don't take that class just for fun or easy marks. Readings fairly boring, but lectures are fun.
I graduated with a Psych degree in '07, but coming back to upgrade my degree. Can't wait to take classes with Burris again.
I love this man! he's like the ultimate prof....one of my top 3 favorite teachers of all time!
awesome
Definitely one of my favorite professors throughout the three years I have been at Waterloo. His tests are very hard but they make you think. All multiple choice because of the size of the classes taught but if you study and go to class you should get a decent mark. I plan to take many more "Burris" classes!
I wish there are more profs who can teach and lecture like Burris - I actually WANT to go to class! I took 3 of his psych courses & even though the marks werent high, I wouldnt trade them for anything because I learned so much. Prof Burris, if you ever read this, please know that you're a GREAT prof because you made your students WANT to learn!
Didnt get a particulary good mark for this course, but I enjoyed every bit of it anyway because Burris was so entertaining AND I learned a lot too! If it wasnt for this course, I dont think I would choose psychology as my major.
A professor with kick. You'll keep going back for more.
He was an awesome prof! However, his tests were extremely confusing, although I did enjoy the hick names he used! You walk out thinking you did well and when you see your test mark it is NEVER what you thought you would get.Although he is funny as hell! Be prepared to work!!!
Spontaneous and fun teaching style - but as everyone else has said, very challenging tests.
Great lectures, really bad tests! Watch out, and hit the bo0ks!
The lectures for this class are really interesting because Burris uses a lot of cool/funny anecdotes. However, I hated reading the text. The info was so dense; it seemed like there were 20 examples for every one point. Overall, good course.
I laughed my head off during his course. Great sense of humour. Tests were absolute murder though and should be for Med students in Grad school, not a 1st year level course. No matter how much I studied, I didn't do very well on the tests.
Has some very interesting lectures which are ususally easy to stay awake in and listen to. tests are terrible though. I stongly suggest recording this mans lectures if you want a high mark in this course (read the text as well)
great guy, excellent speaker, makes classes really interesting, tests are difficult and hard to study for. Multiple choice is not easy!
Tests were extremely difficult but the classes were super fun.
Very good sense of humour, but sometimes he goes overboard. Tests are murder, especially the stuff about the central nervous system.
Everyone thinks that he is soooo funny but I disagree, he is a fake and is cocky
odd but funny, i think he's pretending to be NICE ... but turst me, he's not
Very entertaining
Weird.Strange.Interesting! :)
Very animated & hilarious!
the mullet man is a marvel
Professor Schneider is an English literature veteran. As a result, he introduces well known works of literature by some of the most famous authors like E.E Cummings, Dylan Thomas, Sharon Olds, and Gary Soto. Furthermore, students receive e-mail's about college events, which are helpful reminders about campus life at American River College.
Though grader, I missed class like twice and he took off 50 points from my grade. I ended up with a C instead of a B+. I Wouldn't take his class again. C's get you degrees! right?
He is a good professor, no doubt and very sweet. Do the assignments! If you're a student who has trouble with grammar, punctuation, needing help with revision etc.. Make sure you know it before you take this class! He is big on those and you will lose lots of points if you don't fix those on your papers!
Good teacher. Loves grammer, so know it. He really does help you if you ask him for it. Very soft spoken. He has a very soothing voice, and I had a hard time staying awake sometimes. No comma splice. =)
Be prepared to work.
I asked once if anyone had an A in his class. He said no. Here's why. No matter how many times I proofread a paper (or a few family members, 1 who took Composition) did, it still came out a C. He did pre-grade my final for me and allow me to do it over, though. Also, his humor is fine but dumb. As a person, he's ok, but as a professor, no.
Stay clear of this professor, he's a disgrace to teachers every where. Teachers work hard to make sure students learn the material, but this guy is in the teaching profession for only a paycheck. He talks about himself and family too much, and does not teach what we need to know for tests.
Coberly definitely strays off-topic too much. His tests are hard but mostly from the textbook. Just listen and write down what he says.
He is a very hard teacher. NO ONE makes an A!!! I recommend another teacher for English.
take notes, read and do all assignments and you will do ok
Not so easy, but not impossible
Not a real exciting course but no major complaints about the class. Seems to prefer apple-polishing, though.
organize your notes-answer questions with because-dont be late!
Well really this class was boring!
Easyiest class I've had in my life. Never studied, just payed attention to in class discussion and maybe took a note or two. Lectures were kept interesting with his personal stories that relate to each topic of discussion. Cracked up laughing with a couple of them.
Hard intro course! SHouldn't be this hard! He told business major probably not be successful in this type of course! Expects too much for intro course. Maybe ok if you are music major!!!!!
He gives amazing lectures, my only issue is that his tests are very memorization heavy. To be fair, he gives the study question bank where all the test questions are drawn from at the beginning of the semester, but it's something to keep in mind if you're bad at memorizing and your grade is only made up of 2 midterms and one final cumulative exam.
Read and memorize, memorize, old school style, no thinking required. what is there really to learn when all you do is by rote memorization for the exams
Very entertaining? There are very serious issues to discuss, but a buffoon approach is a little dated...time to grow up, I thought this was higher education, not h.s, p.s. If you want to known as a clown Proff, pls tell us before add/drop.
Although funny he spends way too much time telling stories that are just plain stupuid and don't even relate to the class His midterms were easy but that was only achieved my memorizing over a 100 pages of his notes What's worse is that he hand writes his notes and has the writing of a child Funny just doesn't he should want his student to succeed
Yells at students Makes fun of students Tells inappropriate jokes Wastes class time with IRRELEVANT stories Regardless of whether he is entertaining Wil Holden SHOULD NOT be teaching He is disrespectful!! Easy tests though- I never go and have a 80%!
He was really mean to me once for asking a simple question.Hate him for that
I agree with the previous comment. Dr. O'Neill's classes are easy. He grades well. Recommend
Easy test if you just study the slides provided. There is no need to goto class unless you need a place to sleep. Other than an easy class with little effort, I would not take this professor again.
Fell asleep more than once.
Doug is an extremly groovy teacher and is always joking around.
Weekly quizzes were difficult. Excellent presentation skills. He made learning about insects fun.
He was a great instructor and I enjoyed going to his class. However, no matter what he says, DON'T do final only!!!
He's funny but I could've done without the bug boxers at the end of the semester.
Took this class as the cross listed AGRY 125. Dunning was very laid back and not powerpoint heavy. His material was easy. His exams are quite annoying, he has trick questions on all 50 questions. It is just not a productive way to take an exam. Iclickers count for attendance so go to class.
Honestly one of the worst classes I've taken at Purdue - and I found the majority of the topics to be pretty interesting. This semester (Fall 15) they remodeled the class and now three classes are together (FNR 103, AGRY 290 and one other). DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Each section is completely unrelated to before and requires a lot of reading.
he's a nice guy, and he knows that even after 10 weeks no one still understands what semiotics is. more than willing to help us out, but very opinionated.
Goes on rants but they are interesting. Everything on a test or quiz is mentioned in class so reading is optional though typically interesting to at least scan.
Very easy class, however, the lectures were definitely a bore. Rauh goes off on tangents and I easily got lost and had a hard time remembering what we were actually talking about. I learned everything by reading the online book, that's all you really need to do. Went to class just for the extra credit points..taking notes did not help.
He makes it so you can succeed in his class even if you do not do extremely well on the exams. Material can be somewhat dry if you aren't a huge history buff, but he made this class worth going to by giving extra credit to those who show up. If you go to class and do the little bit of studying needed it should be an A no problem. Highly recommend!
Awesome Teacher! Awesome CLASS!
He is a pretty easy teacher if you just do what you are supposed to do.
He's good at providing context for our translating. But since he isn't primarily a Latin professor, he gets confused sometimes, like an engineer trying to teach a math course.
Extremely difficult and unapproachable. Dresses very snappy, though, so that's a plus.
not fun!
Very intelligent woman. She is a tough cookie, and expects a lot of her students. Have not yet had an exam, but am assuming it will be quite difficult considering the immense amount of information gone over in class. Frankly, she frightens me!
i'm normally an "A" student, but i barely crept out of her class with a C-. tough, tough, tough class. i don't know if some of these other people are talking about the same instructor! she also favors grad students.
She seems a bit stiff at first but frankly, this woman knows her stuff. She is clearly passionate about art and seems to enjoy when discussions get good and clearly is annoyed with silly comments in-class. I learned a lot from her.
One of my favorite professors. Read the textbook and participate in class. He plays favorites sometimes. It's an interesting class, overall.
Decent professor. Reading is a bit annoying at first but you get used to it after a while. Quizzes are due before every class and should be fairly easy if you've done the reading; only 10 multiple choice questions. You will have to do a bit of studying for the tests. All in all, he definitely knows his subject well and is pretty straightforward.
Decent professor. The reading will be a bit annoying but you get used to it after a while. Quizzes are due before every class and they're pretty straightforward if you've done the reading; only 10 multiple choice questions. He knows his subject well and is pretty fair with everything. Definitely have to do a bit of studying for the tests.
Easy teacher if you know how to scheme. All of his homework quiz answers can be found online. You never have to read unless you like to do things the hard way. His essays are easy as long as you write what you want him to write. If you know how to work around things, hes an easy B and if your really good, an A.
tons of reading
Good professor, knows the topic well. Have to read a chapter before each class and do a 10 question take home quiz(20%), then he teaches on the chapter.Seven in class pop quizzes(20$). midterm take home essay (20%) and final take home essay (25%), class participation(15%) Take home quizzes are easy, and in class quizzes are copy of take homes.
Hard grader. There is homework for every class, but it's nothing ridiculous. The essays are a little confusing. Class was interesting, with a lot information covered. Dude really knows his stuff.
Have to read each chapter and take an online quizz (before each class!!)For the papers all you have to do is pay attention in class,plus he takes attendance every time.Very interesting class
seriously im very disappointed
Great teacher. Really knows what hes talking about with EVERYTHING but can kind of ramble here and there which would make you bored if you aren't interested in history. Other than that his class is easy with a few quizes at the end of class and 7 papers. Easy B, if not higher.
You gonna learn a lot in his class. BUT, ur chances of getting killed today are greater than getting an A/-A in his class. I spent 70% of my hw time reading the ****ing book. for quizes u must know every ****ing little detail. midterm and final r not hard if u know all the stuff perfectly. My suggestion: find another prof. But hes a awesome as a pe
well, his class would be much better without his hardcore test and quizs. one hint is do not bull crap in ur essays, he wants the specific answer he asked for, just plain and simple.....by the way his chest hairs are scary.
pop quizzes and five out of six will be counted toward your final grade so stay awake in the class and listen to him. His midterm was graded by helper which i believe a lot of people get Cs, but the final he will grade by himself, and also if you wanna get A, DO THE EXTRA CREDIT, thats how i got A with a B on midterm. overall, RECOMMENDED!
Great professor. Class gets boring at times but that comes with the territory. Walking history book is what he is. Tough but fair. Self deprecating humor helps keep the class from being too boring.I know you will read this Herr Heinrich. Ich bin Kinderstudel! Du bist das Menschlichgeschichtslehrbuch!
Spring 07. Pop quizzes are definitely not my thing (based on the lectures where you tend to fall asleep in). Specifically stated in his syllabus is that your grade will be lowered if he catches you dozing off. There is a lot of reading to do. As for exams, its one midterm and one final. There is also one paper where you have to submit it online.
Prof is okay. Not all that, He messed up my grade at the end of the semester by giving me a D. He changed it only to a B- but i know I would get more than that. He doesn't really seem to care about students much but his lectures are okay.Gives 6 pop quizzes so you should read before class.
It was a so-so class for me. The way the class was presented made it seemed like the omnipotent US was all the world and made Americans look conceited and complacent. The class is quite similar to classes in Asia where students have to memorize a lot of facts and have few discussion on the matters, making the subject dry and uninteresting.
the class is really straighfoward. Exactly what you would expect of a college history course. Heinrich is clear. However, he is not too helpful outside of class, emailing him is useless because he doesnt respond. He is a strict grader, but if you put in a good effort, a decent grade is attainable. Alot of reading from the text, but managable.
I liked this course. But the grade was unexpectedly low. He did not respond students e-mails.
Very well-educated, but can get difficult, especially if you fall behind on the readings (i learned this the hard way!). He is boring...but do not fall asleep b/c he WILL wake you up w/o hesitation. Besides, he'll give you a pop quiz at the end of class, just to check if you were paying attention. These quizzes count for 40%, so don't slack.
Strict teacher, enter this class by a huge mistake. I don't like him this much. I hope I can pass his class at least.
this guy really knows what he is talking about..but the pop quizzes are so hard..they ask for so much detail..read..read..read....hes cool though..wants you to participate
Class is SO INTERESTING!! I hated history, but took it as an elective. But, he is so knowledgeable, and loved the way he taught. BUT, TESTS ARE SOOO HARD! All essays. You really have to study, but book that he used was really interesting. Should take if you want to learn, but not an easy at AT ALL!
the class itself is interesting but is it possible that he actually knows too much info?? the class is pretty boring if your not interested in history and his accent can be a little annoying at times.
Easy course... a little boring at times.
Lectures are very boring, but tests and quizzes are pretty easy. Attendance isn't mandatory but you miss a lot when you don't go because a lot of the stuff on the quizzes is stuff she covered in class, not from the book. Stutters a lot, which can be very irritating, but she's really nice and I would recommend her.
prof sealock is okay. she has quizes midterm and final. reads from power pt but likes class discussion. online crime chat thing. you should post on for particpation grade. sometimes i think her quizes/ test are challenging even if i study. no book readings but some info could be on tests/quizes. overall a good class
If you love Criminal Justice, you'll do fine. But if its not your major I'd say avoid taking it with her, a bit dull. Quizzes are hard! She loves comparison charts, yet doesn't write all the info on the board that she asks for on the quiz, so you HAVE to pay attention to what she says. Also, barely any material from book, waste of $.
Intro to Cj.. Loooves to hear herself talk,she could be an actress.. strange way of lecturing, dont take at night, randomly calls on people, easy quizes, sign in attendence. okay class
shes got more life stories than mother theresa. not bad, try not to take the three hour class, it'll put you to sleep
nice lady, hard tests
Nice man and helpful if you ask questions, but pretty boring. Difficult to pay attention. He gives you two points every day you're in class on time, but no penalty for not being there besides being completely lost with the subject. Tests are hard but he provides plenty of opportunities for extra points.
Very nice man. Like a grandfather type. The math parts of his exams are easy it's the concept questions that are harder. Bad at communications. Very patient-especially w/the whinning sorority princesses that want everything handed to them.
Look, he's fine. He's a nice guy, and genuinely cares about his students. But his assignment descriptions are unclear, he rambles so much, and it's just a rather boring class. If you ask a question, it can derail class for 10min because he's just a wordy person. Great guy, I wouldn't want him for anything other than career prep tho.
his lectures aren't bad. ask him to post his *.ppts in the class conference. he pretty much tells you what he tests on, and multiplies the homework grade by 1.17. he leaves a lot of math out because you've got to in optics. else it's just a lot of stupid integrals. the book has all the math you need anyway.
Professor Ries is a great professor. She's always willing to help and is very encouraging. You definitely have to put effort into the class, but if you do the readings and put a little time into the weekly journals, you'll do well. A bonus is no midterm and an essay for the final.
by far my favorite professor at colgate. made even the dullest material interesting. very flexible about assignments, easy grader if you come to class and do the work. she appreciates creativity
OK teacher. The exams were a little on the tough side, but not if you study hard.
This class was very tough, but nothing is impossible. Please be sure to find the right partner for the projects as they are important relating to the exams. Her tests are all written and not that easy. So make a good cheat sheets for them. Overall, a hard class with a lot of work. But if you put in the right amount of time then you will be fine.
Instructor with high expectations of students. Expects that you will prepare prior to her class. Critical, but fair. Gives you plenty of opportunities to get good grades.
OK teacher, but she grades HARSHLY. Tests are somewhat straight forward (consists of both mult choice and written). Allows 2 pgs of handwritten note sheets for tests. Can be rude to students and gets aggravated if students late for class.
She is a tough grader on access and excel. Just pay attention and dont dip out early and should do fine. Tests are straight from the book no need for paying attention in class. Her laugh is rediculous. You will get lots of enjoyment from this noise. HAAAAAA. lmfao
Her class is fine, practical. She's clear about what she wants.
Dr. Jordan is an extremely intelligent person. That being said, his class is not an easy A. Go to class. You'll fail otherwise. Look at his PowerPoints online BEFORE class to get easy points for his daily iClicker quizzes. His tests use a typewriter font that's distracting. The final was HARD. But, he explains things well. He doesn't use the book.
Dr. Jordan is a good guy & his lectures aren't to bad. His final was ridiculous it was really hard and it was not formatted like any normal final, he wrote it in that 'type writer' font & trust me its sounds like no big deal but it throws you way off. But I will say he does help you out and gives buffers. I would take him again. Beware of the final
This was a hybrid course, so it was beyond long of a lecture when we had to meet, and he just talks the whole time. He pops up with iClicker questions throughout the lecture - sometimes. One thing I really didn't like was that he was always posting things on Blackboard, but he never made it clear exactly what to do with some of the material.
His tests are close to impossible if you do not regularly attend class. Reading the book does not help, and even though he posts powerpoints on blackboard, you wont understand them unless you go to class. He uses iclicker almost every day. If you pay attention in class, especially his stories, you will be fine.
Dr. Jordan is a very nice guy and very interested in what his students are doing and how they're doing with the material. His lectures were fairly interesting; he tells a lot of cool stories (which ALWAYS show up on exams). Tests weren't difficult. Take notes, study, and you'll be fine.
Yes he gives you a study guide. 50% of that will be on your test. Don't pay attention to his syllabus with what's going to be on the tests...it's usually wrong. Show up to class every time and get an iclicker ASAP. He's really interesting to listen to but he's not very organized which makes it tough to study for tests. He's OK not great.
Jordan is a good teacher and knows what his talking about but he gets off topic ALOT and the tests are the type that there is a correct answer but a more correct answer. One test was over 11 chapters b.c he lost track of time and fell way behind. And told us the weekend before to read and teach 7 ch.s. Taking him at 8 am doesn't help either....
Jordan is a good teacher with a lot of knowledge interesting to the average bio major. His tests are tricky but if you study the reviews you should pass. Go to class because the lectures are very helpful.
Jordan's lectures are a bit unclear, but cool. He speaks softly, so sit close. It is not impossible to get an A, but make sure you know EVERYTHING on the notes. Notes are more important than the book, as he pulls a lot of misc. questions out for the test that have nothing to do with the reading. Curves are huge on the tests, so just work hard!
This class was boring, but the professor tried to make it as interesting as possible. We watched alot of videos and he put questions abt the video on the tests. So basically if you attend the class you will do fine. Plus read the book and look @ the cd!
Likes to give tricky tests. Do not take him unless your a very dedicated science major.
Test are easy if you have an old exam. If you do not have any old exams i would not take him. test are all 90% T/F. Go to class for final exam material so you know what he is talking about. Got an A, but last exam kinda rough.
avoided him at all costs. BEWARE!
Very intellegent guy, the downside, his tests are random and include 6-7 chapters most of which you wont know whats going to be on the tests. His study guilds are random and contradicting. Really cool guy, But this class is pretty hard.
Average class based on difficulty--Overall, you do the sample exam questions in the back of the supplement. All the exam questions come from there.It's mainly T/F (70Q). The lectures were somewhat boring but manageable. Truthfully, you need the old exams b/c I did many questions on my own and it's very tricky--ended up getting many wrong.
He was nice, I'm sorry to say that I learned absolutley nothing in this class. The only reason that I passed was because if the Si, and the fact that the teat quesstions are the same questions in the review, and are from the end of each chapter. He has like 6 chapters on each exam, so be ready. Make sure that you read the chapter b4 class, it helps
If you are a Non-Bio major,lazy or both,do not take Jordan. Tests are not as hard as people say. He has sample exam study questions which are the exact same questions on the test! But he does not like to just give out the answers, he wants you to think for yourself(DUH!). He is very approachable and helpful. Very smart man and good professor.
Pretty cool guy. Tests range from moderately difficult to extremely hard. He curves well though, and making an A is feasible.
The man is VERY intelligent and knows what he's talking about. Exams are kind of random, so going to class and heavy reading is required to grasp all the material. That being said, I learned more from this professor than any other bio teacher I've had. He's good, but be prepared to put in a lot of work for an A.
Very Nice Guy - sometimes funny, but also boring and sometimes irrelevant lectures. It's hard to gauge test material. You need to do more than show up for lecture and listen to do well. (READ book word for word). If you want an A without having your face planted in a book all semester -try another prof.
He's pretty sexy for an older man... okay, so his class is extremely hard, perfect for Premeds though, non bio majors do not take him... you have to know everything, pretty much it, study all of it and go further my researching and reading about different topics related!
he's sorta hard, you have to study a whole lotta! he's also kind of cute for an older guy.. and he's funny... do the questions he gives you, they'll be on the test...
Very interesting teacher and interesting lectures. Tests are very long and hard but he does give you a book of sample questions and curved grading which helps. He has these funny little quirks about him which are rather amusing, and he looks like George Bush. I'd recommend him for Bio majors though.
He is pretty interesting. Going to class is helpful, his test arent to hard. If you know the material.
Kinda crazy, really funny. Read the book, buy his guide, don't take notes, it's not on the test. He's a pretty good professor.
He's very nice and well-intentioned and makes an effort to talk with students before each lecture. But I studied the text and my notes religiously and still never got above a B on the exams. The class is only out of 600 points so there is VERY little room for error. sometimes his lectures are arbitrary and completely worthless and lab is boring..
I enjoyed his personality, which is a given- even when you see him you want to laugh. However, I felt that his test were taken out of the blue- I left each one thinking I did much better than I had. I studied a ton, but something was just odd about the testing and my grade!
I enjoyed his personality, which is a given- even when you see him you want to laugh. However, I felt that his test were taken out of the blue- I left each one thinking I did much better than I had. I studied a ton, but some was just odd about the testing and my grade!
Professor Porter is very good at what he does. You can tell that he cares about the material that he is teaching and enjoys his job. However, I have a feeling that Prof. Porter is not very student oriented. he seemed to have gotten to know very few kids in the class and I felt he could have a had a more personal touch to his class
You have to do well on the online assignments. If you do, then it's an easy A. Plus, you can keep submitting them until you get 100% so make sure you do that because the tests are pretty hard. Brent is kinda dull but he's really nice and cares a lot about his students. Also, he gives out a lot of curves and extra credit, which is really nice.
SAGrader should be your main concern throughout this class. He posts his powerpoints online so you do not really have to go to lectures. He takes attendance for participation points, but he tells you on the first day that he provides extra credit to make up for a student choosing not to come to class.
Lots of pointless homework. Three tests which are not bad if you study the material. Clicker questions are like the tests. A lot of the tests have specific knit picky questions which is annoying. SA grader is used and are annoying, but actually made me read the book and learn the material. Not a fan of Ed, he is boring and rude. A lot of EC though.
Very boring lectures but have clicker points, easy assignments that are on SAGrader, easy A if you go to class and study for your exams
Easy to get an A because homework has unlimited attempts and offers up to 5% extra credit. His lectures are really long and boring and he is very monotone and boring as well. I would recommend taking it with a different professor, his tests are actually more challenging than expected for a 1000 level course.
The lectures could be extremely boring on one day, and very interesting on another day, it honestly varied. He's pretty entertaining sometimes, he's a very nice guy and will help you if you reach out to him. I went to class about 60% of the time and still got an A. I barely used the textbook, he puts everything online.
The material in his class was really interesting and the commentaries on each chapter were straight to the point and relatable. The essays were pretty easy for a writing intensive class since you can revise them as many times as you want. Be warned, the midterm is excessively hard!!! Make sure you know exactly what you are talking about.
come to class for clicker points. Online assignment on SA Grader can be confusing especially the case studies. But if you do your best on those and get at least a C on the tests you'll pass with an A.
lecureare boing, he reads straight off the powerpoint, which corenspondes with exactly what the book said since he wrote it. SAGraders are easy and give you multiple attempts until you get 100% or desired grade. 4 exams and clickers points.
The SA Grader assignments were somewhat easy (and you get unlimited attempts to boost your grade), but they pretty much required you to copy straight out of the book for the program to recognize it as a valid answer. Pretty nice guy, pretty easy class if you do the work and pay attention to the lectures.
BORING BORING CLASS. I've never been so bored in my life. Used a program called essay grader which is horrible. Used clickers which were almost as horrible as the computer program that grades your essays. DON'T take this professor for Intro to Sociology.
Very boring class. Professor only reads the powerpoint, which is on blackboard, to you and attendance is graded. The online homework can be frustrating, but easy because you get an unlimited number of submissions. Tests are relatively hard. Homework is majority of grade, though. Don't recommend the class, especially with this teacher.
Easiest Sociology class at Mizzou!.. Yea it's boring but just show up to class with your clicker and you can Facebook all day. Homework is 60% of the grade and its all online.. super easy!!!
All of the lecture notes are online and he NEVER deviates from the slides. A ridiculously easy A, you have unlimited submissions on SA Grader assignments which are 60% of your grade. Despite how easy this course is I would not recommend taking it... Brent is a great guy and clearly knows his stuff, but skip this class and take an upper level...
Lecture was really boring. He pretty much just reads you the power point, but you have to go to class since he takes attendance with clickers. His Exams are scantron and weekly assignments are graded by SA grader, a computer program. (SA grader sucks!) He doesn't do****. Everything is graded by a computer. Basically I didn't like him much.
Take attendance with clickers. I read magazines during class since i had to be there. Posts exact notes online. Homework but not to hard once you figure out SAGrader system. Don't plagerize use "According to the text..." Text is online you have to buy this (no book from book store) Test were difficult but are slightly curved. Do the extra credit!
Lectures are reallyh boring! He posts the notes on webct and thats exactly the lecture. Takes attendance points with 'clickers'. Uses SA Grader to grade assignments although there not too hard once you figure out the SA Grader system. In my lab we student taught a chapter as well as attendance points. He test was very difficult for me! However the
He's fine. I didn't do well but that wasn't his fault. The class he teaches is just so boreing. The book sucked! I never went to class.
Boring lectures, yes, but he is so nice.
Listen. If you want to pass his class just record his lectures and listen back to them. Go over and review your notes while you listen back. You'll have everything you need if you do this because he plays all the songs for us in class and he talks about them afterwards.
Dr. Budds is a very interesting man. He has good jokes and is very knowledgeable. Lectures are long but interesting and tests are pretty easy as long as you STUDY THE MUSIC.
People complain that he is challenging. The truth is, that if you show up to every lecture, take good notes, and study you will get at least a C. I ended up with a B- and worked hard for it. It made me a better student because of it. If you don't want to work, don't take any of his classes. But if you are up for a challenge, go for it.
I totally went in to this class thinking it was going to be a fun humanities course. WRONG. Though, I did learn a lot Dr. Budds' tests were unreasonably hard. Plus extremely long for only 50 minutes. If you don't want you GPA lowered (like mine)--don't take this class.
Oh Budds...most unique, dedicated, UNREASONABLE, funny teacher I have ever met. I had an emergency and missed his video, thought he was gonna fail me as he threatened...(what the F***), but he didn't. Yeah don't take jazz, pop, rock...He doesn't want you to because you're dumber than he is...still I laughed alot (at him or bc. of him; not sure).
Budds is quite the pretentious and eccentric bloke. He stands out side puffing his guai looking somewhat irritated that he is providing his expertice to these college students. He assumes that everyone in the class listens to rap music and despises any artwork that is slow. He teaches like he's sorry for us contemporary folk, but Budds is smart.
I was in his Jazz, Pop and Rock class. He is the most entertaining person to watch lecture. He is SO passionate about what he is teaching and he seems to know everything about the subjects. I really enjoyed his teaching and would recommend him to anyone! However, this is not a blow off class. The tests are very difficult.
"Committed" comes to mind when thinking of this portly, arrogant Randy Newman look-alike. It describes his dedication to his profession and also what his status should be in a mental institution. For as sick as he is (he once taped a lecture to video instead of entrusting it to the TA) he is smar
I liked this class, but the material really was hard. It was obvious that he was very passionate about Music, and I really liked that. But it isn't a really easy class, you definitley have to go to the lectures and study hard for the tests.
i learned a lot in his class but his tests were SOOOOOOO HARD!!!!!!!!!! he's funny in class which makes you think he's gonna be funny in person but... no. i enjoyed going to class though
He wants you to get a good grade, so he is there to help. However, your grade is based on homework and quizzes (which are weighed like tests). You fail one quiz and your grade will drop significantly. Dr. Ries is laidback and knows how to push info out to students electronically. If you are taking the "in-person" section, he doesn't require you go.
He's pretty much there just to get you out with a passing grade. The system he uses for homework and quizzes is weird but they are pretty easy until the end where you will have to work just a little bit harder than what you were doing before which is most likely nothings. His lectures are super boring just watch the lecture at home or read the book
Professor Ries was a good teacher, but didn't have the best personality. He was rude to students for their internet going out during a test and needing to retake it. Elementary-level math course for me. If you watch the lectures and did the online homework, you'll be fine. Barely used my textbook. Drops the lowest test score and two lowest homework
Pretty standard stats professor. Not great, not bad.
I've sucked at math, but I've thoroughly enjoyed Ries' stats class. However, it's a very dangerous class in the grading sense. Three exams (60% of your grade), one cumulative final (30% of your grade), and the homework (10% in total) make up your total grade. You cannot afford to do poorly on the exams. It's an easy class, but you need to study it.
Class is almost exclusively online, so you don't even have to go to class. I went to the first week of lectures and never went again, and I got an A. Study for the exams, and take the practice tests so you know the format. He's very vocal about office hours and meeting with him for questions.
Professor Ries talks really slow, so I recommend skipping class and watching Tegrity. The homework and quizzes aren't hard, and with the provided formula sheets the exams are pretty easy. My only complaint is he wasn't very friendly or approachable. Attendance only counts in discussion section if it will help your grade. Don't buy the textbook!
You legit don't have yo go to class, just discussion. He posts everything online. Make sure to study with friends and do your best on tests. Easy B and most people will get a B+ in the class. Larry is really weird and may come off as rude, but he's very fair.
So let me preface this by saying I never once meet Larry. The course I took was exclusively taught by a TA which I found to be ridiculous. I personally believe he should had been involved in the class somehow, but this was not the case so watch out for getting a TA that does not speak English as their first language
Lectures are online and you'll want to watch them that way because he talks SO SLOWLY. I watched every lecture on 2x speed and he was speaking at a normal pace. The formula packet will be your best friend! It makes the exams a breeze. Pro tip: print the practice exams the week before the test!! If you wait till too late, the server gets overloaded.
All lectures are posted online, so it's not mandatory to go to class. There's 1 online quiz and 1 online homework assignment a week, which are fairly easy. There are 3 exams, and 1 cumulative final. He posts past exams online and if you review those for the exams, you will be extremely prepared. Don't buy the textbook. You dont need it. Easy A.
Ries is good. It's an easy A--literally all you have to do is take a few of the practice exams that he posts on eRes, as all of his tests are the same thing, just different numbers. Makes stats simple.
Larry clearly realizes that most of the students taking this class are not math or statistics majors. The material can be hard if you aren't used to it, but the formula packet is the holy grail. Also you don't have to go to class because all lectures are recorded on tegrity. I would also say the labs are pointless so don't go to those either.
He is a very good at his lectures. Everything is clear, everything is posted on Blackboard, and he religiously records on Tegrity. However, he is terrible to go to one-on-one. He makes you feel completely ignorant and speaks with a rather hateful tone. Luckily, this class is probably easy enough, you won't have to ask many questions.
Ries is a pretty good teacher. You can watch all of his lectures on Tegrity ( and speed up the pace because he talks so slowly). But I've found that the best way to learn in his class is to actually read the chapter in the book before and then watch the lectures to help clear things up. In lectures, he doesn't go as in depth as the tests are.
Easiest course I've taken at Mizzou but would not recommend if you have any interest in Statistics. You won't learn any more than what you might have learned in high school classes and will be bored by the professor's lack of enthusiasm and monotonous tone. You don't need to attend classes either as he posts everything on Tegrity.
Such an easy class, never went to any classes and got an A.
Never went to class but watched all the lectures and did a lot of practice tests and got an A.
Discussion class was not helpful at all. All discussion leaders are foreign. Mine hardly knew English. When I came to pick up my test from her, it took her three tries to say "what's your name"! I tried to get Ries to help me find a new discussion class, but he was not helpful. The tests are not hard except I never had enough time to finish.
RSD's are pointless.Just about everyone I talked to quit going after the first few weeks and still have a good grade in the class.If you listen to lecture(he posts them all on blackboard)and go through the workbook problems as he does them in lecture.Also,I've found the best way to study is by using his old exams, which he posts.Great formula chart
Larry is a very easy teacher. If you go to class, he makes it almost impossible for you to fail. He gives you all the things you need to get an A! Class can be somewhat boring, but its not bad.
Likes to tell bad jokes. Tests can be tricky if you haven't studied the practice tests. Overall a decent teacher who does his job pretty well.
Very loud and annoying voice that was sometimes distracting during lectures. His multiple choice were too hard for an entry level class but the full work problems will help get you some points.
I have him currently and noticed that he wears the same shirt to every lecture... anyone else notice that? Also, the way he changes the pitch of his voice lulls me to sleep every lecture
Doub is eccentric but she loves her job and is willing to answer questions. Her tests are sort of hard, but there's plenty of extra credit. Her grading criteria is a little confusing, but if you do the homework and study you'll do fine. I would take her again.
She's nice and I would take her again. The tests at the end are more difficult but her final exam is so easy.
It's easier to think that the course is divided into 4 units and you get one grade for all the work you did for one unit. Each unit consists of about 4 activities, one exam, and two extra credit opportunities. The math is elementary school level (for the most part). Just do the easy work and you'll be fine. Also, my class typically was only 50 mins
Doub was really sweet, and would help you if you asked. I wouldn't recommend taking an 8am with her. She's kinda kooky, and can get confusing and unorganized at times. She truly wants all of her students to succeed. If you do the worksheets she gives, you will do well on exams. MML assignments made it way more difficult to understand anything.
Introduces new units terribly, but goes over the material enough for you to figure it out eventually. In my class she basically gave us a bonus take-home test. She really wants people to learn the material and get a good grade.
Nice man. He was a little foggy with the harder ideas though, still the class was enjoyable.
nice guy & tries to help, but horrible teaching skills. If i wanted to learn german by going over the textbook verbatim than that's what i would've done. Why spend the $ to have a teacher give out worksheets? some people learn that way, others never will. That's why we hire teachers--to teach us..
Interesting class if you like this topic. Class wasn't mandatory at first, but started to count attendance after. He talks really fast so you have to come to class ready to listen. Lots of readings to be discussed and quizzed at weekly sections. Ok class. Not highly recommended. Easy grading though. 3 tests and 2 essays.
He enjoys what he teaches. he can go in depth with his lectures, which can be a bit boring at times, however. However, the amount of assigned reading was demanding and the essays assigned (at least, to me) were really hard since it requires you to read "between the lines." But his grading was fair and was extremely nice to us for the final exam
The lectures cover a ton of information and are quick moving so note taking is difficult but the important thing is to copy the outline and ID's. He is sarcastic and leans towards the left but tries to be somewhat balanced though not all the time. The lab's with TA's really help you get the main point of the fast spoken lectures.
Loved section with the TA's on fridays. Lecture was interesting and not boring. Only like 2 papers, midterm and final. Pretty good/easy class
Heberle is so passionate about Shakespeare that it's sort of refreshing to see how much he loves his subject. HOWEVER, his lectures drag, all the papers are due the end of the semester so do them early, his quizzes test you on unimportant info from his lectures, and don't sign up for the EC unless you do it cause he'll subtract from you final grade
He's a really fun guy. Full of this twitchy energy but very interested in the topics he teaches. The work is difficult but totally worth it because you feel like you learned a lot at the end. fair grader.
He really loves what he teaches, and he is a really good guy. Sometimes he seems nervous to be teaching. His class is very boring, but I'd take him again anyway.
kind of person wish I never met
She's really nice, but is the Queen of Everything
Lectures are long and boring but the class is easy to pass as long as you pay attention and read the book on your own time.
Super knowledgable guy, super boring lectures. He's very nice and funny if you listen to some of the comments he makes, but the PowerPoints aren't helpful at all when it comes to the tests. You're better off reading the textbook and taking notes outside of class.
Speaks in Hebrew, very simple concepts. Just reads through the navi and says his insights. You read notes a lot night before, learn the navi well and get an A. you have to be good at learning/hebrew but if you are its a sinch. mesorah notes. Class is kinda boring, but it's easy and you'll learn navi maybe, he has chasidim
Pretty good teacher. Get old copies of exams, they'll help out a lot. Go through every single practice problem he gives you in the midterm packets and you'll to fine. This stuff isn't hard to learn, its just tedious. The book homework is not that helpful, focus on the exam practice problems.
The material is easy and presented in a pretty logical fashion. He seems to make some concepts more complicated than they need to be, but otherwise is an okay teacher. If you understand the practice exams you will do well. The info in the class is really important for your career and personal life, more so than a lot of technical electives.
the material covered in this class is really practical for the real world - basically finance for engineers - and its easy to understand.... you just have to get over his attitude as the greatest cheat catcher of all-time...which isnt hard since this class is usually huge.. also, hes really on to something with the grading...it works well
One of the easier engineering classes; more like a finance class. Lectures are pretty boring, homeworks are sometimes challenging (but you can get into a group to complete homework), and tests are pretty straightforward if you understand the practice midterm problems. Can be a bit sarcastic.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU CAN AVOID IT. (HAHA-YOU CANNOT ESCAPE- HE IS THE ONLY ONE WHO TEACHES IT!) The "grading system" is the most convoluted joke every conceived of. If you don't get an A in this class, KILL YOURSELF.
Soo simple, just do your homework and the projects, you dont even have to go to class.
Has an unique grading system that insures you a good grade, not big on Fri classes, but who is. Really nice to talk to, but want to shoot him in class. Material is pretty easy but he makes it tuff.
EASIST CLASS AT OSU
Dr shoulder's is a very knowledgeable man but unless you're an accounting major I wouldn't recommend taking him. His classes are very intense and people who are majoring in other things tend to not find the same compassion for his class that he has.
Very difficult material that is presented in an effort to help you after you graduate. You will not have fun, but if you pass, you will know your stuff.
Exams are very through and tough. Make sure to do all the HW.can't expect much in class but if you want to pass burn the midnight oil.
not so clear, not a bad teacher, but not my style, you have to agree with him. always goes off topic, attendance is a must. can do well if you like his style of teaching and if you study
The midterm/final is basically, write whatever you remember from class, and if you have good notes, youll do well.
Despite some of the other comments here, I really liked Dr. Kelly. The class was not easy, it took a lot of work and the exams required *application* of the concepts learned in class, but if you go to her office hours and ask questions she's incredibly helpful. Exam questions were sometimes tricky, but I ended up with an ok grade.
Really difficult professor but can be really funny during class too. The hard thing about the class is even if you keep up with the readings and study, you still get the tests/quizzes and feel like you know nothing. She's the type of professor where you have to apply everything you learn.. you can't just sit & memorize & expect to get an A.
He will crush you with painfully difficult tests and terribly boring lectures. Don't expect to pass his exams. Just answer a question in class once every 3 weeks and you'll be fine. He is a helpful guy...a bit full of himself...but helpful nonetheless.
She's okay, she gave me a 0 for attendance because I used my phone once in class, so if you have her be careful not to use your cell phone. If you're doing poorly, she will offer some kind of extra credit for you. Make sure to read and pay attention in class.
Crazy Candiens!!!! she's super smart, and actually cool outside the classroom!
Prof Lev is nice and knows what he's talking about, but listening to him speak for a while can get a little dry. He definitely appreciates sharing opinions, but may share that he disagrees sometimes.
Peter Lev, or Professor Monotone as he is often referred to. He has a strong liking to EMF, but he is clearly outdated in many senses. He can be a tough grader to those of who don't understand the assignment, but also gives good feedback (although not always legible). Very nice guy, but the subject material is boring and preliminary. DONT BUY BOOK
SO BORING. easy class. watch some good movies. Kind of a tough grader but the assignments are pretty straight forward.
Good professor to take. He's easy and his work is straight forward. Tests and projects are easy but he talks like the guy from the dry eyes commercial so after an hour you're practically falling asleep!!
Okay, the guy is kind of boring sometimes, but he doesn't require you attend every class but it is helpful. He makes notes of the chapters himself and gives them out so I didn't even buy the book, A's on the first 2 tests, hopefully on the final too!
He is extremely into EMF and Film Studies in general but has a slightly monotone voice. I ran into him in a bathroom and he didnt wash his hands. Other than that, would recommend.
a good guy, but very monotone. you can learn a lot from him if you can stay awake. even though his assignments are pretty straightforward, he's kind of a tough grader. but overall, he's not too bad of a teacher.
hes easy but sooooooo boring, sometimes discuss irrelevant stuff, just make sure your grammer is on point and you follow directions to the tee. Easy class though, didnt really ever use my book and i got a/b on exams.
Good teacher...but hard grader. He's not open at all...It's his way or the highway. Knowledgable in his field but he grades Very hard... If your very good at writing and spelling you'll be okay...
This class wasn't too bad. Vatz mostly talks about politics in his lectures, so be prepared for his conservative viewpoint. There is a quiz, paper, and a final. The paper is worth 50 percent of your grade. He really cares about attendance and hates when people leave early. We had a lot of guest speakers throughout the last month of class.
Great, Great Lectures. One paper and a optional final. I got a C on the paper and a B+ in the class. he value attendance and participation. He gets great speakers and talk about interesting topics. Intentionally vague about what to prepare for but the final is easy if you attention and take notes even on the video and read the ONE required book
TAKE HIM FOR MEDIA Crit. He talks the entire class but it is interesting. We watch video clips every class. Attendance is important. Notes are up to you to take but tests are easy and good curve. He is funny and definitely interested in the material. I like his class even though it is at 8:00am
Vatz is intelligent, but THINK if you are taking any of his classes. Don't let him think for you. It's very easy to get brainwashed, since he uses compelling rhetoric. Think objectively, and don't accept anything he says fully. Go and do your own research since he has a tendency to exaggerate liberal flaws and magnnify conservative positives.
Vatz is intelligent, but THINK if you are taking any of his classes. Don't let him think for you. It's very easy to get brainwashed, since he uses compelling rhetoric. Think objectively, and don't accept anything he says fully. Go and do your own research since he has a tendency to exaggerate liberal flaws and magnnify conservative positives.
He's a super funny guy, and the class is interesting enough. But don't miss any classes - his attendance policy is brutal!
He's a great guy but hes a very hard grader-And don't take the final if you can help it-I heard it's murder and he tricks you a lot-Again he is great but the reason I gave him the not great part of the review is because how hard it is to get a good grade-If you're looking for an easy A then this class is not for you-Realistically Expect the B range
Should have been a comedian. This class is entertaining, and he finds ways to relate topics to the material through Stossel clips. All you have is a paper and optional final. You will pay attention
Vatz is a Professor that really knows his****. Not the usual coddler looking for appeasement or settling for answers. He challenges every thought you bring to class. The one paper assignment seems outragous but wound up being challenging and fun.
This class is always interesting as you will watch a lot of John Stossel videotapes that are, believe it or not, entertaining. You make or break the class from your paper grade. It's only 2-3 pages but its worth 75% of final grade. Good class overall.
He is an awesome professor. His class is very easy and he is very laid back. Class would be aweful if he didn't teach it but the material is actually useful. Instead of teaching he got us to form groups and do readings every week and present it to the class. Great person, extremely kind and cares about how we do.
Okay
Really interesting class, great professor. Dr. Winter has opinions that are very unconventional, so if you don't have an open mind you won't like him or the class. If you are open minded then you'll probably enjoy this class immensely. My one criticism is that he sometimes doesn't give enough background info on certain subjects.
does not take in others opinions
He seems to hate the United States. I got the feeling that he was trying to brainwash us a lot, but the course was really easy. Multiple choice midterm and exam, 1 paper - it was a breeze. Winter is a bit of an arrogant tool though.
This was class was somewhat interesting. I couldn't help but feel that Winter was just there to brainwash as many people as possible with HIS way of thinking. Not that his way of thinking is wrong, per say, just that it seemed he was only there to get push his opinions on us, and not let us make our own opinions. Good class though.
Although exams are based on lectures, his OTHER requirements are absolutely unfair. He appears to be nice and helpful in class, but in reality, he's fake. He will not help you, but listen to your views and then tell you you're wrong because you don't agree with him. Interesting course, but no motivation to do well when all he does is critisize you.
Exams are based on Lectures 100% - Not a bad class, OPEN-MINDEDNESS is mandatory to understand all his left-wing views. Pretty interesting course.
Try to think how he thinks and you'll be okay. Pick his brain. The conform and write what he wants to hear and you'll be alright. He says he dosn't want clones. Don't belive him.
Good prof, brought up some interesting points BUT if you do not have his opinion you do not have the right one so you better shut up!
He's a good guy and decent teacher, but everyone is entitled to HIS opinion!
very narrow minded but excellent in providing media awareness
like his refreshing views on society. needs to become more organized!
Very intelligent, well-rounded man. As a teacher, not so much. He just wants to promote his ideals and LOOSELY ties that into a weak curriculum. Don't get me wrong, the things he is promoting are important, but very rarely related to the actual course. I guess you have to be somewhat of a narcissist to be a teacher. Easy A though, just show up.
SOOOOOOOOO BORING. His class is such a waste of time. He loves to talk about himself and where he has traveled. Nothing about what your papers will be on.. But positive side he is an easy grader. He does take attendance so you have to suffer through his lectures
Need an easy GER take this class. You will learn alot from this class.
I find the class vvveeerryyy boring. He is way too into geography and demanding for a GER. Exams aren't easy. You have to study. Online quizes are the only reason I'm passing.
Seems like a nice guy, pretty boring, a little too demanding for GER classes though. He's got a sweet mullet though.
Very, Very bright. Knows what he is talking about. Do not attempt to B.S him because he will catch you. Likes being challenged in debated, however can appear as if he believes he is smarter than everyone else. Excellent professor
Veyr interesting subject, knowledgeble guy. Terribly hard and maybe slightly arbitrary grader.
Dr. Gesink is the head of the History Department so she demands excellence. She is very intelligent and knows her history. She is a tough grader and this class was by far my hardest in college so far.
Don't take Dr. Gesink at face value. She tries pretty hard to keep the impression of a hardass, but she's not too hard to soften up. As long as you try pretty hard, and show some interest, she'll respect you. You do have to do the reading, because she quizzes, but her tests are not that hard. She's very cool, and cares a lot about her subject.
I took her online service learning class. She had you do so many papers!!! I felt like it was another english class than a community class. You have to do a lot of projects and papers. it's not a easy class.
WOW~ She is SUPER-CRAZY! The class is really easy, just go to class and turn everything in on time. Do not take this class if you do not have quite a bit of free time...cuz it does require out of class work! Just be prepared to ignore her sometimes cuz she is annoying and kinda scary at times!
The key to this class is turning everything in on time and getting all of your hours done. She grades fairly and easily on the papers. Her views get annoying sometimes, but this class is easy enough to tolerate it. Once you get used to her the class goes smoothly.
Frightening.
She's scary.
Unfortunately there is little choice if you are an ACC major. But he is a very generous grader and if you work hard you have an excellent chance of nailing an A.
interesting class..webb really knows his stuff as he actually worked for many years as a floor trader, gets great guest speakers to come in including paul tudor jones and jerry parker..class has little to no structure and grade is based highly on how much webb likes you..hardly any work tho and def recommended
Incredibly ugly amount of work/labs that never really gets returned in timely manner, nor can you expect WHEN exactly it is to be assigned/due. It's a prereq for auditing. If you are Mac user, go out and get a Windows PC.
Finance professor--- White is SO difficult to explain. He is an AMAZING guy, so smart, so passionate about what he does but his teaching methods are hit or miss. While you'll learn a ton from him, youll be confused 100% of the time bc he teached with a "throw you into the deep end" method. He's such a funny guy, worth it.
Professor Elman is surely one of the most knowledgeable and impressive scholars of Tanach and Jewish Studies in general. Unfortunately, he's had severe injuries and surgeries over the years which have limited his ability to teach a class effectively. Can still learn a lot if you want or can just chill out. Mesorah works for the midterm, not final
You can get an A easily but remember to thank Berman!!!
Boring lectures, I fell asleep during all of them. Lectures make no sense sometimes, but he is a nice guy...just boring.
I'm pretty sure that this guy is a superhero by night. He could save me anytime.
Fisher is awesome
Yeah, of course, good prof. at UofI which has prestige eng school, but hard, sucks for those who aren't bright, tests are freaking hard given by her, sign... I read all comments left by others, none of them are useful for those who aren't that bright, My recommendation is take the course over the summer, it's much much easier, that avoids her! yo!
OMG! Wut a nut!
Decent lecturer. Great teacher. Helpful advisor. Not a bad choice.
she's helpful, but reacts weird sometime. She just kind of looking straight at you not saying anything, kind of freak me out. But she's nice, and concise about the topic. ECE 110 is not that hard
Very hard for a freshman class. Her lecture is pretty useful, but her then she tries to trick you up on her exams. It doesn't help that you have to interpret her version of English while taking the exam. Good lecture overall but way too much work and difficulty for a freshman level class.
She's ok, heard she's better than most of 110 lecturers, but has a tendency to greet only white students in class.
Lectures were so rudimentary that I was too bored by them to come most of the time. But that's inevitable in any introductory class.
Sometimes she gets frustrated easily when students ask questions
REALLY nice guy, and always there for help if you need it. i had no background in econ, and so it took me awhile to figure everything out. he goes fast and sort of assumes you understand or have more knowledge than you do. not too tough if you study and do the work, but it took me awhile to catch on to how he was teaching.
Take this class for a Discovery course. His lectures can be boring at times, but he is an easy grader. There is no homework, 10 quizzes, and two exams. HIGHLY recommended.
Really nice guy. Tests get kind of confusing at times, but spends a lot of time on material and tries to make sure everyone understands before moving on. Tends to be a little boring, but Econ in itself isn't exactly an exciting subject.
His expectations for his studends are very high, as they should be. But he needs to understand that we all are taking 4 technical classes right now and simply don't have the time to study these concepts to the level that we should and would like to. It saddens me that I can't do better in this class. I simply don't have the time.
He does come off as a jerk because he is very smug. But he will keep you awake.
Definitely an easy class - just stay on top of things and complete the extra credit and you should be on your way to an A. Textbook and GSI review sessions are helpful - lecture is boring and pointless
His lecture style is difficult to follow, but the overall class is easy because test questions are pulled from the study guides they give. Prof. Powell knows his material, but his lectures can be slightly unorganized and you do miss important things because its thrown in somewhere with the slides.
She's an incredibly kind and sweet professor, but her style of teaching and the content of this course is really not worth the hype. She's pretty understanding to student needs, but she is quite disorganized with her lecture content and often goes on tangents. I really like her as a person, but not so much as a lecturer
Besides her long strings of "Yo Momma" jokes, extensive tangents revolving around her family, and intolerance for opinions opposing her own, Professor Kelsey is hilarious and her Soc class is a relatively easy A.
SHE'S COOL, BUT TAKE THE SLC STUDY GROUP. IT CUTS DOWN A LOT OF WORK AND THEY HELP YOU WITH THE QUIZES. SLC STUDY GROUP IS THE REASON I GOT AN A
Really easy class with lots of extra credit opportunities. Her lectures are just simplifications of the reading, so the only reason to go is because she takes attendance when the lecture hall looks too empty. She is so confident that her point of view is correct that she doesn't consider or discuss in class opposing views.
Easy to the point that it becomes boring and repetitive. Readings not necessary, lecture either - she emails everything you need to know for quizzes and papers.
Recommended!
Really opened my eyes and showed me what Economics truly is - the equivalent of watching paint dry.
Good Lecturer, knows his stuff, explains well. Only two complaints: 1) I was in an online section of the course and he'd constantly do stuff on the chalk board that you couldn't see in the recording. 2) There were quizzes every 2 or so weeks that would have material he never covered and would not cover. Graded and worth 10%. So have to read.
2nd tests are BRUTAL and exams are tough too!
Most unfair prof! take different prof if you want to do better and get better grade. He's final worth 50% and covers all the chapters where other prof covers less chapters for final and worth 25% and also they drop the lowest test where this prof doesn't. Mr. Cohen sucks!
decent prof, everythings online, tho i tended to fall behind cuz i realied on the fact that everything was online lol...didnt attend class. exam was maddddd hard...much harder then the other profs, content of the test was much harder when compared.
tries to cover too much material and in the end students dont get a full understanding of all the material. good prof if thats the only course your taking and you have a lot of time
Professor Cohen uses the technology well to conduct his classes.
makes economics boring. memorization of study guide and old tests, too many multiple choice cuestions, barely any math. boring, useless.
views are outdate...no wonder everyone loves him
Great guy, really helpful if you ask questions. Flies thru the material though. Keep up or you'll get lost
Obviously since its his textbook, he is teaching EXACTLY what is in the textbook. He goes very fast, and complicates everything, he is very easy to talk to and is understanding. he will help you, but for this 3 hour lecture, only take it if youre a complete genius, or if you have the book already and you just want to hear the stuff from him :)
Best calc prof, which unfortunately means nothing. He just rambles on talking to no one in particular. Its very easy to space out in his class.His book is ok, you have to reread it atleast 3 times to know what he's talking about. Still better than Ganong
He is the best one.
like everybody here says, i don't like his textbook and his lecture but his tests were very very and very fair. just keep up with his lecture reading his textbook and solve exercises then you will be fine. avoiding his lousy lecture or choosing very fair test... it totally depends on you.
he is good but too fast and not very helpful but makes u learn calculus
He wrote the text,
appears to be funny
No math background? No problem! This course is more of a logical course more than math. If you can prove an argument you'll do well in this course as being able to give a proof is a fundamental skill. Attend his lectures and do the example questions and you should be fine in this class. Not too difficult compared to most math courses.
this class is for people who were out of school for long time. course isn't that hard if you are strait from high school. professor is fair
it's very easy to get distracted in his class (he's very dull to listen to). follows the textbook too closely (why should we go to class if we can study the book at home?!). and his tests didn't always reflect the homework assignments. positive: always eager to answer questions
His lectures are very entertaining when he starts waving his arms around his head. He knows the material and emphasizes areas where students will often struggle. If you pay attention you will learn from him. Tests and exam were quite easy, with no surprises. He does practically run out from class every day, but helpful if you can catch him! :)
very passionate about math
Well, he turned this course into a groupwork course, rather than lectures. He just made everyone stress out on the homework and takehome tests (which were brutal and worth 15%), but then the regular tests and exam were not hard at all, they just should have been worth more.
Not bad
i think he should quit teaching math and start with dance or something :)
she's loopy but fun. you learn a lot too.
He's a very nice man but his lectures are extremely boring and he speaks very low so if you don't get a seat in the first or second row don't bother going to class because you won't be able to hear anything. I sat in the fourth row every class because that's what was available and I could hardly hear a thing. Gives online homework for extra credit
Sends you all the notes before the test, going to class is not mandatory. Just read his notes and attend the review sessions and you'll do fine. Tests are T/F , Multiple Choice, and Short Answer. The Short Answer and Multiple choice are easy. The True/False can be tricky. Really friendly person. You can't hear him well in class though so don't go.
Dr. Hirshfield is a really sweet man, but don't let that fool you. His exams are really detailed and difficult. You really need to study his notes well and definitely buy connect.
The key to doing well is focusing on the notes he gives out.He's very willing to help, but it is a bit difficult to hear him during class, so go to review sessions!
He is kind of boring but fairly straightforward. Don't bother with the textbook but make sure you buy Connect Plus for the extra credit. He will give a generous curve at the end. Just study the notes and you will be fine.
this class was much harder than expected. Too much information incorporated into the tests. I guess if you read the notes weeks before the exam you'll do well. I think what he says is whats mostly on the exams as opposed to the pages & pages of notes he emails you...
Class is boring most of the time. However, Hirshfield is a sweet professor and is available for help. He sends notes before exams so make sure you go over them because they come up on the exams. GO TO REVIEW SESSIONS! 2 exams and a final. Keep up with the reading and you'll do fine. Best advice: try to stay awake.
Very nice professor. Tests are hard and you have to read the entire textbook in order to do well. The class was large, around a 100 people which I hated, couldn't see anything from the board or hear the lectures b/c professor's microphone was broken all semester. Gives the notes of what's gonna be on the test which is basically all of the chapters
Ok whoever said this class was going to be easy completely screwed me over!! SOOO hard the person under me is right. Dr. H is super nice but his tests are extrememly difficult. I would say i spent 20+ hours studying for each exam and i pulled all-nighters for 2/3 of the tests. BAD experienceee :(
hirshfield is extremely old so he has difficulty lecturing in class. its hard to understand what he talks about but he does provide you with a study sheet with pages to read before each test. unfortunately the sheet is extremely long and half the readings arent even on the test. his exams are hard, includes essay, mc, true false, and open ended!!
Omg hes such a cutie patootie. Take him if you can. He's so sweet and tries to help out his students. Definitely not easy, have to work hard and read the book. Make sure to know everything on his review sheets, inside and out.
he sounds like he's about to pass out every class, not too bad, his tests r kinda hard, read the book IN DETAIL and u should be fine, good luck!
She was very sweet, but she took off points for no reason at all. Even when you try so hard on assignments, she marks off a point and doesnt tell you why. Shes very picky on how she grades so make sure you elaborate or else youll get marked down.
Professor smith is a great professor. She cares for her students and wants them to pass, but she grades really hard. You should go to her office hours she will explain everything. Its hard to understand her in lecture sometimes because she goes fast.
not extremely knowledgeable in volleyball but a decent enough teacher, especially for beginners. i didn't learn anything as and intermediate, but still had a lot of fun in the class. put in some effort and show up and you'll pass.
he talks to students like they're idiots and don't understand simple things and explains for hours but is therefore very clear
Prof. Bevan is a very nice person and deeply experienced teacher. She's is always available to help out and classes are relatively easy to do well in. Class doesn't always follow the syllabus, have coherent sequence of ideas, and there are alot of side tangents but its worth it.
Hands down one of the best teachers at Ferris. Not alot of homework, just have to show up everyday. He really sparks your intrest in philosophy and gets you thinking about what is going on around you. Take him if you can!!
I had to take this class for honors, thought i was screwed (im a A/B student)he likes to bargain about grades,messes w/ final grades for the best one possible for you, he's kinda boring, but the writing was easy enough, he hates grammar mistakes, likes outgoing students, emails back quickly, buy the used books for essays but not for class - uneeded
Take him, do the journal, agree with him, and don't ever say ANYTHING bad about Daisy!! He's sure of himself, and has an ego - use yours against him and it'll intrigue him. This isn't a prof you can sit back and grab an A - do your work, and he'll do his Ask him how's the best way to learn a foreign language!!!
This Mythology class is very interesting. Be prepared to participate & venture out of your comfort zone. He lectures alot about religion & stories. Jrnl.'s are due every month & a 12pg. research paper due at the end of term which he gives no requirements.
Very easy only take open book/note quizes and do a paper at the end of semester
She puts all notes online along with study guides. If you just go to the labs and follow along, you're guaranteed 100% on each one. Lets you use a notecard for exams and will do review sessions. Attendance is strict and she's a little weird but the class is overall pretty easy, even if you hate science like I do.
You have to go to the labs but not the lectures. She's crazy weird ha for real but sometimes she's pretty funny whether it's laughing at or with her. Her class is sooo boring though, it's so hard to stay awake! omg. But overall the class is okay.
No homework! Graded on tests, quizzes and labs. Gives chances for extra credit. Kind of boring but professor is very nice and helpful.
Must have changed it up a little because I do not find her tests easy. They are NOT on-line. Have to pratically memorize everything cuz you won't know what is going to be on the test. Nice and cheery professor.
She is a very unique teacher. You can skip lecture a lot but make sure you go to lab. Very easy class.
This class was pretty easy. The only bad thing is having it 4 times a week. Westhoven is pretty much insane, but in a good way. She makes class very "interesting". She eats chalk and loves to talk about sex...?
shes funny, eats chalk and bugs.
ok teacher
Neimi is the best in the department. He really challenged me and I still have the books from his classes and I graduated 3 years ago.
Wineman is consistently the best 211 professor. He's very clear about what is on the exams and very clear about what you need to know. His handwriting is atrocious, so you may need the textbook to understand some formulas, but otherwise it's a fantastic class. Some semesters (like mine) had tons of HW. live in the ME help room.
I loved this class! It was interesting and rewarding, but your hand will fall off from all the note taking! There are reading assignments that you must do b/c he takes questions from there for exams. Exams are on a lot of material, but if you went to class, have good notes, and study, you'll be fine.
He knows his stuff, but the tests are very hard.
I learned a lot in his class. Then I got the only C I ever got in college. He is easy but that doesn't count because he is just unfair.
no need to show up....just get notes!pretty easy tests
Lecture heavy but his notes are very confusing, hard to follow, and messy. Quiz every week some are easier than others but overall difficult. Exams were very difficult and very detailed. Grades hard for short answers. Gives extra for not missing class. Puts nothing on D2L. 3 homework assignments over the semester. Kinda have to teach yourself
He uses a projector of notes that aren't very helpful or descriptive. These notes turn into weekly quizzes that are very hard. The tests are also extremely long and difficult. Nice man, but a bad teacher. He knows what he is talking about but just doesn't explain anything well and does everything way too quickly. I'm a good student too.
He is a nice man and crakes a few jokes in class. If projects are done correctly you can easily become a favorite. Research the artists he suggests your projects should look like. However, he is not real clear sometimes on what exactly it is he wants. He also becomes easily frustrated when you ask questions if you don't understand. Cool prjs. Fun.
His handouts aren't always clear and he's sometimes VERY subjective but a nice man. If you show that you're putting forth effort he'll work with you from there. Also had him for another class, he's easier to work with if he likes you.
Didn't understand a darn thing he talked about, but the sweetest man in the world!
Definitly not your favorite Econ choice-easy to get a C, hard to get a B or an A
Literally such a hard class.
Grade is made up of only four exams and they are very difficult. Although he's funny and personable, the class is very dry and sometimes difficult to sit through. If you know someone who has taken the class before I highly recommend asking them to help you study or if you could borrow their notes/exams.
He's a really nice guy and takes his time discussing each slide in his lecture. It's a lot of material to learn but he does a decent job. Class was based on 3 exam grades ONLY.
He's my advisor but doesn't offer that much good advice. I just keep him around if I need a signature or something.
I think he talks to much for an honors class and as a result Its hard to develop ideas to use for the papers. Also You have to write a paper on the book before the lecture and before we talk in class. He was kind and after I fell behind he was helpful Didnt like the class because he talked to much and I didnt get many ideas, they say hes a genius
I loved this class! I didn't even take it to fulfill something, I just kept hearing about it and always wants to take it. I love all the guest speakers, it makes the class really interesting. We watched Irv drink, watched cars make skid marks, seen how to do fingerprinting and more. I didn't even look at the textbook, just pay attention.
Irv is a very, very smart man and I'm glad I've had the pleasure of taking his class. He demonstrates a lot, which is awesome. If you take this class, make sure you go to the toxicology lecture...you'll be glad you did.
Tough class only because the tests are over a lot of material. Don't bring your cell phone to class. He threw this girls phone against the wall because it rang while he was talking.
Interesting and amusing class, great to fulfill a science requirement.
Reading is mandatory if you want to pass. If you take this class, be prepared to be dealing with a grouchy ass professor. DEFINITELY don't talk/text AT ALL in his class. He loves his material, and doesn't care if you sleep in class. Showing up everyday is beneficial for the tests, which aren't the easiest things ever, but passable if you've read.
I had four classes with Pierce and loved every one of them. You have to go to class. You have to study. You have to earn your grade. Too many people want to be given things for nothing. Pierce won't do it. Great professor.
A bit eccentric, likes to swear a lot, but not as rough of a character as some people would have you believe. Don't disrespect him by talking or texting in class or forgetting to turn off your phone. write SOMETHING on all of the essays, take good notes, read the book, go to class, and you should be fine. Sometimes unpleasant but no bogey-man.
The material is what it is. No basic government class is going to be all that interesting, and I've had a lot worse professors. Attendance is key with this guy. If you go to class a lot, you will do well.
he reminds me of the history channel...i had to sit front and center and even if i hadnt he is easy to pay attention to...his lectures are like stories, i often forget to take notes
He's really tough, but he has a hilarious sense of humor if you understand it. He's a good teacher truly interested in teaching students, but comes from a much harder time (collegiately) and wants to challenge students more. He will purposefully make it hard, but you'll be all the better for it.
Hard class, but one of the most valuable I've ever taken. Chose it as an elective and although it was somewhat mentally demanding, it was so worth it. He has a dry sense of humor and can come off like an ass but just go to class and participate in a discussion every now and then (even if you think you're wrong) and he will appreciate your contribution. Cheap books too.
This class is common sense mixed with termonolgy. At least so far. I thought I was doing well but my first test grade was a 64 :(
The Great and Powerful Clifford is just an act, There is a normal, everyday man behind the curtain. (Just don't tell him you peeked.) The class is a good one if you are ready for a challenge and don't mind having to think. I personally think the class operates on a junior level, not a freshman level.
he can be an **** but it's hilarious- VERY smart guy... if you're a dumbass you should just stay away ;)
One of the most challenging professors on campus. I enjoyed taking more than 1 of his classes. He does more than hand out grades, enhances critical thinking skills the way a university professor should.
Do yourself a favor and avoid taking Chappell. You read the material, go to lecture, and then she discusses the material in detail (detail that isn't relevant to her exam material). There are only 4 exams including the final and a few pop quizzes that if you aren't ready for, will screw your grade really quick.
She can be difficult if you're not willing to do the work. Not hard, just need to do the readings and read thoroughly.
She is not easy, but you learn a lot from her. If you are looking for a breeze by english class, this is not the one. But if you like a challenge or want to actually step up and be a college student, take her. She respects you as long as you respect her.
The class pertains alot to central issues of feminism and womens oppressions. Which is fine in a story or two but it seems to be the theme for her lit class
His random quips and asides are entertaining, I'll give him that. However, students who take ECON 203 thinking that it will boost their GPA should be aware - the Economics department has adopted a new grading policy. This is the only class I've ever taken where 90% has been curved to a B. Kind of destroyed my willpower to do well, to be honest.
Overrated due to his reputation. Lectures are entertaining but not super helpful. Notes are all handwritten and not that great. Zero practice resources or questions given aside from the assignments (and those topics aren't even on final). However final was not as hard as its hyped up to be. Pretty fair exam.
His notes are really simple and he teaches you the bare minimum to do good on the test. I wish he could've went more in depth with the material. To do well, you just have to read the textbook and takes notes from it. Overall, he is a decent prof but can be a great prof If he spent for time going in depth with the material.
Tracey gets a lot of hype and I feel it's partially deserved. His lectures are simple to understand and to the point. However, HE TEACHES TO THE BARE MINIMUM. Excellent lecturer, BUT TO THE BARE MINIMUM he'll teach. You WILL NEED the textbook to succeed. Very easy assignments/midterm with a very hard beefed up final. Study with the textbook.
Tracey gives concise lectures about what he wants you to know, but you might want to read the textbook beforehand since it feels like there's no context behind his teaching. The final was hard, but it's just because it tested literally everything he taught. If you really understand how to do everything he teaches in lecture, you'll do well.
Thought the class was going to be an easy A as it was supposed to be for years. There's a lot of concepts and graphs to remember and Tracey doesn't give out practice questions. He helps give hints on what the assignments will be and a guideline of how to answer. Make sure you attend classes because he posts nothing online and doesn't reply to email
The hype is NOT real. He is an okay prof. Midterms and assignments are easy until you hit final RIP
hes a funny guy and his lectures are quick. However once midterms come around his lectures are almost useless and you need to read everything in the textbook. For the final he put up literally no practice material which isn't that surprising because he doesn't even put his notes up online. He makes the cours easy and gives answers to tests in class
He is unapproachable when it comes to asking questions but he is a decent prof. He basically hands out answers and its pretty hard to fail either of the midterms. However his final was brutal and kicked everyone. His notes are hard to look back on because there isn't much to them unless you write down every word that he says (kind of hard).
I took this course because everyone said Peter Tracey is the best economics prof. He is not. If you want a good grade and know exactly whats on the final, sure he is fantastic but you don't actually learn anything. He is quite condescending with his students and he is very very slow. The content of the course had nothing to do with the outline.
Very enjoyabe. Gives out answers to tests in class, and has also shown parts of the test in class. You should read the textbook as well, as he skips some material.
Tracey is a great prof but I really didn't enjoy this class. I actually found it hard and there was too much to cover. He gives you extra marks and assignments are pretty-straightforward. Make sure you read the textbook because sometimes he doesn't cover a certain topic but it is still covered on the test. There was only 1 midterm and 1 final.
Great prof with super clear lectures. However, he will inflate your mark going into the final by giving easy assignments and easy midterm. BEWARE OF THE FINAL. Don't be lured into a false sense of security because that final was toooough. There aren't any practice problems or anything to help study for the final so know his review inside and out.
Tracey is hilarious but he teaches you the very minimal. He doesn't go into depth or expand on important concepts. I felt like there was a huge discrepancy between the easiness of lectures and assignments and the difficulty of the final. If you plan on taking senior econ courses, don't take Tracey for introductory ones, you won't know anything.
Good prof, but it is time for him to retire. He is getting too old to even think straight when it comes to telling us how things are graded, and what to expect on the final and midterm, a lot of contradictions here. Also I found him to be rude and arrogant at times. Other than that, if he sticks around any longer, I do recommend, he knows econ well
Dr Tracey has a wicked old folk sense of humour and he makes class entertaining with his rants. He gives out answers for exams and assignments so you gotta go to class!! Didnt do as well as I would've liked on the final because it was at 8am on the very first day of exams so there wasnt enough time to study.
I don't recommend taking ANY courses with Tracey if you intent to study higher level economies. It is not hard to get an A+ in his courses, but you will learn nothing and ultimately pay the price in later courses.
This class was an easy A with Tracey. Gives lots of bonus marks.
I found him to be alright -- not the best but not the worst either. He would give you the basic knowledge to do well in the course as well as some answers to exam questions. However hardly anyone finished the midterm exam because we had so little time to write it and the final was also very difficult. He is a very nice guy though.
I like understanding the principles behind a theory and Tracey doesn't teach that. He gives you the basics that you need to pass, not necessarily what you need to succeed. Contrary to everyone else, none of his courses have been easy for me (B to B+s in all 3) so make sure you read the textbook and attend class because he is sassy!
Mr. Tracey is a great guy who just wants students to pass his class. If you attend lectures and study the material he emphasizes you should have no problem getting anything above a B
Tracey is a very easy professor and teaches the bare minimum. Lectures are generally dull, but concepts are easy to understand and they are taken straight from the textbook. It takes minimal effort to get an A in his class.
Easy class, however he doesn't take criticism very well when you appeal your exams or assignments to him. To him xy=fc is not the same as x=(fc)/y
Has a grumpy demeanour but is overall very nice and wants his students to succeed. If you like listening to old timey music and Taylor Swift before class, he's your man! Can be a little mean when you ask him questions. LISTEN TO EVERYTHING HE SAYS, HE WILL NOT HELP YOU IF YOU WERE NOT PAYING ATTENTION. Demands a lot of respect, but deserves it.
2 assignments and 1 midterm all semester which were pretty much a joke because of how easy they were. Definitely recommend if you are taking ECON
Easy class but useless. Does not really teach anything that you do not already know from 203. If you want easy marks, take him but do not take courses which would then take you to take 400+ courses
Wonderful professor for an easy grade in 201. However I had him for 303 and am now behind in all subsequent classes before I've even started.
A lot of the material is very straight forward. He does a great job of explaining the graphs and making the course seem very small. He writes all of his notes so its important to go to class. Although he gives questions/answers for the final exam, the final was still ridiculously hard.
midterm is easy. Final is the killer.
As stated by previous comments, his midterm is an easy A, however, final exam will be much harder, although not impossible. For this class, memorization will not suffice; understanding concepts and being able to interpret graphs will benefit you in the long run. Overall, excellent instructor.
Peter Tracey is one of the craziest, most crotchety old men Ive ever met, but somehow he manages to be the greatest economics professor at the university. Although he acts rigid and unyielding, he actually tries his best to help students understand the material. EVERY single class he lets you leave early, his tests may be tricky, but not impossible
ADORABLE prof! his writing is hard to read but if you attend class regularily the notes are extremely helpful. Gives answers out for final and midterm NO NEED TO BUY TEXTBOOK cus aplia has an online version. And he's funny and relates econ with celebrities etc. can't ask for more with this kind of class!!
A very funny professor who keeps concepts fairly simple. Midterms and exams are harder since he doesn't cover a lot of the material and expects that you know it. No help on Aplia assignments at all.
prof tracey made econ 201 a breeze. the lectures were very helpful but they became boring near the end of the semester. prof tracey is not approachable or helpful but with the way he runs his lectures he doesnt need to be. his personality is quite strong but as long as you remain respectful, he is quite pleasant. lectures always let out early.
His lessons are clear and the class is easy enough, but he has a way of letting his personality interfere with the material. His ability to teach will sway with his mood (and wow, does it sway). He skips a lot of material and lets class out early every day. It often feels like I'm wasting my money with him.
This class was such a joke! It was so easy. If you go to lectures you definitely don't need to buy the text book and even if you don't go, the online assignment set up (aplia) that you have to buy includes the text book. He says everything at least 3 times so if you aren't listening you'll still get it in your head. Easiest A I ever got...
I can not help but wonder if any of the previous comments are from econ majors? If you are an econ major do not plan on learning anything in the class. Easy A. Do not take if you need a course as a prerequisite, you will be so far behind.
He is a very good professor at conveying course material, although he is hard to listen to at times. Usually makes the midterm relatively easy and the final relatively hard. Don't get the textbook.
Though I understand where some people would find him to be a good prof, I could never quite adapt to his style of lecture. I much rather like Ronald Schlenker for all ECON courses over Tracey.
WHOA HE'S LIKE THE GOD OF ECON!!!
Honestly, it seems I am in the minority, but I found that Tracey was a boring teacher to listen to, and that Schlenker is better...
yah hes easy .. but hes kinda useless for the 300 level courses .. if your a major, you need to know your stuff, i get more valid information from the book than from him..
Piece of cake class. Don't really have to go to it if you have any previous knowledge of econ. Boring lectures, spends alot of time on what most university level people should understand quickly. He trys to be funny, and sometimes its amusing to just watch his attempts at jokes.I'd recommend him, nothing too bad, nothing too exciting either though.
Easy class but BORING!!!
If you want an easy final....
hes hot i love him
His lectures and mid term are super easy, but his final exam is like 10 times as hard as the mid-term and assignments. Be aware of that he will fail you if you fail the final...so if you are generally an A+ student, you should be ok. Otherwise...good luck man.
Got A+ in his class, but still don't think he's good.Just don't understand why he goes so slow and skips so many important chapters!! And he is extremely impatient to students' questions. Although he always emphasizes his willingness to answer any question, but once you ask, you'll see...
His attitude has gone way down, down, down. I think his days are numbered! Time to hang em up and pull out the golf clubs or dancing shoes! He has become even more condesending when answering questions, seems bored with his material and classes!
Notes are neat and clear.Answers questions asked in class.Tests are very hard and confusing,just multiple choice.You can't agreu for marks.He gave everyone an extra mark for the 2nd midterm to bring the class average up. He gives hints of whats on the exam but thats like the whole course.Study Hard.
slow and bad temper. jokes r not funny
a bunch of formulas with no explanations, good for an A, not to learn from
man, econ201 is the easiest course i've ever taken
Not a bad prof, keeping up with the readings makes the class more interesting but there is very little change in the way each class in structured. Prof was clear and his expectation were not to difficult to meet.
Nice prof, easy marker but boring class
A little dry and somewhat dull but a very nice man and pretty easy marker. He knows his stuff and it shows. Not my favourite class in school but certainly not my least favourite either.
Street literally changed my life. I love taking her class, she tells you things most people are afraid to say. she has such an amazing view of the world. and she teaches life lessons. she pushes you to your most capacity and makes sure you learn and take something from the class. she is one of the few teachers that are there to teach.
It breaks my heart to see all the negative reviews for Professor Street, she is such a wise and intelligent woman, although she may be a little disorganized, she tells us what we NEED to hear!! If you want an understanding of whats going on in the world, TAKE HER & respect her!!! She changed my life and woke me up to all of the world's lies.
I'm sick of seeing all the bad stuff on here. She's a great teacher. She is funny if you get to know her. Don't disrespect her or have a bad attitude & she'll love you. Do your work, follow the guidelines & you'll get a good grade. Just go to class & smile, you'll be good to go. PROMISE! I'm taking another class with her next semester!
I had street for 365 and 395 and she was amazing for both. If you are ignorant I dont recommend taking her. She can be talked into anything and is fairly flexible on due dates. Shes a very interesting person.. you will learn more from her life stories than the book. Shes brilliant.
She is a very good professor..yes if you are a republican I would not recommend taking her class if your views are very strong, but other than that she is a GREAT and pretty easy professor! Don't be scared.
Before I took this class, I heard nothing but bad things about Street. Every class I asked myself what is it about her that people don't like, and to be honest, I never found out. I loved her class, and I thought she was a geniune person. She needs to be a little more clear about her assignements, and sometimes she's a little "off" but who isn't?
Every comm major I had talked to with the exception of one (you know who you are) said that Dr. Nancy Street was quite a miserable person. Of course after sitting in her class you realized how she had over come this bitter-ness. After facing death, she realized that she should be a little more cordial in her everyday affairs. She is a very compassionate woman...who strives to get the most out of her classes....Dr. street....Here's to You!!!
The class was pretty easy, but she's mean.
Street some times gets a bad rap because shes so intelligent. If you do your short (2-4) page papers and partisipate your bound to get at least a B+. She has made me a better writer and has opened my eyes to the world of film. I give her an A+++
She inspires thought outside of the course...connecting the world with concepts.
Very political and into films. Pretty good over all.
She is really nice! But, she is a little strange. Class is easy, just make sure to study for the Midterms! Also, always read the text book.
Very easy class. NO TESTS, QUIZES OR FINALS! just 1 pg papers due like every other class. Attendance is mandatory so just go, but honestly u can just sleep thru the class because the papers u write are all self explanatory. 8am classes stink but since u rly dont have to pay attention its bareable. TAKE HER IF YOU NEED TO. SO EASY!!!
She picks favorites so get on her good side.If she doesnt like you you'll know it by the dirty looks shell give you. Overall an easy class. study the notes and the tests wont be hard. Papers/projects are easy. If you can deal with coldness then you'll be fine
very nice lady, the class is wicked easy however, she whispers so you can barely understand what she is saying, she takes attendence EVERY SINGLE DAY. the work isnt too bad, the papers are easy, but she is borring. good class to take if you need time to nap. and her jokes(that she laughs at herself) are not funny at all
No computers. Very smart and understands this class more than the average statistics beginner so he talks over your head and you half to connect the dots yourself, but he is very nice and rounds grades based off what he thinks that student actually deserves. Quizzes every class but they are not hard and most are attendance to boost your grade.
Dr. Barrett is an AMAZING person, but a bad professor. He doesn't really teach, he just talks. He wants you to succeed, but has straight up told me and others "it's not my job to teach you statistics." His tests are extremely difficult, quizzes are difficult, and you MUST go to class EVERY TIME to pass. Just avoid the stress and take someone else.
An old-school professor. No hats or laptops in class. Quizzes most classes to pad ur grade for tests. No hw. Stands and lectures the whole time. Sometimes rambles on about stuff you don't need to know. Very knowledgeable. Very funny. Could adapt his teaching style to fit the modern era. Show up, pay attention, and study to be successful.
His class is definitely tougher, but I think his personality is something you can't find in most professors. There's quizzes every class, but he will sometimes make them fun or give a free grade for showing up. It is very test heavy and he has a specific teaching style, but his commentary and presence were worth the hard work!
He is a great professor, but does not tell students about additional tutoring services that are offered weekly for free. His lectures are somewhat helpful, but he is not good at explaining things; it is very obvious he teaches higher level ST courses. His class is very difficult, but I like him as professor.
Be super careful... I think of myself as a pretty smart person but struggled heavily in this class. A lot of people in my class had taken it in high school, so it was a breeze for them. You have to listen in class and put in time to study or you will be totally lost. He's very lenient on some things and will curve test grades and also curved final.
He really made a handful of offensive comments throughout the semester, but no one said anything but he alluded to conflict in the past. He was very clear in the lectures and notes. He was a very good teacher, but he was very forthright about his personal beliefs in most classes about religion and politics even though it was statistics.
If you go to class and pay attention you'll do fine in the class. There is a written quiz for every class, but in the end it'll help you. If you study his previous tests that he gives you in class you should do fine on the exams. He is very old school and rubs some people the wrong way but he's funny and will tell you lots of personal stories.
You either like him or you don't. Gave us quizzes practically every class. He is so smart that he teaches at a level higher than what is expected. Our notes literally had 500 level labeled on them. Hardest class by far, but if you put in a lot of effort you should be fine.
One of the most old-school professors I've ever had. No technology in class (even though it's a lecture hall of 250 people) and no hats. You can tell he care about the students but you're only graded on in-class quizzes and tests. Some of his random rants are interesting but his actual stat lectures put me to sleep.
Dr. Barrett teaches this class as if it was 50% statistics and 50% philosophy. It is hard to make a subject like statistics engaging, but he does a fair job. With the difficulty of his class as it compares to other statistic classes I would recommend another teacher if your looking to get out with a great grade.
This class is do-able if you go to class everyday, take notes on what he's saying (not what's on the powerpoints), and if you understand respect. Lots of kids got thrown out for hats, leaving after quizzes, and cell phones. This guy doesn't mess around, but if you do what he asks, you should get an A. Had to study about 2 hours a week; no homework
Go to class and you will pass. He gives a quiz every class, sometime just attendance. The test are straight from the study guide he gives you. I would take him again him.
if you are not interested in ST then do not ever take his class. If you like ST he is the best for you. Trust me!
Dr. Barrett clearly knows what he is talking about, and can be incredibly helpful if you reach out to him. But he has no sympathy for students who don't come to class and don't ask for help. Take notes and study as you go along, and it isn't too difficult. Textbook reviews aren't mandatory, but so helpful.
Dr. Barrett's class is difficult & you have to work at but it is so worth it. You HAVE to go to class if you want to do well. He gives daily quizzes, which help you keep up with the material. He knows what he is talking about & does a fair job at explaining so it's up to you to pay attention. No technology so no distractions, & don't wear a hat
He can be fun most the time & tell jokes. He does give hand written examples as well as sample tests. He will call you out if you are on your phone & he does not allow you to wear hats. Overall, not too bad... just hard class because it's statistics!
Statistics is such a boring topic to teach, but he does it well. Quiz every day so you can't ever miss, but he does his best to make it easy. Its confusing when he teaches but when he gives you the study guide for the test it all comes together, so the tests are super easy. Highly recommend.
Professor seems mean in the beginning but later really grows on you. Lots of attendance quizzes and he gives free points. He's very intelligent and hard to follow. If you read his lecture notes well and do practice test you should be fine He is very entertaining with his rants about todays youth!
Dr. Barrett is a very intelligent man. He knows what he is talking about. Sometimes the class is hard to follw, but thats because its STATS, not everyone's cup of tea. Don't buy the book, go to class for the daily quizzes (25% of your grade) and you will do fine. He puts out practice tests VERY similar to the real tests. Easy A if you go to class.
Dr. Barrett is a good teacher. He trys to keep things interesting but sometimes rambles on about nonsense. Daily quizzes that are fairly easy but the tests are tricky. I had to teach myself most of the stuff because I got so lost in class. Hes a great guy, not a great teacher. but then again the material isn't fun to learn either...
Really nice man and really funny. I enjoyed going to class but it was hard to pick up the concepts. Lots of self teaching.
Dr. Barrett is the best stats teacher at Alabama. He gives a lot of quizes, but they really help your grade and a lot of them are just attendance quizes. The tests aren't that bad and he reviews for them a week in advance. Very good teacher and an all around good guy.
Dr. Roberts class is not impossible! You must go to class because there is a quiz almost everyday, but it makes you study and at the end of the year it equals to a test grade. Go to the tutoring sessions; especially before the final. The first test is almost exactly like the study guide he gives out so review it a lot.
This class is hard. There are quizzes everyday, but sometimes they are only attendance quizzes, so go to class. He is a very fair teacher though, and he is really nice. He knows what he is talking about.
Dr. Barrett's class is EASY EASY! Just come to class, take the quizes and listen to his lectures you should be fine! He gives a practice test, if you review that and know the material on there you will do fine on the tests. YOU MUST ATTEND CLASS because quizes are important factor w/ ur grade. His lectures can be boring and he is VERY conservative!
He is a great guy w a genuine interest in Stats. I didn't do that well in there but I would hate to see what I would have made without him
Passed all 3 tests, but still got a D-. GO TO CLASS take the quizzes or you will be screwed. Funny guy though, will probably take him again.
nice guy, but does not fully explain the material... he doesn't curve grades either, and the tests are extremely hard... good luck to anyone who takes this class
Seems nice outside of class. Very anal and strict. Very difficult tests!
Sir, take your hat off sir.
His teaching methods are solely based on power-point. His lectures can be tuff at times due to the size of the class, he didn't really go in depth in any of the material, but rather left it up to you to learn. If you put the time in you will at least make a B.
nice lady, okay teacher...make sure you ask her EXACTLY what she wants...seriously in like bulleted format. it's important that you understand her assignments or you won't do well on the paper series which is essentially your whole grade. she can be a bit out there but she's alright. she has helpful conferences, though.
A really nice guy. Loves to talk so don't start a conversation unless you want to be there a while. Sometimes its hard to read just exactly what he wants you to do on an assignment but as long as you put forth a genuine effort you should be fine. Very helpful, generally replies to emails promptly. I would recommend.
good teacher
Be ready to watch a ton of videos that may or may not be on Ur midterms... lecture's do not always pertain to text. it is imperative that u go by his office and ask him what he is expecting of U. He requires that u have ur cell phone turned off & not enter class late but, don't b surprised when his cell goes off during class &he is late.
DIFFICULT teacher..make sure if you have to write an essay to write what he thinks..not what you think or be prepared to make a B or lower
A very difficult teacher, but fair. He'll help you out, but going by his office for assistance on essays is a must. Be prepared to work!
In this class you are graded on around 7 assignments for the entire semester. Each one is a lot of work and if you mess it up then tough luck. My advice is just don't take public speaking. Oral interpretation is 10 x easier and less stressful.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime class! SO hands on and interesting! I learned so much and Professor Moore is definitely one of the nicest professionals on campus. Weekly quizzes, but he usually lets you do them in groups. Other than that, it's all hands on learning/assignments with the studio equipment. Easy "A" if you pay attention!
I had him in the late 90's. He was very cool and I enjoyed his views on American Lit. He is opinionated, but he is very opened minded and allowed us to write on things a little off the norm. He made us laugh and if I ran into him today I am sure he would remember me. A good teacher, especially if you are an English major.
I took his class in the summer after my senior year...essentially my first college class and I guess I have rated all my profs against him since. He was REAL and could make even the dullest story seem worthwhile to read. I agree that he has certain ideas and is not always open to the more conservative students but its a conservative town and I was impressed that he didnt pander to the christian elements that always seemed to be looking for a fight.
claims other people's ideas as his own to try to make you think he's "worldly" enough to come up with them -- not sure why he thinks the cussin' is cool
it's his ideas, or no ideas (but claims to be open minded)
A very cool prof.
He's got some interesting ideas about life
First off, don't buy the book. All you need is your notes. Gives open note midterm and final. He is a little hard of hearing, but very knowledgeable about the subject. If you have a question you will definitely have to speak up, but he will try to make sure you understand before moving on to the next topic. Overall its a pretty easy class.
He knows his stuff, but can't hear anything you say. If you go to class you will be fine.
Really cool professor. I took him during the summer and it wasn't too hard at all. It's kinda annoying that you can't ask a single question because he is blind and deaf, but he made up for it by giving me an A. I think I had a 78 before the final (which I answered 5 of 7 total questions on and not all of them were correct) but he gave me an A.Sweet
If you can keep from becoming comatose in the class you can pass w/ an A or B.
Professor Auslander is a very knowledgeable professor with a vast ammonut of knowlege. His hairing can be a problem if you take him especially if you can't stand the sound of students shouting out questions and answers. He is fairly easy and approachable. reat guy overall!!!
I showed up to 5 classes, got a 72 on the only test I took, and got a B. Need I say more?
Still deaf, but easy!
Definately can't hear
cant hear at all but easy grader
Nice
Dr. Young is a ****!
Good teacher. He knows what he is doing. I wouldn't say he is the best teacher. He honestly isn't even the best choral conductor I have had. He can be nice, but when he is in a bad mood he will take it out on everyone. Picks favorites, but he is not mean to everyone else. Overall, not bad.
Dont like him and definately did NOT find him hot.
Why is it that some people think he's great and others don't? It is really because those that like him are favorites? I took one class a while ago and just found this site and I've got to say I'm less than impressed with the whole music program. The teachers don't know what they don't know.
powerful? how so?
IM NOT A TENOR
The man can be very rude. Fairly decent after a while. Its choir, not hard!!!
All he does is lecture the whole time and give 1 or 2 quizzes a week. YOU HAVE TO READ THE TEXTBOOK OR YOU WILL FAIL EVERY QUIZ! His tests are very hard and hard to study for.. do not take his class.
He is a very mean, rude, and hard guy. His tests come out of nowhere. He cusses a lot, picks on students, and his assignments are impossible. Would never take his class again.
Studied voice for years, took her class for 3 months and now have vocal problems. Don't take her class if you're a serious voice student because her techniques are horrid.
note to self never pick a voice teacher that can't sing--pick a pitch any pitch!!!!!YIKES
Dr. Litvin is one of the best professors I've had the opportunity to meet at BSU. He really cares about developing you as a professional and setting you up for success. I've learned the most from this class than I have any I've taken so far. He's willing to go out of his way and help the people that will actually try. Book is 100% necessary.
Dr. Litvin is a great professor. The workload was a bit overwhelming at times but I found the class to be enjoyable. He is very helpful and you will get a lot out of his business communication class.
Nice guy, tough grader but his class is enjoyable
When I took this class I thought it was going to be easy 1 paper and two 4 minute speeches. I went to every class and did every speech and somehow he failed me on all of them. I met the time limits and still am in shock. He is nice though but hard grader.
Participation is a must. Keep up with readings from the book. Can be really confusing at times, but if you follow the assignments isnt a very tough grader. Completely different person outside of class, so recommend getting help outside class if needed. Would take him again b/c found the class easy.
I like him,don't get me wrong. But at the end of the semester though, WATCH OUT! He turns, it's so weird. It's like he realizes we've done nothing all semester pertaining to the class and all of a sudden he has to assign more random work all at once;then he gets mad when no one knows what the heck he's talking about. BTW raise your hands in class!
Hard to understand his rantings. do the reading, and participate in conversation
Carol is great, but she doesn't understand that some people aren't super outgoing. Sitting back is not an option in this class. She gives a good amount of work and is extremely lenient on deadlines and quality of work. Overall an easy class, but there were some days when my social battery made me unable to handle being in this class.
Carol has quite the personality that some people may not like or get along with but overall a good teacher. She definitely puts students out of their comfort zones sometimes but not too bad.
She is a hard professor in terms of grading and attitude. However, she is one of the few professors I've had that treats you like a professional- whether you are a theatre major or a non major. If you want her help and her feed back, you have to ask- she doesn't give it freely. However, the feedback and the help she does give is phenominal.
I didn't think this class was that bad. Carol is an interesting character... most theater people are. She took FOREVER to grade our assignments! She keeps a record of your grades, but doesn't post it anywhere, so you just have to keep up with it yourself. As long as you go to class, do your work, and pay attention, you'll make an A! Not bad overall
He is alright. not very sociable and hard to reach outside of class. tests can be hard and the homework doesnt help. His lectures dont help much but his online videos do. if you dont watch the online vids you wont pass. he has a tendency to talk down to people. Overall he is ok. he curves the tests which helps a lot.
He is a great teacher! He knows what he's talking about and towards the end of the semester he is alot more fun because most people who don't care don't show up or have dropped by then. You have to be in class though and the homework is EXTREMELY helpful. Occasionally he will give attendence quizzes for EC. Before a test SI is a good idea though.
Class was not that hard. Study old exams that he posts on his website. If you have a question, you can go to him in his office...and he is a lot easier to approach and a little nicer outside of class. Everything on the exams in covered in the notes he gives. Not really an enjoyable class...but not too hard either (You will have to study).
One word: Antipersperiant.
hard teacher but you learn it eventually
Super nice professor, but SO disorganized. Quizzes are easy if you read the chapters, otherwise, not at all. Her lectures are all over the place and so boring at the same time. It's hard to get clear answers from her about anything because she gets confused easily. She really cares about her students but taking her class was frustrating.
Professor Johnson isn't a bad professor, but her lectures are so long and tend to get very boring. She gives 4 exams and has you volunteer for a few hours with children (anywhere you choose), and it's not hard. Her test quizzes are incredibly easy.
5 week course. Critiques and grades too hard on written work. This is not a writing intensive course but treats it like one. Nice in person, but can write demeaning comments online. If you are a psych major you will like her, otherwise avoid.
She is probably the hardest professor. She acts like this is your only class. You must read or you will not pass the exams. Exams are every week and wicked hard. Her lectures are pointless because test is all from notes. I don't recommend her
shes nice and informative but literally sets the class up to fail it. drops 2 lowest quiz grades and there is 1 quiz every week. for every absence, she takes 6 points off your grade. that is outrageous. we are paying HER to teach but she will still fail us. i enjoyed this class until i began to stress over being sick or absent because i will fail.
I am currently taking her Child Psych class, and I hate it. I never want to come to class. She gives you a lot of information, and expects you to know EVERYTHING for the tests she gives. She gives about 5 exams, one every other week. There are 2 projects, one presentation and another assignment due 5 days after. Awful, h8s people who bring laptops.
such a nice person! so cute . there is alot of material to cover in psych of learning so she is sometimes a bit confusing. tests are a bit hard, but if you study you will be fine
Such a nice lady!!!!
Awesome Professor. She really enjoys teaching and wants all her students learn and understand what she is teaching. She expects alot from you but is very fair and understanding and will give you a second chance if you did something wrong or couldn't pass something in on time. I highly recommend her.
Very kind lady. She is a bit disorganized and all over the place at time when it comes to her powerpoints, but she is fair and wants you to do well. extra credit is also offered.
She is a really good teacher , i loved this class , you just have to study for the tests and you will do fine.
She's very nice, but very confusing. She assigns a lot of random assignments; a lot of work, but plenty of time to do it - just don't wait until the last minute to start! LOTS of reading quizzes... you have to read and understand what it's about. Good for first year seminar, but I probably won't take her again unless I have to.
Very helpful any time I needed her
Nice lady, yes. KNOW the chapter titles and subtitles!! things are self explanatory as the year goes on. wasn't really interested in the class. no need to read unless there's a certain chart. just pay attention, go to class, and give her respect.
Really nice but scatter brained & ultimately makes things more complicated than they need to be
I took Dr. Kirby last summer and he was a good professor even though I suck at math. He is tough and we had a decent amount of homework but that was so we had more grades to help us than just the few tests we had. He also made sure to go over the test before and after. He really cares about his students and is there if you need help, just ask.
Dr. Kirby is a great teacher. However it is pure lecture. Make sure to come ready to listen. Take notes. He doesn''t give a review for the tests just expects you to review your notes and the book and the homework. If you don''t like lecture don''t take this professor.
I had him for 2 classes this semester. He is a decent teacher. Is very willing to help when you need it. The thing I didn't like about him is that when writing the test and making the key if he couldn't take the test in an x amount of time he took off questions, and he doesn't give a lot of part credit. He doesn't take up homework.
He's an amazing teacher! No, his class is not easy, and you do have to put in effort but you learn the material so well by the end of the semester. He truly does care and will do everything that he can to help you. He's funny and entertaining in class and has a VERY good understanding of the material. Take him if you for sure!!
He is a great teacher. Use your SI and the mathematics lab and you will do fine. If you try to slack your grades will show it. It was a great class overall.
Learned a lot. You learned by doing and he helps you when needed. He's NOT going to lay everything out for you and do the assignments for you, that should be understood. All the reviews saying hes not helpful are ignorant. Good teacher who has a lot to give if you work hard.
He is okay overall; does play favorites at times but at the end of the day he just wants students to learn.
Very polite. Expects his students to learn, do the homework, and be present.
Do not take COS470. It is a graduate level course (don't be fooled by it being an undergrad elective) and the homework for it will take 80% of your spare time. If you do not know lisp, do not take this course. Otherwise you'll be fighting it the entire time to do basic programming. But the tests are fair and informative, and the lectures are fun.
Lectures were fine. The textbook felt unnecessary and the TAs were useless. Made it really hard to do well but his grading seemed to be fairly generous at the end. I would take the class again but never with the TAs we had.
He goes through his slides quickly and introduces a brand new topic every class, making it hard to follow at times. The test questions are very difficult, but he gives generous partial credit. Make sure you ask him questions so he can clarify the material. Some homework problems require reading the book.
This is a very hard class, that's just how it is. But Turner is very willing to give help if you're willing to go talk to him. If he sees that you are putting effort into the class, he will be much more willing to scalehelp. Really the only complaint is the textbook. He's writing it as the class progresses, and it has a lot of errors.
This class is a lot of work.
Lectures have a bunch of information but are pretty monotone and boring as the Professor just reads and talks for the most part. Not a lot of information is important or useful. Lectures are not recorded but a midterm review document is shared before the midterm. Lot of information to learn for the exams and not a lot of time to write it in.
She was hard to follow because she doesn't use slides. she was very nice & funny. Grade was based on discussion, one midterm, and one final. No assignments, the only thing she assigns is readings, which are covered in class. Gives study guides which were almost identical to the exams. Overall was an easy A if you attend lectures and actually study.
Professor Dubois is very knowledgeable and knows what she is talking about. Your grade is based on discussion participation, one midterm, and the final. She doesn't use slides so lectures can be hard to follow.
Professor DuBois is generally a great lecturer. The midterm and final are writing heavy, but she gives out a good study guide. She does talk a lot about sex and is more critical of some ancient religions than others. Reading can be dull, but it's all covered in the lectures. Your TA will really make or break your experience.
Professor DuBois is clearly very knowledgeable, and she often talks about sex in interesting ways. However, I often find myself bored in her class and unable to concentrate for too long. She also talks slowly then quickly. The grades really depend on your TA, and mine assigned lots of hw while others didn't, but overall it wasn't hard to get an A.
Your grade in the class really depends on how the TA grades your two critical analysis + final. My TA did not read my essay thoroughly, ended up giving me a low score that I had fixed. duBoiss lectures are very lengthy, but she is funny - however, sometimes she starts slurring and I miss out on who exactly or what she is talking about.
Honestly, she's a really nice professor but like others mentioned, TAs basically do everything. Her lectures are not very interesting and sometimes leaves me confused about what she's talking about. I thought her final exam was a bit unfair.. it was 2 essays "designed to be 3 hrs long" but she asked for detailed citations and 2000 words max
Dubois's class is very lecture heavy, however you don't need to go to do well in the class because she gives clear study guides for tests. Lectures can be boring, but interesting if you engage. The final is a lot harder than the midterm, so I suggest studying hard to do well on the midterm so that you have some leeway with the final!
Prof Dubois is really nice but her lectures consist of her talking upfront with no slides or anything so it can be a little hard to pay attention. Attendance is mandatory because she does pop quizzes to test you on the readings. Graded on an 8-10 page paper that can be written about anything as long as it relates to greek and roman mythology.
Your grades totally depends on your TA, but the exams were fairly easily if you studied the exam guide. BTW, the extra credit did help your final grade.
It seems like you'd either love or dislike her. I wasn't a big fan of her lectures since she doesn't use powerpoint slides and her voice makes me fall asleep. Her lectures are basically the textbook readings with some added details. Had a lot less readings than my friends in Herbst's. Midterm was easy and final was alright though.
There was a final this quarter. And it kinda sucked cuz it wasn't just like the study guide so make sure you don't piss her off by not going to lecture or something. Your grade depends on your TA (my TA was so harsh :c ) but in general, everyone hates mmw.
Super easy. Midterms exactly like studyguide. You don't have to show up to class or even do the reading. Regarding grading however, it's really up to which TA you get.
I felt a little guilty about having Dubois for MMW while watching the other students have to do real work for the other MMW professors. Nevertheless, I was extremely pleased to be taught by Dubois because 1) the midterm was very easy if you paid any attention to lectures and 2) the final was optional this quarter. Mandatory discussions, of course
easy A class, nice to have for your first MMW course. midterm/final are exactly like the study guides
Professor Dubois sometimes seems to go out of the scope of the curriculum material to make borderline anti-semitic comments. She has a friendly demeanor but some of her comments are unsettling and often quite unfounded.
Great lecturer, gives you an outline at the beginning of class. Tests were based upon the slides she showed in lecture, passage ID's, ID's and essays. This class is only horrible if you have a bad TA. The proffessor is awesome, and she has an intersting sense of style.
He is a decent professor. He is pretty funny and a nice guy but his lecture are kind of boring. The quizes do not represent the lecture material that well. They are more often representative of the homework material. The quizes are pretty difficult so you will want to do the homework and get help from the TA
he's a bit hard to understand, but his lectures are very good. i only went to class and sections(didn't even touch the book), and still got good scores on the quizzes. he's very entertaining.
You'll probably enjoy lectures just because he makes fun of kids, he's really funny. But me and my friends found his old quizzes online and he repeats like 60-80% of the questions, depending on the quiz, but he took them down now. I'm getting an A because of those. If you actually do the homework, you should be set, unless you're bad at physics.
Funny guy...goes off-topic quite a bit to lighten the mood...his quizzes, to this point, does not exactly reflect the homework, but then again, if you're not really into physics, physics is going to be hard in general...
Good teacher if you can keep up with his lectures. Just study the homework and his examples in class and you'll ace every quiz. The class is overall easy and I enjoyed the set up.
His weekly quizzes are online, and he usually repeats them every quarter. Nobody should be getting anything lower than a B in this class. If you are, you should really consider changing your major so that it doesn't relate to physics.
Schuller uses some of the old quizzes from Dubin and probably other professors too. The thing about Physics 2A is that lots of the quiz questions are just recycled from previous quarters.
Professor Hoeger was super nice and his lectures were amazing. I found I really understood the material after he lectures. He gives a LOT of homework though. Like 50 problems a chapter each week. I was kind of scared of him but he is overall a funny good guy.
Long lectures with lots of homework, but I feel like I learned. Overall I didn't do great on quizzes/exams, but there is a huge curve (cut off to a C or P was 55% for us). He knows what he's talking about, but it can be a lot. Definitely not an easy class, but if you try you'll be ok.
Will use scare tactics to make you study. Watch organic chemistry tutor on YouTube to learn Bc Hoegers lectures are very concept heavy with little to no examples. Exams are fair. Theres a thicccc curve so dont be scared if your exam scores are low
Hes not bad at teaching 40A but he makes it very hard to enjoy his class. He really isnt very encouraging. He assigns a huge amount of homework and his second midterm is pretty hard (the first one is fair). If you take him just make sure you have enough time for his sapling assignments.
Do NOT read the textbook! Only skim before lectures, but study using the lecture slides and by doing the homework problems from the syllabus. His quizzes and midterms usually have questions that are very similar to these. The office hours are super useful and he curves. Could've been a great teacher if he didn't spend the first 15 mins ranting.
His class was extremely difficult because he does so in depth. Without podcast I would have been a dead man. I somehow got 5 points above avg on the first midterm and 11 points above on the second. But the final was 90% material that was crammed into the last three lectures (mechanisms, synthesis, etc.) and I was not prepared at all.
I respect Dr. Hoeger and I certainly agree that he can teach organic chemistry well. However, his teaching style was just not for me. I did well in 40A/B but found myself feeling overwhelmed and discouraged in 40C. Provides a vast range of info in his slides which makes it hard to prepare for exams. You will learn alot, but don't expect an A.
Hoeger knows that ochem is hard and gives generous curve with a huge B range to compensate. However, if you want an A, you need to be at the top of the class. Being above average on exams doesn't mean anything unless you're naturally getting Bs or As without the curve.
Ochem is not easy at all and his lectures haven't helped me to pass any of his midterms. I had to do all the work from reading to doing homework and did not end up with the grade I wanted. Only 4 people in the class got As based on the grade history tool. He is better than others but you gotta kick butt for an A.
Dr. Hoeger is strict, but his lectures are clear. Exams and the final are very difficult. Also, grading is very tough. Doing homework problems should help you do well in the class. Make sure you know 140B material because you're going to see it a lot during the course. He uses powerpoint and there is podcast.
I took Chem 4 just to refresh chemistry knowledge I took sophomore year in high school. I thought the class would be somewhat easy but if you don't take this class seriously you will most likely have a VERY hard time. He assigns HW and labs every week, which often times are very confusing. His tests are the worst though. However, he does curve well
Hoeger's class can seem daunting, but if you go to lectures, do the homework, and at least manage to pass all the tests and quizzes, grading and the curve are very generous. He's very strict on the syllabus, and his tests are tough, but he gives you some room for error by dropping your lowest score before calculating your final grade. Very nice man
Avoid, he really makes you work for it. I would try a new professor. Johnson is nicer, but she used to be his student. They test the same way and similar teaching style.
If he had been in a subject I liked or even needed, I would have liked him. He's tough on students but works with you to help you pass his class - curve is very generous. Only problem is if you aren't fast at picking up subjects, his lectures blow you by because he goes through each topic so quickly.
Dr. Hoeger is a good professor ! He explain well and have a tons of funny stories to tell ! But be careful, his exams and final are hard as hell ! If you have a good chemistry foundation or you are interested in chemistry then take him, you will learn alot ! Trust me ! He will make you learn !
If you are interested in chemistry take him. However, if you are not interested, his class is very difficult. His lectures a long, but he interjects jokes and anecdotes. I found his test very difficult, but he does curve generously and wants his students to pass.
Dr.H's class is very difficult but not impossible if you're willing to put time and effort. He understands that Org Chem is very tough to understand for students. I am very grateful that I learned a lot from him. He is awesome.
Professor Hoeger's class is not easy, even with prior chemistry knowledge. My only recommendation would be to not take his classes at 8 AM if at all possible, because it is very easy to fall asleep in his class.
Good lecturer, very difficult tests. You'll learn a lot if you put in a lot. Go to office hours for best results; he's very chill. Great prof. You have to put in work for the grade you want - no handouts.
Hoeger is a tough teacher and his exams really test your knowledge of the class. He is above average in teaching but he moves too slowly and leaves little time to study before tests. You have to dedicate a lot of time to this class. He only does 8AMs &iClicker for attendance; he does podcasts but the annotated slides from lecture are more helpful.
It's ridiculously difficult to get an A in this class - the exams are just way hard. The homework is fairly difficult, quizzes are okay, but the exams are killer. He had this "Midterm 3" thing which is an exam you don't actually take - it's your final score divided by 2. So if you do worse on the final than your midterms, you get double screwed.
I hate how his lectures are mandatory and at 8AM. Otherwise, he's a pretty good professor with fair tests. You'll be fine if you simply do the ARIS homework. He has lots of office hours so even people with other chem professors come to him!
Hoeger is extremely knowledgeable. I had him for gen chem series and for 140C. His midterms are definitely challenging but still fair; everything on the test was discussed during lecture or directly from the homework problems. In order to succeed in the class, one had to keep up/review the lectures and work diligently on hw.
Well, Hoeger is a good professor. Take him if you want to kill your GPA though. He's tough, but he sets a good foundation for you. His class is weird though, it seems like he doesn't give a curve at all.
He thinks being sarcastic and making immature jokes makes him cool or something. Has no respect or care for students. Otherwise, a solid lecturer with fair tests.
The class average is usually 50% so the curve is low. If you're ok at chem then you should take him. He doesn't really do any examples so do your hw.Really hard exams!!
Hard teacher, hard class but he's entertaining. if you show up and do your work you will do okay. He grades on a curve. My biggest complaint is that he's not super clear on what will be on the tests.
Hard class, he is a little rough on the students.
this class was stupid...he favors all the girls and teaches completely random stuff...he tests you on random material that's not even in the book in order to get the curve to be lower...don't be fooled by this class!! he has a horrible attitude also...i went to his office hours and he completely just blew me off like i was no one
He is a great professor. His exams are hard, but he curves the class so it's possible to fail all exams and get a C. Gives credit for attendance, although it is not mandatory. Puts his powerpoints online and also podcasts, so it is possible to get material without attending class..his explanations do help though, so I would recommend going to class
OK teacher, sort of makes you feel stupid for asking questions sometimes. 1st midterm not bad, so he made up for it and more on the 2nd and had pizza delivered during test. fair grades overall, average is B. HW checked, 4 quizes, get to drop something in end. students learn a lot and it is worthwhile even though intimidating to take this class.
he knows what he's teaching, tests can be kinda hard so you gotta study a lot and review notes. he seems alright though. only recommend him for chem4
hes hard, but he knows his stuff. lectures are slightly boring, so you really need to read and study hard because his tests are killer.
The greatest professor EVER!!! Did absolutely nothing besides cramming for the midterms and final and got away with a C. A solid C too! Failed all of the quizzes, hardly went to class, hardly listen to the podcast and at the end life is good. His midterms and final are crazy hard, but the curves saves your butt, like mine.
he speaks loud and clear and teaches what you should know to move on to the next course
twisted yet amusing sense of humor. good teacher, you learn a lot and he really prepares you for CHem6A...you don't wanna get on his bad side though
Rude. Tests can completely boggle your mind, the questions are much harder than we were prepared for, and then he gets really mad, and yells, when the scores are lower than he wants them to be.
He can be very rude and insulting yet he knows his stuff. Take his class if you want to really learn chemistry but expect that his tests are very hard.
wtf was with the grading? tests are representative of lectures/hw but he throws tricky**** in there just to watch students stress out. avoid this class if you can unless your only other option is prof. rice
Rude and abnoxious, led hard to follow lectures with a side of killer tests
His tests are way too hard! The practice midterms are not helpful at all!!!
good teacher. He explains the materials well enough. Funny at times. But those labs are a pain; you should know what you're doing. Tests are easy enough if you read the text and do the hw problems. Oh, make sure you go to the lectures.
irritated guy with bad personality.Freaking hard tests.Use alot of time to evaluate formulas but seldom talk about homework problems or exercises. If you are smart enough to catch up with his lecture, it might be fun.
don't take this class unless you like to study a lot. i made the mistake of taking this spring quarter when all i feel like doing is sleep or fun things that aren't chemistry. maybe you'll like it if chemistry is fun to you. hoeger is pretty arrogant.
He's a great teacher, but really tough. Don't take him for Chem 6B and beyond. You have to do a lot of work to get a decent grade. I couldn't keep up with his pace and was forced to drop. Don't take him! seriously... Take****mel.
THE HARDEST CLASS I'VE EVER TAKEN!!!! I will never take Honors again. I've failed almost everything so far, just like everyone else in my class. Professor Hoeger is alright though, he can be very egotistical and cocky but sometimes he's funny.
He's a pretty good chem teacher, not too boring in his lectures.
Not hot at all, hes kind of fat and has grey hair. He is a clear, although quite boring lecturer, with a hard midterm and final. Basically, do a lot of work and expect to get a B. There are better MMW profs. out there - although this one knows his stuff. He always asks himself questions, and then answers himself. Weird.
Chamberlain's lectures are good, too bad the whole course is graded by the TA's. If you have a good TA you're good to go. A little difficult to sit through as a Christian because he isn't open to Christian beliefs; instead, he tries to prove them wrong.
Quirky kind of professor, but not that great at teaching. Lectures are just rewritten notes in the book. The material isn't that bad though, especially the way he teaches it. His TA, Oscar, is AWESOME! Go to his OH! Oscar pretty much taught the class. Every quiz and exam has a curveball, so know the material well.
I had no previous programming experience and still managed an A-. As long as you try on all your homework and quizes, you'll probably get an A or B. He doesn't like to fail students. If you read the book, there tends to be alot of homework directly from it (word for word). The final, however, was harder than I expected.
I had no previous programming experience AT ALL and still managed to get a B. The final quiz is super tough (I spent 12 or so hours on it) but the TAs were hott (so going to lab every week wasn't a bad thing) and Prof. Murakami was pretty funny. Lectures didn't help much- unless you went to finish your homework.
Very thick accent, but you get used to it (sit near the front!). Easy to get an "A" if you bring a laptop to class, because he usually does most of the homework in class (if not, look in his textbook - the sample programs are very similar, or sometimes exactly, like the homework/quizzes). VERY amiable, but don't try to ask questions after class.
Easy class, and I've never taken programming before. HW/Quizzes are take home, so if you can't do them, you can find someone else to do it. Clarity=1 because I never went to class, ie first day was the final. Last quiz is really hard, but other than that easy A if you do your work.
Fairly easy class except for the really hard final, but he is willing to answer ANY question related to C even if its stupid as hell, I think he has stock in Johnson and Johnson because he talked the company alot. Though he does make the class really inter
Difficult to understand but funny. Class difficult for those who have absolutely no background in computers. Just go to labs where unlimited help will be provided and will understand how to build programs better...Final ridiculously hard (took ppl an average of 15 hrs to finish).
It's a rough class if you aren't used to computer programming. He's not bad, he gives you a lot of help but sometimes he confuses you. His accent can make things a bit more difficult, too.
Very helpful, but hard to understand. He usually gives a lot of hints on homework/quizzes in class, so as long as you show up for lecture it's not bad.
he's very helpful & willing to help his students. go to lecture & lab hrs, he 'helps' you w/hw & quizzes. read the book, exam/hw questions are similar to examples. however, his accent is hard to understand sometimes, but he's a funny guy!
Notice I gave him a 5 for helpfulness, but a 1 for clarity. I dont have a clue what he says or what he wants me to do, but he tries his best to help. He designs the class so it's easier to get an A though since it's take home final.
Professor Murakami has the unenviable job of teaching programming to people who have never had any programming experience before. With that said, even if you haven't had any experience, the class isn't too hard. Murakami will reward you if you go to lec
Murakami is the ****ing man. He is my homie.
He's a very nice guy and will guide you through programming homework but you can't understand a word he says and lectures are so boring.
He's very helpful and nice, holds lab hours and helps everyone on their homework. This class might be hard if you haven't had programming before though. I hadn't, and I did well on all the hw and quizzes but didn't know how to do 2/5 final programs..
His lectures are very difficult to understand, although he is funny and helpful. Homework/quiz problems are found almost exactly in his book, so it is easy to ace these. If you attend the labs, the class should be an easy 'A' (80% of the class gets A's).
Professor Wenzl is an excellent person who clearly cares for his students, but often times he's underprepared for the lectures. Occasionally he gets confused himself and that doesn't help the students. Overall if you know vector calculus its easy A but his homework is usually long and repetitive, they don't help you learn much.
Took him for Math 142A and 142B. Even though they're supposed to be easier than Math 140A and 140B, I still found them rather difficult. Professor has a really heavy accent so it can be difficult to understand sometimes. Make sure you do and understand the homework.
He's really easy and allows a cheat sheet for midterms~ so that helps a lot cause you dont have to memorize all the different terms :) he has an accent so it sounds like he's mumbling sometimes. i never refer to my notes that i take in class... i just read over the chapters to do hw.
First lecture was ehh but it got better. He seems really nice. Lectures are a little boring but that might be cause I knew most of the info going in (easy A). I really dont think hes as bad as everyone else says but 10C is the easier series, but as a person I think hes nice. He doesn't explain math in depth though, like what the concept means.
Fair tests. A nice guy.
Professor Gacs is very knowledgeable and interesting person. He provides a very clear structure to the course. His lecture notes are succinct and clear. He is a stickler for attendance and playing truant will affect your grades negatively. He is also very patient in his office hours, so do make good use of that.
I loved it when Dr. Artesani brought in those beautiful high school students to teach us Cotton Eye Joe. I hope she brings them back in again!!
Very smart man, but very boring. He talks in a monotone voice so drink plenty of caffine before going to class. He posts tests from prior semesters on his website which are extremely helpful study tools. The tests are extremely hard. Small details can make a question wrong so you always have to read the questions VERY CAREFULLY!
he is a nice guy but the class is impossible. on the first exam i thought i did very well and i actually got like a 45%. once you fail one exam it is so hard to bring your grade up i ended up just giving up on the class and i stopped going. i would not reccommend him unless you already have an interest in econ.
ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS. Was in large class, never collected homework. Over 60% of class failed 2/3 exams and he blamed us. Always tells you to take test online, they are nothing like the test you are going to get. Unless you are amazing at Econ, DO NOT TAKE. FRESHMAN - AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Nice, smart guy ...Lame useless teacher. Barely Passable
Joe is a good guy that knows a lot about economics. The key to getting an A in his class is making sure you attend class even though he makes it clear you dont have to. even if you dont take notes just showing up will help. theres no hw and just 4 tests. this makes it difficult if you fail one but just study hard for each one and youll get an A.
he is boring no doubt and you must go to class and have to take notes . i would suggest reading the chapter before hoe goes over it in class , but he is willing to help you. although i would not take him again
Very knowledgeable and teaches like a text book. Nice and helpful but tried to meet up with him to ask him some questions and his office and he stood me up. Has previous exams and if you study those before the exam and go over notes than your pretty much set.
extremely boring, gives a massive amount of notes on an over head, 3 hard exams, posts prior exams online which help, not an impossible class but you learn to dread going which makes it easy to fall behind
he tells you the first day of class that 25% of people will fail his first exam - he's telling the truth. lots of people drop his class. his exams aren't as hard as he makes them out to be, study and you'll do fine. he's not great but he's not horrible. take micro before you take macro if you can.
One of the best professors the ECON department has to offer. I went to almost every class, took a few notes, took all of his past tests that he posted online, and I got an A and was exempt from the final. I was one of the 4 people to do this out of his 60 students. The rest of them probably all hated him.
Very confusing. Tests are hard, you have to study for hours to be able to at least pass with a C. Tries his best to be nice and helpful, just an overall poorly taught class.
Take this class if you're are willing to read the book and always attend class, it will be very easy if you keep up and very hard if you fall behind, i thought this was a good class and i learned a lot.
Teaches off the overhead and follows the book. Study for his exams, he puts old ones up on his website for everyone to look at. Has a very dry sense of humor and a weird laugh, likes to tell stories. Nice guy, seems bitter about something tho.
Just go to class and take notes, all of his notes is overhead, Don't need to study and Don't need to read, but before any exam just take his OLD EXAM. After talking his OLD EXAM, easy Solid B. REMEMBER TAKE HIS OLD EXAM.
he is a good teacher and you can tell her loves econ. but it is very hard B
tests hard as hell
As someone who has worked in the industry as a Software Engineer, Dr. Hu's methods of teaching help train you for the real world. Dr. Hu keeps in contact with many of us and brings that back to the class room. The best way I can put it, he teaches you how to learn. Take advantage of the special course topics, there is a reason why they are there.
Knowledgable but not always clear. Very friendly. Tries to be helpful but cannot always understand why a student does not understand a concept. Cultural teaching barrier: teaches basics, lets you figure out the rest.
I took calculus before so the class wasn't as hard however, his tests are only 10 problems usually and each is worth a ton and he doesn't give partial credit usually so you have to exact. No calculators for his class and random quizzes in class from time to time. Hw is easy all done on an online program no effort, will you learn calculus, maybe.
AVOID HER IF AT ALL POSSIBLE...painfully boring lectures that prove of little use for the exams. it's a mystery where her test questions come from, but she is a nice lady. too bad nice doesnt get you an A...
Amazing lecturer, mkaes you think, approaches every topic from every angle, but be wary of his tests. He may look for something specific, ask it in a convoluted way, and give 0 on a 25 pt question, no matter how much you know if you don't hit a tiny poin
This class is really dumb and easy. The grading system seems hard but he is very generous with points. Half the class didn't take the final because he said it couldn't hurt your grade and we already had A's.
The material for this class is hard. No matter who you take it with, you will want to rip your hair out, but I suggest taking it with Bellamy. He is brilliant and incredibly fair. Homework is harder than the exam. He gives you definitions and formulas during the exam. Unique grading scale but it can work in your favor.
not the best at explaining the material, but it's honestly not bad. Exam problems are much easier than homework problems and the discussion/TA helps a lot.
Hard class but if you took AP Bio you are set. Be prepared to teach yourself after each lecture. You have to knit together bits and pieces of her lecture and make connections she doesn't point out in class. Tests were easy for me but very hard for others. She gives practice tests but you really need to understand the material thoroughly.
AP Bio saved my butt for this class. The content is rather difficult and so are her exams. There were some ugly multiple choice questions! She has the information that you need, but you need to go to her to get it.
He is so funny. You need to go to class because his textbook doesn't have all the information, and go to the review sessions! He's good to go to in his office hours as are his very helpful TAs. The problem sets get easier with time but his exams get harder and harder, especially the final, but he scales them weirdly. Not hard to pass, but a hard A.
Its a very easy class. Just study before the night of the exam and you will be fine. He has practice exams and studying review guides which are very helpful. Class is extremely boring, you will fall asleep a lot be prepared
tough grader on the essays. powerpoint slides are vague so you need to go to class to get everything. ridiculous amount of reading. 2 novels and 2 textbooks. he helped write one of the textbooks so you can imagine just how much reading there is
Class is pretty damn boring. I never went to class BUT i READ the entire book (it sucked the life outta me) and made my own notes. If you think your an above average or an excellent student take this course because its based on two exams which are graded on a z-score curve.
His tests were hard, his class really didn't help at all. Doing the homework and studying is how to get a good grade. You basically have to learn it yourself. The curve is amazing so hope you do okay and everyone else bombs and you will be fine.
Bailey is a good teacher, she moves through things very fast. Very open with her office hours and if you take this class as an SLA it's extremely helpful and I recommend it! The SLA teacher gives you all of the questions of the exams and quizzes before hand. Bailey has a surprise quiz every thursday, usually pretty easy.
If you can get a different prof, do it. She's not bad, but she doesn't seem to care about math and isn't very good at teaching it. The exams and quizes were easy, but sometimes in class you'll have no idea what's going on.
She is nice outta class, but really horrible at explaining the work. I don't recommend her at all!
She is not too bad. Make sure you attend class everyday; she assigns random quizzes and randomly collects homework.
Hope you like to listen to him laughing at his own jokes. Thats all the class is
Mr. Buckridge is a great teacher who is very passionate about what he teaches. Tips for his class: 1. DO NOT hand write your notes, he talks a lot and fast. 2. participate in class, he does grade you based on participation 3. create a short & simple study guide before each quiz and you'll get an easy A 4. he will tell you need the book, you don't
She is a good prof. I would recommend her, she is one of the better ones for BIO 120. IT IS A HARD CLASS! Compared to other people I have talked to taking BIO 120 she is one of the better ones. Makes lectures fun and is more than willing to help if you need it! She also gives a ton of extra credit which is helpful in a class like this!
Easy class for your science lecture. Zeman is a good teacher and is really smart. She marks you down on lots of stuff but that participation grade helps at the end. Good teacher, interesting class.
Bio was a hard class but Professor Zeman really helped to make everything as understandable as possible. She gives a pretty good amount of extra credit on the tests but you have to show up to class to receive the points. I highly recommend her!
Hard prof, the key to her class is ask ???'s and you'll do fine
tough, but I learned twice as much in lab as in the lecture
Great Professor! She's been teaching at GVSU forever and is very passionate about Genetics. Her exams and quizzes are not too difficult, if you study her notes. Write down everything she says, whether it seems relevant at the time or not. She has a lot of office hours and is willing to meet with students. I'd recommend her!
she makes lecture interesting, but quizzes are hard.She changes content slight each semester, so the past quizzes and exams she posts for study purposes are useless.Powerpoints are a MAJOR part of quizzes and exams so attendance is a must.If you go to class and understand the topics you will do fine.Book is a nice resource, but it is not required
A VERY hard course, but a great prof. The material is very interesting, on the flip side the exams and quizzes are very tricky...study a lot and attend class and you will do fine.
Read the chapters and you will be fine.....can skip as often as needed!!
UNCLESO UNCLEAR!!!! This guy doesnt know what he wants. Material so dry, needs to spice it up. Slow class, although we never went the whole time (1:00-2:15), which was nice. 3 tests (they suck, study guides help) and keeps attendance buy opinion quizzes for 100 pts total.
Recently started teaching 322 and he has no idea what he is doing. Knows his stuff, but doesn't convey the information well to the students. You will end up doing well in the class, but you won't learn a thing and will struggle in 422.
Didnt open my book for the first half of the class. Watch out for his multiple choice questions because you really need to know your stuff to answer them correctly. Good guy but i feel like his tests are trying to trick you which is not to cool.
OK! People, heed this advice--> GO TO CLASS AND BE ON-TIME! if you aren't on-time then don't forget to sign the sign-in sheet!Your overall grade will drop a full letter if you miss more than 2 classes. Also, take notes...lots of notes. The book wasn't really used in class, but it helps when you are studying for tests.
If you can come to terms with the fact he will never stop saying "am I makin sense?" or "fair enough?" you will be fine. Come to class and participate. THAT is what your grade is based on. Talk to him out of class and you'll score yourself at least a B regardless of what you get on tests and papers!!!
You never know where you stand in the class, you never get assignments back.
I really respected Professor Matchett, and I found his lectures extremely funny at times, but I did feel like his lectures were very rushed. He's a very knowledgable man, but it felt that his vast knowledge of chemistry made it difficult for him to see from an almost beginning chemistry student's perspective.
Swift is a tough teacher and is hard to please, but she really knows her stuff! The two projects were a great way to learn the material step by step.. Unfortunately, there were parts that were lacking direction on what to do next. She expects a LOT from her students and I felt unprepared at first. You have to work very hard to get a good grade.
hard tests, law vocab. hard to understand but overall learned a lot from Swift
Not the easiest Professor by far. He's test are very difficult and the only thing to study from is the outline and the notes you take in class along with the reading. However he is very interesting and has lots of good examples.
not that hard of a class, little boring, but not bad
Walked away with a B. I didn't do a single assignment. I did well on the 6 tests, and made sure to participate in class. I wouldn't recommend this professor to my worst enemy. The tests were unbelievably difficult, and quizzes were graded (in my opinion) far too strictly.
I actually liked professor burg. he talks a lot. but he is super nice and is willing to help if you need it. the class is hard because there are a ton of lab reports but he will let you turn them in early and make corrections to them so when you turn in the final lab report there is no reason you shouldn't get an A. i would recommend him.
If you are taking BMS 290 because you want to be a doctor/PA/Dentist or whatever in the medical field take Dr. Burg. He prepares you for what is to come. He doesn't let those that cram and spit it out on the exam only to forget about it succeed. Learned/taught myself a lot in this class. Highly recommend
Not as bad as you hear. I was worried after reading these comments, but tests were not bad at all if you can master the notes. Lecture on the other hand is quite hard to follow....he goes off on tangents sometimes. He's a good guy, a little different, but not a bad professor at all. I had 100% going into the final...he gives extra credit!
Boring! Talks about how much work he has to do and how far behind he is. Always last class that he grades assignments for. If you memorize the material you will do fine on the two test. One group project that spans the semsters culminating in prest. and research paper. Graded with critical eye!
Very unusual and boring. But first two tests go down like butter, if you dont get lazy on the last two you will be fine. Staying awake hardest task in this class, does complain about grading, but I don't know why people complain about it, ignore, ignore. Great for lab though.
Not a very good prof... but he's very willing to help students who want help.
Such an easy A!!! On the final he asks you what grade you deserve and just hype yourself up and he'll give it to you! Not an interesting class at all but cant complain because it was so easy!
Don't let eveyone's opinion scare you. I learned more in this class than I imagined I could gain in one semester. Get ready to be on your toes...but if you really want to learn spanish, I recommend him, not recommended for slackers.
good teacher, get on his good side or you will be SOL
good guy.. interesting.. funny. lectures not too bad. but in my opinion, the class lacked structure. sometimes his lectures are all over the place and i didn't know what to focus on. pretty easy class.. but if you like structure.. definetly don't take him
G'Day Mate! This class is interesting because you get to work out in the community. I liked his style, but things seemed to pile on at the end of the semester. Take good notes and your assignments will be much easier. Overall, Rich is a good guy and is an interesting professor.
Attend class. Imperative. Great teacher, very smart. Extra credit available, rewrites on tests. I learned a lot, totally enjoyed the class.
Prof. Estrada is a really nice guy, he tries to crack dry jokes sometimes. However, he has a heavy Columbian accent which makes it kind of tough and boring to focus during lectures. However, he is very intent on teaching his students things that they can put to use in real life, like the night sky and such. Nice guy, just tough to stay awake.
Hes a great guy and is very knowledgeable about astronomy. His accent is a little hard to understand and hes a little softspoken but if you listen up hes a good prof
Really nice, knowledgable professor. A little bit hard to understand, but if you can't make out what he said just ask him to repeat it--he won't be offended. Tests and in-class assignments are the only grades, definitely study for the tests. Doesn't take attendance. Read the chapters twice before the tests and take notes, it will help a lot.
If you're willing to learn, he'll teach you, otherwise, stop complaining!
There are quizzes every week based on what you went over that week. Overall, the class isn't difficult you just have to put the effort in and make sure you're paying attention and following up with the readings.
the class material wasn't easy, but it was interesting so it didn't seem as hard. he is a pretty straight forward professor. he adds some dry humor into his lectures too lol. there's a weekly 5 question quiz, those are easy. the two exams were more difficult than expected, but not terrible.
I found his lectures very interesting, but tests were worded hard to trick you. Grades were only 12 five point POP quizzes, midterm, and final. He drops the two lowest quizzes but still. You have to read the book bc he does quizzes either at beginning or end of class. He doesn't care to learn your name, and there are probs easier profs out there.
Definitely one of the toughest graders I have ever had. Myself, as well as a number of my classmates who are very good writers (and have receieved above avg. grades on papers in other classes)receive less than satisfactory scores on the papers for this class, which is really discouraging. Make sure you do the reqadings bc there are pop-quizes.
The class is very tough. Dr. Reynolds is a very understanding prof and will help whenever you need it. His tests are really difficult (avg. class grade between 50 and 60). He is all over the place in lecture and has no presentations to keep him organized. He knows the material so well he often takes shortcuts that don't make sense to students.
I was really looking forward to this class before taking it, but I was greatly disappointed at his approach. It was more of a general physics class rather than astronomy, he took a very boring approach, and most of the stuff we talked about was related to geology or math rather than astronomy. He's a nice guy, but this was a huge disappointment.
He doesnt make you do the tutorials in the book. Easy class. Lectures are boring and worthless because test comes OUT OF THE BOOK. The lab is the only time you actually have to do assignments though. Easy class!
Not a difficult class if you study the notes she gives you. Her exams are almost straight off of the notes. She tends to stick to her opinion, and don't raise your hand to ask a question or voice an opinion. There is a good chance she will ridicule you.
Very nice but very frustrating when you need to ask questions/in her grading
I was entertained by his lectures, and he usually got the class to laugh a few times. However, he was not the best at explaining the course material. I had covered nearly all the material in high school, so I did not find the course too difficult. I did feel intimidated to ask questions in class, but I felt comfortable visiting during office hours.
Might come off as kind of a B at first, but it got better as the semester went on. Seems like no one did good on any of the tests or quizzes, but she curved everything in the end. If you take this class post-2008, you might be driven crazy because the VM Ware totally screws everything up when you go in lab and try to save/send things.
It's a pretty easy class. Basically self taught. Do labs outside of class because you can't finish them in class. Tests are easy if you study; 5pt quiz every week on upcoming chapter. READ and they will give you easy points.
As far as teaching the classics go, Levitan is great. He's funny, smart, and knows the material front to back. He explains things in a different way to help students better understand and get involved. This class was difficult, quizzes and tests called for specifics, but if you're interested in the classics, Levitan's your guy.
I don't mind the work, but I dislike being forced to do something that I would rather not do. He's extremely ill-tempered and he yells all the time. Very unhelpful, but clear on what HE wants. He doesn't bother asking any students what they want. Get far away...
it's not a real hard class but it's boring because he really does talk the whole time and he blabs a lot. nice guy though. read the assignments and you'll pass the quizzes, he usually does pass/fail. midterm was pretty rough because he doesn't go much in class.
Not a great teacher
very nice guy but very confused and hard to understand his accent
Prof Haidar expects a lot of work out of his students but it's understandable for a tough concept like differential equations. He grades hard but he curves hard as well on exams. His class policies were great in making a tough course workable. ALWAYS PARTICIPATE IN CLASS FOR BONUS POINTS.
The class seems confusing at first and yes it remains confusing, but he really does try to help and wants you to do well. I'm not that smart and I didn't even try, and I still pulled off a B- (I honestly don't know how) But really he is definitely better than his rating on here.
If you are prepared to write a ton of papers then this is the class for you! She is not an extremely difficult grader. Lots of reading and be ready for some discussion. Pretty boring class! Good luch keeping up with the work load!
Prof is super nice but not a good teacher. Lectures are just reading from the slides (boring) and impromptu group projects every week. Exams are tough and not well written. However her grading isn't the worst I've seen. Good luck trying to get an A
Professor Danko knows what she is talking about, but her methods compared to other professors' are over-complicated. If you excel in math by doing handwritten assignments, then good luck because this is all online based and the notes don't help as much as they should. I found statistics to be far easier than accounting and it shouldn't be.
Professor White is a very tough professor when it comes to grading. She's not afraid to tell you that your paper is terrible and needs to be redone. She's more than happy to assist you with your paper if you're struggling but you have to ask! I would take her again for another course, and suggest you take her.
She's a nice lady who is always willing to help, but the lectures are repetitive and extremely boring. The tests are not fair at all. She creates them out of reading and study guides that she provides before hand, but I completed every single one and studied for 8+ hours for each test and still didn't get one A. They are ridiculous.
Good teacher, but test and quizzes are very very hard (no matter how long you study, you will still question your grade)
Copenhaver is a great teacher! He's extremely difficult though. I had to have a lot of 1 on 1 time with him so he could re explain the material to me. However, he totally respected me for doing this. So that's highly recommended. He also doesn't pick on you as much if you see him for help. See him before seeing a tutor so you know what he wants.
Music Theory I& II move very fast and if you don't come in for extra help with Doc Copenhaver, you WILL fall behind as I did. Part of the reason I burnt out on Mus Ed cause I couldn't keep up with theory or him. Great cellist though and personable guy outside of class.
Prof. Jinn is a great guy. Really funny and he learns and remembers everyone's names. He is good at teaching this subject. This class is one I dreaded taking and I wound up liking to go to it because of the fun stories and atmosphere. Love him!
Very good at being available to help students. He doesn't hand it to you, you need to work hard for your grade, meet with him, do the readings and pay attention in class. I saw my writing skills increase over the course of his class where I didnt feel I learned too much
The best history professor you can find. He makes history interesting and he's a very charming and funny guy. Definitely take him if you aren't a fan of HST, but need it for Gen Eds.
Tripp is a nice and funny guy. He cares about his students and loves teaching. His class was rather boring and often we didn?t talk about the readings or it seemed as if we focused on random parts and not the main theme or point of the readings. He was a very nice guy but definitely would have rather not taken this class.
Great class, hard you really have to work. But he's so funny and easy going. I love the way the class is run.
Her lectures are full of content so make sure you always go to class and take lots of notes. It helps to go over notes right after your class and read the chapter in the book to clarify content from lecture. She doesn't go very in depth on concepts in class so make sure to ask questions or go to her office hours if you need extra help.
Studying is a must with this class. She can fit a lot of info into one lecture, so I'd recommend taking them on your computer. The way you'll be taking notes is copying what you see her writing on a small whiteboard projected on a screen. Always show up to lecture so you can get the extra credit points -- they're worth a lot on exams.
Simon's lectures are thorough and detailed. She covers everything you need to know for lectures. The textbook helps for review. Gives SO MANY chances for extra credit. Lectures can be overwhelming but a lot of it is stuff that doesn't end up on the exams anyways. Online quizzes are tough.
you need to be there to pass, lectures are very detailed so take good notes!
Prof Simon seemed to be a little all over the place some days. Her exams are a bit tough but she does give extra credit on them if you do all your in class worksheets leading up to the exam. I would suggest getting a tutor simply to go over main ideas and have concepts drawn out because she simply tells you how things work and doesn't show you.
Professor Simon generally wants her class to do well, but she is tuff. She gives you alot of info in the notes and for the homework and all the test it is very applied learning questions which really suck. I would say the genetics test is the hardest. You won't find the answers in the notes. Study alot and go to class.
She's a nice person, but her lectures can get really boring. She wants you to write down every word she says. Quizzes are pretty easy, but exams are really hard. It's multiple choice, but not a b c d. It's a b c d e f g. Always tricky questions. I think you can get a good grade if you're willing to study at least every day.
I had her for BIO375 and BIO215 lab, and she was much better as a BIO375 prof. Picky grader, but clearly explains what you need to do and will help out if you're having trouble collecting data.
His tests are based on your memory. You need to memorize everything is required. Average teacher.
Good teacher, just boring material
Dr Whipps can be a little difficult to hear as she speaks softly but her words carry a lot of weight. Assignments every week lots of classroom group interaction, if you are shy you will need to get over it because you will be talking to classmates often. Take Lib 301 BEFORE you take lib495 and start working on your research paper.
Pestana is hilarious and makes class interesting. But, he's super disorganized and you'll only be able to read the first two letters of every word he writes. Very knowledgeable and I learned more than I thought I would. Tests are essays. Pay attention and write some stuff down and you'll be golden. He's super passionate about philosophy too.
Notes are very messy. Only exams and quizzes. Don't know what he wants.
If you are looking for an easy A, this class is it. There were 3 papers we had to write, he says at the beginning that there are 5 but he pushes dates back and you only get through the first 3. If you meet the requirements on them and try just a little bit you will pass with most likely an A.
I loved Dr. Soljan as a person, but I hated being in his class. I dreaded going to class because it was so unstructured and hard to follow what was going on. The only grades were 3 papers that everyone seemed to get an A on, which was nice, but I do not feel like I have learned anything about mythology overall. Class was not worth my time or money.
He was a nice guy, but as a professor, he's a bit all over the place. Typical lectures included the philosophy of life and other things not at all related to the play we were currently reading or the upcoming paper. All in all, an easy class and a fairly easy prof as long as you can write decent papers.
Soljan has a simple format. You write essays and talk in class. Those are your grades. You will probably get one or two essays back (around midterm). He is late for class every day, and all due dates will be endlessly pushed back. He is super nice.
Professor Cole has extremely long and boring lectures. He doesn't use a powerpoint or outline or anything so it's really hard to follow. He writes occasional words on the board and expects you to understand. It's hard to stay awake, let alone learn anything. He doesn't expect too much though - just a few papers. Fairly easy - just boring.
I honestly loved professor Cole. Now that I think about it, I am really going to miss going to his class. I really didn't like history before hand but his crazy stories and drawings really helped me remember the material. The bean quizzes can be difficult, but if you say there was a problem with blackboard you can basically get away with anything.
Prof. Cole is a very entertaining professor. The class sessions were full of information and seemed to go by quickly. The only assignments for the class were the readings and four papers, which were graded on a five point scale. I found him to be a very generous grader and thought that it was not difficult to get an A in the class.
Dr. Blumreich is an expert in Anglo-Saxon and Medieval literature. If you want to be challenged and expand your knowledge of English literature, take this course with her. Expect to read A LOT. You move from text to text fairly quickly. I recommend her especially to LGBTQ+ students, as she does not tolerate homo/trans/biphobia of any sort.
You must go to class and take your own notes. Straight lectures (which can get kind of boring), no notes given. Hard to bring up your grade because it is based only on the 4 exams, final and lab. Very nice man though.
read book, get an A.. lecture not important...
Have a good backround in Chemistry before taking this class. Hard and confusing
TOTALLY FRUSTRATING SEMESTER. A lot of our class time got spent on departmental drama and issues that have NOTHING to do with Russian grammar. No standards; all tests and quizzes were take-home, homework finally got returned week before finals. Despite my best efforts, my Russian got worse. I'll pass on 202, thanks.
He is a good guy who tries to give extra credit. Test questions look like they were written on a gogle docs app on his phone. Too much material for each test and overall lecture is just extremely boring he talks waaayyyyy tooooo mucchhhhh.
Shakespeare - I thought it was really tough and that her exams were unfair, but if you can manage to make it to her office hours, she's super helpful, and her lectures were always very entertaining and fun
She seems really mean but she's actually really nice and she's cool. She will rip apart your care plans and EBP's if you don't follow every single little step. She doesn't provide clear instructions on the Care Plan but students do tend understand they made silly mistakes when they get them back. Out of all my classes this is the only less than 94%
Perfect if you just need to take one computer science course, if not then I wouldn't recommend. Maybe a total of three assignments where you actually have to write code. Midterm was multiple choice and pretty easy. If you genuinely want to learn to code don't take this professor.
if (you are a programmer true) take a different prof; else (you are a programmer false) take kotman, he is easier than the others and helps a lot; Kotman can be confusing sometimes but he goes above and beyond to help outside of the classroom. I think too many majors have to take java. HE is your guy if you are not CS major
knows his stuff, is understanding and easy
Nice guy yes, but I went through the whole class without learning anything
The lectures are extremely helpful and clear. I attended every one and barely needed to study for the tests. The discussions are a waste of time generally, although thats where attendance is taken. My TA (Lan Kim) was more frustrating than helpful. There is a ton of extra credit. 2 tests total but most of the grade is from homework.
Oh so boring. I slept and read a few extra books throughout lectures. I thought he was unqualified at the beginning of the class; but he seems to know his stuff. Lectures are boring. I'm sure part of it was the material this class covers, but he could have done more with it. Did I mention his lectures are boring? Well they are. Very much so.
She definitely wasn't easy. Her lectures can be confusing because she explains everything in more words than needed. It sucked that tests were only 30 MC questions, which made it harder to get an A. The material itself is confusing to understand. I didn't think that it was an easy A.
I didn't like her. She always came late to class and then held us late. Picked favorites and told all these inside jokes with them.
I am a very good student and this class was hard for me. Tests are super hard, and she does not offer any extra points. I loved her as a teacher but struggled in this class with the exams... if you dont do good on the exams drop the class. she does offer study guides but even those dont really help much.
Professor Hewitt is hard to follow at times, and her assignments can be unclear. She is very funny. She's worth taking for the honors sequence because her partner Montagna is awesome.
I don't know if I got stuck with a different Dianne but I don't agree with the rest of you. She's probably one of the most dull teachers I've ever had. I find it hard to pay attention and not fall asleep in her class because we the exact same thing everyday. The class is easy but she needs to work on getting the class more involved.
Easy class! Do extra credit and you will get an A. Grade point booster if you need it.
So.. if you are someone like me who has test anxiety, do not take him. The class is 3 exams, 3 or 4 quizzes and one assignment. He was a great prof but his lecture style did not work for me and i struggled in this course. I went to almost every class (missed 1) and read the book and barely managed to get a C. if you are not like me, i recommend him
His tests are harsh....20 pts...10-11 questions....30 percent of your grade. Don't mess up on one. It'll screw up your grade. Class is sometimes hard to pay attention. But he knows his stuff and tries to incorporate various websites into it.
Decent enough. Will help if you ask questions. Knows what she's talking about.
very funny, learn to love her, tests are hard, but fair, do the homework though
Do NOT like her. I don't like how she thinks she is always right in everything. The sketchbook idea was ridicolous. I don't see the importance of it. I didn't learn anything about it. She is so disorganzied. i hated going to class and hardly went cause it was so dumb to go.
Totally easy...no tests. Just make sure you participate and do the projects.
Her class was fairly easy, and I got a good grade, but I could hardly stand the class. She's very opinionated, and doesn't keep anything to herself. Too much time was spent listening to her view on everything, and for that reason I don't feel I really learned much about speech.
This class is pretty fast paced and requires you to stay on top of your game. You have lab and lecture and a test in both for each unit you cover. I've gotten anywhere from c's to d's on those but I'm still ending the semester with a B so you have a lot of other assignments to balance the grades out. Work hard from day one and you'll do just fine.
I thought this class easy as long as you study and complete the assignment exercises you will do fine. I never really used one of the books. There are A LOT!! of test that you need to take so you need to dedicate time to it. Practice exercises are timed but you can take as many times as you like. Test are timed and can only take once!
Prof Malaret is a really great guy who always makes class fun and easygoing. He is very laid back, and his class is pretty chill. He grades pretty easily as long as he can tell you put effort into the assignment. Lectures are lengthy and attendance is required to pass. Extra credit is offered if you have good attendance.
Dennis is a great guy, but I didnt really like his class as much as I thought I would. The tests have material that wasnt in the lecture & wasnt in the book. He expects you to go in having descent background knowledge of the topics.
Malaret is overall not a hard professor. However he is a very opinionated cry baby who will only see things his way. Basically, if you tell him what he wants to hear you will do ok.
The teacher was very opinionated. Class was very one sided. Tests were easy if you read the book. Took forever to get grades and assignments back.
Hardest class I've ever taken but Groh is always helpful at office hours and makes sure you know what you need to know for the tests and problem sets. 4 problem sets which take forever to complete but otherwise no homework
This class is hard as balls but Groh is a nice prof. Wish she would explained certain things better but overall I'm happy with her.
A bit hard to follow at times, fine otherwise.
He gives good feedback via email but sometimes takes a little while to answer. he does genuinely care about his students. The setup of BB was confusing. Tests are mc and essays. There's also a group project and some quizzes. You definitely have to put in your best effort to the class, but it wasn't super difficult. He is such a kind-hearted guy!
This class was pretty darn hard for me. I liked Prof. King as a person, but didn't really like his teaching style. The classes weren't very organized, and almost the entire class failed the first exam! He is a very friendly guy though, and is always willing to help if you need it. The group project is also pretty annoying.
There is no mandatory Homework in his class, Your grade is bases solely on your performance on tests and quizzes. His class is extremely easy especially if you took AP calculus in High school. You definitely need to do well on exams to get an A but other than that, he is always available to reschedule office hours and they help a lot.
She talks A LOT but my class was only once a week so I managed to deal. Tests arent hard, big paper due that takes up the whole semester because you have to interview someone. Overall, fun class and she really knows her stuff.
STOP LISTENING TO THESE PEOPLE AND JUDGE YOURSELF. She is weird but tests come from notes in class, her games are fun and speakers are interesting, everyone has theor faults but I hate to read and I got a B. Tests are from readings and movies only,when you come in and go over readings those are the questions on the test. Ths ques. are on test!!!
You need to watch the extremely long lectures to pass the class. The quiz questions are so specific to the lectures. One of the worst online classes I have taken.
Honestly, I received ridiculously low grades on all my papers. Which is amazing considering I got As in all three of my writing classes taken at SDSU. Turns out the TA was grading my papers and was extremely critical of grammar instead of content. A lot of work for an 100 level class. Not the worst class, but not the best.
at first, i thought this class was going to be really difficult because i saw the syllabus, but you just have to get use to his system. The exams are easy and it's common sense. He's also an easy grader or his ta's are. His lectures are boring though.
class is hard, lots of work, but you do learn, kind of
Learned a lot from her class through reading, attendance, and participation, but in my experience her grading's based more on your ability to agree with her. Friends of mine who didn't read and did things last minute got a higher grade than I did. If you want to express your own ideas and don't want to kiss up to her, you probably won't get an A.
Overall I like her as a professor. She expects people to read the assigned articles, and if you do you'll do well. There's a guest speaker every class so if you miss a day you'll be behind. She was very accommodating when I needed to meet with her but I admit she is kind of intimidating. She's really not shy to tell you you misunderstand something.
I have never enjoyed a class as much as I have enjoyed this one with James. He is very passionate and just a cute old man < 3LOVE IT!
Barry is a good guy-tries to be too inspirational. Do HW and do it well b/c counts a ton of your grade. Each exam is like 9% so not much of your grade. He gives a ton of extra credit! HW once a week. Do well on your labs. 3 exams and one final (was optional my year). Lectures are boring but its physics. He gives a practice exam before each exam!
This class is super easy, the only hard part are the quizzes and the in text final. Everything on the computer is a joke except for when you get to the end of class, but that doesnt count for a grade. Totally recommend.
Hard projects, lectures are clear but pretty boring. Unless you like MIS and want to go into it, this class is pretty pointless and just another requirement to get out of the way. She's nice i guess!
Took this class for the buad minor. He's a really nice teacher who wanted us to do well, especially because it was an intro course. Class structure was really confusing, no sakai page, never see the grades, don't know what percent of anything will make up your final grade. Class wasn't necessary just memorize the info in the chapters to do well
don't learn a whole lot, but a VERY nice guy! willing to help and cares about u
I think that he is a good professor. Its true he does threaten a bit too much for my tastes and it can be stressful, but in general it seems he really cares if the students learn. I ended up learning a lot in his class.
Pam is a nice old lady, but a little batty. I can't handle going to her class. She never stays on topic. Make sure you read WebCT notes because the most random questions WILL be on the tests. Dressing up on Thursdays sucks big time. But don't let her discourage you about HRIM as a major, because other professors like Ron Cole and Debbie are amazing
o pammy...a nice person but kind of a space cadet. intro is a pretty easy class as long as you read the textbook and look over the vocab.
Dr. Walker is a great professor and a great person. He expects his students to work hard, and has high expectations. The class seems to be especially difficult for those who do not like math, as many of the concepts are very complex. However, he really cares about the development and success of students. He has been at Cedarville forever!
Less chemistry, and more biology than expected. Thorpe can be quite unclear and confusing at times, but overall gives a decent overview of things, especially if lectures are supplemented by a bit of book reading. He is VERY funny. Helpful in office hours. Do practice tests and understand them, and you will be fine. Grade distribution is generous.
He's ok when its obviously a topic he is interested in. However, when it comes to stuff he is clearly not concerned with (ie glycolysis) he doesn't do so well explaining. He's a hard grader, but fair. The class average is a B (even if the average is a 50%)
he's ok. his lectures are boring and put you to sleep, and you can't talk in his class, cuz he'll point you right out and ask what ur question is. lab is easy, quizzes aren't bad, exams are hard. don't buy the textbook, you don't need it
Good professor. Relatively easy class as long as you know what you are doing. 4 tests (lowest grade dropped), some group projects. Do your homework - it helps a lot, cause if you struggle with it, he will go over it in the class. Easy A if you have a good math background.
Not the favorite theory teacher in the CMA by any means. If you get on his good side, stay there if you can. Has a reputation for being difficult. People who do not do well in Theory should beware of Dr. Bill, and be prepared to work hard in order to keep up.
At first you might want to drop the class, but stick around, his class is easy if you show up and keep up with the work. He doesn't like technology, no cell phones or laptops. He brings cookies everyday though and really knows about Greece. Overall a great guy.
sweet old man, gives cookies at the beginning of every class and ALWAYS lets out early. you just go around the room translating, nothing too interesting, but he likes to tell stories (often the same stories...). easy class, but you'll only learn if you want to (i.e. actually look at the materials outside of class, which is otherwise not necessary)
Dr. Gross is the best teacher! He is soooo nice, he has great stories, and it's easy to get an A. He needs a better hearing-aid though
Easy class if you are good at memorization (makes you memorize ridiculous things like scientific names of species). Never paid attention in class and just studied off the slides/notes he posted and got an A. Test is extremely detailed and requires you to know a lot of diagrams. Also very tricky with options like "two/all/none of the above" etc.
mazziteli wants you to learn.
I fall asleep most of the time--can sometimes be rude to those that don't know
It took a few classes to get used to Dr. Bethea's teaching style, but once you get past that, he is an enthusiastic man who loves his subject material. He tends to get off-subject a lot, but one can see he genuinely is trying to spark change with his students. As a bonsu for the girls, he's very easy on the eyes!!!
At first I hated him because he came across as way too arrogant, left, and used his own book. Later I liked him. He provides a somewhat unique viewpoint, and knows his stuff. If you can get past arrogant profs, good course. Study=Easy. Dont=possible F
His lectures are strictly what come out of his mouth nothing more. You can't use the book for anything basically, and he doesn't have lecture notes, doesn't use blackboard. HARD grader no matter how you study. The information is interesting at times.
He gets off topic and focuses on topics that are really easy and then neglects the tougher ones. you should go to class because there are random in class assignments that he does throughout the semester. the book is literally the exam
Not bad, do aplia study and do the assignments and you will get atleast a B if not an A
Cool Prof. He has a very off the wall sense of humor...Stopped teaching toward the end of the semester but he will answer any question you ask. Would take again
He's a very hard teacher but it's possible to succeed. Take home tests every week are difficult but boost your grade. He gives about 30 pts extra credit and you can drop a midterm and have final count for double. Go to lecture, read book, study old tests, do ALL his suggested problems and you'll be fine.
Make no mistake, he is a competant professor. Lectures are clear and, though the tests are ridiculous, grades are often salvagable. However, it can be very off putting to work with such an arrogant man. He is not likeable. You will feel mocked. Either find a prof you can like, or decide what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Your choice.
Hahn is honestly a really nice guy but the class is graded solely on 3 exams so you really have to work for it. Talk to him after class so he knows youre putting in the effort and do the extra credit and you should be okay. Its hard but doable!
He was entertaining in a sarcastic/jerk kind of way. LOTS of reading, but his tests aren't too difficult and the term paper wasn't too bad.
You will not receive an A in this course unless you spend a large amount of time in his office hours and go to SI sessions. He gives homework every week, but does not teach what is on the homework until after it is due. He does care about his students and likes to help, but you have to get help outside of class.
He was a good teacher, but boring. Get ready to take notes and read. There are 4 books you need to read and all the tests are written (essays and short answer IDs). When studying write all the IDs and essay beforehand and memorize them. The TAs don't grade hard, but put in effort. Some of the books you don't need to read, but know major points.
Mcbee is the bomb, great lectures, if you put forth a solid effort you will get an A. I did it and it was a cinch.
The lectures are straight from the book, so don't bother reading it. All assignments are essays and require a LOT of outside of class reading. The articles he gives us are very long. Other classes suffered for this. Lectures have nothing to do with the assignments and aren't needed to finish the tests, making his lectures kind of a waste of time.
He is a nice guy, very passionate and willing to meet with his students, however he is hard. I'm an honors college student and the best I would get in his class on all graded materials was a 79.5, which he wouldn't round up, only four grades. The class is very interesting, the first 1 1/2- 2 hours is lecture and then short break, then a video.
Lectures are extremely boring and painful to sit through sometimes. His grading is there are two quizzes worth 5% each, a paper worth 20% and a midterm and final worth 35% each. All exams are purely essays, no multiple choice. If you show up and take decent notes you'll be fine.
Meh.. I hear there are better fine arts classes out there. Class is sometimes interesting, but usually pretty boring. Tests are very ambiguous and difficult to study for. I pulled out an A, but most my friends got Bs. He's very passionate about his class and is extremely nice outside of the classroom, but maybe look into taking survey of theater.
Garwell is clearly passionate about his course. The tests were pretty difficult for me, but those who already knew a lot about the subject had a much easier time. He does ask arbitrary questions from lectures and the book, the first month is slow, and I hated all of his t/f questions. However, the class and prof are both fantastic overall!
Prof. Judkins is very passionate about anthropology. I, unfortunately, am not. His lectures are very dry, and it is hard to tell what to write down because there is no plan as to what is going to happen. Make sure you do the reading for the tests. One easy paper at the end of the year due on the day of the final.
Unless you downloaded information on how to do logic into your brain before this class, don't expect it to be easy. by the time you finish writing step #1 of a proof on your paper stacy's done with it and on to the next one. if you ask her politely to slow down she will look at you as if you made the suggestion in another language... GOOD LUCK
This class can be kind of challenging if you don't have music background. Funny guy, and very talented. His practice tests are the same as real tests and he'll go over all of it before the real test.
Don't need to word-smith to figure out the class is boring. But tests are out of book.
People seem not to like her, but she's not bad. She will answer questions and offer help all the time. If you study the prac. exams well and do the webassigns at math success there should be no problem. Clickers were used near the end of the year. People who complain typically don't try in class and blame the teacher -- even if she tries to help.
If you've taken AP Calc in high school this class is pretty easy. Otherwise you may have some trouble--but that's probably the case with all Calc I profs. Show up to lecture, actually try to get the worksheets in discussion and you'll be fine.
The word is HARD. However, he gives nice curves, which can easily bring your grade to B, or even A, unless you don't take notes at all and don't study at all. Getting a B is not hard, from my experience.
Overall class is fairly simple...test questions can be obscure and hard to answer, but as long as you do the assignments, which are simple, you should do fine. Her lectures are kind of pointless because its stuff right out of the book, but she takes attendance, so still show up.
I would only recommend if you aren't expecting much support from your professors. He is very cut and dry with what he will do. No test reviews, no dropped grades. The content of this course gets extremely difficult out of nowhere, and his teching style no longer sufficed for me personally. Wouldn't recommend unless you like to teach yourself.
Lectures were somewhat hard to understand, but you can get the material down through practice. Really helpful office hours.
Nice guy. You can make an A if you stay with it. 3 tests, the final, and a slight homework grade is your overall grade. Doesnt leave much room for error on any tests if you want an A.
she gets off topic but her stories are very interesting. she is a super super smart lady--she handles class in a very laid back way. tests are straight forward. i highly recommend taking her if you can, youre guaranteed to learn a lot!
He is an interesting professor who knows his stuff, fair tests
a really nice guy, but as a professor I did not enjoy him. I took calculus in high school so I did good in the class, but I felt bad for those who hadn't because he was not good at teaching. His lectures included barely any example problems and he would spend the first 40 min of class teaching the same thing he did the day before. really boring
all the very good review are for PRECAL. For calculus, his class is a lot harder. The homework is very basic and simple, but the tests are a lot harder and the problems more complex. Try to get copies of old tests from people and practice/study
This was a fun class. The tests and quizzes were difficult but I'm sure easier than any other Bio class.
Very wordy. Tests are pretty difficult, but he curves sometimes. Didn't know how I was doing in the class until 1-2 weeks before the semester was about to end. Uses text book supplementally. Tries to prepare you for the real world.
Gomez is a good teach, so long as you keep on top of notes and lectures. I took plane trig. The biggest downfall is his daily quizzes and his bluntness that maybe rude at times. His character make it seem that questions and commentary may not be welcomed. Long story short, easy class if you do you full part as a student. Attend. Take Notes. Study.
She keeps the class interesting! SHe uses great examples that relate to students, so we can better understand. It is a easy class. She gives extra credit.
It was frustrating to watch his lectures. At first, it's great. But when you're watching it repetitively, it gets challenging to pay attention. His questions are annoying as some of them were reading comprehension (few of which the book doesn't mention at all). 5-7 quizzes a week, and they consume a ton of time. If you're busy, DON'T take this cour
Only government class available and I've heard good things about him. I guess my class was the class that he decided to be different because he never lets us out early and drags out lectures. If you're late you will not be able to sign in (so you might as well miss all of the class). Never yawn & never get caught on your phone!!!
He is a very good prof. My only concern was that he didn't really teach us the material, he just told us what we needed to know. Very helpful if you didn't understand something. Got out of class early every day. Good prof to take if you are taking this class in the summer.
A "Handy dandy" professor who will teach you in a "completely unadulterated" way in "some manner shape or form." Seriously he's completely scatterbrained but gives you exactly what you need to get a good grade if you do some
The class was easy but I really disliked this professor. Something about him definitely rubbed me the wrong way, but I know some people that loved him. I never read the book, but make sure to bring it to class anyway or he'll seriously freak out. Extremely opinionated and full of himself.
A lot of people said he is really hard but I managed to pull off an A and im the worst at ECON...if you go to every class and take good notes...pay attention to when he says essay question b/c it will be one on the test youll be okay...its not impossible like they said and hes always in his office to help...cute old man lol
Wow, unless you have some sort of strange passion for econ RUN!! If you did before, you won't after this class. Tests are all essay (he always gave me like 2 pts out of 15 on, fill in, and vocab (you have to memorize all like 60 in each chapt cuz he wont tell you which 3 out of those will be on it
he's an ok teacher..yes he is boring but his class is not that hard actually..just show up to class and you'll do fine on his quizzes which by the way he has posted his past semester quizzes online and it helps
Extremely easy grading scale. 80 points for the semester gets you an A and there are 120 points possible. The class feels a little chaotic, but if you keep up on Blackboard this is an easy A
hated the class, it seemed no matter how hard I studied I never got the grade I wanted. His study guides are so vague, it's not about knowing the definition of the key terms but knowing the whole concept behind it. His tests are so hard, so make sure you study extra hard. Personally, I didn't enjoy his personal stories, it always bored me.
Ive taken Steve twice and am about to have him again for my third Advanced ceramics class, listen to me. If you are taking a ceramics 1 class with him do not expect to learn how to throw. Expect to learn about quantum physics and conspiracy theories relating to aliens. of course the other two wont teach you much, either. Steve is good though.
profeessor Bemko was very condescending to the class. He also gave all essay tests. I wouldn't recommend this class for people who do not love history. on a positive note he did know his history.
Very particular on grading papers and tests. Most points are at the end of the course, so you must use early tests and papers to learn how he wants things done to succeed. You will need to read the books to do well on the frequent quizzes. Be prepared to work for your grade.
Due to the numerous amount of extra credit opportunities, this class is an easy A. I failed the first test with below a 50% and still received a B in her class. Try to buy your books ahead of time because you must read to pass the test
REALLY HARD! Now I'm a junior and I've been on the dean's list every semester, but this woman is hard! You have to read the book, and half the questions on the test come only from the book and aren't covered in class, and another chunk come from lab readings that aren't covered in class. Requires a lot from lab reports! Really tough!
She's an incredibly nice woman but the class was boring and I didn't like the way she taught it. She knows the material, just not how to really teach it to anyone else. The class wasn't too hard, just not the best ever.
Crazy but she was a good teacher. She is rude and bias. her class was interesting and I enjoyed it. Good teacher for the subject.
Read the book and take notes from it. Attendance is a portion of your grade, plus there are in-class assignments you can't get credit for if you aren't there. There are weekly, online tests, so buy the code. Do all this and it's an easy A.
if you have to use Cengage Online while taking this class, I would STRONGLY RECCOMEND buying the Special Bakersfield College Edition Book. People struggle using the online version of the book. Test are straight from the book usually also. Grades on a curve which is nice. Overall decent teacher. JOHN MADDEN!
This is NOT astronomy. This is astrophysics. Unless you really really like math/trig/physics, don't take it. Class can be fun but it's not at all what we expected. Take another prof if you want to take astronomy.
Straight-forward professor. He lectures, and sends you home to study using his study guide. However, I wish I had just taken notes the whole class as his study guide was so full of random info it was not that helpful. He assigns no homework, but he also gives NO chance for extra credit. You bomb the exams, you're screwed. There is no safety net.
Very tough course, you will need to study alot. Be prepared before you go to class, there will be an exit quize every time. You can do this but you will have to work for it. He lectures and than goes in and out of the lab so you will have to wait some times to get an answer. He will answer all your questions and work with you
be sure to STUDY for his tests or you will FAIL
Gretchen is really sweet. I had never taken dance classes before college, but went through all of her begining classes and it was really fun. Don't be scared to take her classes even if you have no experience. Just go to class...
SUCH a great professor. She knows her stuff, and she makes it easy to listen to. Her exams are super difficult though, and the material on them could go either way. She wants you to find the answer that's "most right." The true and false got me every time. However, I loved the class, and I ended up doing well. As long as you study, you'll manage.
She was nice, but I just couldn't learn from her. The notes were very straightforward, but the tests were more practical, therefore studying was difficult. She is hilarious though and rather entertaining.
The tests aren't multiple choice so good luck with studying
Took this class during the summer. Ton of material and Duggins moves quickly through it. Sometimes lectures may seem a bit all over the place but he does say what the possible essays will be on the exams. Duggins is very strict about grading exams but as long as you pay attention in class, take detailed notes, and make notecards you should be fine.
This class was impossible. Test questions are those that you would never think would be on the test. If you think you have a shot of recovering by Helmuth's mutiple choice tests from the 2nd portion, think again. Took AP bio in high school & made an A in biology 101 but still managed to make a D. Have to retake this course. Don't take it with him!
Bottom line.. Duggins is ridiculously hard. His tests come directly from the lecture notes, but you must know EVERY single thing he says about a topic. He also will take a lot of info from his last lecture before a test and throw it on there.. very hard grader.. avoid if you can! unless you LOVEEE plants!
The second test was super hard, but if I would have studied more effectively I would have been fine. His notes are almost always out of order, so I ended up rewriting them a lot.
Duggins is not as bad as everyone makes him out to be. There is a lot of studying involved. He gets very in depth in the topic and teaches it very well in my opinion. Just study very hard and, even though you dont even need it, reading the book helps. Know your vocab.
he looks like a combination between ducky from land before time and jack from will and grace. go to class memorize what he says and youll be straight sleep or dont go and youll fail. i did the latter of the 2.
This guy is awesome and funny. He says the randomest things in class. The lectures don't help a ton so may be only take him if you have a basic understanding. There is like no homework. He likes to mix stuff up a lot.
Easy if you read the chapters and teach yourself (his teaching style definitely wasn't my understanding style)
I took the 8 week class, and the majority of the class she tells stories. It's definitely do-able to get an A. Do the outlines, be there the day she reviews for the test, and you'll do fine. On a personal note, I didnt care for her. She can be very condescending and rude.
A pretty nice lady, but expects everyone to know more than they should. Has alot of interesting stories and life related material. Do outlines and study, you'll get an A!
Ok...yeah hard class! Don't take if your looking for an easy A...getting an A in here is not very easy, if possible at all. ATTEND ALL CLASSES or you will be really lost. Half the time you will be really lost if you are there! Overall, nice guy, knows his stuff, interesting, but the plot thickens and never really becomes clear.
He's a nice guy and very patient. It's self paced so if you know the stuff already you can go ahead and do it. The actually class time is pretty boring unless you are working on something while he's talking, which he doesn't seem to mind.
Professor Leavitt is a great teacher especially for people who are not too great at math. He gives a nice few for everyone to understand. For the most part, you have to do problems his way. Attend class cause is a part of your grade.
Mark was okay. Sometimes he was difficult to understand, and he would often get impatient with the class. But if you're struggling, he will help you. And the good thing about him was that he taught in the student center, so help is really easy to get from tutors and others willing to help. So all in all, not bad at all.
Hard, but good. Don't take unless you are a serious student. He has no personality and a huge chip on his shoulder.
His tests are completely random and when you ask him for help on studying...he doesn't. He puts stuff on the study guide that you have never gone over in class. However, he does explain stuff clearly. But his class is extremely boring...he is so monotonous and tedious
3 tests, all from his lectures, you don't need your book. Makes you write 2 two page papers over "Who Freed the Slaves" which is not fun. He is pretty interesting. Lets his liberal views come out in his lectures which I didn't like.
Neat guy, hopped up on Diet pepsi so try and keep up. His material and opinions are fun to listen to. Go to class, enjoy yourself and study hard for the tests, particularly the essays.
The tests aren't hard if you take good notes. He genuinely wants you to succeed and will help with any material that you're having a hard time with.
I had him for 301/325. I couldn't stand it. They are easy class periods, but the exams aren't easy at all. Very specific. he doesn't post notes at all and just tells stories- you have to find the info. He doesn't use the book at all either. Really awful about emailing back or getting exams back. Nice guy and normal dad, but unorganized class.
This class is very interesting but Dr. Bolea needs to get on top of his game. It took him 3 weeks too get us this sylubus in the beginning of the year and he always made promisses he had a hard time keeping such as posting reviews and hading back tests. The guy loves to talk. The class is based on four tests and an observation paper
Prof has a very good knowledge of course material. He applies it to real world issues. He raises and fairly argues both sides of issue. The lectures are routine and not very lively. It is not a highly captivating lecture. The tests are fairly simple if you know the important things covered in class.
He is a great person, I enjoyed his classes and payed attention easily. However, his notes are very unclear and he can sometimes be hard to follow. You may need to redo your notes a couple of times to understand them.
Devon is very passionate about poetry. Would not recommend if you are not as well. Very time consuming. The class atmosphere is very laid back.
A lot of projects where it seems we only apply the most basic of all the statistical concepts we learned, even later on. She's alright at explaining things, but can make mistakes and things get confusing. She's better than average though, but can be moody.
Brunjes is a decent lecturer, but his tests always have poorly worded questions on them. The class is graded on a bell curve, so you don't really know where you'll fall until the very end, and you are able to drop one exam grade.
Although my rating seems low, I definitely recommend this class. Take notes and get everything he says. He's super nice -I went to talk to him twice and he really makes you feel better about the class. As others have said, figure out the tests early (I bombed the first). The class is funny and very interesting but you must have good notes and read!
A fairly likeable guy. Entertaining enough to listen too, but you'll have to be able to type quickly if you want to get everything down. Test are somewhat difficult; multiple answers will seem correct a lot of the time- the correct one is the one that applies most specifically to the question, though that isn't always so clear cut.
D.W is the MAN! He keeps lectures interesting with his humor and wit, so they're always enjoyable. His exams can be a bit challenging but he's very good at making sure he has covered any material he puts on the exams. Go to lecture, read the book, and you'll be golden.
Ok, these comments are unfair. The tests are hard, but that's because it HAS to be. There are over 250 people in the class and he needs a good spread. And he has a great statistical method to figuring out final grades. Overall, he's a funny guy and I'm glad I had him. I took him for fun since I'm an engineer and in my own hell in eschool.
This is a very unique course, although very rigorous!
I dropped this class the first day I had it. He wanted an UNBELIEVABLE amount of work done for the class. There was NO WAY I was going to stay in it. DO NOT TAKE HIM. He seemed mean, after even the first day.
This is a pretty interesting class and I highly recommend that everyone at UVA should take it. Do the readings, as they are crucial to your success in the class! There are only 3 2-age essays (which you get to pick), a midterm, and a final (which have study guides!) Do the study guides and memorize them for the exams, and you'll be in good shape!
He knows a lot, but he makes me want to drop out of school, i fall asleep in every class, and that's not normally my style.
Great class, I learned a lot and found the lectures to be interesting if you can stay awake.
Lectures were pretty boring. The rate she spoke made it hard to get all the notes she talked about. My advice: go to class and pay attention but get notes from someone else who takes good notes quickly. Tests are kinda strange format w/ ID questions in which she lists a bunch of main ideas from lectures and you have to describe them.
Prof Coffey is a really nice guy and is knowledgeable, but the class was a little frustrating. He teaches math in an entirely different way than anyone else and it can be hard to get used to. He cares a lot about your engagement. All assignments can be redone for full credit and you don't take any tests, you make your own. Easy A if you try!
Easy class, but he talks to us like elementary students. We NEVER stick to the schedule he sets because he drags discussions out. VERY boring class
He's a professor for all the right reasons. Cares a lot about his students. However, with that being said, his class is virtually impossible to do well in. ESPECIALLY for someone with limited high school chem experience. ONLY take this class if you LOVE chem. Buy the book. You might only read it a few times but it is helpful & you need it for 115
A hilarious professor, but a ridiculous class. He's great in lecture, but worthless in lab. Tells hilarious stories in class which are enjoyable, but don't expect him to answer questions outside of class. The lab assistants are even more worthless and the tests are killers and nearly impossible.
The benefit of taking orgo with Professor Fraser is that she pushes you to understand the concepts and not just memorize. Her class has a lot of components (weekly homework, reading questions etc.) so be organized. Discussions and office hours are SUPER important- go every week! Tests are the hardest part, so take advantage of the regrade.
Hardest class at UVA I don't care what anyone says. Youur life will be chemistry. Our second midterm average was a 28%. But, if you do the work you'll have at LEAST a B. You will learn stuff in class, but it will have little or nothing to do with the homework you're doing. Prepare to fail all other classes though, you will have to ignore them.
I've had 4 classes w/him and I've learned so much. He's my favorite professor. He just lacks in people skills. He's helpful if you try hard-- very hard-- first.
Although Kingston is very nice, his lectures are extremely dry and boring. He makes comprehensive study guides for the tests, so the class is not really hard. Also, there are two relatively easy projects and one easy essay. Don't wait until before test time to read.
Regardless of what professor you have, there is a lot to learn in this subject. Given that, this is the professor to have. He's a really nice guy. The assignments are time consuming, I'm not going to lie, but every professor's will be. Just ask him for help, and he'll assist as much as he can.
I did well in this class, ended up with an A but had to take LOTS of notes. He stands in front of the class and talks and writes on the board the entire time. He basically teaches the class by telling somewhat of a "story" about the history. Nice guy but toooo many notes! Also required a lot of studying and writing document analysis.
If you aren't a whiz at Mathcad, the homeworks are very hard. Tests are pretty easy compared to the time on the homework. Very tedious. Makes it interesting.
He is not always at class nor-is he allways the most excesible person but he is a great guy with pasion. I am taking his com 304 class and I am looking forward to to it.
He is hard on you. He makes you feel stupid when you ask a question. He knows his physics. I do not recommend taking him
She digresses way too much. She is willing to help you out if something appears to be confusing. She really wasn't clear with her thoughts.
Professor Bair was very clear on what he wanted. Every assignment was clearly drawn out, which made it really easy to accomplish what he desired, and he sent an email every week with reminders. Very organized man. The in-class sessions were really boring, but if you can tough those out, I highly recommend taking him.
Easy class with alot of memorization. All Powerpoint- on BB. He is very dry though. I couldn't stand listening to him for the whole semester, but you can't really skip class. Assignments are easy. He does know quite a bit about the subject.
I meant to rate him awhile ago, I had him last semester of 06. He is great and the class was easy although it was all powerpoint (which he posted on BB). Exams did require a lot of studying. I had to memorize everything but I still got an A. Highly recommend
His lectures were a little hard to get through but if you read the section before class it made it so much easier to understand. His tests were very difficult but not impossible. And is wife is a very nice women. I talked to her all the time, every class.
She has a lot of really cool stories and is really helpful if you truly want to be a teacher. Very cool lady. Her class though is really frusterating because she doesn't really teach anything. You never need to read the textbook but you need it for the exams, she gives deadlines and doesn't keep to them. Its frusterating, easy and somewhat useful!
This class was easy tbh. One large paper and presentation, but she was not a tough grader. TONS of extra credit. Was not super helpful through email. Optional synch classes once a week. Exams and labs were pretty easy. I spent like 3 hours a month on this course. It was interesting and I learned a lot through my research.
Hard to understand, but easy class. Just do the work and make it look good!
This class was difficult! I would not recommend to anyone.
Dr. Sanchez is a hard grader but a decent person. Ask as many questions as you can and visit her and office hours and you'll be fine.
This was a very interesting class and she really tied in all aspects of business for the capstone. This is my second time having her and she is a great prof! The cases were pretty intense and her essay exams can be hard but just take plenty of notes and read the book. You also need to partcipate in class because she'll call on you.
Take only if you have music background, otherwise it will be difficult
Class is easy, but she grades pretty hard on papers. Real nice though
Good guy. He teaches from the book. He is more of a; read the book, do the problems and come to me with questions guy. I am more of a; tell me how to do it, give me lots of notes so I dont have to look at the book guy. In other words; he was very hard for me. He is good for thouse who like/ are good at Math.
How can anyone not get an A? Get to use notes on the test, tons of extra credit and hardly any graphs. Anyone who fails his class is obviously the laziest person in the world.
Dr. Witucki is VERY organized, which makes her class very easy to navigate. She does curve some exams, and offers extra credit towards the end of the semester. However, she doesn't respond very well to feedback. The quizzes and exams don't allow backtracking, and the material is MUCH harder than the practice you're given on homework and in lecture
Professor Witucki is one of the best profs I have had so far. Organic Chemistry is VERY challenging, but she makes it interesting and is very helpful. DON'T skip class,go to discusion, and even get a tutor for this class because it helps a lot.
Stephenson does care about the education of students but could be using class time better. Learning is done outside of class and only goes over worksheets. Lots of pop quizzes which you cannot make up if you miss class. Lots of extra credit. Goes over scheduled class time, also very disorganized. Wouldn't recommend if you don't understand quickly.
My only complaint about how she runs class is how she gives quizzes almost every class (at least once a week) at the very end of class. I am a slow test taker, so it is extremely stressful to take quizzes with only 10 minutes left. You have to come to class or else you'll get a 0 on quizzes. Overall, nice professor. Can use notes, just stressful
This was by far the hardest class of my semester. There are assignments, that will take hours to finish, almost every week. Exams are extremely tough and she is not an easy grader. If you like doing hours of homework a week, taking ridiculous exams, and dealing with stress and anxiety, this class is for you. Otherwise, steer clear of this professor
She is a really nice lady, but prepare to put a lot of time in. Every class period you get assigned over an hour of homework (randomly takes as a quiz grade), along with lecturing entire chapters in less than 10 minutes. She doesnt use bb and the tests are the hardest I have come across. Overall she makes the class a lot harder than it needs to be.
3 10 page papers, 8 Response Papers. Not too bad just repeat what you heard in class.
Really passionate about what he teaches however very hard grader and sometimes wants way to specific of an answer on essay tests. Go to his office hours if you want to pass
This guy is definitely an oddball, but he's very helpful and friendly. Class is interesting. Three exams, multiple choice and essay, nothing too bad. I recommend this class! It's not too hard to take as a GE and it's pretty interesting.
Well this class is full of contradictions: Long hours of boredom broken by her saying something hilarious. One midterm which is about 8 questions + a short essay, one lesson plan, and one cultural plunge. I loved her but the text was repetitive and the class could feel so looong at times. If you have a pulse & put in minimal effort you'll get an A.
I am dying in this class!!! Spanish has always been easy for me and now I have to work for 5 hours on 5 questions from the textbook. How is this an effective way to learn? I feel more stupid after I do it! I don't want to talk to him because he looks scary. How can this be a good prof to take???????
Says he will leave assignments open to your interpretations, yet marks points off if you do it wrong. Is helpful, but vague w/ help. Stay away
As much as you don't want to, GO TO CLASS because it will def affect your grade. The homework consists of weekly annotations which are pretty annoying but also kinda easy to BS. She's tough when grading papers (and they take forever to write) so I would rely on your hw and participation grade
Wong is very organized but the class is very demanding. There are alot of assignments and alot of reading required in order to do well. The down side is she treats her students like they are in grade school.
Class material was clear and somewhat interesting, though the exams were inordinately tedious to do and require the student to simply memorize the text book. If attendance wasn't necessary, there would no be any need to attend. If you lack a photographic memory then avoid PHIL/WOMS 216
He know the course information but he has a hard time putting it in to and orginized lecture, he often went on tangents during class and then tried to cram the 50 min lecture in to the last 15 min of class. because of this i highly recomend that you make sure you READ THE BOOK.
Alot of the class was around reading the books you're assigned then discussing them in class. Basically he's give us a test outline, I'd print it out, study what I needed to know, and got an A on all the tests. Papers are most of your grade, he's helpful when it comes to clearing Essays up. Papers are a little tough, but put in the work.
He knows what he's talking about. Don't bother getting the main textbook, but the Andrew Jackson book and the other textbook are required for the papers. 2 exams, 3 papers 5-7 pages each. I'd take him again. He does take attendance.
Nice guy, talks to students and listens instead of just lecturing. I don't know how other history classes are set up, but I didn't learn must history, just the differences between two books. good attendance policy.
i didn't like the class but the prof was okay. try to take in the afternoon if possible.
good teacher, not a hard class, makes you think
It's calc2 and he's ethiopian. Obvious language barrier, but he know's the stuff
prof Constantelos is a good prof who definitely knows what hes talking about. class definitely requires you to put in the work to get a decent grade. you will need to read a good bit and study/prepare to do well on the tests. you also don't need to really say anything for the debates and still get full credit. he can be a bit strange though
Professor Coles lectures are very long and boring. Make sure you do the map quizzes on time, they are easy points. Tests are very difficult, and the review sheets are very vague. To succeed, you must find your information from the book. GIS Project is tough, but doable if you try hard. I suggest going to his office hours.
His lectures are long and boring. 3 exams including the final but he drops your worst one (first time he's done this) gives you no study guide so it's hard to know what to expect. Attendance is a HUGE part of your grade and there is a big GIS project due at the end of the semester. 60 point map quizzes every week open book online super easy.
There are 3 exams and one final (accumulative). Each section has about 7-8 videos that range from 30 minutes to an hour. There are quizzes in between sections, and two papers. If you do not have the time to put in effort, do NOT take her!! You MUST really understand (not memorize) everything and have the time for it all.
HARD tests. does make the subject interesting but the tests are a huge part of the class and theyre very difficult. its a basic class and shouldnt be that hard.
Whoever put a chili pepper next to this lady is trippin. She tries to be funny. Class is boring. Tests are ambiguous. Final is cumulative. Studied and got a C+ in the class. Try to take natural disasters with someone else. This class was my worst class last semester.
FAIRLY EASY! GO 2 CLASS & TAKE GOOD NOTES. GOODLUCK TOO EVERY1 WHO THINKS THEIR GOING 2 GET AN A IN HER CLASS:)
Very hard to listen to, class got very boring toward end of semester. Although the class was not too difficult and pretty straight forward, I would not take him again.
Had this class when it was still named IDS 180, but dang Tyler is the best to take for this course. Not because he teaches you so well but because he makes the class so easy compared to the others. The only difficult-ish assignment is an HTML website you have to build but he just wants the very basic codes. TAKE HIM!!!
Monotone professor will bore you. Do not go to class, you will not learn much or even stay. Book was useless, class still did horrible on test which are curved. Just spend time doing assignments and extra credit. But Tyler is helpful if you go to office hours. Overall, class was pretty easy and laid back but I barely passed.
Very boring teacher. Would mess up a lot on his own assignment presentations, which was annoying when you have to redo a ton of your notes. Unless you take very detailed notes or bring your laptop to class and do the assignments there, you will get screwed. Tests are kinda hard but nothing to worry about. There is a fairly large curve.
clay's a pretty unorganized guy and this class is boring period no matter who you take but he grades on a curve i did bad on all my tests but the curve gave me a B overall and the assigments are really easy if you go to class you'll do a lot better even tho its boring
He is very proud of his work, therefore you hear a lot about it, which may or may not be relevant. I found the tests to be easy if you took good notes on both the reading and his lectures. Write down everything he says. If you sleep through class, of course you aren't going to think the tests are easy.
This class was boringg and there's so much information that you never know what's going to be on the exams, oh and there are only two exams so if you mes s up the first one... . he wants you to read the book, but it was like $100, i bought it, and never opened it. I would just say don't take him.. it's not an enjoyable class
You are expected to read almost 50 pages per night. Pretty much no one in class read though because the next day the reading was in his powerpoint lecture. The tests never seemed to relate to the lectures, and the final exam was something that no amount of studying could prepare you for. So long as you show up and he likes you, you will do fine.
Caring and intimating professor who wants all his students to do well. However, he restructured this course and made it quite difficult and unnecessarily challenging
Unfair tests....nice guy and all but do not take
I really liked her. I thought she was extremely organized and usually spells out exactly what is important material to know. I really enjoy her class and I think she is a good professor to take for a Stats 215 class.
Interesting prof, If you can get someone else do it, otherwise she's not too bad, just brutally boring.
I though that this class was fairly hard, although I did get an A without going to class. I studied outside of class which helps, and get all the extra credit points.
she knows her stuff and her tests are easy
She is one of the hardest WRT 150 teachers, however, she can be very helpful. She rips apart your papers and tell you what you need to fix. GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS! She will help you individually where your paper needs help and gives you ideas. She expects a lot out of her students, so just work hard and you will do fine.
She's a bit scary, but you'll learn a lot if you put effort into it. She also will meet with you any time. It's not a blow off class, get over it.
If you're looking for an easy writing class - don't take her. She expects a lot out of writing assignments, and why not? You should be able to write a college-level paper by the time you enter college. Put effort into papers and you will do fine!
Mrs. Lubic is helpful in the fact she tears your paper apart because they need to be. However, she does not give SPECIFIC help on how to change things. You have to ASK questions and DRAIN her for information.
The class is very boring and she isn't a big help. Not too bad but she talks a lot about nothing and repeats herself over and over again.
SOOO incredibly boring. Literally puts you to sleep. I skipped almost all classes and got an A; just read the book.
Intro to Human Rights is kind of an interesting course. Prof. Cornish has a soft voice that might cause your mind to wander, so try to focus. Maybe record his lectures. He's a reasonable grader, and his tests are quizzes aren't that difficult as long as you skimp through the assigned readings and listen to his lectures. Participation matters.
I've had him before and I don't think he's a bad prof....its not that he makes it boring but some of the subjects are just impossible to make interesting.. I admit I have missed a ton of class and my grade is suffering because of it. GO TO CLASS and dont hand in stuff late... major deductions!!
I thought it was going to be alot more boring than it was. He does have a qiurky thing about him, but i like it. i have learned a lot. He did seem to be teaching to people who already knew what we were there to learn, but i caught up.
nice guy pop qz at the end of sem so you can miss the begining
Very knowledgable. Willing to teach you.Sense of humor appearred later in class.
Hodgson is a good lecturer, she knows what she's talking about and her classes are pretty straightforward, but she can be a giant pain to deal with. If you get on her bad side by expressing an opinion she doesn't agree with, she'll be extra condescending to you (which is bad because she gives a participation grade) and grade you very harshly.
BAD TEACHER! U need to read...a lot of the exams r based on the book. Also, movies r important! But she teaches this course way too hard for an Intro level class! Waste your time elsewhere if u r using this to fulfill a requirement!
He is ruthless in grading sometimes but he wants you to really grasp the material and be able to explain your processes. He is willing to help if you ask him for help, that's what office hours are for you know.
He was a good professor, but he didn't seem like he cared about you that much just wanted the work done. He was very laid back and the work was easy.
TOUGH TEACHER...but if you take notes, memorize them for the test, work hard with your group for the paper, and follow her directions, it's not TOO bad. She will help but can be really harsh so don't take her words to heart.
She is interested in keeping the students grades in mind. She is there to help you. Her exams are fair, but you need to study for them and pay attention in class. You cannot really miss a class period. She likes to pile on the homework and make her take home quizzes extremely hard.
This class is very difficult, but manageable as long as you do the optional homework and attend class every day. There are 8 quizzes, with the lowest being dropped. They are given at random times so missing class one day can land you with a zero on a quiz. His exams are difficult, but he does allow a blank sheet of paper for notes.
Dr. Pearson is an expert in her field. The class is challenging, especially for those with no background in linguistics, and the material is dense. However, she is more than willing to make time to help you improve. Do not come in expecting to study literature.
OKAY SO I THOUGHT MARKETING WOULD BE FUN BUT SHE SURE PROVED ME WRONG. BORING AND LOTS OF INFORMATION TO MEMORIZE. MAKE SURE TO MAKE TIME FOR THIS CLASS IF YOU WANT A GOOD GRADE. READ THE BOOK & KNOW THE SLIDES WELL...=)G
Long lectures, challenging tests. Read book, review notes, do papers ahead of time. You'll do fine. Grading was okay this summer due to intensity of the short session. Good luck and make sure you read and go over notes.
The class is comprised of a couple assignments, a final paper, a presentation, and a few exams which are on blackboard and timed (but you have plenty of time). You don't have class on exam days since the exams are online and she usually posts the exam early, which is nice. She is super nice& always brings treats. Don't stress about the presentation
He's a cool guy. I would advice you to have completed calculus 3 before taking calculus physics 2. Concurrent enrollment is not a good idea, you'll probably struggle. I dropped the class but know after calc 3 am ready as ever to tackle electricity.
Take his class. It is his last year (2015-16). He has amazing lectures and connects them to life, you will take a lot from his lectures. He teaches you to think in a way I cannot explain. He will show you many concepts and many aspects of life. He has a lot of stories as well. Only true challenge is the research paper and group project,but worth it
Professor Heredia is one of the most inspirational and interesting professors I've had. He expects 10+ "topics for discussion" due at the beginning of each week, a page or more in length for each topic, worth 10 points total. So approximately 1 point for each page which isn't realistic whatsoever. Other than that, he's a great professor.
He is a excellent professor.I do not think he tries to be more superior then his students.I beieve he wants us to try and achieve our best. He is very open minded and will listen to one's opinions.If you come back with a good remark it will stop him in his tracks.Only wants the best out of his student.No test,just chapter work,and 2 paper finals
Extremely scary instructor. Talks about himself and past war experience 99% of the class. The man is living on the edge - seriously.
Seems hard but do journals and paper and will get an A
Lecture content was barely finance, mostly math. Some vague test questions. Be careful w/paper-while completely fulfilling and answering requirements, lost points for not answering questions that were not listed (or obvious) as having to address. Unorganized a lot of the time. Extra credit on "final" was a joke. Overrated IMO. Maybe too personal
He teaches the material well although sometimes he can ramble and it can get a bit confusing. Take notes of what he writes on the board and says!!! there's 3 tests which has some fill in the blank questions so make use of the study guide he provides! tests have a 3 page essay portion. Lots of reading! But you can get a good grade if you work for it
Dr. King is a baller, heard he has whiskey for breakfast. On the reals, follow his notes as fast as you can cause he speeds through them then expects you to know it all on tests. Go to class! missing one day can screw you. Tests are hard, essays are easy to ****.
The textbook isn't needed, but some may find it useful. Sutton gets off topic easily so lectures can be difficult, but she also gives out test questions/answers in lectures. Attendance is mandatory if you want to do well on the tests in my opinion. Your grade is heavily based on the 4 tests.
This class you have to just power through. Lectures can be beyond boring (or seriously out of pocket), but she gives you test questions and counts attendance for extra credit at the end of the semester. Assignments out of class can seem excessive but are easy points. I wouldn't buy the textbook because she posts chapter outlines on Canvas.
She is the funniest professor and her lectures are very funny. With that being said, this class is so easy. If you go to her "optional" classes she does zoom polls to give word for word test questions with the answers. Her grading scale is nice where a 90-100 is a 4.0! Passing this class and getting an A is so easy, also I never used the textbook.
Sutton's lectures drag, the only reasons I showed up to all of them is the attendance policy and the fact that she gives out test questions. The way she teaches is just annoying. This class isn't hard if you do all the work, but save yourself the headache if you can.
Sutton is really enthusiastic & interested in the content. All-or-nothing grading can really hurt you if you're not careful & she is very eccentric & weird (a little condescending at times). Show up if you want to do well - gives away lots of test questions in class. Good study guides & straightforward tests. Do the work, it's really not that hard.
Professor Sutton is a little weird at times but always has very interesting stories to share with the class. Most of the material is pretty boring but she does really try to make it enjoyable. Tests are 100 questions with multiple choice, T/F, and matching. Typically she will tell you specific things to study during class, so pay attention.
Class is definitely not an easy A but it's possible to get one. Must study a week prior to exam to get a high grade. There are 4 exams, no cumulative. She's very funny and interesting, so is the class. She gives hints on what will be on the exam. Offers 10-12 extra credit points!
This may be health class, but the exams are not common sense like you might expect, and without studying, it's easy to bomb a test. I like Professor Sutton, but the class was just not interesting to me. The wellness requirements sucked, and I only ended up getting half of the gym hours and one passport event. Do those and study and you'll be fine.
Hard to like at first, but genuinely a nice person. I don't know why people say her tests are hard and nit-picky. Just study the outlines really well. I didn't even buy the book. Seriously, study the outlines and do your assignments and you're guaranteed an A.
The teacher isnt that bad- however she moves very quickly. She does post everything on blackboard. as long as you do all the work youll do fine
I've had some really smart professors here at JMU and sutton is...not one of them. No seriously, she is pretty dumb and makes a lot of awkward, unnecessary comments in class on really gross subjects. Class is straightforward, tells what info is definintely going to be on test. Tests are very challenging, study hard.
Professor Bell makes chem1 really easy and all you have to do is take notes that are on the board and hand them into the teacher assistance and you receive an A+ by just taking the notes and showing up for class
I am in his translation class now, and it is terrible. Professor Rapin offers little translation strategies, and worst of all, most of the translations will not appear on the tests. He is so lazy -- it's obvious that he always throws together the daily lessons, as well as the tests! He is useless!
If you want an easy A but don't want to learn anything about the actual Spanish language, then take this Professor. He's the laziest professor that I have had in college. We watched Flipper in Spanish, some Gloria Estefan videos (many which were in Portuguese and not Spanish--we're not idiots!) I wanted to learn but I did NOT learn anything new.
His test are hard but he gives you plenty of extra credit and drops one test score. His lectures consist of him talking and he doesn't write notes on the board (bring a voice recorder). Class requires a lot of reading in the textbook and taking the questions online. Visual learners may have trouble on his lecture tests but will exceed well at lab.
he is a pretty cool guy but he sticks directly to the books. so if you study the book word for word you will do good on the tests and he explains things thoroughly. the only thing i didn't like was that sometimes he had the students teach the class which i don't like at all because nobody knows what they are talking about.
This class is super easy as long as you follow his instructions. Write a few summaries, essays, do the revisions, do the project and you're good. Even easier online!
Extremely boring! Babbles and goes off on random tangent but the class was not difficult. Reading the book is necessary if you want to do well. I would prefer him over other psyc 101 teachers because he is the easiest. However some of his stories are hilarious and he laughs at his own jokes...
Very strange man....but nice. He knows a lot about the material and knows everyone that has had anything to do with child psyc in the past 50 years. the class is rather boring and he has a tendency to stray from his outline. Just read the textbook and you should be fine.
This is a professor that really knows his stuff! That being said, he skipped around in time periods sometimes, and it felt really confusing at times. The latter half of the class was a lot less confusing. There are only a handful of assignments which is nice, but you're really screwed if you do poorly on more than one. Take time to do the readings!
Tough class,but learn a lot...Jumps around a lot in lecture and isn't very structed, don't expect to get an A. Avoid if ya can, but its not that bad
He's a great guy, I can tell he really enjoys his job and his students. I personally, I was not that interested in the material.
I took Kaplan for honors colloquium. He was amazing. His handwriting is IMPOSSIBLE to read, but he grades well and the class is fun. He creates a great classroom environment.
Class and lecture kept my attention and he's got a pretty good sense of humor. Read the text, come to class and take notes - it's that simple. Somewhat difficult to figure out what he's looking for in an essay but will clarify if you ask him.
The class was pretty easy, aslong as you showed up for class and read the material you are set. Tests were open note and most of the answers could be found in the power points that he lectured from. He is very nice but if you disagree with him on something he just sticks with what the law says.
Super easy, but I haven't learned a thing, and I want to be a CJ major! I should either start studying on my own, or just take the class again with a different teacher. He's made our exams open book, so it's not even worth trying at this point. The only reason you have to show up to class is when he starts giving random 5 pt worksheets.
The class would be very difficult if he did not allow notes on the tests. He does what he can to help students get through the class by giving extra credit. I would take him again, but the tests would be very difficult without open notes.
this. class. is. AWESOME. i hated math and he convinced me to become a math major. he doesn't use a book and his methods are different, but in terms of pure mathematics, it's the best you can get. the people below who were 'good at math' clearly weren't if they didnt do well. if you want an easy A, steer clear, but take if you truly love math.
He's not a bad guy. He's really sweet and tries to help. The course itself is confusing though. No attendance policy, no homework, no book, extra credit for exams...you wont die through it. I never go to class ever and I'm pulling a B
I love this man. He is hillarious and so happy all the time BUT...The course is a very scary and evil thing. The "nature" of mathematics basically means the beginning of math and how it was done PRE-calculator...Really, not a good choice
Hilarious guy, real fun. Huge curve, tough to understand in class, but you'll have to work outside to retain anything.
Dr. Legates is a solid professor. The material he teaches is dry and boring, but he uses his dry sense of humor to make it at least a little more engaging. There are 3 exams that are pretty difficult, but the labs are easy and will boost your grade. He posts all the slides online
Every class is a boring lecture that puts you to sleep. Theres hours and hours of reading every week. The essay questions he gives are so vague that it's hard to get a good grade on them. Overall, don't take this class. I felt like I had no more free time because all of my time and energy was being put into this class and I got nothing out of it.
Good prof, but lectures are pointless. The multiple-choice questions on the tests are word for word from the book. In other words, READ! The paper and presentation are easy, just make sure you are in a good group.
Lectures are boring and she goes off on pointless tangents. Exams are hard and are based on the book and not at all on the lectures. Lots of projects/teamwork too.
Everything is straight from the book. She loves to talk about herself though.
He is a really knowledgeable professor. Homework and labs are really easy, but test can be pretty lengthy and hard. The only really downside is if you go to him for help, he really doesn't help you that much...or makes you feel like he is to busy to help you and gives the impression that you are stupid. Overall, he is a decent professor.
He is a very knowledgable man, even though he does tend to ramble and gets off track. He was also unorganized, but he knew it was a problem and was very fair while trying to fix his mistakes. Overall, I learned a lot. He helped a lot with any questions I had and provided HUGE amounts of extra credit for anyone that needed to bring their grade up.
Halsell seems to be a hit or miss among students. You either love her or you don't. This class isn't easy, and she makes you work for your grade. Her tests are difficult but usually applies a curve because the averages are usually in the 60's. LOTS of little assignments to help out your grade, also lots of group work. Take her if you can.
She's absolutely brilliant, nice, hilarious, and an amazing lecturer (when she lectures), but I hated this class. I don't know what it is with JMU's biology department, but the group work has to stop. This class was solely based on group work all the way up until the final which was the hardest thing I've ever take. I would not recommend.
genetics is just a hard subject. she's not bad outside of class. she comes off as cold in class, but she's actually funny (she makes fun of herself!) and really nice. she loves her drosophila! it's not what i expected but it was a nice challenge.
Very easy tests as long as you study the materials; also give take home tests and have to do research papers but they are all easy as long as you do exactly what he wanted. Very nice and easy going.Response very promptly thru emails if you have questions. recommend taking this prof. grades very fairly.
Mr.K is a very helpful teacher. He's always willing to help. He uses different ways to explain the concept for u, but sometimes i think his class is kind of boring because he spend too much time explaining the basic stuffs.
If you don't attend class, you will not pass. This professor gives 6 point notecards each and they are not easy questions- you definitely have to pay attention in class or you will not receive a good grade on the notecard and that's the most important part aside from 2 group projects that are also horrible and is 13+ people in each group.. Bad idea
He is so passionate about what he is teaching and he is really nice. He has some cool stories if you actually listen. The midterm was easy if you study and you have daily notecards to fill out! He also offers extra credit. The topic is really boring but he is a great guy and makes it more interesting.
A LOT of studying for only a few questions on each exam. Only grades are exams and an essay, so study hard. Don't bother reading the whole chapters, just wait till he posts the terms online and then look for them and type up notes for each term. Did this and got an A. Don't forget the online notes, he likes to sneak questions from them onto exams.
If there's an option involved DO NOT take him! It's a two hour class and he talks the whole time! It's boring! He gives you 20 minutes at the end of class to take the exam and then rushes you! It a "weed out" class for sure! I read the book, notes and went to every class and was still lost when I took the exam. If your bad at tests don't take him!
He knows his stuff, no doubt, but I would zone out because of boredom. I hated the class, personally. Study hard for the exams and try to pay attention. The papers and commentaries aren't hard...just be detailed and write well and you should do fine. He's tough too...don't try to turn anything in late!
the papaer that is due at the end of the semester is graded so easy you'll love the guy. class is boring though unless you like to watch movies.
Dr. Allison is a nice guy that makes class somewhat interesting. He is very experienced with the material, and has worked with many of the students that he lectures about, which makes what he is saying a lot more interesting and reliable. The tests aren't that hard, there are some essays which aren't too bad, and in class activities. Overall good
The content was somewhat boring and lengthy, but he is interested in the subject so that helps keeps your attention. He moves quickly through the lectures, so take a laptop to take notes or you'll miss things. The class is entirely based on points, nothing is weighted, which is kind of nice. There is a tutoring option for extra credit too!
The material is a bit much for the course and the tests are pretty hard. However, if you attend class, do the labs (not just a touch and go), read, and focus on the lecture material given, you will be fine. Microscope slides (in lab) make up majority of the tests. Very knowledgeable prof who does care!
Good class and interesting reading. Hard to get an A in his class unless you study forever. The exams are essays and you know the possible questions a week in advance- problem is that each question is a half a page long and very complicated.
Very nice guy. His classes were pointless though, i stopped going after the first test, and just got the review study guide. There's some computer exercises and west wing papers you have to do, but it wasn't too bad. 4 exams, drops the lowest one. =)
Definitely easy and helps keep you awake at 8am. Don't take if you're easily offended though, his stories are OUT THERE
This class isnt necessarily difficult on the material its just a lot of work on the assignments. There are four unit assignments which will range from 5-10 pages each, a final paper 8-12 pages, quizzes for each unit as well as a 200 question final. Doable if you put the correct amount of time in, but excessive in some parts. Textbook is needed.
She is very passionate about the subject, but the class is so boring. It's kind of nice to learn about ISAT at first, but then it goes off into some random stuff about thinking certain ways. The work/homework isn't hard just very long and tedious. Lots of group work which is nice.
Not sure why GEOG 355 isn't on here but don't take her GPS class if you have a hard semester. Working with the GPS units is fun but there is a long end of year project that will take all of your time. She is a very nice person but it is unclear what she wants from you at points. This class should honestly be reserved for grad school.
This is not a bad class at all. It doesn't require much work or studying. I got an A- and I only studied the night before each test and I did the paper the night before it was due. The class is kind of boring, but it's a pretty easy gen-ed. I definitely recommend it.
Professor Alsabbagh overall is good professor his lectures are pretty straightforward, encourages participation, and provides some well written notes. He even tries to crack a few jokes which helps because class can get dull. But he is tough a grader, a bit cagy when asked for help, and he can be hard to understand. Just make sure to read the notes
helpful but told my friend he was going to be a failure and i didn't like that
I did not do well in this class because the grade is based on tests and quizzes, and i suck at math!! Terry is a cute old man, and I really enjoyed him, but he isnt the best prof....sorry terry!!
Class lectures are a little boring but if you go for the un announced quizes and go to lab you should do fine. turn in the labs and projects and do myitlab.
The mandatory attendance is due to quizes and lab times. He likes to talk about himself a lot but if you show up and do your projects you'll get a decent grade. Each lab is only worth about 1% of your overall grade so if you miss one or two you'll be fine.
I loved his attitude- even though at times he can be a cranky old man.. ha ha. He doesn't really require a textbook. LOTS of notes! I loved his classes... I just didn't always agree with him.
His class is hard.There's about a quiz, sometimes 2 every week.The quiz's are hard and the tests are hard.What he says is going to be on the tests, its usually not on the test.
Tests are not too difficult if you pay attention in class and study the powerpoint slides. The video project requires some effort but is worth it, especially for the Beute's (award ceremony at the end of the semester). Definately the best psych teacher at Creighton.
Very nice guy, approachable and wise. Knows his stuff! However, some of the reading material is kind of dated. It was difficult to determine what he wanted on One of his heavily weighted assignments and I received a poor grade on the assignment. If you need help, he will try to provide it for you. Some of his tests are also hard but use study guide
I found him to be a good professor I don't know why other people are obsessed about him. The only thing he requires a certain level of attention that you have to show. Also, I was ok with his accent.
Professor Grenquist is my favorite professor at wentworth. You learn so much in his class, the man is a genius. He is also hilarious! I highly recommend him.
Honestly, I went into this class dreading it because I've never been good at math. Just go to class because he gives pop quizzes and in class assignments that really help boost your grade. Try to sit towards the front because he tends to talk quietly. I'm really glad I had him because I ended up with an A-.
Very nice guy, and is more than willing to help during office hours. but his teaching is not always clear and is hard to learn from. i learned primarily from the book and then asked him questions during office hours.
don't take him unless you have a good math knowledge. goes through lecture quickly, but the class itself is easy. lots of worksheets and stuff to raise your grade. drops 5 lowest grades. VERY EASY CLASS. nice guy
Professor Gross knows what he's doing in math, and is intelligent, but his teaching skills could be better. Tests are somewhat hard but fair, and the pace of his class is pretty quick.
A tough grader, grades comparing you to other students, no As for effort. Maybe a bit too tough for 100 level, but I didn't feel unjustified with any of my grades. I learned a lot.
Jane is very sweet and thoughtful. Sometimes she's frustrating because she gets sidetracked and you end up waiting around a lot for individual help, but I learned a lot in her classes.
Tends to stuff a lot of information into each class. We breezed through roughly a century of 'Modern Design' in a semester. Expect to about 150 images and artists per exam. Tests are multiple choice, but it didn't help much when the only grade aside from the 4 tests were small attendance assignments to make sure you were in class each day.
I failed her Stats class. I took it again, and went to tutoring and actually went to class. I still struggled but I got a B! She's a tough grader and she expects a lot, but she's not out to fail people. Definitely don't take her classes if you plan to half-ass it.
Prof Yang is always willing to demonstrate the forms if you don't understand or are having problems. Her main flaw is that sometimes she doesn't explain things well, so those demonstrations are key-- watch her like a hawk, and copy her movements. Added bonus: the class is 70% based on attendance.
First 20 minutes of every class he asks about current events and discusses, then the last 30 minutes he lectures. He tells it like it is and is entertaining, he takes attendance if the less than half the class shows up (for extra credit) The tests are hard but I got a B in the class and never read the book, just get a study group together IT HELPS!
It was a fun class to go to, but we didn't really learn much in the lectures. Usually we'd go through about 40 minutes of current event and then his 10 minute rant about Hilary Clinton. He's funny though, and if you pick a fight, make sure you have 100% concrete evidence that you can cite. Read the book, you'll pass easily.
I took Dr. Ball for 101, 203, and 206. You will learn a lot from him. However, if you don't like to think for yourself, forget it. He challenges students to think about side of the box, and most people have a problem with that. He uses the text book a lot and contradicts what it is saying so that you can hear two sides to what you're learning.
Dr Ball is definatly worth taking. You will learn a new way to argue. He has his own style, thats for sure. Current events are a huge deal to him and most of the class is spent on current things. Hint - find old tests!
You can tell she loves geology. She is a good teacher but, her exams are fairly difficult. The class average for most exams were around a high C or low B. If you show up to every class, do all of the labs, and study somewhat for the exams you should get at least a B. She may not be for everyone but, I would take another class with her.
Professor Webster is a quirky old guy. He tends to go off on tangents and mumbles to himself, but his personality makes the class enjoyable. Tough grader, but allows rewrites on all papers. Grade is based off of in-class participation, 2 papers, a midterm, and a final. Doesn't use BlackBoard so you have to keep track of your grade yourself.
Professor Webster takes a seemingly boring subject and creates interest with his enthusiasm and passion for English. You barely need to do the readings, just make sure you participate in the daily writing assignments and you'll do fine. EASY midterm and final. 1 paper due after the midterm. He's super laid back and adjusts the course to fit the class. Definitely recommended.
she is very hard if you are not organized also strict and wants things a certain way but i learned a lot and she is funny. do the journals!! there are many but they are super easy!! i would def take her again! she is helpful and very clear with what she wants. if your not lazy and check blackboard you should do fine
she is a good teacher if u like to learn history, her study guides are good, although her t/f tests are often tricky and some of the questions are never covered in class and i have had her twice unfortunately and these were two of the hardest classes to get a good grade in.
Maybe it was my classmates, but i LOVED my class with Towers. The aura of the class was very comfortable and interactive. Loved the people, the material and his teaching style. He's very easy going and i would take a class from him any time.
He knows his stuff, told interesting stories. My 3 hour class flew by.
She is intimidating at times. She talkes a lot and after she is done talking I often had to ask myself okay now what exactly am I supposed to do? Her instructions were not clear. The good thing is that if you do poor on a paper she lets you redo it for a better grade. She is very picky on papers but she shows you your mistakes. I learned a lot
She was fun and had interesting insights into the pieces of literature we examined. Despite those positives she put a lot of emphasis of jumping through hoops rather then the quality or content of ones thoughts. The funny thing is she knows this?
This prof class is EASY!! She does lecture the entire time, I mean to the last minute. She does tell a ton of stories, which aren't bad at all. You get 15 bonus points if you only miss 1 class. She gives practice test on blackboard; just study these and you'll pass no problem. I didnt buy the book and recieved an (B+) in the class. Saves u 150.00!!
In general, he's a nice guy. If he corrects you on a problem you did wrong, he WILL make you feel stupid. He has a tendency to talk down to his students even if they have a good grade in the class. MA107 is an Aleks based course, meaning it's all online. We met three times per week, but you only need to show up on fridays because he gives quizzes.
easy class. doesn't require homework to be turned in, but i recommend doing it. prof. sammons is pretty easy to get along with. i liked him, but at the same time i can see why some others didn't. but like i said, the class is easy so if you're looking for an easy A, well, dana's your man.
Very nice person. She creates a great environment in class. This is communication, but not where u have to speak in front of class, just with the people around u. Easy A with decent effort. The papers and quizzess are easy. Her tests are fairly tough, but she is a fair grader. Tests require a good amount of studying. I'd recommend her to anyone.
She is a very nice person and all, but her class was impossible. She flew through all of the material and was more concerned about being on schedule with her syllabus than concerned with if everyone in the class got what we were doing.
She seems pretty nice, but she gets really impatient. Kinda irritating.
lots of homework, difficult class, she goes fast but will help you if you ask
good prof. talks a little fast very willing to help though
Dr. Bruggink is a great guy who has done really cool research. Many people say his lectures are boring but I enjoyed them and learned a lot, you just have to turn your brain on. His tests are long answer and you have to be able to apply the concepts you learn- really tough but that's the whole point right?
This was an easy class seriously all the tests were on blackboard. He talks about race every class which is annoying but he is nice. I would get him as a teacher. He cares about his students.
I've had him for two classes now, did none of the readings, and got an A in both. He's easy. I'm also a history major with some general knowledge of what he teaches. Most of class he just wanders off to random subjects..not what you are covering...but his exam reviews are basically the test. If you get a bad grade, that is completely YOUR FAULT!
She is very tough. She knows her stuff though. She tries to make things fair, even if it is hard, but she doesn't explain things clearly or slow enough.
You might think you are not doing that well in his class but when he gives you your grades you will see very different. I thought I had a low B but I than saw I had an A going into the final! He curves, is very nice, doesn't take attendance but can be boring. Take him if you aren't crazy about math but want a good grade.
the material is easy but the tests are hard and count for a lot. Not the best teacher but he tries. 4 big tests, and usually a pop quiz atleast every week(each one only counts for 10 points). Doesnt take attendance
VERY easy class. You basically never have to show up. The powerpoints are exactly what the tests are, so once you have the powerpoint notes then dont bother showing up except for test days. the only points are from the tests. he gives extra too! He is a very boring teacher though
I really liked him. Show interest, do your work, use study guides, u'll be fine.
A pretty good teacher, but he expects you to remember many details and read between the lines. Instead of quizzing or testing you on the main concepts, he likes to pick out little things like specific verses that you should remember and what corresponds to it. I liked listening to him teach as he was a good teacher, but not taking his tests/quizzes
He's and ok professor. Not too interesting but he is very funny. Did not learn much about biology but I did learn a lot on health and genetics. Do assignments and you should be fine with passing the class.
I was the only one in my section to get an A in the class last semester, I am no bio wiz either. Just do the 5 assignments you get and study for the 3 exams. I never read the book, but I paid attention in class and took good notes. Likes to repeat himself and to talk about his family
Really great guy overall, but not clear when explaining things. I only passed with the grade I did because he will bump your grade up by a letter if you don't miss any classes at all. Math is hard, he made it a little tiny bit easier.
Yes, he is an EGOMANIAC, but his lectures are some of the most inspiring that I have ever had the pleasure to hear. His class is very difficult and you must take detailed notes and be able to write quickly to pass the exams, but the insight you gain in the end is worth it.
She's pretty much the truth. No matter who you take, this class is hard. You have to work hard, reading and outlining the material, outside of class to get anything out of her lectures. She is extremely fair. She tells you to "google" everything. It was annoying to be scolded for not keeping up with current events but other than that, she was cool.
He knows his stuff, does plenty of examples, and never gives pop quizzes.
He's a great prof that knows what he's talking about. His humor is very dry but I think he's hilarious bc of it. Gives many chances for ec and is great for wrt 150.
He is an amazing professor but you need to work for your grade. The readings and lectures hardly go together but you must know all of the material (book and lectures) in order to pass the class. On the first day he will ask if the class wants 3 or 4 exams. SAY YOU WANT FOUR! Exams are the only thing your grade is based off.
Brian comes off strong but has many, interesting stories to tell. You'll often be left in silence after his lectures. Class is SUPER tough and if you fall behind on the readings you're screwed. Class attendance is a must because you won't understand the notes if you don't go. Hardest class I've ever taken, but I'm taking him again next semester.
Definitely do the readings but he's very clear on what he wants.
God forbid we have to read:) He comes on a little strong but its just to entertain us and to weed out the lazy ones. I wouldnt take him when you have other hard classes or major time constraints because you will do poorly or atleast not stellar. If you can you should take him atleast once. I think he's a good prof and honestly has good intentions.
going to class and groups are interesting. the tests are hard to study for because the questions are so scattered. all notes are online so going to class isnt really required except you must go to the groups. not a bad class.
Do the crosswords, read the book, and buy the extra book, then the tests will be easy...otherwise, you're screwed
The lectures are very interesting and he does know his stuff. However, the amount of material you need to know is insane and tests are unreal. cool guy though
He gets down to business and he's no nonsense. Honestly, I felt the material is unbelievably easy but I love math. Take all the notes and do the book problems right before the test as practice, you'll get an A.
I'm NOT a math person and I got an A. The subject is really easy and he could make the tests and quizzes a lot harder but he doesn't. He really wants you to do well, though he doesn't seem it. He's socially awkward and seems mean and unnaproachable, but he really isn't if he knows you try and really need his help. Has his rude moments, but NOT BAD!
The classes are very boring and the way he explains the material is confusing. The tests are pretty hard, but quizzes and assignments are easy. The final is a cumulative departmental exam.
this guy is an pretty good teacher. i sometimes understand him. he can be easy at times, but the same time be pretty hard. he talk soooo loud; sometimes scaring me. take him if you want; it's your choice.
he's a good prof. but he is mean. very mean. i had him first semester frosh year, and i went to see him once and i almost cried. but he really teaches the material.
Honestly, I took this class just for an easy ge and it definitely is not a breeze. I mean sure it's doable but way too much work. 50 question exam EVERY WEEK and a final. No book, just previously recorded lectures and video clips of music that you have to identify in the exam. Got an A, but I regret taking this class.
Really nice professor! attending class is not mandatory. 10 concerts and 4 test. you just need to study and memorize the songs then you will do fine.
If you are taking Music 151 you will have 3 diffrent teachers during the semester. When you get Yeager his class is online so the only time you would see him is on test day. To be Honest I hated this class but I went to most of the extra credit and I got a A. So as long as you go to the concert series and extra credit you will FOR SURE pass
If you are taking Music 151 you will have 3 diffrent teachers during the semester. When you get Yeager his class is online so the only time you would see him is on test day. To be Honest I hated this class but I went to most of the extra credit and I got a A. So as long as you go to the concert series and extra credit you will FOR SURE pass
extremly easy class. pay attention in class and do the homeworks. you would have to try to not get a good grade. brings food into class all the time too!!
He is quite passionate, but felt more like a politics class than history. I took this hoping for an easy GE, but it certainly is not that. Many easy but time-consuming assignments. Clicker points graded on accuracy and are based on very long readings, so majority of people end up guessing. Not difficult if you are willing to put in a lot of time.
This class isn't a typical history class. The prof is pretty disorganized, the quizzes are hard BUT if you work with him he is happy to give extra points. There is no real way to fail this class even if you fail all the quizzes. He gives tons of extra credit, the final is a take home paper. But he is very unorganized which makes the class difficult
Nobiletti is a kind guy. That being said his class is not as easy as people make it out to be. You MUST do the readings prior to the quizzes. Read everything in the books too, because it is hard to tell what he will pick for the quizzes. He doesn't follow his syllabus very well, it's hard to know where you stand in the class. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT!
I think this subject is too close to home for him to teach. He really cares about the subject and very knowledgeable, but he gets easily offended. there's a lot to read. 6 quizzes and 2 papers; also video critiques. it is interesting, but he does get off topic easily. Overall a nice guy and a reasonable class
This class was not what I expected. Like the person before me said, its more about gay sexuality rather than the history. He is a nice guy, but can get frustrated easily. He stands @ the podium & lectures the whole time, which isn't my style. Once you figure out how the class works, its not too bad. Take home mid term and final, which was nice =)
He is a knowledgeable teacher, but he just throws so much information at you that it is impossible to learn all that you see in and outside of class. He should choose only the most important subjects and focus on them. He also makes you buy like five books which you arent going to be able to read completely.
He really has one of the biggest Ego's i've ever seen from a professor. He has a very "ole miss" like persona about him. avoid if possible.
Look up the youtube video yantek. This class is hard but you should take it and you will be better for it. there is a high chance you disagree with him and thats ok. try to learn from this...
I hated this class and was glad as long as I passed. He was a sarcastic man who I did not find helpful at all. This class was boring!
Cy is a good teacher his class isn't that hard if you go. You are allowed to use your notes and the books on the exams. His class is not mandatory to attend but I recommend you do it makes it a lot easier to pass the exams, which are all true false including the final.
He is a very funny teacher, which makes you want to come to class. His exams are hard to understand but they are all 25 questions true or false. The take home final is worth 100 points, if you get together with a group of people you can work on it together. The in class final is 75 questions true or false. 50 50!
Good gosh. I have never had such an easy class. The tests are all true/false!! Honestly! How can you fail?? He gives you a take-home final for god's sake! If you don't understand him, I suggest expanding your vocab. He *does* use some higher level language, but no more than is expected of college students. Too bad he's retiring soon.
He is very passionate. Uses difficult language on tests to trick you. Pretty fair
Classical Sociological Theory was an interesting class he knows who attends class and who texting, so you have to pay attention. The class has 4 quizzes, 1 paper, attendance, 1 extra credit assignment. He grades really hard. TBH I HARDLY read the book that is required and I got a (B+) on the assignment paper. Other than that the class is fine.
Extremely biased, arrogant,condescending, and rude. If you do not agree with his point of view, he will not like you. I think professors should keep their personal beliefs to themselves, and not preach to their students. Teach the subject matter, and don't stand up there with your nose in the air! Yeah you Beeman.
Great class, great fun, he really lets the students do a lot of the work themselves (which is good for learning, but more work). Funny guy, tends to play favorites a little, though.
This guy is a hard grader but will make you learn. Not an easy class but he is willing to help. He swears alot and****girls blatantly in class, possibly a ****. would recommend good looking girls travel in packs to his office just to be safe. probably wouldnt recommend this guy
Do NOT take this as a GE unless you are very interested in history or are a history major. Ysursa is a great lecturer and can hold a class' attention, but his grading can be harsh. He even warns students at the start of the semester that his class isn't just easy memorization. If you're a freshman just looking for the credit, move on.
He will treat you like you've never thought critically before. It's not meant to be an insult. He just wants to prepare you to think critically for when you are a teacher! You have to take good notes in this class to make complete arguments.
Very demanding class. He expects a lot. Tons of work and u must think a lot, but well worth it: Not for those who like being fed information: this class is for those who want to learn to analyze and think for themselves! Dr Y is receptive to Q's and is willing to help. Interesting class, entertaining prof. Lots of different learning methods.
Teaching style is different but fun. Dr.Y is VERY HOT and SUPER FUNNY. Few quizzes but that last take home essay is a killer if you don't start on it right away.
This class is a breeze until the test. There are two essay test and one final essay. There is no way to know what he wants and it is very confusing. This is supposed to be a history class, well it isn't. Basically you go in there and listen to his pointless lectures, write down eveything and then barely use it for the test. Would not recommend
Super easy and the guy is super funny. Definitely recommend this class.
Pretty easy class...make sure you attend class...he doesn't give notes, he lectures. Easy tests and half the time he gives you the answers, don't buy the book (you wont need it). He also takes attendance...go b/c if you miss a day he takes off 1 letter grade per absence.
Only two tests, no paper, no final: easy, easy A. Just do the work, even during class, and you'll get the same. Buy my book even. I sold it back to ECU: has ink stains over it, but it also has most of the answers too. I leanred not to ask questions after the first one I asked)because he is very disrespectful. Don't get caught w/o an answer either!
This class is a joke, you can pass this class just by studying the study guides. However, this class will not prepare you for CS310, unless you do all the extra work you will get destroy in CS310
Easy A in his classes, but if you're majoring in C.S, I suggest you not take his classes. Otherwise, you will have a hard time getting through upper-division C.S classes. What he teaches is too easy. He never replies email.
By no means is Patho an easy class, but Ulak made it much easier to understand. Once you get to know her, you'll learn she is a very sweet lady. The HESI and final were beyond difficult so make sure to have good quiz grades before the final weeks so your grade doesn't plummet. She is always answering emails to help, go to her if you have trouble.
Bloem is very passionate about literature and the refugee crisis. However, she is very disorganized, doesn't give clear expectations, and doesn't appreciate interpretations which differ from her own. She is fun and assigns great readings, but is a bit scattered. She also doesn't post grades so you never really know how you are doing.
She was strict in class attendance. When you come to this class be sure your writing skills are perfect. She assigned lesson plans that she didn't help guide. She was helpful if you talked after class. She is excited and passionate. Be prepared to learn a lot.
I was excited going into this class. Int'l children's lit sounded helpful (for a future elementary ed teacher). However, she focuses so much on the Middle East and fails to represent other countries and continents. In order to participate you need to be up to date with current events. Geography is key in this class. I don't recommend her.
very passionate about literature, little unorganized, but not a difficult class
Boring as all hell, bring the crossword to class if you go. First joke of the semester was good, but went downhill from there. Tests straight forward, silly extra credit questions like "how long is a texas rat snake." Bland, monotone, boring as all hell, but an easy A if you do all of your assignments...
Professor German is the best Professor I've had at IU so far. He respects his students, learns everyone's names, and goes out of his way to make sure everyone understands the course material. He is a little confusing, but his willingness to help gives you lots of opportunities to learn. I would, and probably will, take a class from him again.
German is inconsistent with emails and sometimes doesn't follow through with things he says he will, but he does care about his students plenty and will want to help you do well.
German is off da hizzook. Very crazy, easily offended, hilarious. He has repeatedly been more than 30 min late to lab. His teaching style leaves much to be desired, but he definitely is willing to make sure you succeed in his class.
Makes stupid jokes so tries to be funny. sometimes he confused me more, really hard to pay attention in class. No book needed to the problems and know them for the tests and you'll do fine. curves depending on how the class does. Overall i recomend
Professor Woodman is a nice guy, but his lectures are very long and very boring making them extremely hard to pay attention to. Lecture exams aren't terrible if you find quizlets with previous exam questions. Lab is a joke. You will study hours on end for a 10 point quiz. Probably one of the most annoying classes I've ever taken
Dr. Woodman gives a great lecture. I personally did not miss a class and did very well in his Anatomy class. About 50% of the questions on every exam can be found on old ones, which are easily attainable if you know anyone who has taken his class before. Lab is the killer though. It is tough to finish with an A if you don't do well in lab.
Very hard class. Woodman is very qualified to teach the subject material, but the class none-the-less is very hard and requires a great amount of dedication
i like him as a person but not his teaching style. he feels the need to rush so much through all the info that i don't get a chance to really understand it all. the tests are pretty ridiculous too.
I was 3rd in my class in HS and hated this class. I had to withdraw after getting a 68 on the first exam. It's not easy to get an A, and even an A- would hurt your GPA. Only 4 exams, so if you bomb one, you're toast. Tests are insanely hard. I'm finishing this sem with a 3.95, but if I would have stayed, I probably would have a 3.5. Terrible class.
He is an interesting guy and is always in a good mood. From Ethiopia, but has a very understandable accent. No complaints there. Quizzes for every few chapters and only 2 tests (midterm and final). A few papers that were very easy. The quiz and test questions were a little wordy, so make sure to really know the material. Oh, and go to class.
Somewhat hard to understand, all work is generally easy but tests are VERY hard
easy class if you attend regularly. very nice guy. study hard for the tests though. they are tricky.
He knows what he's talking about, and you'll learn how computers actually work, but there are four 20-page assignments and a final "paper" that was like writing a textbook. His grading is so difficult that almost everyone failed the first assignment. And the second. He curves at the end, but it is nor generous. Do not take if you can avoid it!
I don't know why people are being so hard on Linz. Before each exam she gives you a review sheet that literally has some of the actual test questions on it. If you know those you're guaranteed at least a 2.5 on exams. As for the project her grading was not anything that strayed from the rubric. Follow the reviews and rubrics and you'll do fine.
Not my favorite, defintely not an easy A
Yes, he is disorganized and difficult to understand but as tough as he is, he knows his****. Considering the jerks who tend to manage Newspapers or news stations, he is fair practice. He grades ridiculously but makes up for it with an insane amount of bonus points. Don't take him if you're a slacker; take him if you want to learn to write well.
His lecture slides are incredibly complicated and sometimes his lectures don't match up with them. Read the book and extra readings, he loves to ask specific questions from them on the test. Not my favorite teacher, but he wants to see his students do well.
Julie is the only prof for A201, so you're stuck with her. A201 is really hard but she tries to help you understand the basic concepts. But her tests are HARD and you really aren't prepared for them even if you do all the work. I did every single assignment that we had and I still got consistent 70's on the tests.
Very difficult course and many struggle, but if you have taken any accounting in high school, the course may come easier. You do not have to read the textbook, but make sure to extensively review the material and do all optional homework. Utilizing practice problems and reviewing the lectures are much more useful than reading the textbook.
The tests are weighted too much, and pretty tough as well. But otherwise she's a nice lady.
I wouldn't recommend this professor if you care about your grade. Hollist is a great man. A boring professor and a very harsh grader. Attendance is mandatory. Lectures aren't interesting. A lot of busy work. Assignments are mandatory but even if you try you'll never receive an 100 or even close. Receiving an A with Hollist is highly unlikely.
I've never read more in my life than I have this semester. His class is entirely set up as a class discussion. He always sparks interesting conversation. It was always a pleasure to be in class. He will always make time to meet with you out of class. He is always in class, and if he isn't he will assign you work to do anyways.
Awesome guy totally cool. The class is not very hard but can be confusing at times. Dr. Krause isn't the best at teaching accounting but does a decent job of it.
This class is hard and not very stimulating. In fairness to the teacher it is probably difficult to make it interesting and clear. Stick it out and the curve may bring up your grade but only take this class if you must.
A little scary at times--high standards. But a sense of humor too. Hard grader but he knows his stuff.
The pressure is definitely on in this class from the first day to the end.
He hocked a loogey in front of me, but he was surprisingly funny, in a dry, sarcastic way.
Botne is kind of terrifying. Very intelligent, but is pretty pompous. Seems to not care whether we understand or enjoy the class. He'll joke every now and then; expects us to read, participate, and learn things quickly. This was probably the hardest class I've taken (definitely in LING, maybe overall), but it was interesting and I did learn a lot.
Easy class, most people just get notes from other people, so you don't even have to attend that many classes.
This class was very challenging and the whole grade is based on 3 tests. Ick!
MOST BORING CLASS LECTURES but you have to attend because she has mandatory quizzes as well as weekly long homework assignments. Really is a nice lady and means well but she can be confusing and get off topic easily. CONSTANT studying due to the enormous amount of material you must learn especially if you are new to physics as in my case.
I had Meek for Honors Cal- loved him as a person (he's hilarious), didn't care for his teaching style. I took Calculus in high school so I managed to get an A, but if I hadn't, I might have had a difficult time :/ He is very proof intensive, and doesn't spend as much time working example problems. Quizzes are hard, tests are easy, GO TO CLASS!
If you took Calculus in high school, then his class should be a breeze. He explains everything with graphs and can be boring, but he is funny and really BA!
Dr. Meek was a great test giver in that the tests were straight forward, and based on the most basic material. However, as a teacher he was unclear and with the wrong background, you will be lost! Be prepared to teach yourself!
I took this class in person but everything was an online setup. Extremely book heavy since all the assignments came from them. An easy A as long as you did the work and turned it in. Only go in if I needed help on an assignment. If you had trouble she would always try to help. Turn in dates were very flexible.
Pretty much the nicest teacher in the world. Do your work and end the class early, it's really easy to get behind and screw yourself over by the end of the semester
She is the most easy grading teachers of all the writing teachers. She is very approachable and a nice lady. She actually cares about every one of her students and willing to help. I recommend Dr. Aley out of all the other writing professors.
Very interesting lectures, however he's a bit too intelligent for a 100 level class, so unless you really want to work hard, I wouldn't take his class. He also doesn't use the textbook for this course, but 4 boring novels.
He usually ends class early. He is kinda boring and goes off topic, but he knows what he is talking about and can get the point across. I didn't buy the books in time and had a hard time keeping up, but most of his stuff is on blackboard. Only assigns one essay and the final rest of the points come from quizzes over the readings.
For lecture- most interesting lecturer. Much easier to understand than the other two! Kind of unorganized and forgetful. He's a pretty easy grader, but kind of arrogant! Watch out for the quizzes- there are many and have random material on them!
Dr.Cochran knows his stuff. He's practically a walking encyclopedia on anything related to folklore and music. If he pushes his stuff, it is only because his writing is clear, consice, and informative. He's also quite funny.
Nice guy, can be humorous. Super boring. He is super repetitive. Spends entire lecture talking about the pictures on his slides. Difference in going to class is truly the difference in an A and a B... I got a B... GO TO Class, even if it is to play solitaire, it'll still helps! If review is offered, go!
Pretty laid back class. Quiz bowl type tests, sure beats essay exams. Just read what you're supposed to and you'll be fine.
The lectures are hard to get through, the material can be boring sometimes and Prof. Purvis has a pretty monotone voice. However, you have to take notes on the Powerpoint because he doesn't post it online. His tests require you to memorize the material, they are word-for-word from the lecture. Do the choice assignments and prepare for tests.
His lectures are really boring but he is an interesting guy for sure! You only have four assignments, a quiz, a midterm, and the final. He takes attendance every class so make sure you go. His tests are mainly all fill in the blank and short answer. So make sure to take good notes because you'll need them to study.
The lectures can sometimes be really dull but Philbin is a nice enough guy and responds to your emails in a timely fashion. He is accommodating for the most part and straightforward as a teacher. He doesn't belittle people and just wants us to make the best possible films.
His classes are not hard until you take the tests. They cover Everything in the book, even the obscure stuff he doesn't even feel is important enough to cover or even mention in class. Don't miss any classes or you won't do well. Read everything he gives you. I got a B, BTW
Dr. Brewer is great and I love her! However, her teaching style is just not the right style for me. It could've been because it was all online, but the lectures were very long, very complex, and were read through very fast. I should have done more of the practice problems and utilized my textbook more, as you have to teach yourself a lot of it.
This class sucks but she's not a bad teacher. Tests are hard but she tries to hlep you out whenever she can.
He's a cool guy but is not helpful at all! PLEASE do not listen to the people below and read the book or study guide! His tests are very identical to past tests which your SI leader will give out! Make sure you come to class for pop quizzes and go to SI and study practice tests and you should get a B!
This was a fun but very hard class. He explains the material in a real life format, but the test are from a question bank and hard. Study all the notes you take in class and go to SI.
He was a really fun guy. Some days we wouldn't even talk about ECON and other days were very fast paced. Notes didn't really help me much mostly just read the book. Gave a really nice curve at the end of the year w/o it I wouldn't have got an A. I would reccomend taking this class and getting to know Dr. Britton.
If you are not an ECON-minded person then you will sweat to make a C on his tests. Not even many many hours of studying could help me memorize the boatload of specific questions he asks. A person that loves ECON would fare much better in this class. Focus all of your attention on the tests from the outset. He is nice and will help you if you ask.
he does a wonderful job of teaching from examples, but to actually learn the concepts of the class, i taught myself from the book. very nice guy, and if you take his class, talk to him and get to know him. it pays off.
Britton is awesome!! Moves very fast, but knows what the hell he is talking about. Tests are challenging, but he gives extremely easy pop quizzes and make-up opportunities. Great econ teacher!!
This class was the hardest I've taken in college so far and I'm a 4.0 Honors student. In our case, he did a great job teaching the first two months. You have to be able to rewrite the graphs at lightning speed. After it shifted online, Stapp was not accessible . I recommend going to office hours
He knows a lot about economics and I learned a lot, but his tests are so hard. There is never enough time to finish and he is an incredibly hard grader. He also does not use PowerPoint or any technology. I enjoyed his lectures but I would recommend taking a different teacher for ECON2013 if you want a higher grade.
I think Stapp is a very good guy and definitely knows what he's talking about. I do no like his teaching ways though. He is very in your face aggressive and his tests are insanely long. Our last test was 2 graphs and analyzing them (which take about 15 min each) plus 95 multiple choice questions in one hour. I'm taking macro over the summer now.
One of my favorite professors. Class is interesting. He'll call you out though. Tests are long and can be difficult. I recommend this professor, but you'll definitely have to study to make a decent grade.
Although D. White's teaching is an acquired taste, this class was extremely beneficial. The text is on a buy-if-need basis, it wasn't used. The group work is not difficult if your group works together. Overall, the class is a pretty easy A! Definitely recommended, but not at 8 a.m.!!
Great morning class, if you can get there at 7:30. As long as you write a few rebuttals and attend for the tests, you should pass easily. Mr. Morgan is very easy going and will always help you. Attendance not required.
This class was fairly simple as everything was basically online and attendance wasn't mandatory. Lots of extra credit opportunities!
Dr. Adams is a good teacher. At the beginning of the semester I failed the first two test, because I studied the wrong material. Then I started getting A and B's, I ended up with a B for the class. He gives extra credit and they are easy. For the tests study all the vocab from the chapter and the sociological perspectives. Good luck!
Only grades are the 4 tests and pop quizzes. Do the readings and study the PowerPoints for the tests. At the end of the course the grade scale was adjusted which negatively impacted my grade from an A to an A-.
She can be a great teacher and a lot of fun if you get (and stay) on her good side by going to class, staying awake, and turning in assignments on time. She appreciates people who work hard and show interest for world dance and native cultures. On the flip-side, she'll embarass you in front of the class if you slip up. Easy assignments!
Tests are very in-depth, class is very boring.
+ Funny guy knows his stuff - screws up his stuff alot, i mean ALOT 3/4 of the class is him fixing his mistakes
She knows what she's teaching so well that it makes her come off snarky sometimes. She is very helpful and approachable for questions. Do all OWL assignments, she gives a ton of extra credit for them
She is a great prof. She cracks jokes every now and then and is very sarcastic and funny. She adjusts to all kinds of learning so sometimes she will teach with just notes and others she will provide pictures and examples. Her quizzes and tests are a little tricky, but if you study her notes sheet you should be fine.
She is kind of funny and I generally liked her. She isn't the most pleasant when asking her questions, but I don't think she was in any way horrible. She seems to work slower than the other classes which is good, and her quizzes and tests weren't particularly difficult.
Not a good professor. Drop her if you can. Her tests are very hard. She trys to trick you and fail you. Quizzes are okay but the tests are terrible. Run, Run as fast as you can!
i liked dr. stoller's intro anthro class. The first test scared me to death (he refers to himself in the questions)because I only studied for a little while. I still got a C. I also failed the next test and got a very low C on the final. I ended up with a B in the class. He gives extra credit opps as well. He's very smart.
Stoller is a very nice man. He will be very accomodating to your needs. The class is a little boring and sometimes confusing. Dont take this class thinking that its about european witchcraft. this is african witchcraft, not pagan and neopagan witchcraft. Grades pretty fair too.
i recommend the professor, but not his webcourses. the entire course is online, the only thing you have to do is read websites and answer questions based on the readings. it's impossible to get a good grade. the answers are computed via javascript checkers. i.e., if you write "3" and the answer is "three," you get a zero. FUN.
Funny guy, class was a blast. Unfortunately he told us on the first day we will probably not get better then a C in the class, i worked my ass off for a B+ so it just goes to show his tests are very random, you have to pracitcally memorize his lectures.
Ernie is one of the nicest and funniest professors I've had at NMC. His teaching can be confusing at times because he over-explains things, which is better than not explaining them enough. He's a good person and very smart. He makes stupid jokes, which makes him very charming. He's great. But you'll have a "quiz" everyday.
Lecture is boring but if you take good notes you're good to go for the exams. Take Chris Eberle as the TA, he's really good at explaining and he's realistic (he knows not everyone loves history). The book is helpful. Tests weren't hard if you went to class/discussion; it's pretty obvious what will be on there.
Ramasesh isn't a bad guy. Yes he has an accent but he is willing to work with you. Only have 3 tests so be careful, no padding for grades. He gives out take home exams which help cushion your test grades. If you can do the take home, you can do the in-class. Follow along in class and read the ppts to stay current. Curves at the end on performance.
i didn't think she was too bad...i've had better, and i've had worse
Very interesting class. Tests aren't too bad; he just wants you to really know the material. Pretty tough grader on presentations. Paul will help you, but he won't go out of his way to do so; usually pretty clear, especially on what the tests would be on.
If you want to take this class for the GWAR, DO NOT TAKE WITH HER! You will be disappointed as she is a really hard grader and expects your second effort to far surpass your first one. She is an ok teacher, but she loves to talk and seems to talk down to students, possibly without meaning to...? Beware of the grammar quizzes and reading is a must.
Clear lectures but tends to get off topic. Lots of info, make sure you can write fast! Overall good class though
Professor Ault is very kind and clear of what he expects of his students. There was a minimal amount of work he required to be turned in and graded. He does take quite some time to grade assignments but as long as you complete them he is an easy grader. The midterm and final are take homes and there is one group project.
Hes one of those teachers that grows on you. He gets off topic very easily, but he doesn't expect you to know what he didn't get a chance to cover. Sometimes its hard to understand the lectures because their so abstract, but hes a really good teacher
One of my friends at work told me that psychology online with Oberlin was very easy. It was! however, I don't believe that I learned alot in the class.
He is very knowledgeable, but also very condemning.
She is a great teacher. Very helpful. She was late handing work back but she is an awesome teacher she makes class fun and interesting.
She is a nice woman but her exams are hard. You only have a midterm and final and 2 papers. You have a few online quizzes but they are only worth 3 points. Her lectures suck and feel like they don't align with her exams.
Adolino is with a doubt the most boring and monotonous teacher I have ever had. She puts me to sleep, as soon, as she opens her mouth for lecture. However, she is very cerebral and can answer almost any question dealing with external policies of foreign nations. Her notes are vauge, and you will fail, if you do not listen.
Not that great at explaining material in class, but is helpful with one on ones. Lenient grader on tests. Tests are open book.
DO NOT take this class during the summer. Dr Jong does not take it easy on summer students. On that note, he is a very good teacher, and any engineering student who is interested in the field for anything more than a paycheck should be stoked to learn from him.
Dr. Spiegel is not the most amazing teacher when it comes to textbook biology rather what biology is really like in academia. The content lectured in class is very confusing. The tests are hard and based off of confusing scenarios and if you get assigned a bad lab group you are SOL. Good luck future bio majors !
Course starts very slowly. Tests are not difficult (assuming you go to class and study/do practice problems), but some questions are tricky. The most complex material will be mostly review if you take Cell Bio first. Didn't feel like I learned a whole lot, and didn't like his teaching style, but at least an 85% was an A.
Professor Grammy is a hard grader. The Midterm and Final are each worth 1/3 of total grade. Be prepared for fast PowerPoint slides and homework almost every week. However, he is very nice when it comes to his grading system and helping you understanding the material.
Dr. Sailers knows her stuff. She is eager to share her knowledge and model great teaching methods.
You never know what to expect before class, but not in a good way. She gets kind of boring and snappy sometimes.
She really challenges students to think critically and develops students professionally. She has an old-school paternalistic way of caring which a lot of people do not understand. She always looks for the student's best interest. She is a little vague in delivering what she wants from her assignments but clarification could be gotten from her.
Great professor. He really knows what he's talking about. Class is really interesting. Grades are papers - they require a good amount of research and thought, but they're not impossible. He also takes attendance. I learned a lot and lectures were interesting.
no doubt hes a funny man but the class is ridiculously hard. his exams are impossible and although he curves it is still impossible to get a decent grade in the class. i dont understand why he doesnt make a test that students can pass. he seems to enjoy failing his students. i wouldnt recommend him although he is funny and has a good personality.
That class was so freakin easy. I never went to class except on test days and received a B and was 2/10 of a point from having an A. His tests are super easy if you do it right. He lets you have a sheet of notes for the test. Write down the stuff from the practice test and how to work the problems on your sheet & you'll be fine.
Great fun. Very wry sense of humor. He's kind of like the cool/crazy grandpa I wish I had.
great class, fascinating topics, hard to understand concepts at times, needs a little spice in the class
His teaching style needs getting used to. It took me half a semester to be able to focus while he speaks. STAY FOR THE MOVIE SCREENINGS. Not watching the movies will f you over... The papers aren't graded that harshly you just need to do a lot of research. GO TO REVIEW SESSIONS they tell you which readings to focus on.
Casper is considered a genius so his lectures are interesting. However, for the most part his lectures are too long and most people are trying to stay awake. He considers his lectures "performances", and is pretty arrogant and flamboyant. Take the class, just pray you get a good TA because they are the ones who help you pass and do all the grading
Engaging, entertaining, and a master of his craft. Casper could be intimidating, but as long as the student had a valid argument for the given answer, then he would accept it. The class was my favorite of the semester without question. Amazing class, but he can be a bit much, especially if hes asking you the question.
overly dramtic and very annoying. it will be difficult for you if you are not a cinema major. take good notes during lectures and dont procrastinate on the 2 dreadful papers you have to write during the semester. having a helpful ta helps a lot!
How do I begin to describe Drew Casper? He's a character, to say the least. You should really experience him and his lecture style for yourself. Take 190, even if you're not a film kid. You won't regret it.
Scorsese course, most of the midterm was from book rather than lecture, 2 papers and midterm and final. Great lectures and screenings. No discussion class. Not too hard if you read and go to class. Casper is enjoyable as always
Casper is quite a character. You'll either love him or hate him. His tests are brutal, because the material is so extensive and the tests can cover pretty much any arbitrary thing he brought up in class. Pay very close attention, and always go to lecture! He is very funny, and he loves to make fun of students. Don't take him too seriously.
Outstanding teacher, but his classes are not easy.
The class was more so a debate class but his method of his madness helps people understand what sociology is. Exams are hard but you have to take good notes and by him being funny and clear you can understand his mid-term and final. I can see why people don't like him but if your active in participation then TAKE HIM!!!
Both classes we conducted similar (with different dance styles) He's a good teacher however I personally didn't like him. He made me feel as if I couldn't dance or do anything. this class is tough he doesn't like the people who think it's an easy A...so work hard...AND DO THE JOURNALS.
Giving her an average because I expect a college course to be challenging. She probably made it more difficult than it should have been. If you dont repeat everything word from word from her lectures on the exam, you get marked down. I was able to pass this class because she ended up leaving at the end of the semester.
She has horrible handwriting but she knows it and is willing to repeat it. She's nice but makes awkward jokes and points out random people and can make you feel weird. She claims your grade is based off a variety of things but it's really only based on the 3 tests which are fine as long as you read and take good notes
Take it SWS! You write three papers total (including final) and attendance is not mandatory but makes up about 15% of your grade. Her handwriting is TERRIBLE but she is a good prof who is willing to help as much as possible. She has a slight accent but it is still easy to understand. She sometimes makes fun of students...but still worth taking.
She is very nice but the class is SO boring. It was easy though cuz there was no homework just a couple of easy tests. I actually got a B when I read the book and an A when I didn't. Just read her summaries...oh she hates people who skips and it will affect your grade.
Bad handwriting, talks fast, very fun and energetic, loves to teach. Very helpful if you ask for it. Talk to her before a test, she will help you understand what you need to know. Test can be hard and the lecture can get boring but go to class because she takes attendance. It is a good class but I suggest taking it as a credit/no credit class.
Dr. Alali is a great professor. He makes sure that everyone is able to understand his lectures, and with the help of his PowerPoint slides for notes it was hard to fail. There are a couple of papers, and just a couple of tests. Attend class, take notes, and you will be fine.
HE'S A PRETTY DECENT TEACHER! THE NOTES ARE A LIFE SAVER & A MUST TO PASS THE CLASS! THE TEXTBOOK IS REQUIRED, BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO LIVE BY IT BECAUSE THE NOTES WILL GET YOU THROUGH THE CLASS. ATTENDANCE IS IMPORTANT. ONE MISSED CLASS WITHOUT THE NOTES AND YOU MAY GET A COUPLE QUESTIONS WRONG ON THE QUIZ.
THis class was the easiest thing ever, but I don't really know what purpose it served. I already knew I wanted to be a Comm Major, and I already had met with an advisor and come up with a plan of study...so this class didn't do that much for me...
Tough teacher but if you can stick your ego to the side and also ask questions he's actually not hard
He is very knowledgeable about his subject matter, but is barely civil with his students.
Took this class as telecourse. Only had to go in for 3 test. She is difficult to understand at times, so this or online is definitely the way to go. Study guides are VERY general and really don't prepare you for what may or may not be on the test. If you need help though, she will meet with you which helps a lot! Basically a self taught class.
Her i-know-everything about culture attitude is annoying, but if you can deal with it this class isn't that hard. Always claim to have read the chapter though, she'll come down hard on those who don't pretend to be interested.
good teacher, but diffucult if you dont try. i did well on reasonably little study and paying attn in class.
Very friendly,but does not tolerate immaturity or disrespect.If you pay attention to her lectures and go to class every time,it is a fairly easy course.Not much reading required, most the test questions come from the notes.If you don't like to talk in class, sit in the back and she won't call on you
This class is very difficult and requires hours of studying. Teacher was funny and interesting ti listen to, but very strict and specific when it came to tests and homework. True or false tests only. Good thing about class is you learn a lot because you have to study.
weird class, but very enjoyable.. need to come to class to understand the readings, not an easy class at all, but if everyone does bad then he curves, very enjoyable subjects, very nice guy, knows a lot, weird grading, loved the class, not for slackers
Very precise on what he wants from you. A good teacher for a good class.
He is a very nice professor. I am a nerd, so this stuff was easy for me. I skipped at least half of the classes and got an A. You do need the book for homework. The midterm and final are hard. The first couple computer tests are easy but the excel and access tests you will probably need to study for. I would definitely take him again!
easy class. boring as ****. good choice as theme course.
I always felt really uncomfortable in David's class. I felt like he was always coming on to me and hitting on me in roundabout ways. The class wasn't too difficult, but I just couldn't get over the fact that he always seemed to pay special attention to all the girls in the class.
IF you study on your own each day and make note cards for the tests, it isnt that bad. The tests are difficult but they are doable, you just need to put work into it. The quizes every day are annoying because you never get a break,but she does give you extra points at the end of the semester!
I had her for 107 so I know her style...points really help at the end of semester, she's really helpful, tests will get you but there are plenty of other things to balance it out. If you've taken her for 107, take her for 108, it becomes much easier and she's familiar with you (always helps!)
Bring your lunch pail to class bc ur gonna have to study hella to do well. Class is him going over 1-3 problems he hands out - these handouts are the best study materials you will get so go to class. Cop chegg for the hw too bc ur gonna wanna study those as well. If u understand those, the handouts, and read the chapters 1 time, ur straight.
Gabbin is going to make you work for your grade. He tells you up front that he tests from the book and that you are responsible for everything in those chapters. He does care about his students but his tests are very hard to make sure that you really know the material. I guess if you're an accounting major his class may help you in the future.
great teacher, very hard to get a B. Has to be your number 1 priority class and maybe you will get an A, overall dont freak out about him. you definitley wont fail but take someone else haha
TAKE him if your good at teaching yourself. and live by the textbook. He does NOT call on people ever, there is NO project, and he cancels most friday classes. no attendance policy, and he always emails the answers to the hw BEFORE class. just read the book and know how to do the problems. hes been making the harder questions extra credit
he's a cool teacher, he just didn't explain what he expected in the portfolio
Although Dr. Gabbin's class is very hard, you learn a lot about accounting.
Very nice guy, clear class lectures, however, tough grader. Must read all assignments, tough midterm and final
She's very sweet, I don't think it's fair to call her crazy.
Don't let the first day of class trick you. At first you think this will be an easy/reasonable class, however the exams are VERY TRICKY and tend to have various correct answers. She expects you to know alot of prior information which most people dont, but overall she is a very nice and knowlegable lady.
Kind of an odd fellow...tends to be boring, but class is kind of interesting when you get to write...has a lot of experience in the field, but doesn't always know how to express it...fairly good-humored, but expects a certain level of behavior.
Sabol is a fantastic professor and an all around great guy, however if lectures aren't your thing this class won't be too great. 3 major papers are the brunt of the work of the class along with short quizzes and analyses of articles and readings from the books. If you're not a history major I would not recommend this class.
The class is very difficult and she expects you know every single detail. Lectures are very fast paced and I just ended up having to re-teach myself everything.
Ms Siu isa very helpful professor and is always open to questions and clarifications. This is a great class to take if you are looking for a class that inspires understanding.
Overall she is a good professor, the only thing is that it her tests seem very hard even if you study. You think you got an A but when you see your grade it's way lower than you expected.
I took a 3-hour (summer) evening class. I came into the class later than the rest because of severe problems with a foreign language class. His tests are difficult, but he is fascinating. Really listen in class-to his experiences and lectures. Also, participate! We had to write a term paper near the end which was helpful to my grade! A for Dr.S!!
Do not take this class...I'm warning you! It's so boring and really really hard!
His lectures can be very boring, but at the same time they can be very fun. Pearson is very animated and goofy at times. You can tell he has a passion for what he teaches.
Professor Dacosta was very nice! If your taking this for just a gen ed I would highly recommend her. She tells you what's going to be on the tests so you know what to study. There is one paper you have to write but it is only 1 12 pages long. Overall easy A.
Diane is a very understanding woman who will bend over backwards for her students, as long as they are sincere. She does word things funny on tests, so beware
this teacher makes me doubt the integrity of my degree. joke of a class, easiest A's ever. goes of on meaningless tangents about his personal experiences in public organizations. its embarrasing to see how so many people walk out on his classes. if you want to raise your GPA, take Wilkins.
Have you taken AP Stats? Congrats, you will have an A in this class and never once need to attend. If not, try and pay attention to his lectures and take relatively careful notes and you'll be just fine. Very sweet guy and a very straightforward course.
Do not take this professor. Does not explain the material well. Rambles constantly. Tests are extremely diffucult, and there is never enough time allowed to take them.
very nice. tests are extremely hard. have to be in class to really understand the material. its not a class you should miss.. so be there.
VERY NICE GUY
honestly, she expects way too much from her students for just being a basic class. She is by far the hardest teacher i have ever had and it is not fun for all of us non history majors. She is pretty strict on your essays. I would suggest NOT taking her ever.
Tough grader. While her tough grading is not a problem the fact that she does not explain what she wants in an assignment is. Says that she grades undergrads like they are in graduate school. Do not take this class if you are looking for a reasonable teacher or human being.
She is very hard and is known as the grammer nazi . avoid her if you can
I'm taking this prof for the Fall 09 Quarter. Beware! She seems air headed, and will steer away from the lecture at times, but she has a severe grading system for essays. Watch out! When it comes to essay composition, she's a technical Harvard prof. Write as if you're writing for a textbook and you'll be fine!
Entertaining for about an hour and half, after that the class tends to drag. His lectures are interesting, if you can keep your attention. I liked him, and learned a lot. But you should have an interest in the subject or you'll get bored.
All the assignments are online through mypoliscilab. It is easy, just learn to use all the tools available to you.He encourages attendance and gives extra credit opportunities to those who show up, also surprise assignments are given, and if you did not show up to class it is likely you will not be aware of it. He is very approachable.
This was the first class that I took with Professor Pratt. However, even though I did not agree with everything that she taught, and she had opinionated ideas at times, she was a good professor. I learned a lot from her and my writing improved drastically. I would recommend her to anyone that is up to a challenge.
Dr.Jong is a pretty decent guy. It takes a while to get used to his style but once you get it.....it'll be an easy A. Yeah he's REALLY picky when it comes to grading. But hey, 95% of the time you'll know what'll be on the test. Just KNOW how to do all the sample tests and you'll be fine.
i learned a whole lot from this teacher.. he is very predictable and keeps my attention the whole class...its hard dont **** everyone go to the buiness college
Flachmann's a great coordinator for the Honors Program. This class, which is required for the Honors program, is extremely easy. Don't worry about it.
He has a way of lecturing that is very unclear and you basically have to teach yourself. Clicker quizzes during class so attendance is important. There are quizzes through the textbook site due every week (about 100 questions each, but they aren't hard- can do in class ). Tests are hard to study for, but easy. He's nice, but doesn't teach well.
Gives alot of hw and quizes but for his finals and midterms not that bad. Just do the homework well as he is very picky and will take off points even if you are off by 1
This was one of the more difficult classes I've had. For some reason learning the economic concepts was rough for me but the professor really tries his best to help you. He's easy to talk to and he lets you out of class early!
Come on! he isn't THAT bad. Yes, he has a pretty bland personality and yes, ACCT 221 is tough. However, he is not some total jerk as everyone says he is and he gladly clarifies anything you are having trouble with.
He knows what he is doing, he seems to be smart; however, he doesn't have any idea what friendly environment during classes mean. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend him ever. His final exam is a nightmare.
Grades tests very hard. If you question him about a bad grade on the test he just says that's how he grades. I never missed a class, went to tutoring, and met with him after class and he still gave me an F. I tried my hardest and he didn't take that into consideration.
Dr. Gea was a funny guy. Professors are not going to make much of a difference in UP1 an UP2, make sure you get a good TA. David is a good choice for TA, very condescending though. Do your homework in the Physics library and ask lots of questions and you will get an A in this course.
This course will probably be tough to get an A if you didn't take a physics in high school, but the grades are curved so that an 85 is an A and a 70 is a B. If you fail the tests, you'll have a hard time passing; however, most of the questions are very similar to the open response homework so study those back and forth and you should be fine.
DO THE HOMEWORK. Come to class, you get a point for taking the clicker quiz and a point if you get the quiz right. Skim the reading at least. DO THE HOMEWORK. Show up to labs, if you miss four you fail the whole class.
Great teacher, that is only if you are an attractive female, guys beware, don't waste your time asking this one for help
Nice guy, has a whole lot of math info inside his head, but often had difficulty expressing it in words. Like the others have said, he's a fair grader.
Class was definatly challenging and sometimes you had no idea what he was talking about. But if you choose to take astronomgy, take it with him.
His lectures are either very entertaining, or excruciatingly long. He teaches as if it's a show - we clap at the end of lecture. The course is more work than expected, not an easy A GE. Was told if you attend lecture and watch the movies you'll be fine, but it's more than work than that. Overall ok, but wouldn't recommend taking unless u like film
Taking a Casper class is something that every film student must experience. His lectures are entertaining but he is strict. He wants everyone to do their best and he expects you to work hard for your grade. However, the TA makes this class bearable or not. Make sure you get a helpful TA otherwise switch out. This CAN change your experience.
Definitely an interesting class. Casper is extremely passionate and clearly is the leading expert in the subject. Sometimes he goes off on tangents though and it can be hard to determine what will be on the midterm or final and what won't. Seems like the TAs don't have a great idea either sometimes. If you love film, you'll thrive regardless.
He is a great Professor, slightly extreme at times. Depending on the genre of films you get for the semester will really determine if the class will be difficult. Either way it is always entertaining.
Entertaining and informative but do NOT take this class if you aren't a cinema major. I know several people who dropped the class.. Many of the TAs are unfair, and as someone else posted, snobs.
He's a popular and successful professor that teaches several courses with a lecture hall full of students at a large university. There's never a dull moment. The Critical Studies major is kind of useless and un-practical. Take a couple courses and move on with YOUR OWN LIFE, not his. If you like movies, watch them at home. The TAs are snobs.
As you can see by all the comments, Casper inspires people to love or hate him. I personally think he tries to cover too much material in the class which makes his exams brutal. His lectures are entertaining and very funny...as long as you're not the student being made fun of.
Listen, if you want and easy class in film this is not the guy for you. Yes, he does dramatize the entire course but it make you remember him. It is a film class after all and not calculus. He is strong in his positions whether you agree with them or not
no doubt the teacher knows his stuff, but he has trouble getting it accross at times. his explanations are not always that helpful. he also expects entire 8min orchestra pieces to be ID'd, dated and author's name given. I would recommend taking a music 100 course before setting foot in there (even though the class isn't supposed to need it).
He does know his stuff, however, the class is all about memorization and impressing him on reports. for all those students taking the class, good luck on staying awake.
Not gonna lie, he is very funny but got off topic a lot. Some days, I don't think we even learned anything about the topic of sociology. There was little to no work until the end of the semester where there was a 20 page assignment. There wasn't a single grade posted until we got a final grade at the end. I'm pretty sure he just gives everyone a B.
I took him twice the fist time around I messed up and didnt do my work, but I took him again because his class was fun the first time. He is easy going for the most part, just take notes in class and try to follow along you wil be fine. Good teacher and interesting to talk to as well he is blunt and to the point does not hld back :) good class
This man is hilarious! His lectures are sometimes boring, but he tries the best he can to make them a little more interesting. Midterm...TAKE HOME....Final- not too bad if you studied. Overall good guy
She's nice and the class is fun. She is from Portugal, so she has an accent, but I is easy to understand. She has VERY bad handwriting, but covers the topics thoroughly enough that you can get it all down in your notes by listening. She gives you a set of questions in advance and then there's three of them on the actual exam.She wants thoroughness
Very nice lady,extremely passionate about what she teaches,tries a little too hard sometimes.It is difficult to get kids excited at 8 in the morning. She really knows her stuff,but has favorites. If you miss even 2 classes, expect to lose pts. and for her to tell people infront of the entire class.
Exams start at a certain time. Ten minutes after the exam start time if you have not already signed into the exam, you will be automatically locked out of the exam. Exams are 60 minutes long, if you exceed 60 minutes the professor deducts 5 points for each additional minute over 60 minutes. Very tough grader. I would not recommend this class.
Roger Malcolm is entertaining. His lectures are fun. He is rude, but who cares. Grow up. The only reason NOT to take this teacher is that your grade will be 10 pts lower than if you took any other teacher of this class, so it doesn't make sense to take him.
Had him for 101 as well so I was used to his odd quizzes. You need to read at least a bit to do well. This guy can be condescending, but you really learn a lot. Soc 310 itself is an interesting subject. Def. rec. for anyone in SOC or thinking about a SOC major.
Interesting class, easy to get an A. attendance mandatory, daily quizzes, curves everything, lots of extra credit oppertunities. Yes he is disrespectful and has an odd teaching style but I would still reccomend him for this class.
Despite the bad rap he gets and the scary syllabus I really enjoyed this class. You really have to go and the papers are frustrating. The grading scale is weird but really works to your advantage. I am a C student who pulled off an A- in this class.
Does not explain things well in class sometimes, but tests are assignments are easy regardless. I had a very hard time trying to meet with him during office hours. He was never there when he said he'd be. Show up and do the work, and this class is an easy A.
every test is made up of questions from the CD that came with the book. The questions are the end of chapter quizzes. I hate science and do bad in science clases but i got an A because of that. He is very lazy and does not tell you to study the CD because the questions are verbatum from CD. Easy A, so take him
cool guy. study the cd rom stuff and the book and you'll do ok. his notes are spacey but hes ok.
He seems knowledgeble about subject. class was boring. i hate this subject. the reading material was a waste of time and money. do NOT call that crapy reading art!!!
If you aren't willing to work/learn, this isnt the class for you.He is a genius!
TAKE THIS TEACHER! You only have 2 papers, one is a group paper which is so easy. It's hard not to get an A in this class. She does take attendance so you must go and class is super boring but she cancels or let you out early all the time. She does not answer email but she is the easiest A in E110 you will find and a nice lady.
Very good teacher! Very nice guy! He is willing to help you with anything! He tries his hardest to remember everyones name. Tests are semi-hard, pay attention and study. Lectures are based on a question/answer basis.
Worst grade I've ever received in school. Her tests were extremely hard and the final was insanely hard. She's a nicer version of Ford, but it's mainly just the work that's really hard.
Gabbin is high up in the Accounting department, and thus is very challenging. This course is a flipped classroom with pop quizzes, so you must come prepared having read the chapter(s) and done practice problems. Be prepared to participate in class. Tests are not that bad, but you must prepare. Final exam is departmental. Don't rely on bonus points.
She is a great professor, if you get in over your head she is there to help pull you out. Just ask her for help because she is always willing to guide her students.
Phonetics is a tough course, especially when done virtually. Dr. Getty did a decent job at teaching this class, but I feel that sometimes when students asked questions she would become annoyed. She is very specific when grading transcriptions, so be sure to follow the exact criteria she gives.
The material in this class is interesting and she finds different ways to teach it. However, tests are tricky and she doesn't like to curve. It didn't matter how much I studied, I always felt like I did the same. Info on the study guides isn't always the info on the test. She comes off very nice but can be somewhat rude.
Took his HIST2600: Origins of WWI. Tough grader, expects a lot for this course. Would not take him again. He knows the subject well and is willing to help. Am a history major and needed this class. This is the hardest history class I've taken by far.
Professor Rikkers is a very good professor. She explains the material from a standpoint of a lawyer, which is really helpful to have someone who actually has used the stuff before. With a little bit of memorization, 4 Tests, a paper, and Final will fly by. Highly recommend Rikkers or Professor Kessler if she is teaching Bus201 your semester!
Fun w/good stories. Is a bit strange, but makes class fun. Exams can be hard.
hes so nice, will help you out....class is boring, lab sucks really bad
Not an easy class, exams cover much less material than class. Short answer/essay format, need to study in advance to do well. His goal is prep. for MCAT - possibly not a helpful class for non-med school routes. Lectures clearly, just a plethora of information. Grading is clear, although he may curve final some depending on the class distribution.
senior bio major. premed: record all lectures, memorize every word and concept word-for-word AS HE SAID it(very important). Tests are extremely difficult. hardest class taken through my career. don't attempt to take in conjunction with a heavy course load. To prepare for an exam: study =>5hrs/day for at LEAST 1 week. very difficult class.
dr. duggins is awesome! you just need to make sure to take detailed notes and memorize EVERYTHING. whatever you do, just dont miss class.
Very detailed. Study groups and flash cards help for his tests. Go to classssss.
We did (lots) more work than the other 101 English classes did, and got worse grades (more homework and papers). My writing did improve, but my GPA was not helped in the least bit. Class lectures mostly dull, and not helpful. However, you can re-do any paper, which was nice, and could meet with her at anytime.
i dont know what all you people are thinking, she's got to be the worst prof ever. I couldn't stay awake in class, and no matter how hard you work she always gives you a crappy grade. "A" work gets a "C", "C" work gets an"F", stay away from her
Overall good teacher, but tests are somewhat difficult. Quizzes are easy and help grade. Very very picky about lab write ups but some labs are fun (others torturous) and include a field trip. Lab grade should help class grade. Class can get boring but he makes corny jokes which ease the mood.
Easier upper lvl science classes. 2 Exams + Cum. Final, 3 Quizes. (drop lowest) Tests are basically the same each year GET OLD TESTS! One of the more time demanding labs, but not hard. Final project is a little tricky but he grades easily. Lecture is really boring but you can skip it pretty often w/o hurting your grade or understanding.
she's a great lady, very approachable and engaged. her class is manageable but intellectually challenging. the great thing is that she prints up a book of all the notes for the class and we just follow along each day. the only problem with that is that she's dislexic so there are spelling mistakes everywhere and they sometimes don't make sense.
Dr. Stolba is extremely passionate about anthropology and has worked in 33 countries; teaching for 25. If you read the text and make sure to have quality outlines the day of the test, you cant go wrong. I loved her class!
Stolba loved talking about herself. Class was boring and she could be rude. She requires 2 pages typed single-spaced outlines of every article when some of them are only 3 pages in the first place. She wrote them so she thinks they're fabulous, but they are outdated, poorly written and have typos. DON'T TAKE HER! (this from an "A" student)
Stolba was a very interesting lady; I wouldnt call her a great teacher though. She was mostly concerned about talking about herself and what she has done with her life than teaching the students the information for the tests.
This guy is an arrogant ****. He claims he has never lost money in a business deal. He either has only done 1 or 2 deals or thinks way to highly of himself.
Though my rating may not show it, I LOVE THIS MAN. His class is amazing and he is just such a cool guy! He opens new doors in your mind and he is just awesome.
Had Todd for Intercultural Communication. The content of the class was over simplified and not at all provocative (curious given the issues that arise from intercultural miscommunication). I got the impression he had memorized lectures (and jokes) verbatim and was too burnt out to pursue meaningful class discussions.
I really liked the subject matter, but I have mixed feelings about Prof. Vanden Berg. Nearly everything that comes out of his mouth is a pointed, political statement, as if he really, really wants us to know that he's "cool and liberal" like us. Also, we have weekly quizzes, just to warn you.
Very boring. Test are hard and the exam is impossible.
I had him for lab. He explains everything a lot, sometimes to the point of frustration. Only three formal lab reports. Odd voice, but nothing aweful. He just accents certain parts of words.
he has a monotone voice its very annoying. also sit close to him as he explains what to do in the labs because he is hard to here in the back of the room.
Dr. Bond is very straitforward with his directions, and the TA was helpful. He wears the same outfit everyday, and has a hard time talking to students though.
Very strange person. Please get a hair cut and a new pair of boots! Other than that he's not too bad of a prof. Gives plenty of second chances to get the grade you want.
Its kinda hard to rate this professor seeing as though he doesn't really teach. The assistants help but he rarely interacts with the class himself except to tell you what is due, other than that its pretty much a teach yourself course so the professor doesn't really matter, because its mostly online and done through myitlab
Professor Vander Broek was the best linguistics professor I could have asked for. The subject is tough, but Vander Broek explains things very clearly. I would recommend her to anyone who needs to take ENG 261!
TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. I tried out almost every professor that teaches this course because so many people scared me about how hard it was. It is a difficult class but only because it is all brand new information. She is definitely the best choice. 4 exams and 2 papers. Tip: Study hard for that first exam. They get better throughout the semester
good teacher, difficult, knows too much and often rattles on
Good professor, knows his stuff. Likes to keep things funny, lots of jokes! Only grades on 3 test and 1 paper. Graded the paper pretty hardcore.
Reading isn't necessary if you pay attention to the lectures. For the "Who Freed The Slaves" papers, try to find students who took the class already to get the CD from, that'll save you $15.
This guy is wierd. Like, the info he presents is very interesting, but the way he talks definately kills the interesting part of the lecture. Same routine NON stop. Tries to crack jokes, but ends up laughing at himself. You know hes in a good mood when he has his Diet Pepsi can.
Attend the SI sessions they help out a ton. Class is boring
Seems more interested in research & application of child development & psychology than the textbook material. Classtime was used to talk about research & how it affects development, schooling etc. 4 exams based on class notes 1 observation paper. Easy class if you attend & take good notes, but may be dissatisfied with material-not bad though.
He does a good job, although sometimes he just doesn't explain stuff in the most detail.
The class was built around discussion and critical thinking, not testing. Grading was very generous.
nice guy, book didn't relate well to lectures, likes 2 laugh but is boring
SUPER hard- I'm a straight A student and I nearly failed every reading quiz, even though I studied hard. All lecture. DON'T BE LATE. SUPER opinionated - he judges/trashes Reformed theology, chapels/LOFT, pastor Mary, and any church that's not his ideal style (uber-traditional and robotic). Take him if you like challenges and feeling inferior.
Professor Warners is very into plants. Lots of hands on activities in class that make it fun and interesting. A little difficult on grading tests and if you try to argue with him don't think your gonna win. Overall one of my favorite profs here at Calvin and I recommend him to anyone
spends way too much time on meaningless stuff
Disorganized, confused lady. Tests don't mesh exactly with lectures. She wasn't so bad paired up with Griffiths, but I'd be wary of taking a course she teaches alone.
In retrospect, I probably too hardly judged her. However, she's not my favorite teacher and this was from my favorite class. In terms of helpfulness, though, I found her to be very kind. She tried to make material relevent, which was always appreciated. Just not an enjoyable subject though.
wow...i'm surprised ppl think this class is hard...yea the teacher is kind of annoying about turning in projects on time- but the tests were actually super easy-mostly common sense-i went to about 3 classes the whole yr- looked at the bolded word definitions in the book- and managed a C w/o doing any of the projects
Really cool person, tough grader, never really know what she wants, but always looked forward to her class.
I didn't like this teacher because all he talked about was his cop experiences from the street. The only time he really talked about the educational material was the day before a test.
I took his perception class for fun as an elective and strongly regretted it. The whole class was focused on making sure we got definitions into our notes so we could regurgitate them on the tests. Dont take it for fun unless you love memorizing or you need a class that you can pass without ever using your brain
Great person, loved to talk to students. I went in with high expectations of his teaching because everyone told me Elzinga was God. His reputation is a little overrated. Didn't usually understand the concept fully in his lectures, so do background reading too and actively attend discussion sections, you should be fine! Test questions from guide.
Classes are not that bad, the topic is really interesting and the midterms are extremely easy. The final is really really hard, is worth 50% of your grade, and is nothing like the midterms. Make sure your TA knows how to speak English fluently! I got really disappointed of this class and professor Elzinga after the final.
Elzinga is the most overrated professor I had at UVA. He's not an engaging lecturer. You can tell he uses stock jokes every semester. On a personal level, I lost respect for him after juxtaposing his frequent proselytizing with his career defending Wal-Mart, Du Pont and other corporations that defile the environment and consistantly violate human rights. Regardless of his Christian and Corporate Right values, I think he was only an average professor.
I think his lectures are nice, he makes them fun, still I also dont know what the hype is about.His tests are difficult!
Nice guy and good lecturer. Test questions are sometimes ambiguous.
pretty good lecturer, tests are tricky and a bit unfair
Great class! You should read before coming to class but only take notes from the class lecture. Everything on the test will be given in the lecture (he even cites which date on his test answer keys). There are five exams, he takes the top 4. Half the class gets C or below. Easy course to comprehend, hard to do well in because of grade distribution.
Good lecturer - funny, engaging. Kept me awake. Interesting material. Tests were SUPER HARD though - must know every single obscure detail in the reading - even things never gone over in class. TA was incompetent and basically unhelpful. Take ONLY if you can commit yourself to lots of intense reading.
class is extremely interesting. attend lecture. dry sense of humor...funny and a good prof
i had a bad experience with her in the newspaper workshop. you basically have to do EVERYTHING yourself bc she doesnt keep track and forgets your name and is REALLY hard to get ahold of... doesnt return phone calls/emails
a nice lady. really easy to work with. rewards ingenuity.
To succeed, you need to: 1. Attend every lecture and take detailed notes on every single topic discussed. Almost every topic covered has an exam question. 2. Read every chapter (13 of them) and take detailed notes. Some topics on exams are only covered in the book. 3. Be ready to study 5-10 hours for each exam, actually learn the material.
They guy is definately out there, but give him a chance. Go talk to him in office hours, you will take on an entirely new perspective on his teachings. Also, do not miss the trip to his home. It is amazing, this also give you an entirely new outlook on him.
i really loved this class once i realized that the assignments are more like guidelines... you can really do whatever you want, provided your TAs appreciate creativity. at first i thought the lectures were awful, but i grew to appreciate them once i started paying attention and sketching during them
I took him for both world civ 1 and 2 and it was really easy. All i did was 6 projects, got 65 on every test and got an A in the classs. oh yeah and i only went to class about once a week. Very flexiable on due dates, i never turned things in on time!
Dillery is a great lecturer, really enthusiastic. the readings may be long sometimes, but as you get used to greek literature more the readings get more interesting. great class, really recommend it
Very enthusiasic professor but assigned much much much more reading than I expected for a 200-level class; the tests tend to have rather obscure characters so it's not even an option to surface-read the assignments, it's an exhausting course.
Dillery enjoys a zeal for classics, which is greatly appreciated on my part. However, he seems to specialize more in Greek than Latin, making his translation discussions somewhat convoluted. He assigns above average amounts of reading for a 300-level class, which can lead to difficulty on exams.
This class was surprisingly enjoyable. Only 3 take home tests, 2 in class presentations but the class requires several novels. Must read novels for the take home essays. Budani knows her stuff, overall pretty interesting
Very interesting. straightforward.
Coffey is the coolest prof ever! he has a special place in my heart. Although I should have tested out in math 110, I didn't but this class was entertaining and I usually wouldn't go on Tuesdays because it was just lecture. I go on Thursdays, turn my stuff in and leave. Easiest class ever, definitely worth the money.
He wants 6 hours of hw a week. If he doesn't have that much to assign, he uses "choice workshops" in which we decide what to learn. Sound great? here's the catch: he insists that we learn to engage ourselves. He hardly teaches the subject. The only "learning" is from the highly-opinionated book.
If you are not sure about your major, go ahead and take chem103 and 104 instead of chem111 112. Believe me it will make your life easier. Burmeister is a nice man, however, not a super helpful professor. His hand writing is beautiful, but gave me hard time to focus. His exams are tricky, the average is around 60 for every single exams.
Practice exams very very helpful and loves riding his bike to class. Sweet guy.
Do The Readings. in class we debate ideas, but tests are on info in the book!
She did give really good feedback, however I still felt that the class was mostly consumed with unrelated assignments when we could have been focusing on revising our papers.
Tends to give useless work,but is flexible with students' ideas.GO TO CLASS!!
Carmen has a sweet personality, and she was enjoyable to be around in class. I did find though,that there was an extremely large amount of online homework, sometimes over 60 activities in two weeks. All that's done in class are textbook activities that barely help for the test, and nothing is taught, so the tests become harder than they should be.
The most boring prof you will ever find, teaches straight out of the book, can't understand any questions asked by students and always manages to make you feel like your IQ just dropped 20 points by sitting through her class.
kingston is a little too full of himself. easy class though. lectures are well prepared and interesting, light homework load, discussions were usually fun.
he thinks that everyone is so interested in the subject, but as a freshman i was only taking the class to fulfill a goal. BORING! and somewhat difficult. tons of notes and useless powerpoints. i ended up withdrawing...hes a nice guy regardless, just hated the class
Excellent! I thoroughly enjoyed his lectures. Brilliant
The classes were fairly interesting and the homework was reasonable. I spent about as much time on dynamics as I did on mechanics (around 7 hours of homework/studying a week per class). He didn't like to answer questions in class and didn't have set office hours. I think large classes scare him; smaller the class, the better the lecture.
Difficult subject. Get to know this professor and he'll be more inclined to help you out in the long run.
Reed will force-feed you more circuits in a semester than you can imagine. His lectures are helpful and I'd recommend not missing any. If anything, his bizarre personality will make lecture interesting. I think that he likes to be remembered. Bad book!
Homeworks are extremely hard and don't even bother buying the textbook
Probably very smart lady,lectures are worthless though,it's here first year here
Hard grader on papers...he had given the whole class 100%'s going into the final...we had a group paper and a final exam paper...many of us ended up with B's and no reason why. he did not specifiy well what it took to get an A...did not have many requirements at all for the papes, then graded hard
Gets harder as you go along and expects you to read alot and learn concepts on your own even though the book is practically jibberish. Still though, nice and usually helpful when asked questions.
he believes that he is the one and only......
just don't take golden age of tv for your honors clq! its an awful course, pain in the butt, and web-ct based.. yuck!
hard class, great guy=worthwhile...get to know him
she set up the class really well and gave us clear instructions on what needed to be done. The only bad thing about taking her is that she only gives one opportunity for extra credit and her quizzes as well final exam she does not give you enough time to be able to read the question throughly so really need to be on your guessing game
lots of work but it is easy, dont need to buy the books, cuple of group projects do something creative for presenting and she will love it. she grades easy and accepts late work. exams are long all of short answers/essays either know it or not.
Attendance is not mandatory for main lectures and she typically posts the notes, but going to class does help more with your understanding. There is a discussion section once a week. You are usually assigned homework each week to go along with the discussion section.
Prof. Mohun is very helpful if you approach her. She can be very vague in her descriptions of what she expects from you so don't be afraid to ask for clarification. Really cares about making you a better writer and researcher.
VERY hard grader. boring lectures. essay instructions were too vague, so she screwed every1 in the end. tests were all i.d's & essays. screwed us on that too. class was a waste of time..high school taught it better
I had this class in hybrid format with her as one professor and then a different in person professor. If I could have had just 1, i'd prefer that. Her slides were different than the assignments and homework which was through the textbook online. I'm sure it's different though if you had her only and in person or online. It's a weighted course grade
Pretty easy class...classes can be a little challenging but if the whole class does bad she tends to curve it
As a senior taking LIB 100, I would not reccomend taking it with Bair. For underclassman he may be okay. He did not allow students to really let discussions flow among one another. He claimed that he was just there to facilitate but he often spoke the entire class period. Not much room for discussion in class. Personally, I did not like him.
This prof. was super reasonable. He typically lectured about everything that would be on the exam, and he encouraged us to ask him questions during office hours or via email. He was very responsive to emails too. In addition, if we felt that were graded incorrectly on an exam, we had the option to write it up and potentially earn credit back.
His lectures are fairly easy to follow but he tests on very specific detail and is picky with his points. Only have 5 tests and 3 writing assignments, are of which are graded fairly tough. Not my favorite teacher
She models best practices of an inclusive, discussion-based class. Since the course only met 3 weekends, it felt like cram sessions with nothing in between. I don't have much in the way of take-aways apart from the demographic study. That was great. I would have liked to see more lecture and knowledge building on best practices.
grading objections aren't very well defined. very nice and enthousiastic.
I don't normally leave reviews for profs but I had her for my ENS capstone and she was AWFUL. She never gave exact criteria for any of our assignments, is a harsh grader, and I understand that English isn't her first language but she berated my group and I in front of the class multiple times because she never understood what we were trying to say.
who gets a B in geo 100? Anyone who takes it with elena. Shes a TOUGH grader, and for what? it was the most difficult class i had this semester, and hurt my GPA. Not even in my major requirements, it was just recommended by my advisor. Dont take this class dude, i had more work in here than ACC212.
Easy class and easy grade. Exam is 30 questions word for word from the study guide, about 60 questions, that she gives you. Dont waste your time with the T/F or short answer b/c there not on the exam. 2 exams, no papers, very very easy A.
Very hard for a 100 level class. At least she is new and is willing to adjust.
Difficult and not very fair at grading but I did learn alot. Can be a bit harsh but also helpful. A good class overall, just must be willing to put in an excessive amount of work outside class.
Lots of reading, but graded papers generously. Take in the summer for reduced workload.
She's a great teacher. She knows what she's talking about but since it comes so naturally to her she might breeze through a few things that might be confusing. If someone asks her to review she will. But most people just sit there mystified so she has no idea.
too hard for a gen ed class, must put quite a bit of effort into this for a good grade. Oh yeah, she gives out 5 extra credits assignments, each is worth 1 POINT.
a very nice fun woman. kind of a difficult subject matter but she does her best to teach it well. can be pretty confusing though.
Class assignment very disorganised but she really cares about her students and loves to interact.
Her playing favorites is the most annoying thing in the world! It does make the class a bit discouraging especially if you arent one of her top students. Its a damn hard class! She does help you if you ask for it. Her test and quizzes are pretty easy. She doesnt give out much homework which irked me because I needed a lot more material to practice
Talks to you like you are stupid, but has really high standards for assignments. Helpful if you ask for it. condescending.
ok just a little cocky, and does not take time to explain things much. he likes trick questions on exams, so if you dont like to chose from 2 correct answers dont take his class
Interesting guy and genuinely loves what he does. Sounds like the class has gotten easier since I've taken it. Can be a bit boring, but its Microeconomics we're dealing with. Seems to have a slight political slant to the right.
Great person but I honestly dont think I learned anything in class. Everything is common sense. Book is NOT required for anything. LOTS of interacting with other people. Last 2 months of class is only listening to others group presentations
Shapiro was definitely helpful if you asked but the lectures were the worst. She's not very exciting and I can't tell you how many people have fallen asleep in there. Plus the reading is a HEAVY load. And i mean at least 25-30 pages of the giant boring text book.
Makes the class fun, but often tends to teach from her notes instead of from what she knows. She is still very intelligent, but makes it hard to understand/stay awake because she quotes from too many sources.
nice lady, helpfull, exams are tough!, fair grader, ask for help
Good teacher. Answers many questions when ever I ask to not sure about the other comments. Can use a notecard on test and all quiz's are told ahead of time so you can study! Good sense of humor.
Overall really nice guy. Didn't do the readings but paid attention in lectures and still got a B, however in hindsight readings probably would have been the difference to an A. Lectures can be dull.. doesn't make huge use of visual aids or anything. Fair grader. Wouldn't be my first choice class but definitely not the worst.
3 ten page papers is the only thing youre graded on. Good guy. Boring class
Embrace yourself because this class makes you think of topics that may be case sensitive for most. You start off with the existence of God, then you move on to free will and end with the mind and body problem. You can easily take this class and pass with an A. However, i just didn't really show up because the lectures were boring.
Very Boring, She loves to talk about herself!
Took his online course, which is the first time Ive done that so I have nothing to compare it to. It was more reading than your average history class because of the setup but most of it was interesting. He covers women and every day life in society which is a nice change. But he asks lots of questions on art and philosophy which seem out of place.
He is awesome! He is funny, intersting, etc... However, he is lazy in regards to getting test scores back to students in a timely matter! Nonetheless, I would still take classes with him again in a minute! Great professer!
Prof grades fairly easy on all the assignments There are no actual tests so the classes are not actually mandatory (only when there is a group assignment which is about every other class b/c they are worth 5 points) I got an A and even missed one group assignment Great Prof!
Teaches at a higher level than should be expected for a gen ed. Tests are extremely detailed and tedious. Attendance at EVERY lecture and lab are necessary to perform remotely well. Grading is sporadic-has his favorites.
Eh, it's an easy class--you might not get a lot out of lectures, sure, but phys II is still pretty easy, so you can get it on your own. EE's might find this interesting as well: Folk taught Holzinger, and Holzinger taught Haller...quite an academic lineage, as it were...
bizarre class structure. Very hard class. But she is fair. USE THE CHEATSHEETS. help SOOOOOO much. talks to students like they're in kindergarten.
Lots of reading, and lots of group work. Wasn't really a bad class ... just too much emphasis on group projects. Not really a hard grader on papers or exams.
O-ver-rated. She puts up notes on an overhead. I could do that. The exams are ridiculous. They are designed to trick you. The way she tests students is unacceptable.
Tests and quizzes were based primarily on the reading. Lectures were useful in synthesizing ideas from the reading, making it easier to do the tests. Papers were fairly long and on dry subjects, but Lessoff was very passionate about the subject and it definitely helped.
for one, the class is pointless. its called writing, but really, its an excuse for her to show her students hundreds of databases, say google is the devil, and go over 3 different citations. her class just teaches how not to plagiarize. her assignments are random and she writes more in red pen, than the students do in the paper.
do not like this prof. rediculous assignments. the class should be called "how not to plagerize 101". i got opposite feedback from her than my writing group. she had crazy reasonings as to why my paper didn't make sense, yet my writing group (and consultant) told me it did. most boring class i have ever taken and probably will ever take.
He's an alright prof, really wants you to succeed and do your best but sometimes can be picky about the papers. The only thing that bothered me a lot was that we had so many papers and discussions for an online class that was half the time. I understand that its an SWS course but we had literally 2x the character requirement in half the time.
Assigns small books and online articles for reading. Class is discussion based. At times seems disorganized or stumbles but is very knowledgable and open-minded. Very approachable and willing to see drafts for papers. Gives good constructive criticism on papers, so follow it and you will do well. Midterm was fairly tough but interesting.
History of Sports, fun class interesting lectures. TONS of reading. Much of reading covered in class tho. Really nice guy and interesting teacher.
Very boring, and tests were a little difficult, not helpful
This class was disappointing (I had taken him before for 240H). Books were interesting but lecture was lacking. Easy grader though.
Really great english professor and overall cool guy. Most of his class is just discussion with a few assignments here and there. Doesn't stick to the syllabus though so finding out when assignments are due can be confusing.
Boring class the guy stands up there and talks about how great he is and how you should become an english major. Based my grade solely off the fact that I never attended his class even though attendance was useless and we never really learned anything. The class was easy though and you only write a few essays.
Very nice guy, funny, very clear, HARD grader... and he isnt very helpful.. he actually gets scary the more questions you ask of him...
picky grader on papers, but assigns interesting readings; overall real easy class.
Tefera is one tough teacher. I managed to do well but I spent crazy amounts of hours on the homework. The one good thing is that if as a class you chose to take tests in class rather than take home he'll give you the EXACT test before hand and you can get help on that then memorize the work you got ... this was the only reason I did well.
I was very nervous about jumping back into an upper level math course. This professor speaks very fast however if you pay attention you can do well. He give excellent examples to clarify himself. Prepares you for his exam. Would definitely take this professor again.
Definitely knows his math. Work load was quite light. Very enjoyable class, if you like math. Would recommend Tefera all the way.
Lectures VERY boring and unorganized! Grading pretty easy...essay form tests. Take only if you like to listen to her talk and read a ton!
Good Teacher. A little unclear of grades. Gives lower grade if she has choice.
Very knoledgable. Keep up with your readings and you should have no problems. Paper guidelines are strict but very do-able.
Turn in your paper early to get it reviewed by him. He will still hate it but you can keep turning it back in.
very hard class, too much writing & assignments, avoid if SWS
Professor Smith made me look at the world in a new way. I did not always agree with her grading but she let us re-do projects for a new grade any time.:-)Take this class to open your eyes!
Made lectures pretty entertaining. Clicker questions. Made material pretty easy to understand. Labs sucked.
You must remember that you are taking an upper division course so of course it's not going to be an easy A. Her tests can be tricky in some ways; the questions ask about "hypothetical situations" where you must apply your knowledge. There are few questions that are straightforward. So take the time to study and make sure to watch her lectures early
Average class with some cool parts, wish the powerpoints were more detailed though. Take GOOD notes.
Avoid taking this class over the summer-- 12.5 hours of lectures per week. Tests every 10 days. WAY TOO MUCH WORK FOR A GE CLASS THAT I HAD NO INTEREST IN. lectures also super boring, she rambles on and on, and you cannot dream of passing without listening to them.
Write down everything she says during lecture. Her quizzes/tests are tricky, but not impossible. She provides lots of pictures/videos on the powerpoints and some of the stuff is actually interesting.
Not for idiots but I'm not so it was easy.
Give him a chance. I took him two years ago and thought he was great! Kind of talks fast, though.
This man has got to be the most BORING teacher I have had at SDSU. Exam reviews are pointless. They are used as a way for him to take up the whole class time. You are better off reading the book then going to class. Just know what chapters to study.
At first I thought the lectures and reading material were scattered and disjointed; then he told us that for the exam, we'd be putting that info together and giving it meaning. That made me like the class a lot more. I've always loved this professor; he's tough but very fair and very available for extra help. Take him if you really want to learn.
I tried to enjoy this class, but just...couldn't. I simply couldn't pay attention to him for the whole hour and fifteen minutes. Tests were tricky, and definitely not ones that you could get through very well on "wits alone". He seems knowledgeable and passionate about his subject, but...he just couldn't hold my attention.
Talks the whole time and doesnt write notes.. thought it was pretty tough.. would not take this course if i could do it over
Very personable man. He knows your name even if you weren't ever his student. Will go to great lengths to help you out as well. Some say they can't understand his Texan drawl but I never had a problem. As a professor, comes off stricter than he really is.
I got an A with my eyes shut. Weil is interesting is you're an anthro person. If not, there are plenty of other ways to fill the cultural requirement.
Not a bad teacher, but I wish he could see how his influence in the business world, regarding internships and job placement, has very extreme ramifications to more highly qualified students who don't meet his personal preferences. All one has to do is look at a pic on his wife's Linkedin profile to decide for him/herself. UD should take notice.
She demands a lot from homework and projects, but it really helps you grow as a photographer. She likes experimental work. Come to every class and try to participate in critiques to get on her good side.
she does a great job of explaining stuff, maybe too good cuz she does repeat herself way too much and goes on and on (and on...) she seems nice but sometimes she seems kind of mean. she's confusing
Overall I was pleased. One thing that future students should look for is her grading scale. I realized at the very end of the semester that the grading scale did not make sense.You will learn a lot from the class, though! Online quizzes are pretty much everything so do your best. She takes off points on nonsense stuff. Good Luck!
I learned a lot...but then, I haven't taken American History for seven years (since my junior year of high school).
Senor Manker was a really good professor for Spanish 231. He focused on grammar and compositions, and he was really tough on grading grammar. We read stories throughout the semester and he had detailed lectures on all of the stories. But, Senor Manker didn't emphasize speaking in Spanish as much as he went over listening, grammar, & composition.
Read the book! Tests have very specific questions but his curves are insane- added 18 points to grades for test 2 . He also drops the lowest test grade! He has industry experience and real world; offers to look at resumes for students and brings in lots of speakers. Attendance not mandatory but has easy in-class points.
He's hilarious, definitely one of the most entertaining profs at UD. 4 exams (drops the lowest one), "quizzes", and 1 easy presentation made up your final grade. Exams were 32 questions MC and ridiculously tricky. I really liked that he brought in alot of companies for internships and job opportunities. Otherwise, i wouldn't recommend.
funniest guy ever! gives test quest but impossible to get an A. easy B. other prof in this subject arent much better, take him
The test questions are given to you but do not help at all, they are very tricky. But you can do other work to bring your grade up.
gives you the questions to the exams, they can be tricky though
Didn't learn a single thing in this class.Great guy though, did nothing got a B
I really thought the class would be easy but I was wrong. The lectures are easy and boring, but the quizzes and tests are wordy and confusing. Gehring herself is a quirky person and will get on your bad side. She got on my nerves the entire semester and I was tempted to skip her lectures but go for the power points!
Why do I need to know a teacher's politics?
Very confident and challenging professor. STA 315 is challenging class so be prepared to put some work in and attend class. Professor Curtiss is a tough,picky grader but thoroughly teaches the material. Weekly assignments are just like handouts and tests are reasonable if you prepare. WOULD TAKE HER AGAIN!
312 can be difficult at times, but phyllis has lots of handouts and examples. She can be incredibly picky on exams...like if you choose to integrate to find E(x) when you could have used another shorter formula, you lose points, even if you get the correct answer. she expects everything to be done like she would do it when ther are other ways!
Picky grader. . .nasal OK s. . . .she has intent to help you in stats
She is great at explaining stats, but can be very boring. Watch out for exams!
GO TO HER OFFICE! She will help
Knows her stuff, no bell curve with her, she demands a lot for a 200 level class
If he knows your name, you are bound to get a good grade!! He rewards those who try hard. Lectures a bit disorganized but review session before every test. He curves depending on how class as a whole does. Easy labs are 35% grade booster. Take geol110 for a lab science!
Nice, but class is basically nap time! Study for his tests!
To be completely honest, her grading in terms of labs/exams can be harsh but people need to understand that if you make time with her she WILL help you. I quite frankly deserved an F but because of my dedication I rose to a C. This class is NOT impossible I had literally zero programming experience and still believe I could've done much better.
Gives many extra credit. Sit in the front row so you can hear. Extremely nice grade distribution. Very kind lady. All lectures for the entire year is posted online from day 1. Materials very direct and easy to understand. Would recommend.
She wasnt too bad as a teacher, but having a class with 700 people was extremely difficult to concentrate. Her class was soo boring. And Her notes werent clear and havent been updated since godknow when. They were full of graphs and not enough explanation. The grade distribution system sucked. Take a smaller class if you can.
She was a very good and fair teacher. The first professor that I have had at OSU that actually taught me some of the material, without me having to learn it all myself. Her exams are very fair and well written. Using the textbook study guide is helpful. Overall, a very good professor who is interested in and passionate about teaching economics.
Overall it wasnt that hard of a class. Shes really nice and easy to access outside of class. She was very unclear about directions. She would tell you to do something and once you did, she would tell you to do something completely different. Her feedback did not make much sense. She was overall very unclear. She did give you chances to redo stuff
She's good at making corrections to papers. Sometimes the corrections can be kind of harsh, but they help you in the end. Demands good work on your papers which helps when it comes to portfolio.
nice lady, expectations very very high, doesnt give positive feedback on papers, makes you feel like you suck at writting, plays favorites to boys, the amount of work that you put in does not reflect in your grade.
This class was boring and easy. So many students would show up and watch TV, movies, do other homework assignments during the two hour class and still pass! I wish there was more structure and control over his class, even though it was relatively large. Professor Leith did however know the material and was extremely passionate about it!
Unlike some, I went to class took detailed notes and studied like an animal and still got a B...so ya i guess it depends on the individiual
good class, everyone should take this class b/c you learned alot and things that we leaerned are real life conition. not too hard or too easy--what i called 50/50 good luck
Don't buy the book. dont go to lectures. just take the sutdy papers before each test and fill in the answers at the study session. then study the paper for a while (15-20 mins max) and take test. its easy.
COol class..i guess..gets kinda boring, but other people i know thought it was interesting? Go to the study sessions and do the study guide, and everything should be all good.
This wasn't a tough class by topic, but Cornish does NOT explain his grading and does Not take aliking to students in the classroom.. Go to his office hours and It will help you tremendously
Not a real hard class, lectures can be boring and many corny jokes
her tests are impossible unless you know every single detail of the readings
He is hard but he wants you to really understand and be able to explain your own process. You will need to do that for elementary kids--so you should start now! I thought he was hard but got 100% on the final exam so obviously he taught me something!
She's the type of prof to ask stupid questions, and then you feel really dumb answering them. Tests weren't too bad, but you really do have to memorize some stuff. Only two tests, no final, and you write your big paper in a group so really you only have to write 3 pages. Not bad, but boring class
Dresses crazy. Class was boring.
Didn't like the class, she was confusing at times, ran boring lectures that I dreaded, and was always behind with grading our work and complained about how much SHE had to do as an excuse for not responding to students e-mails, etc. would not recommend her.
Very smart women. The further into the semester we went, the more lost I became. Asks questions only over the math, which is what CHM is about I guess, but I wish we had done more examples during lecture, I know it would have helped me.
Very hard class to take if your a first time chem student
Sounds easy and fun but turns out to be more work than Chem200. You have meeting times outside of class to do labs with a partner. The labs are about 2 - 3 hours each. Really picky on grading with his grading script so don't forget anything or you're losing a point and the labs are out of 9 points so 1 point off is a lot. Test are difficult.
Reccomeded. The unofficial WEEDER class of CS. Beware! Make sure you take 9-12 units max the semester you take this. Carroll is HARD but he knows his stuff. (Actually, CS560 is hard with ANYBODY---even Root!) No programming, just Discrete Math & CS310 on steroids. Contrary to rumors, he curved
don't be intimidated, nice but tough grader, study a lot and dont skip!
She doesn't use a text book, all lecture. Helpful, but grading is unclear
Are you ready to work your butt off? She's a tough teacher. Her exams are the SATs. The mulitple choice questions are very tricky and her essay questions are long....its difficult to finish on time. I worked my butt off to get a B-. Good luck
She gives application exams and they are very very tricky! They're the type of exams where you study so hard for it but you could never get an A on the exam. I hate those kind of exams. The online exercises takes almost an hour to finish, and she doesn't care if your internet or the website crashes, you must do the online exercises early!
Hard class! tests are difficult becaus you MUST know everything, cant just scoot by, but you cant just scoot by in life either! Dont expect to learn tons of stuff either
This woman likes to talk... and talk... and talk... and talk! Tests are actually pretty hard, you do have to memorize quite a bit despite what she says. I managed to barely pull of an A.
3 tests. 3 opt. papers. I recommend doing the papers it helps your grade. ppt lectures (omg its soo boring)tests arent too bad just study. i pulled a B, shes nice lady, but its just soo dam boring sitting through her lecture. i challenge u to stay awake.
kind of hard but manageable
Dont listen to what any of these guys say! I went to all 3 A+ reviews and got a D! And I know people that went to A+ and they got D's too! This is a hard ass class, dont kid yourself into thinking that you'll get a A
Challenging course, very hard final. Study a lot, A+ din't help me for final
Very hard. Covers EVERYTHING in the text book HE wrote.
She loves to throw in tiny details into her lectures that aren't on the slides and then put them on the exam. Additionally, the sheer amount of information she gives us for each exam is just insane. I feel like this class is a memorization game of the 5000 terms she presents to us. Not fun, and way harder than seems necessary.
Easier than other MGT350 classes.Professor Chung is an amazing professor!Three tests (drops lowest) and a final. No quizzes, four super easy assignments that everyone aces. Ended up with an A. Textbook purchased online is Super EXPENSIVE, You can get a cheaper one from SDtexty.
Easy class. Should be called common sense 101. The tests are really the hard part. Questions are incredibly vague, lack context, and have multiple right answers. Professors like Chung structure their tests this way so they can get their desired grade distribution and keep their illusion of legitimacy. Welcome to upper division.
Could be an easy class, she just reads off the slides. Make a clear study guide and study hard! I thought this was going to be so easy but it ended up being much more difficult becuase I needed to really memorize more before the test... otherwise easy class
Interesting...she's very intellegent, and her lectures are pretty straight forward. She gets too excited about this boring class, and she picks favorites. Overall its a good class...tests are on BB and are open note.
Overall, ok but boring. Very smart man and very helpful.
Tends to get off track, a little dry. Very smart guy. Easy to talk to.
Teacher seems to be and to like all of his students. And takes time to listen to them. He even offers help to students on tests if they need it!
high standards, tough grader, but awesome guy
Work is hard and you get lots of it. Somewhat of an interesting class but be prepared for a HEAVY workload--he is also a VERY tough grader.
easy class, easy A- just read and listen
Lectures scattered, off-color sense of humor, but intelligent. you decide
If you learn by hearing stories of war, a scarred childhood, and a general lack of money, then this is the class for you. I enjoy public speaking, but all you do is 4 speeches, which he grades harshly.
I like his personality and knowledge of life in general, but his teching style is lacking.
Probably one of the most inspiriational teachers I have had. Like said in other comments, he can get off topic, but regardless if it is related to communications, his life lessons are great. He talks to you like you are his kids and cares about his students. Great experience, even though I hated the work.
Nice guy. we only had one test the entire semester but we had to write a 2 page paper about the movies we watched each week.
Great Teacher. Those who speak poorly of Mr. Heredia are usually to young and immature to appreciate his intelligence, he wants you to succeed and gives the tools needed to do so.
the class room is this man's soap box. Very Anti-Republican, Anti-Bush man. The most Liberal old guy i know. i learned nothing but i recieved an A in his course. be prepared to hear this man's life story, and not learn the course materials
Just show up, participate and do the journals, no tests!
classes get a little boring, I'm afraid
She is so kind and lovely I just do not think the class needed to be as long as it was. It also got boring after a while.
Great Professor! Not so sure if I will use this information in the business world. However, I think I am more knowledgable about law from a personal perspective now that I was previously. This professor loves to teach and actually uses our time in each class to the maximum.
Dr. King is boring. Or perhaps it is just the material. GAFST 200 is a history class, and if this isn't what you're expecting, then you may be shocked a little. I'm really dispassionate regarding him and the class and have no opinions. It just kind of is...
totally agree with person below, do well on tests or hope there's a big curve again. Really cool guy but is a little confusing. Take the class in a time when you at a very awake point in your day, little boring so try not to fall asleep. good teacher, and very knowledgeable
SOOOO BORING, i dispised his class every time I had to go
Whatever you do, don't act like I did. I went into the class acting like I knew everything, which I did... I was punished accordingly. Class average for the assignments was typically above 85. My assignments were consistently graded with 75s. Reason? I suppose there was some bias and bitterness because I acted like I didn't need his class.
You learn a lot from Arch. However your GPA / sanity might suffer. He always gives huge projects that are extremely time consuming and the tests are out of left field. Has no problem giving students 0's on projects that they spent hours and hours on. Grades ruthlessly (at times) on tests.
Good teacher for the CS department; fair and informative. Tons of work outside of class required though, so if you work or have a tough schedule, you may want to take the class another semester.
Good luck. I got A's in 235 and 236 and had this guy last year. I went to the math learning center constantly and still ended up barely pulling a C. He makes the applications in three dimensions way too hard and moves very quickly. My friend said that Pruett's class wasn't bad.
Let's just put it this way...1/2 our class dropped out. No curves...a really nice and smart man, and willing to help, but just has trouble teaching material well.
She was just ok. No technology so it is all paper and pen. 4 exams, some quizzes, and some occasional easy assignments. Her exams are mostly memorization because they are 100 questions. She tries to be funny and relatable which is nice. overall, probably not your best option but I grew to somewhat enjoy her class.
I would just avoid taking health in general because there is so much outside work for the class (UREC hours and passport events).The one nice thing was she offered extra credit at the end if you didn't miss 6 classes. The tests covered SO MUCH material and she would even ask little random questions so you had to study everything in her powerpoint
This class was so irritating. Not rlly her fault but it was a waste of time, try to take hth or kin online if u can. So much outside work, 100 question tests that had ridiculous content, had to memorize stats & random facts from videos and websites. She gives exam tips in class, extra credit if u miss under 6 classes but class is unbearably boring
Super funny/energetic. Passionate about what she teaches and really just wants students to learn. A little wacky at times. Passport events and UREC hours are really annoying but they help boost your grade, get them done early! Exams are pretty tough. Textbook is a waste of money. Her powerpoint notes give test answers. Few quizzes. Can skip a lot.
Only health 100 I have ever heard of where ATTENDANCE ISN"T MANDATORY and is instead just for extra credit. She's boring and kinda weird and no electronics but she doesn't notice when people are on their phone. Same assignments as every other health class so overall NOT BAD JUST BORING. o GIVES TEST ANSWERS AWAY IN CLASS
Lectures take the full class period but she goes through the slides fast and expects you to take notes at home. Doesn't allow technology unless you sit in the front row. She gives out some test questions in her lecture but other than that her tests are 100 questions with about 20 trick ones.
attendance is absolutely required even though it's literally a 100+ person class. 4 tests that are passable if you study but her lectures are incredibly boring and she sometimes goes off on random tangents.
Because of the pandemic, this class moved online. However, Dr. Sutton was very indecisive on keeping the syllabus the same. She changed the syllabus without notifying the students. Also, powerpoints are uploaded to canvas, so really my class lucked out with being able to do everything our own. Just study and do what you're supposed to.
Rants about younger generations or talks about herself for most of the class and then tells you to look at the powerpoint yourself instead of going over it during our lecture time, on top of reading the textbook. Very old school. Not a very hard class, just very time consuming and tested my patience with how much I could listen to her rant about us
Professor Sutton seemed entertaining at first, but her quirkiness quickly wears off. I respect her passion for health, and her stories can be interesting and funny, but the class borderlines on disgusting at times. She also can be quite degrading to students and assume we're dumb. To her credit, she explicitly mentions some test questions.
Very scattered, goes on tangents. She knows the information well but doesnt do the best job at teaching it well to the students. Her tests are straightforward but very specific so you definitely need to read.
A good professor, but very rude. After we took the first exam, I noticed that I had a 0 in the gradebook & when attempting to talk to her about it, she was very snobby and said that I did not take it/could not retake it. After going to her office and finding my scantron MYSELF, I realized how rude/doubtful she could be for no reason.
Not as terrrible and annoyiing as everyone says she is. Keep up with textbook reading it will really help you prepare for exams. Ask her to do review before the exam! Lectures are pretty boring, however they are mandatory. Worth it to pay attention if you dont plan on reading the textbook.
She is a nut. Simple as that. Quirky and weird but funny. Her tests are IMPOSSIBLE no matter how hard you study. 4 tests a year and a few other pointless grades. I advise taking someone else if at all possible!
Easy class if you know anything about health and even easier if you consistently exercise. She has outlines online that point out all the key areas of the chapters which almost eliminates your need for the book. Eccentric, but passes some useful info. Only minus is she seems to lecture like she sees herself on a pedestal and the students are dim.
Dr sutton is definitely nutty but she's a really nice lady...it is true that lecture alone will not get you through the tests...i found that out the hard way...she definitely seems like she should be teaching pre-school...but i like her
"I've been teaching for 20 years now" A phrase you will become annoyed of very quickly. She is pompous of her knowledge, and condescending to her students.
talks to us like we are kids, can be a little annoying and over excited about material dont take notes, highlight the reveiw book that book is very helpful, all powerpoints are on blackboard allowed 5 absenses just dont come late or leave early, tests are long and hard study for 10 hours and still only get in 80's take someone else if you can
sometimes condescending, but cheerie.. she tries hard... study for the tests, I did a lot worse on hers than peterson's... they're both the best ones in ghth though....
tests are pretty hard, she likes to trick you, mandatory attendance, boring, interesting college stories sometimes, talks slow, hard for her to get things out, have to study the book and outlines
I worked my butt off in this class and still a C, I'm normally an A or B. On a bit of an ego trip. Made sure we knew she was a "Doctor" which made me say even before class started "I know how this is going to turn out" Take someone else if able
quite possibly the easiest professor in the world as long as your willing to write a few papers here and there. lectures are a joke, he often forgets to talk about the books and rants on about something much more entertaining to listen to. i am definitely taking him for all my seminar requirement classes!
great guy, fun professor. very hard to find after class.
One of the nicest profs at school, really tenured, has connections. Likes to waste time a whole lot, & is good at it. Had only 1 test. Lots of extra credit opportunities. Exam blew. Kinda on the fruity side. Not the best guy to have at 8 AM 3 days a week
Great prof loves students. Knows everyone. Didn't learn much.
Boring lectures which seem more conversational than informative,but interesting nonetheless.Not much note taking goes on in class, So definitely get a good TA.
it is boring, and harder than you would anticipate what with it being an anthro class after all. She is nice but not the best lecturer. Readings are ok, but there are too many of them. Be careful who you pick for your discussion, try them out and switch if she/he doesn't speak english.
Very clear with his lectures and notes. However he is an extremly unfair grader. On maple hw all of my answers were correct, but I still got a C on the assignment because of name and staple placement. Ridiculous. Also he is very into students being independent so whenever I asked4help he told me to"look at the book again and try2find it on my own"
Gives pop quizzes after each section so be prepared. Some cribs for quizes. Teaches very fast don't ask too many questions inclass or you will be punished with more h.w. Only 3 or 4 tests which is the majority of your grade.
this american lit course consists of great books and movies. i took it online. she's either an easy grader or i am an awesome essayist.
He knows what he is talking, however I had some family problems at the beginning so the first test was a bust. So I worked my butt off and did all the homework, but when I took the second test I mixed up inches and feet. He marked me down 20% for it, which brought from a 98% to a 78%. About a third of my class had to drop it including me.
He is decent teacher to learn from, but horrible when grading. He seems to think that flipping a sign is a lot worse than not knowing the steps to solve a problem. Regardless off how well you know the material (and how well you test) you may or may not get a good grade depending on his mood at the time of grading.
Good cribs, easy to study for tests, class attendance not taken, SLEEP
The professor would have announced quizzes, but it would be unclear to me and my classmates what the quizzes would be on. Other than that, classes were relatively easy and laid back.
Easy class, skipped a lot still ended up with a 95. Very nice lady but kind of an airhead.
Admits not being the best teacher for mechatronics, but its an easy course, so isn't too big a negative. I found him very approachable if I had questions. If your pretty good at doing things on your own (the basis for this class) go ahead and take him.
Fun and interesting... Exams are very difficult...
Bad, do u enjoy highlighting your book? DO NOT TAKE! avg. scores are 60%..S
cool guy, loved going to this class, learned the most of any class
I received an A in the first section, then an F in the second... If you love gambling this is the class for you!
Dr Matt is very considerate and easy to communicate with. I think it takes a special mind set and willingness to learn in this class and that is a compliment. Great class!
Not too bad of a teacher, gets to the point during class and has workshops for the critique for your papers.
Bonvillian is at his prime is a small discussion class, where he can ramble about every single researcher friend of his and people are amused. Such a sweet man and a true expert and pioneer in his field. Ask him a question and you get his life story. He is more interested in the subject than assigning work or grades, which works out well for all!
VERY VERY VERY HARD GRADER
nice guy but tons of reading, lectures difficult to follow, very hard tests
GREAT CLASS.. people complain about him being hard... he's not that hard if you put a little effort in. We're in college.. whoa!
Funny man, detailed tests, not too bad
I can understand about all the negative comments,but i personally like him,though he likes students to draw as he likes. But the chances are,all these negative comments are by people who kind of suck. Sure,Jesse should grade on effort,but at the same time, i think it's a good way to keep the level of art, instead of having artist that can't do crap
I was art model for him...surprisingly he always made me feel totally comfortable, not creepy, very friendly...maybe because I looked good naked, lol? But I wouldn't want him as a professor, he's nice as a person though.
hated having to sit through this class, lectures are the same everyday on how capitalism is bad. Nice man, gives questions for test beforehand. But NOT a fun class whatsoever!!
A tough grader on heavily weighted discussions and papers! Quizzes every week and three papers total. Organized and on time with posting assignments. Lectures were very short however he spoke fast! The book is required and there is a ton of reading from that plus extra articles. Quick in responding to emails.
This was an online that I took to get some more credits. I probably would not take one of his classes again. There are 2 books you must get for the course. A reading articles book and a chapter review book. You must read each section for each week and then take 2 quizzes, one for each book. The quizzes are pretty hard. Would not recommend Battani.
He is really passionate about the subject...almost too much. Sometimes we wern't sure what he was rambling about but he does make sense of the subject around exam time. Barbie Nation rocks!!
he won't look anyone one in the eyes, not a very personal teacher, he gets to the point.
He didn't make class very interesting. He just lectured the whole time.
i love this man he is so sweet and will do his best to help you, dont be discouraged by other comments
The test are extensive but the rest of the assignments are easy.
Why does this teacher scare the bejesus out of me? And what is the deal about that rap? How white do you want to be?
Explains things well, but spends too much time reviewing each class, and is therefore behind. It makes mathlab very difficult, or more difficult than it already is.
told bad jokes all the time. realyl hard exams i couldn't always follow him
Dr. Gutman loves teaching hebrew. I took her for 105/106/107. The class size is small so she gets to know you and if very helpful. The most important thing is to attend and participate.
nice guy, u think he likes you but then gives yuo a bad grade. rarely gives a's.. very cocky
Not a bad teacher, just... pay attention. Everything is on slideshows, he's entertaining when the sun is a pumpkin, and handles the lecture hall class well.
Tests are out of the woodworks and so hard
Tends to be vague in some of his lectures.
He is scattered and crazy but very passionate, caring, and enthusiastic. Overall, great prof.
Mary is so sweet. She's extremely nice and ultimately wants her students to be happy. You can have a cheat sheet on every test, half of which is group work. On quizzes, everything is group work. Same with the labs. Most of your success in this class will be dependent on the type of group you have. The homework is mandatory, but she just checks for completion. gives tons of extra credit opportunities. My best advice is to talk to her whenever you can, she'll probably like you, helps your grade!
Very professional yet a sense of humor. Definitely worth getting on her good side, for professional and academic purposes. Very aware and empathetic of students' workloads. Final group project and presentation (in front of company reps) VITAL to begin early during the semester (lots of research). She is helpful, and includes interesting facts.
The class was okay. The lectures were pointless because the test was right from the text. But you had to be there because she takes attendance. She did a good job of breaking up the class period by having presentations, lecture and a video.
hard tests and pointless lectures...just read the textbook
Exams are hard, groups projects beneficial to final grade, boring class
HARD CLASS!! Tests aren't fair at all.. & anything's game! Good memory required
funny. work is hard but he makes you feel like you're learning
Incredibly easy teacher. All the quizzes were online. Tests were easy. Actually had students make a posterboard project about weather as if we were in gradeschool. Nice guy, class always ended early.
He looks and acts like the dad on that 70's show! easy quizzes, hard tests. just be sure to do well on quizzes and weekly assignments, then the tests won't hurt as much. some days off is a bonus. cool teacher. i liked him, but still got a C in the clas
Not too easy, boring, but many days off :)
He teaches like a highschool teacher. It was very easy to understand his classes and I recieved a 3.9 overall. Also his tests follow the notes exactly.
annoying to watch teach and listen to. i didnt learn too much in this course. weird setup-lecture in eng and then span recitation t.a.'s but i never really got to practice my spanish in class.
This is a really hard class. Dr Halsell is nice and knowledgeable, she's just not very good at teaching. You end up having to teach yourself a lot with the textbook. She also assigns TONS of homework on launchpad, most of which I did not find helpful. At least with all the grades if you mess up on some things your grade wont tank.
I am not very impressed by this professors response to the students so far. Do not e mail to her she is nasty. She makes you feel like children when she e mails. There are times students need to be able to collaborate with teacher or ask questions. She wont help. She will tell you to refer to syllabus. Not an instructor for correspondence
She knows her stuff it's just that she's so involved with who is trying to cheat that her teaching has gone to the way side. Always on the look out for the slackers she doesn't pay attention to those who actually do the work.
Not that great, i liked the free talking with her, her test are mad easy tho, alot of notes to take and alot to read, if your lazy don't take it.
Lectures aren't thorough, she's nice though and class is straightforward/easy
I was able to manage a B in Math 55 after doing a a$$ load of extra credit. However I did not fair as well in 20. He teaches at a fast pace, no calculators, and lots of hmwk. Test are tricky and he LOVES fraction a lil too much. His explanations are good, and he give hints on memorizing but confusin
The topic sounds interesting, but the content is fairly easy and cheap. It feels more like a collection of Facebook posts instead of serious academic papers. I got to say, I might have already read 50% of the material via posts on social networks. The only good is, now we have a processional professor to approve them.
Very nice personality and willing to help outside of class. However she does not explain material very well. If I had not taken PHY366 the semester before I probably would of struggled like the rest of my class. Tests to me were easy and very straightforward, however they could be confusing because they weren't like the HW, easier than the HW.
Tough tests, tricks you often. No idea what is going to be on them. Even though he knows his stuff, he puts too much opinion into it, and rambles on constantly about how bad previous classes were... and don;t do this or that x 10 everyday. watched way too many movies and were expected to know exact dates for them all...
Class wasnt that bad except for the final exam. He lectured for a half hour then gave us the exam. Exam was hard, it was over 30 chapters and all the notes and films from class all semester. Good Luck
He was a pretty hard teacher and did like to show that he thought he was smarter then everyone else. Very boring class for the most part. Got lucky and pulled off a halfway decent grade though.
This class is IMPOSSIBLE! so much homework and memorization. Hope you brought your big boy pants because this class will chew u up and spit u out without blinking if u didn't. General biology or animal science is way easier. Only take if u absolutely have to
Challenging, unclear, often leaves much work for TAs who get behind and as a result slow down the distribution of grades, etc. Don't expect to see any realistic measures of your aptitude during the semester.
Great professor, funny guy. EXTREMELY clear in grading policies. No attendance. 4 tests (one dropped) plus 2 short assignments and 5 movies that all the gposc classes have to go to. Gives out studyguides, but I still found it difficult to get above a C on his tests. Easy C, difficult B, near impossible A. Highly rcommend, but difficult for a gened.
He makes the class very boring. He never lets you out early and will start on the next subject with a minute left of class. He talks very quickly and I can't remember the last time I actually payed attention. He drops the lowest test which is cool but not an overall interesting teacher.
Abrahamson says see what I mean a lot but i love him anyways! Don't really hafta go to class.I never went but i got As on the super easy assignments and Bs on the test w/out studyin! He is so weird but its cool.
Funny guy. Very friendly.
hmk hard and he tends to jump around when giving notes. however if you go back and read the notes they make sense. watch out for definitions, they're very confusing
VERY BORING CLASS BUT YOU GOTTA TAKE IT CAUSE IT THE ONLY ONE OFFERED AT THAT TIME.JUST READ THE NOTES AND YOU WILL MAKE A B OR HIGHER GUARANTEED
This ONLINE 10-week course was great! Open-book tests on each chapter with plenty of time. Questions can be tricky if you aren't careful. Save tests to study for easier comprehensive final. Professor made himself available through email for questions & answered fast (even during nights & weekends). I'd recommend this ONLINE class.
knows her stuff and loves what she teaches, but comes off as mean and slightly psychotic at times, midterm and final impossibly long and hard, not always very understanding but generally interesting
Lots of reading, two page paper due each week, one midterm, and a final. Not the hardest grader, and not the most stimulating class lecture. Rarely lets out early.
She is such a kind and gentle woman...very knowledgeable with a great sense of humour. My class she co-taught with Dr. Ferenbaugh who lectures more, but when I have come in for help she explains things so clearly. I would absolutely take another class with her!
his accent is thick and you can't always understand him. 5 mini tests that are near impossible. the first test isn't bad but the second is a slap to the face. final exam is in the absolute last time period. lectures are boring and mandatory
This class literally made me want to punch myself in the face. Be prepared to know more than just the borders, climate and terrain of regions. Prof. Rees loves rivers so make sure you know everything about them for the mini-tests and exams.
easiest teacher in the world. Not very clear though
I just got done taking MA098 and yes the class was tougher than MA097 but what would you expect. Mr Steinfort is an excellent teacher. If he was teaching any other math classes i would take him in a heartbeat.
Good teacher, good guy. He will help you if needed and if your topic is small, and he can answer quickly. Detailed, very descriptive help is best found in the Math lab or with a personal (free) tutor. I found him to be clear, straightforward, and well educated. My only complaint is that his class could be a little too easy....
Outdated Cliches, OLD, but not too shabby if you at least try. Can be friendly.
This class was super easy, it was just basically using Gimp to alter photos and creating animations in Hype. He was to help but isn't always able to figure things out when you have a question. Lectures seem pretty common sense, but that may because I'm into this stuff.
VERY EASY CLASS. So many points makes it impossible to fail, extra credit final, and so many easy points. DO THE PRACTICE QUIZZES FOR THE TESTS multiple times. . These quizes are the exact questions for the test in your lab. EASY A
Professor Isley's class was quite difficult. Often times he didn't explain examples very well. However he attempted to make up for this by willing to work with students after/out of class. Exams were composed of essays and math problems. Nice guy, hard class.
He likes to walk up the aisle while talking, which is odd, makes bad jokes
Simha is the SAP master. The assignments are easy, but the quizzes & exam are hard. The quizzes are the typical terrible MGT multiple answer questions. This was only offered as a 6-9 and it was really hard to take in 99 powerpoint slides in one night. Highest class average on quizzes was like a 62% but somehow it doesn't affect your grade too much
Tests are easy, He graded everything else easy as well he is boring though.
Not a difficult class at all. Class consists of listening to art song performances. Weekly quiz tests information learned during the week, short and not too difficult, but do study. Exams are mostly listening type, requires alot of studying listening to examples, but can be easy. Mid-semester paper not too difficult. Final project very easy.
I took his web class and never met him face to face. Web course was easy! Curb allowed 83% to define a regular "A" (he doesn't use + or -)
Class was okay, easy A. they do take attendence but no one really goes. 2 tests super easy never read a book for this class. a few papers ta's grade everything other than the final paper
He is ok. Slightly insane and makes ridiculous comments to try and keep everyone awake. Tests are all multiple choice, but really difficult. Its also hard cause 3 exams grades make up your final grade (with one short/easy essay option for extra credit) Boring class but he tries.
He wrote the textbook so exam questions come from it. Puts all of the power points online but tells you in class what topics are questions on exams. Do the extra credit
this dude is nuts. he knows everything about everything. 3 tests and a midterm homework 3 times. tough stuff
he's fine-- i can't remember what he said about attendance but i believe it's mandatory in order to pass. his classes can fly by, and he often allows group work. i wish he would give me more feedback, that would've helped me understand what i was missing. overall, his tests are difficult, he grades assignments for accuracy-- which is totally lame.
Yes he does mumble and expect you to know the materical. However it is a high school flash back and you should know that stuff anyways. Good and helpful math review class and Prof. Gross knows what he is doing.
Daric is an overall good prof. He has lots of knowledge about film. Tends to have some boring lectures, but they aren't that bad. Tough grader and makes you work for it. Kinda stuck on the whole "cliche" thing, but then again, what isn't cliche among college students?
Great teacher, she loves what she does and is just a "sweet" person. The projects she has are good and often involve real world applications of graphic design. My only complaint is that she is a little too easy. If she graded harder, I might have produced better work trying to receive an A.
Beware of exams, they are difficult. Reading & rereading the book in addition to looking over lecture slides on EduCat and making flash cards is a must. He expects you to know artists names, tribes, and time period, in addition to the history and cosmology of all of the tribes. The class average is currently at 68% after the final if that helps.
She expects students to read, participate and show respect (toward her & other students' time). Lecture is strictly by accessible PowerPoints, but she does throw in videos, and group activities. She gives study guides and is willing to meet if you need help. She does not suffer fools who do not listen or or do other stuff during class (*gasp!*).
Heavy accent blah blah blah. I had her for volleyball so all you had to do was show most of the time and play volleyball. She would let people leave early and if you missed a few classes she doesnt care so all in all she was cool.
Nice guy but too much homework. 7 exams is way too much
He started working at CWU here in Washington. His "Labs" are hard and sometime involve ideas that we are weeks from learning. He seems to take the things that the class was having the most problems with and thats whats he puts on the tests and weighs the most against.
I had Dr. Ball for comparative gov't. and international relations. Really easy classes, you have 20% of the test questions before hand. Read the material and attend class, easy A. Refreshing viewpoints mixed with lively class discussions make his classes enjoyable.
Lecture is useless. Tests are extremely hard...try to find old ones, never really changes them much. Really like him as a person though, cool guy, doesn't preach liberal garbage like most poly sci teachers. Tells it like it is, and fun to listen to argue with other students...like ditto head and lil biebs.
Dr. Ball knows his stuff but he often spends too much time on current events rather than the lecture. Even though he's an ultra-conservative he still allows students with opposing views to contribute.
Ok, so its not the easiest class. It's not all that hard either. The simple fact remains that Ball is by far the coolest human being in the world. You cant top the hair nor the constantly reused mcdonalds coffee cup.
dont bother reading the book because eveything is based on the lecture anyways
he had the class come up with questions for the exams and then everyone is emailed a copy of the questions for a dollar (that dollar covers the whole semester).And 50% of the class questions are on the test the rest of the questions are from the text
She is a little crazy and tends to go on about her personal theories and views a lot,but these can be interesting.the exams are never on those things so don't bother trying to keep up and write them down.the exam questions are way too advanced for the level of the class.however,she gives huge curves!study book and her general notes and u'll b fine
Had her before. 2nd semester with her- had violent crimes and devience. I like her. Tests are hard. gives you 6 words and you choose to define 3. Then pick 2 of three short answers and an essay. You learn. VERY STRICT on APA format papers. Overall not bad.
Agreed, lots of case studies.
good prof, tough on gradin papers tho, really picky & her comments are hard to read. overall easy class u just have 2 memorize the notes for exams, u get study guides which are really helpful as well. don't bother buyin the book u won't need it!! give her class a try
Boring class, lots of memorizing but easy exams.
I never had any issues with this course. The guy was helpful to me when I had a problem attending an on campus lecture that was required. Mostly, I love the focus on the primary documents. He knows his stuff and if you follow the rules you win.
Ok, my honest opinion of this guy is simple: You?re taking US History according to Light's world. Always find documents to support his opinions and you'll always get an A. Make sure you reference them in his essays to support his views on your answer. Sorry Sir, but there is always a formula to success.
Good teacher who loves his ideas (opinionated). Could be and easy A if he likes you - gotta raise your hand and talk in class and he'll grade your essay's better. I recommend him.
He is an alright teacher. He gets really mad sometimes about the stupidist things. His test are easy but the folders suck s*it. Hes an alright looking teacher maybe just needs to do a couple of situps than he would be ok. His lectures are ok.
I thought that she looked like a kindergarden teacher! the labs are stupid and hard, and doesnt' really help u out. I am sure there are better profs for this class!
Boring class.... she is VERY picky when it comes to essays on tests... she knows her stuff but i just think its a boring and unuseful info that we aren't going to have to know in the long run.
Pretty good prof. lots of note taking but she is pretty helpful.
Take her class if you want your papers being graded on how well you follow useless directions (putting certain parts of paragraphs in bold) instead of the quality of papers. Also, when she critiqued my paper before my final draft, she said I had almost no mistakes. I corrected the ones she pointed out and somehow ended up with a D-. She sucks.
Mapes is a boring history teacher. Her tests aren't hard but you should study for them. Her True/False approach to tests is extremely perfected.
I took the telecourse - I was never able to contact her during the semester, even though I tried. The telecourse had the most boring videos ever, and the test were all True/False, and very tricky. She gave study lists , so I knew EXACTLY what to study.
Knowledgeable on the subject. Her relaxed structure bugged me a little but this class was very good. Some of her book were too scholarly and dry but the Gawande book was great. BTW this subject highlight American history from a different perspective.
He isn't the worse teacher but he isn't exactly the best. I think my papers I wrote for his class were the most enjoyable thing since he actually has you use the textbook. But, his discussion boards weren't the greatest and how he graded them did not make the most sense to me.
Tests are really easy. Really just a memorization game. Practice tests include questions on every test, including Final (take them multiple times and you will pass every test). This eliminates the usefulness of the textbook. More of a online teacher than classroom teacher. Has great stories to tell in person. Class is an really easy A.
Prof. Ebels is super nice, but after the first test he made each progressive one harder and harder. He did not keep a consistent format, and it was hard to tell what each test would be on.
Very hard grader, I tried very hard in that class but I don't think I will get higher then a "C" I will probably try to avoid takeing classes with her in the future.
The only B I've ever recieved at GRCC.
been at cc for quite a few semesters, probably the worst teacher ive ever had. easy, but hes not the brightest crayon in the box. i showed him how to do things the first day of class.
He really loves his job he wants you to understand everything but can sometimes repeat a little. If he doesnt know how to do something he will stay up all night figuring it out and explain it the next day in class even if knowbody cares. he also can be pretty moody but unless you deserved to be snapped at he always appologizes. but good luck!
He does not walk through the problems. Just sort of blows through them. He has a tendency to sound like he is talking to you like you are stupid. Makes asking questions frustrating. Gives you a hard time for silly mistakes (but maybe that's a good thing?). Also this is an ALEKS based course, so no text book.
Great teacher. Hard to please on speeches.
She graded us like we were professionals and obviously we are not. It is a beginning communication class and grading us like professionals is harsh for it being a beginner class. That is the only thing that upsetted me but other than that a pretty descent professor.
lots of projects she favors girls A LOT if your a guy good luck in getting your opinion heard in that class! it was interesting but very 1 sided. she is an okay teacher but you can tell she loves to teach so girls have fun!
Her tests weren't difficult and you are allowed to do corrections. You won't know your actual grade until after every "Checkpoint" but I also feel like her grading makes it easier for you to do decent. She is not very clear about schedules. She sometimes changes things and does not update them on documents and rarely makes announcements.
Lots of notes. Indepth tests. Easy to take notes from lectures, speaks in outline form. Memorize notes for essay questions. Knowlegdable in subject matter. Nice guy.
His class is not hard. He gave 2 weeks to complete 4 assignments that were not too difficult. Not very involved as everything was on Pearson. Material can be difficult depending on your level of excel experience but he gave 3 attempts to get all the points. Ended early-week before thanksgiving. No finals no tests.
I completly hated his way of teaching this class. His jokes were so dry, he was the only one laughing at them. We barely used the textbook especially when we began the mangerial accounting.
sloppy dresser, but a easy grader
Julie was a pretty good professor, however I don't reccomend you take her class online. She mostly just proctors tests and leaves the teaching to an online module. Maybe this is just a "me" thing but I want the prof of the class I'm paying for to teach me.
Ms. Hess is a very caring woman and explains the math curriculum very well. She has you team up with your table mates to write problems on the board and to do review together. My only issue is that she will mark you down for the most simplest mistakes on your test, so be careful and overexplain.
Very nice teacher. She does not do much teaching in the online class as most info is provided by the Thinkwell website you use instead of a textbook. Julie returns emails quickly and was always helpful. I recommend her and this class!
Hess is great with organizing her online class. It definitely isn't a class you can blow off. She responds quickly to emails but has a sassy personality which I didn't find professional. Also, was never clear on grading guidelines for some assignments which was frustrating. Wouldn't take again even though I received an A in the course (hard work).
It's a push and pull with professor Hower. For not being good at math at ALL, I was still able to get by with a B-. Nearly half the points for the class come from homework/labs which you can attempt as many times as you want. 4 total exams which is a lot, but with so many points coming from homework and labs it evens out. Overall, she's okay
Extremely unorganized. One quiz a week where you can use your homework on. Quizzes should be easy A's. Exams aren't too tough either. Class isn't very hard, just kinda boring and unorganized.
excellent prof., moves fast but is very fair. doesn't try to trick you on tests
I'd take someone else if I could to do it over
boring, reads right off of powerpoint slides, is easy to talk to
His lectures are impossible to follow. He cannot complete a thought before moving on to another, so your notes are impossible to decipher. Your grade is 3 exams. He constantly makes mistakes in his example problems so when you're studying things do not make sense.
Blose was a different teacher. He had problems verbalizing his thoughts and so he would stutter quite a bit. This would actually get frustrating when trying to listen to him. For Ethics in Finance this is the 2nd most boring class I have ever taken.
Her grading is biased, and she can be openly critical of students. Her German grammar is not very good. She does pick very interesting texts for reading and discussion, and she devotes a good amount of class time to discussion of the readings. It would be nice if students could share more of their own opinions of the ideas in the readings.
At first I admit I was not impressed w his arrogance but he grew on me and alot of my other class mates. All test were take home open note and book so if you didnt get an A it was all on you. He does tend to have a few teachers pets" which I was not one :) so if that bothers you I would find a different Proff.
I just took his class.All of his tests are online and almost all of them you can take twice and it will show u the answers so u can get 100% the next time.He let us out of class early bc we had his class for 4hrs. If u show up and do the online tests n quizes u will do fine
A breeze of a class.Tests/quizzes come straight out of the book, which people never read and still get A's, simply b/c he pairs you up to take them! The man 'teaches' straight from the notes given to him by the author/publisher of the book, and LOVES himself.I haven't decided if the man is just very confident or straight arrogant.Maybe the latter.
Prof. Rich is super nice and caring. I did feel like I was set up to fail tho. The amount of reading that she expects you to do is unreal. She makes you take a quiz at the start that can vary from hard to easy. The midterm was Horrible. We had 24 reads with 18 authors to remember by heart for quotes and then had to write a page over class work.
Weekly discussion posts and quizzes, not too hard if you follow along with the reading. Concepts are simple enough. Overall a pretty easy grade.
BORING, but easy. Take if you only care about getting an A and not really learning much.
Took this class on-line, easy class ever. Gives extra credit?????..take him!!
I'm taking management online. This professor is VERY hard on grading. You pretty much have to know the book inside and out. Quizzes are ridiculous and assignments are impossible. Be sure to have PLENTY of extra time for this class!
Pretty good teacher
she is okay on the nice scale... however, she doesn't teach, she reads the book
LOTS OF BUSY WORK!! If you like pop-quizzes, tons of reading, and lectures that can get off track, then he is definitely for you! He can go on some interesting, off-subject rants though.
Incredible teach. I have nothing but respect for this guy. I definitely recommend him.
Mr. Lee is a great math teacher. Very willing to work with students. If one student isn't getting the concept the way he explains it, he allows other students to try. Very tight ship, TURN OFF YOUR PHONE!! I had a great time in class, if he had taught my previous math class I would've tried harder!
I'm not sure if it was just a very difficult subject to understand, of if it was the way he taught but I got an A in Calc. 2, and now I have about a C going into the final. I generally get math very easily, but some reason I would go into tests with confidence then score a C or low B. People complain about his accent, but hes not hard to understand
Is a nice but guy it will take some time to get to understand him. Organized!
Extremely easy class. Basically, you go in groups...make 2 presentations (teach half a class) the whole semester...which means the students teach the classes. Easy A, but obviously making the 2 presentations is a bit stressful. You can wing it tho and still pull an A....
If she asks for 10 sources give her 30. Easy to get the B+ but impossible to get the A.
Not a great teacher, but one of your better options for Math 1203. The poster right before me is pretty much exactly right about him. Also, unlike many of the other people who teach the course (from what I've heard repeatedly, Marlowe, for one, does not), he makes an attempt to teach.
Can be a little too picky with the answers in the problem sets. Also, sometimes you will need to apply things you haven't learned in the problems. By the time you finish answering a problem set you will have 15+ pages. Do not make the mistake I made and take him with a 18 credit load. He also repeats what he says too much.
Not bad. Kind of funny. Nice guy
He acts strict to begin with but then gives notecards and 10% curves on the 3 exams. Lots of reading and one mandatory paper for extra credit.
Spent more time studying and doing homework for his class than any other class in my life. The exams are not THAT hard, but there is so much content to know and review before it gets exhausting. Really great lectures, he makes them fun. He seems intimidating at first and is strict on his rules so follow them.
Only grade is exams. Very entertaining guy. Lots of information. Pretty difficult content.
After the first day of class you're going to try and drop because he acts super scary on purpose. Don't drop. He just acts that way so people will drop his class so he won't have so many students lol. After you stay, this prof is funny as hell! his lectures are amazing!! However, a ton of work!! and tests are really hard and SO MUCH memorizing.
Awesome guy, hella hard class. Read EVERYTHING and take notes like your life depends on it, the exams are the insanely difficult.
Definitely has an ego, favors certain students (attractive girls or people who sit in the front and smile as he babbles on about his greatness). He's disrespectful and rude, exams are EXTREMELY difficult as you get nreview. You basically take the 5 pages of notes you take per class and have to study from that. Takes pride that many students fail.
not sure what to think of him, acts like a jerk but then can be very nice. definitely will learn a lot, READ THE BOOKS or you are 110% guaranteed to fail. interesting lectures, if anything...quite a professor.
VERY hard class. Fun teacher w/ lots of knowledge but tests are difficult. You think you understand everything but you will still get a C,D(or worse) on the test. SW majors: I would suggest taking macro/micro econ. His class avg. is a C+ and he likes to make that well known. Not worth the stress.
Don't believe he cares about students or he wouldn't be setting them up for failure. I think he's just on some ego trip to be the hardest Prof at GVSU. You won't retain the memorization you did because by the time you get out of this class - you'll want it all to be a delete!
I would'nt take him, he makes the class hard! take another prof!
hard class, very interesting and fun though, groups were great
Nice and knowledgable man, but kind of dry and boring at times. All lecture.
Don't take if you get offended easily. I thought he was just a bit of a tough teacher but it he's just kind of rude and condescending. If a student doesn't under the material he will get mad at them and talk down to them in an unacceptable manner. Although his attitude didn't phase me much it made many of my classmates uncomfortable.
Took Pop Music. We barely covered music that is actually considered "pop" - we only spent, like, 10 minutes on that. Most of the class was actually about jazz, and when it wasn't, it was other old music or rock. Not really what I signed up for. The jazz concert we had to pay to attend was nice, though. Final was hard.
Everything online. Do not need to ever attend class to get an A. One concert you must attend at the end & write a page write up on. One quiz a week due every Friday. Need textbook to answer quiz questions and final.
nice, and lots of extra credits. listeng section was very hard for me.
Cohoon was a cool guy. His class was really easy and at times, due to mandatory attendance, was really boring. He brings in lots of food and makes the class enjoyable. Very much like high school. LOVED it
Thank god for the TA's. I really didn't learn much in class even though I went to almost all of them. The TA's were there every day and I used them quite a bit. The grading is nice and will help out. Not that bad but some computer knowledge will help.
Professor Nobiletti is fantastic! The course load is light compared to other classes, just make sure to do the reading and the occasionally small assignment. At the beginning of the year he even said "I want this class to be so easy that everyone gets A's! i want so many A's that its a scandal!" 1010. would take again.
interesting class, not too much work. Attendance mandatory as part of points,2 short papers,few video reviews, couple of quizzes. Lectures are long, so hard to stay focused, but subject is very interesting. Pr. seems very nice.
He is an awesome teacher i would recommend everyone take him. His classes are very interesting. You only need the class packet and one small book for the class so do not buy all the books he assigns. The final is take home and there are 6 quizzes but he drops the lowest grade. Very easy class i barely went and did not read a lot and got an A-
Liberal views, interesting discussion, but difficult to sit through 3 hours. LOTS of reading, and weekly quizzes. Essay exams, but easy to BS your way through.
tests ok,study notes and skim chpts in book.class is ok except for the giant project at the end that will make you want to die.work on spss stuff in advance as she is no help in running the statistical tests.
3 tests and a big project, tests can be confusing especially MC. Study notes and skim the chapters. Don't fall behind on the project as she won't give too much help.
Nice and pragmatic enough, but has that "I'm a writing prof" quality. Organized, passionate; he has a famous quote written on the board everyday. Very hard grader, wants you to edit/revise your work more than you'd like. An "acquired taste&
This guy is not "sweet"! He likes to make indirect slams on particular students, which is unprofessional and intolerable. I won't continue with my major if it requires me to take a class with him- I walked out on one today and so far, he's the only prof at csub I really dislike and disrespect.
U have to read a book that he the professor wrote himself. Book makes no sense. What's in his book is common sense but he wrote and requires it just so you'll have to buy it and it's not in the bookstore. Syllabus is unclear as what the assignments are and due dates unclear. Teacher really knows his stuff but should stick to teaching not writing
rigid.He has a system and he sticks to it, even if it seems to others that he is being unfair.He's part of the 'old-school' in the sense that he really makes you work for it; he won't just give you an A. He's actually an alright guy, albeit a little jaded by teaching. It's an experience all poli-sci students should have before leaving Kent State.
The man is a grammar nazi. Yes, he's bias but makes a few good points. Toughest grader I've ever had in college but made me try harder that way. Truly expects high quality stuff for a 400 class. Take the good with the bad: he makes you think despite his flaws.
easy class. no homework involved except reading. exams werent too difficult if you simply attended class and gotten a few key ideas. open note exams- but i didnt really use the notes all that much. save the tests for the final exam. bring a dictionary to the tests.
a little long winded but he realy love his subject and enjoys teaching it. Also realy likes to make sure his students understand material. do the reading, go to most classes and TAKE NOTES because his exams are OPEN NOTES!
I do not recommend taking this class online. There's a practice assignment, essay, and exam weekly (summer school). Be sure to be very specific in your essays or he might deduct points. His feedback sometimes are questions and I already had answered them in my essay. This is also a self taught class, no meetings. Tests can really affect your grade.
By far the most boring professor in the department. Tests will either make you pass or fail the class. Attendance is mandatory. His study guides are the longest thing I've ever done. Book is online. Graded on four tests and one paper. Graded hard on the paper. Offers extra credit based on attendance. The last two chapters (the final) was difficult.
Decent teacher. My biggest complaint is that he's a little slow to grade papers, and as the quarter progressed he got even slower. I know everyone is busy end of quarter, and maybe there were other circumstances causing the delay, but it got frustrating and at times made me wonder how committed he is to his online class(es).
Complete the study guides Initially I thought the tests would be the usual but believe me you will want to prep for them the paper and short notes were my strengths, the exams not so much They are confusing as he uses different terminology rather than what is actually in the book Attended his office hours, nice guy, passionate but I struggled a bit
Despite his accent he is very clear and understandable. The only reason his helpfulness is so low is because I did independent study work with him and didn't have to check in very often since I understood what I was supposed to do. When I did speak with him he made sure that we were on the same page.
Class is alright, alot of whats on the quizes you are pretty much to read about on your own, then after the quizes he give the info. Unorganized lectures. Not too much work (unless you wait last minute to do your paper). Only gives one research paper. Quiz/exam questions could have various answers so make sure you know what he wants. Overall fair.
Very knowledgeable on the subject of history, but has an agenda of spreading his thoughts, extreme liberal and makes it known. Is a bit unclear on the quizes. You must work very hard for your grade.
Boring at times but grades pretty easy - lots of group work and writing
Other users seem to think that he doesn't do anything, but the Play Production class is not for students new to the theatre production thing. If he were to manage every little thing, what would happen to the people who would be in publicity, stage management, lights and sound, or any other backstage job? He gives others that opportunity to learn.
Mrs. Simmons is an EASY A to pass. Although, those who don't have a computer, she will give your paper a LATE grade if not turned in on time EVEN THOUGH you may not have a computer at home. She often assigns a project from the book w/ like 100 pgs and the next day, that project is DUE!
This class was horrible. In the beginning of the semester when he is going over what to expect for the class he is going to refer to this site and all his bad comments and counteract them to make himself look good. Fact of the matter is, although he seems funny it gets real annoying after awhile. On top of that, his essays are impossible!
He's the best history professor. No need to memorize facts but he gets you thinking about why that event matters in history. The midterm and final was a bit hard since there wasn't really a clear instruction. The prompt is "the greater truth about.." He was a fun and interesting teacher. didn't get bored in his class! :]
Had Ysursa at Univ. of Redlands a few years ago and wanted to share my opinion, a great professor, extremely passionate about history and a really funny and entertaining professor. Not the most accessible or helpful when it comes to one-on-one help, but a fantastic professor nonetheless.
he teaches a lot with analogies, which i found very helpful. He allows a cheatsheet for the exams, it was a really fun class and made me enjoy history for the first time!
Class is interesting and filled with analogies. Teacher is nice and very good at what he does, but sometimes expects too much from the students. Way too much work for the final!
Funny, kept me away at 8 in the morning. He relates this to real life to help you understand it. I actually thought it was kinda easy and I hate history.
im a hist. major, class was a waste of time, forced to learn irrelavant terms
OmiGod! He is pretty HOT! I can't concentrate in class...
very difficult and expects a lot but good class and nice guy
He was pretty good, the best history teacher I've had at SDSU so far.
He has a dirty mouth and a very dirty mind, but suprisingly I found him to be very likeable and approachable. I found the subject matter for his class to be extremely interesting. Good class to take for a humanity elective.
easiest teacher in world, but it'll hurt you in later classes cuz you learn nuttin :|
She's very unorganized but do the assignments and you're going to get at LEAST a B. She does mean well.
As a teacher she is good but as a person ... Not a nice one to talk to.
When asked for clarifications on the final project, she just tells you to read the rubric. Unfortunately, it's vague. No tests except the midterm and final, which are essay tests with no real way to study beforehand. Tough course.
nice, but very tough, 92%=B as an example, learn lots and fun, but...hard.
Very nice, and excellent once you figure out what he wants
Very nice and down to earth. Very talented.
Funny and nice guy, however takes off an absurd amount of points for very minute mistakes, every time you make them. I am a CS major and ended up getting a C in this class because of that. Pay VERY close attention to little details when turning in work.
Visual Basic Prog... very dry sense of humor... lectures lack enthusiasm
I felt this class was extremely hard. Suzanne was very fair, but there was too much homework, and not enough clear explanations. I am taking a full course load, and didn't have enough time to spend on figuring out the homework problems.
Easy grader. You can retake anything. Easy A. Problem is he is maybe the most boring person Ive seen in my entire life. Schedule your sleeping time during his class.
Very nice guy but from my (limited) experience you won't get your money's worth from his class. CS290 was easy but the course quickly lost focus (we started doing random installations) and he began showing up late to lectures habitually.
Nice guy. Incredibly disorganized. Consistently showed up ~5 minutes late to class, and was more than half an hour late to labs on at least 3 occasions despite the fact that his previous class was 5 minutes away. VERY lenient, allowing you to wait 'till end of semester to turn in assignments, and let us give ourselves a grade at the end.
It's hard not to like this guy, despite his lack of effectiveness as an instructor. An incredibly nice person, he's willing to spend hours with you in his office -- hope you've got the time, or can teach yourself from a book!
His teaching methods are a little out of the norm but I enjoyed the class
Tests are crazy hard but the curve saves you. He will help you whenever you need it. Going to class gets you into review but class is like death he talks and talks all the way up to the last second. Hes a good guy though
good guy- but class is so boring, the material is painful to even look at and his tests are friggin' hard and filled with tricks....i just hope i get above a D so i can move on and never look at finance ever again
Nice enough guy. Not an easy subject to teach to many students who don't want to be there. I thought it was tough back in the early 90s but he had review sessions back then and it did help. It looks like not much has changed.
I took it as a sophomore and was not ready for the amount of content that was about to be covered. VERY lecture-heavy. I was failing both lecture and lab for the first two months until I started making Anatomy my whole life. Be ready to study like never before. However, Anatomy was wonderful to learn, and I plan to become a TA soon.
This course is very difficult, especially when combined with lab but if you make it your life then you will succeed. Take diligent notes from the textbook for both lab and lecture, study in groups, attend office hours as much as possible, and never stop studying. Content wise, not very difficult but the amount of content is hard.
Lectures can be long and class communication is rough. That said; this man is a great professor and incredibly insightful if you actually care about chemistry. I'm guessing the people that rated him poorly did not do well in any other chemistry classes they took, which has nothing to do with the professor just lack of effort from them.
Ken will be happy to help and encourage you if you pin him down.
This is the most condesending pompous teacher you'll ever have. She talks down to students and tries to make students feel like they are dumb & she knows everything and is always right. If your a CH major, you'll have her no matter what so your stuck. non-majors, beware. Avoid at all costs. FYI- takes attendance, gives quizes, tests are essay
Really funny guy, he makes lectures enjoyable with humor. His tests are surprisingly on the harder side compared to what you feel you covered in lectures so watch out for that. Only 4 exams throughout class and online assignments that take like 10 mins each. but like i said exams are on the harder side, definitely can't wing it.
This was by far the hardest psychology class I have taken. Signed up for the class thinking I would get to learn cool stuff about memory, but we really focused on boring LTP and eyeblink conditioning. Exams are very specific and she expects you to remember every single detail. The curve did not help much since the highest grade was a 97%.
Knowledgeable and experienced veteran of the real business world. Not such a great teacher. He obviously has a wealth of knowledge, but isn't so great at communicating nor testing students grasp of this knowledge. Bad lectures and bad tests.
not bad at all
These are the words of gary sailes: "if you want it, i can make it happen." this was my email to him: "because of (an activity i'm involved in) i can't make it office hours but would like to talk to you about this." thus, his response: "i don't do appointments." that really says it all, a bunch of self-promoting talk with no care to back it up.
Accounting is definitely not my thing. This was the hardest class I took this semester. I think there should be a small amount of extra credit or less weight given to the 4 exams. Especially since the before curve average on one was a 75. This is a hard subject. Be ready for a ton of reading.
The coursepacks used in class are supposed to be filled in during class. So if you miss class for whatever reason, she structures the coursepacks in such a way that it makes it extremely difficult (if not impossible) to learn the material on your own. My A202 teacher didn't try to further screw students who missed class... not sure why she does.
Tony is difficult to peg. I had him this semester and found him to be very kind and funny, previous semesters have been different. I think he does take his students serious, so that is a plus. His book came out this year, so I think he was a bit more laid back: he was helpful, humorous, and provided the class with food and honesty.
He wrote EVERYTHING that would be on the test on the blackboard for us. Word for word he wrote everything out, diagrams, definitions, what the answer would be to short essay questions. He would tell us a couple of days before the test. Just study = A+
Nice guy, grades kinda tough but leaves comments on graded papers. Class wasn't hard, lets you do your papers on the topics you chose. Easier class than most other AWR classes at UT.
He did say 'um' a lot. But his course 'the examined life' was, in my opinion, a very good introductory philosophy course. the more interested one is in the subject the more they will like senchuk.
Dr. Obertino has a bad reputation because students aren't willing to work for their grades in his class. Being an English major helps because he definitely grades tough, but coming out of that class with an A felt like I really deserved it.
People either love him or hate him. I enjoyed his class more than I expected to, his humor helped. Just keep up with the reading.
I've had Dr. O for 3 classes. I was scared the first time I had him because he is intimidating and kinda new age-y. But, once that class was over, I realized that through his eccentricities, I learned a great deal.
This class is worse than an enema of razor blades and nails at its best. Its more of can we chase you away from being a psychology major?!? :(
His lectures are fun, but his grading was hands down the toughest part of my semester. I've taken nearly a dozen history courses, and most had been open to other viewpoints. Professor Knupfer was not. If I wanted to score highly on my papers, I had to write and practically regurgitate his opinion back at him. It was fun, but disappointing overall.
Pretty good guy. He usually has an open discion at beging of class about current events which is nice becasue its better than lectruring the whole time. Tests and assigments can be somewhat diffcult, but there is usually a huge curve, which is always good. I Defianlty recomend this class and the teacher, you will defiantly learn alot and have fun
I loved having her as an instructor. She was mostly clear and easy to understand. Her test's and exam's were pretty easy too.
easy teacher, doesnt really care about attendance, tells you whats on the test. drop the lowest test.. you get out early and never stay the whole time. She tells random stories off subject and doesnt really teach well, moves fast. Didnt learn anything...still hate math
The trick to make an A is simply to read the book, attend lecture (she keeps you in class with quiz/homework grades), and make good use of lab time and your TA. Know basic trig/geo. High test grades = final exemption. Lecture = boring, right from book. She'll keep you until after class, so get ready to miss the bus if you take it.
whoever said dr. meek treats all students fairly must have dropped his class. i continually got points counted off for answers that were exactly the same as everyone else's correct answers.
An easy A class especially if you enjoy the programs used. The books are a MUST, entire class is based off the text. An older lady, but definitely knows Illustrator and Photoshop. Easy to talk to, helps with classes you should take in the future as well. Probably would be fine taking the class online than on campus.
She is the nicest lady but she doesn't really know what she's teaching anymore. She will give you an A on every assignment that you do and she will make sure that you pass, just don't ask questions because she does not have an answer!
Expert in his field--he really knows his stuff. Class will be very interesting for those who bother to attend. grading is extremely difficult, however, he relies on his ta's for much of the grading, which leads to subjective standards.
He seems more geared toward small classes. I was in that big class everyone is complaining about. The back 2/3 of the class all seemed to flunk. The poeple in front did fine. Hmmm. Also, he had a hard time communicating which of his points were most important to study for the test. Again, I'd recommend him in a small class, NOT a large one.
Very hard...does not like to give extra credit...likes to give you essays that are worth no credit and all his tests are essays..so if you like essays and quizzes go for it..but otherwise steer clear.
Lectures are extremely boring. I tried so many days to stay awake in that class but was not successful. The exams are multiple guess as he would say. Easy B. If you have some knowledge of western civ going in, then an A isn't extremely difficult either.
Boring class, I never went to class after the first test and made an A. He gives a 6 point curve on all 3 tests and the tests seem to come out of the textbook so reading is a must. He seemed really full of himself, and thought himself clever with his hoplite beer joke so much so that it was a bs answer choice on at least 10 questions a test. easy A
Funny accent (speech impedement?) class was pretty easy, but stressfull.
While Swedenburg is an amazing professor, very opinionated, and various other things, the class lacks when it comes to oranization. The syllabus is often disregarded when it comes to assignment descriptions and due dates, papers and assignments are pushed forward by days, emails with assignment details are never sent.
The reading was very scholarly, not for us farmer types. Subject matter was interesting, enjoyed the alternate point of view. The Prof does ramble, so deffinitely read and ask questions in class. Colorful language, delicate ears need not apply. It was a challenge writing the papers because I dont follow closely what is popular in consumer culture
AH...Self-absorbed. Loves to hear himself talk. Class was on a Tuesday, so yes, it was slow. I'd recommend taking other culture classes from some of the other Professors.
My roommate tried to talk me out of taking Hoyt. I thought that "He's the most boring person I have ever met, period" was a bit of an exaggeration. Well, the class was easy. The A is virtually guaranteed if you put forth minimal effort. But my roommate was not mistaken in the slightest.
Hoyt is an extremely intelligent guy and a relatively easy grader. However, he is dismissal of his male students and one who should have been forced into retirement several years ago for his transgressions. The stories of gender bias and "follow-through" almost give ex-professor mark corey a run for his money.
John is very disorganized when leading a class. In my experience, he has trouble communicating his thoughts to a large group, and when too many people try to figure out what he wants, he gets frustrated. I had really amazing classmates that made this course worth it, but take this class at your own risk
This teacher tends to talk a lot. She spends over half the time talking about chemistry, so that's nice. But be prepared to have your inbox flooded with ridiculously long emails about winters and how she feels about pens and pencils and pointless stuff you'll never read.
I'm not really sure how I got an A, but somehow I did. She replaces the lowest test grade and she needs to. Her tests are crap-tastically hard..my goodness. Her jokes would get quite a chuckle in a nursing home or Organic Chemists conference but not in a college class.
hard class and she does a decent job of helping you out. doesn't feel very approachable but maybe she is.
Britton is fun and if you pay attention he always makes sense. grading system is highest score = 100 so since no one aces his tests your grade is higher than your score.
Stapp is something else. While I respect his passion for economics, this class has guaranteed the fact that I will not be majoring in econ. The first test will destroy your grade and you'll dig out of it for months. Smart guy but also arrogant and condescending at times. Rewrite your notes and memorize every single graph.
I hated her. You could tell she loved dance but she took everything to seriously. I would never take her again! Once you're on her bad side she hates you and wont listen to you. HORRIBLE teacher!
she's kind of a crazy older lady but i think she's great!
Creative Arts with her is the worst. She singles people out and you're learning things you will never use. It's a completely pointless class and playing the recorder just makes it even worse.
Professor Boger is a great man, I was struggling hard in his Java class, He saw I was struggling with all the homework I had, it was my senior year, I was greatly overwhelmed. The man extended all my projects to be due by the end of the year because he thought the professors overwhelmed me; God Bless this mans soul really saved my ass senior year.
Great teacher, very nice guy. Had him for almost all my computer science courses between 1990 and 1994. Only fault I remember is his tendency to go off topic.
Had him as my prof for a few computer classes in 1993 to 1994, when he was just new. Nice guy, seemed a bit shy.
Be prepared to take notes at lighting speed from an overhead projector *SHUDDER* All stuff you probably should have learned in your high school chemistry classes but have totally forgot about. Don't mess around in lecture or you will get called out and it's terrifying. She can be funny too, but also has a mean side. Stay on the good side!
I love Ellen Siu. She has a sarcastic sense of humor, which I love, and get her alone and she's amazing. Really enjoyed her all semester.
Professor Siu was very good and I easily got an A. It may have been because I took Chemistry previously in high school, but overall, CHM 109 is a fairly easy class to get an A. She lets you drop your 2 lowest quizes and lets you do test corrections giving you extra credit on every test. Lectures are boring but chemistry isn't that exciting overall.
Her exam questions were fair. At the beginning of class she does some housekeeping to make sure that everyone knows if there is an exam coming up. I really liked her as a prof, and she was cheery during class. It is true though that she isn't the best at answering questions, but in my experience, the questions were things that she just said.
woudlnt take her unless you had to. barrows is much better. makes you feel stupid if you ask questions in lecture. somewhat fast with notes. dont bother with the book. go to lecture... OWL questions are awful & she puts questions on tests to purposely trick you. really hard work will get you a C.
She is very nice but I agree that she does make you feel stupid if you come to her office with a question that you just don't understand. I found myself just telling her I got it know because she wasn't really helping me to get to the answer.
She was adequately helpful during chemistry labs and is easy to talk to.
IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR GRADE THEN RUN! I learned a lot but still failed her exams. Did great on quizzes but not exams... She freely admits that she puts "trick questions" on them. RUN NOW!
Helpful during office hours, kind of babbles, goes of on tangents
Incredibly out of touch with the students. Pretty easy.
Really interesting topic matter it taught, but only small attempts are made to have the information stick in your brain. Topics will be brought up and delt with swiftly, where more elaboration could probably be used. He's there for help though if needed.
I took Mass Comm class online and it was awesome. It only required a journal entry every week (they can't be done all at once, has to be one every week) and "learning sites" which are just websites you have to read a blurb on and then answer 2-5 questions about what you read. There were 143 of them but you can complete them any time. Easy! Nice guy
She's very peppy and excited about art. For exams you pretty much had to match the sculptor with their work. Easy class and actually kind of interesting. I'm an accounting major and I found it interesting. No joke. She does take a long time to grade things. Three exams and one paper. Super easy. You can even get exempt from the final.
he will seriously talk the entire period about the same damn thing!ZZZzz,conventionsofreading?more like poetry 101 class is super boring, he grades pretty fairthough,however there is a paper due like every week, he's not the worstbut look for some other professor first though.
A very good teacher, there for you when you need help, willing to help form study groups and participate in them. Lectures were always cut short and never fully covered the material. Funny and passionate about psychology it shows. Class was always cut short, have extra time on your hands. I passed the class with a 3.0, study her lecture cards!
Like listening to someone read the textbook to you. Boring. Good grader.
Cannot understand him. I'm guessing he's Indian, and his accent is so thick, I have so much trouble trying to figure out what he's saying! Only way is thru slides & the textbook.
DROP THIS CLASS! You will have no one to blame but yourself. This absolutely might be the worst teacher I've ever had. I could go on forever but won't. This message is a warning to you that I learned the hard way, please heed.
Nice lady when the class participates and does not talk while she is talking... kinda unorganized... but quizzes and tests are not too bad.... most quiz questions are the same exact questions on the test. Also has 3 minor projects (pretty easy) that you get to work in groups or alone on.
wow this is a difficult class if you get behind on the reading....wait its still difficult if your up on the reading...not so much the prof. fault as it is the amount of information presented in the short quarter...
He lectures the entire period, and after a while it gets really boring and you want to fall asleep. It is sometimes interesting but you kind of have to force yourself to stay up and listen.
Ault is good prof who loves to lecture. He likes to get the students invovled in his lectures and encouages them to voice a opinion. My biggest problem with the class was doing the assingned readinds. Some of it was very difficult to comprehend. Midterm and final were all essay questions I hate that.
I graduated two years ago with a poli sci minor. 380 was hard and did suck, but Dr. Ault was absolute eye candy. Without his looks I would have slept my way through this class.
Her midterms are super easy, she lets you rank your answers so even if you didn't choose the correct answer you can still get some points. She let's you know what the short questions are going to be about, so you are more than prepared.
Be ready to write a ridiculous amount of (lengthy) papers. She grades them very weirdly and harshly. The only reason I passed with an A- was because it was online. Good luck 
Lots of reading. Assignments are tough and graded as such.
Professor Pratt is extremely qualified for her profession. Its clear she knows her material and she knows how to teach it. Her class was very interesting ad her tests were VERY easy (Open Book). Her essays were more difficult but she explains in great detail what she wants from you. I would definatly take another class with her :)
Pretty unique teacher, The guest speakers were fun and not to much work. She is nice to all. But only downfall when you ask a qustion it takes her forever to reply and sometimes its not the answer you want but besides that I would request her!
Dr. Adolino is extremely helpful in office hours, however the multiple choice on her exams can be extremely confusing and she is very unclear about reading assignments, often only saying "be sure to have this book read by next class" without any prior warning. Lectures are long and often a bit dry. Great person, not a good class.
Professor Adolino is a vault of knowledge in comparative politics. She knows the information really well. That said, she is the most boring teacher I have ever had. hands down. She can't go for 5 minutes without referencing something to the UK government. Exams are moderately difficult.
Extremely smart lady with interesting things to say. Midterm and Final with 3 papers. Posts slides AFTER lecture. Assigned books are interesting. Material seemed straightfoward but I was suprised to get a B on the midterm.
Class is easy to follow and sit through, tests are an even mix from sources.
When he says "vvvv......g" make sure to learn that problem. As far as quizzes he basically tells you what is going to be on there. Tests know all the quizzes and problems he specifies. He really sucks on grammar and the stupid sig. figs. Know your definitions.
He believes he is the best professor in the world, really a very bully person.
If you take Plagues and Peoples, make sure you READ AND ATTEND LECTURE. They touch on BOTH very much. Dr. Moe and Dr. Rink are awesome teachers, will answer any question you have, but grade pretty harshly. I may as well have fed my paper to my dogs. With that said, I thought this was a very interesting class.
Dr. Flachmann was a great teacher. He graded our essays with such great detail allowing us successful on the following tests. Flachmann DOES have his favorites, but these people are only people that come to class and actually care. We did a community service project..easy..record a video..easy..and took three tests(just read the plays!!)
Dr. Flachman's class is rather easy so long as you READ the assigned books and attend HIS study group sessions, his prior student's sessions aren't AS helpful. His course load is very light. He really cares for his honor students passionately. Opt for his research project final, he likes you better :).
Dr. Spiegel definitely has a bad reputation. The grading scale is set up so that exams are very important, but the final exam is worth a huge part of your final grade. The exams and quiz es require you to think like him, and his grammar and syntax makes questions unintelligible sometimes.
Taken during COVID, so experience may be diff. Exams are somewhat confusing, but all needed material is covered in the lecture. Many complain, but I appreciated being forced to think outside the box and search for answers.
Honestly I thought his class was fairly easy he assigned homework and a quiz every week but gave a reasonably amount of time to complete it. The quiz was based on the DVDs he would show and the homework was always based on an example that he went over in class. I hardly touched my book, it would have been better if he went over the quizzes though
Knew what he was talking about, just didn't clue us in.
Dr. Moore is challenging. Our class has recently been noticing a major change in her character/approach. She is a bit more condescending and unapproachable this quarter. Her expectations are vague and at times it seems as if she's trying to instill critical thinking skills but more often than not it feels as if she is purposefully misleading us.
She is extremely knowledgeable, engaging, and respectful. She does wanders, but usually relates to the subject matter at hand. Not the easiest professor, much work + reading, makes you work for your grades. I've learned much, and find her efforts supportive to my needs. I really like her, thinks she is a gem in the program.
Good teacher, really knows her stuff. Serious about participations points. I missed two nights and that knocked me down to a A-.
The previous comments are all pretty accurate. His tests are indeed difficult and require that you know the material extremely well. They are all open-book, but don't get too excited because none of the answers can be found there. Despite this, he still goes down as one of my favorite teachers ever. Get your tickets to the Ted Weinheimer show NOW!
Very, very boring class. Tried to get into it, but had to fight to stay awake during lecture. Generally only attended on days where essays were due. Stay on top of the readings, remember the basic events of the novel, and you can bs your way through a 5-page essay.
I felt like i was taking a class on buddhism, not comparative religion. Class not that bad...get involved in discussion, and he'll respect you. Hard to know what was gonna be on the final because all we did was write 3 papers, and we didn't have much prep
Tests were difficult but not impossible. Lectures were boring. Odd guy.
Helpful outside of class, pretty knowledgeable of his topic, and doesn't really care if you turn in homework a day late. However, isn't great about explaining what you did wrong on tests/homework, and classes are always extremely low-energy. Decent teacher for math majors, not so much for people just taking a gen ed with him.
Casper likes to call out students in the class which makes it more fun, but keep your head down so he won't do it to you. Papers were hard and you are in direct competition with the best cinema students in the nation. Will not be an easy A for a GESM. Films were interesting but lectures were long and repetitive, maybe go for a different class.
Lectures are entertaining and the movies he has chosen for the class are great to watch. Grades are completely dependent on who your TA is. Sure, Casper is respected at SCA but he only thinks that he is right and can come off as a jerk. He is not receptive to new opinions and treats his staff very poorly which reflects on his true character.
Unless you are really into cinema, movie making, and all that jam you are going to hate this class. It consists of a 2 hour lecture followed immediately by a 2 hour movie. Lectures start off really interesting but after some weeks they get super boring and repetitive; you still have to show up or you won't understand anything and fail the exams.
Amazing Professor. Attendance is not mandatory. 2 Essays, a Midterm, Final and participation in discussion. The essays can be hard. Lectures are long. Type out the notes outline before hand, it will help a lot. No use in reading the books (he even says so). Go into office hours with your TA. easy Bhard A
Scorsese was a good class. A little harder than the 300 level Crit. Studies courses because there is no discussion. Very independent with 25% devoted to everything. Didn't need to read books to answer test questions. Tests differed from 190 because you couldn't drop a question. Overall, great course. Could be challenging if you're not in SCA.
If you like eccentric entertainment while learning at the same time, Casper is for you! But DON'T raise your hand unless you're ready to be GRILLED, or unless you're not phased being picked on in a theater full of students. You learn a lot and get plenty of amusement. Recommended to any SC student.
His classes are definitely a performance, and watching a movie after every lecture is fun. You only need the blue course reader for CTCS 190, don't bother with the Film Art book. Some say that the TA's are snobbish, but I thought they graded pretty lightly. Just don't answer any of his questions during lectures unless you're sure the answer's right.
As mean spirited and demeaning as Casper is, he does know his stuff, and he has impeccable taste in film. You must be careful with him, because the moment you open yourself up or go out on a limb with a thought, is the moment he demeans you for the class's entertainment. Definitely not a nurturing professor, but still a vastly knowledgeable one.
Prof. Casper is insane, but that's what makes the class fun. His energy and passion will keep you entertained. Exams can be difficult because it's hard to know what he expects. Papers are at your TA's discretion.
He knows so much about film and is a fun lecturer. Though, it is really scary when he walks down the rows and randomly calls on you. Otherwise, he's very entertaining.
The class was fun. You get to watch movie clips. Fun, right? The reading load is very reasonable, although there is a sizable amount of information to memorize. I expected to enjoy the class because I like music, and he did not ruin my excitement, which says something.
I really liked this professor. You can use your notes for his quizzes/test, never gives homework and very easy.
He's okay. Almost gave me an incomplete because he couldn't find my final exam. Other than that, he seems like a funny dude. I took him online
Very funny teacher! Helpful as well.
I have had him twice, and I loved him. His lectures, although sometimes boring, are funny when he cracks jokes about himself and the president. Gives take home tests, tries to make the class as easy as he can.
He is hard and uses constructive criticism but it's only because he's trying to make you a better dancer. Come to class, write in your notebook, and KNOW THE DANCE TO A TEE, it's your exam! He takes nervousness into consideration though he should grade those who have danced longer on a harder scale vs. beginners.
Mr. Johnson is a great teacher and perfectionist. I am a dance major and I took his tap, jazz, and ballet classes. The classes are very easy. What they need to do is make more advanced classes for the peope that have danced longer can have a challenge. Auditions need to be held.
He is great teacher but hard at times and doesn't really correct you as much as I would like.
I started out the semester not really liking this class because it required mainly just watching lectures and then having to take your own notes for the test. No homework, no quizzes, just 3 tests. The first test I did terrible, but then when I started trying a bit harder and taking good notes it got a lot easier. Just pay attention you'll be good.
Homework is just reading a couple of pages, which is great. When you need clarification on notes or have a question, she will explain it in the most confusing way, and will go off topic or ramble to the point where you forget what the question even was. Her handwriting is atrocious, but she will clarify. Rarely gives As, which is disappointing.
Class is super boring, I would suggest you bring a laptop to keep you from falling asleep. TERRIBLE HANDWRITIG. Terrible grader, I think she just guesses a grade. Overall an easy class but attendence is mandatory.
Good teacher, slight accent but still easy to understand. Makes the subject rather interesting considering what it was.
teacher is nice, but boring, grades hard in non-sws class
He was okay. He didn't use Canvas, so we had to email him all our assignments, which left me feeling uneasy that he wouldn't notice them with the tons of other emails he was surely receiving. We had to write discussion questions for each chapter worth 10% of our grade, but he never gave feedback on them so I wasn't sure if mine were good enough.
Cool guy but would not recommend as a professor just because he goes off topic for 60% of his lectures about his own life and his family and it's very boring and annoying. Extremely nice and caring guy though.
Talks a lot about his family. Not sure how his examples relate to book. Pay attention to PowerPoint for tests. Does let you use a "cheat sheet" for tests. Pay attention to clicker questions. Written papers might want to go through MWL before turning in.
For Media Law, all tests were online and taken at home. There were 4 tests and no homework so your grade is only based off of that. For about 3 weeks he took attendance then didn't again. Not a bad professor, but all he did was lecture and it got somewhat old.
His class was pretty interesting & enjoyable and to be honest I didn't attend much of his lectures because he gives us study guides. I think he grades too nicely and sometimes I can't contact him via email. But work is self explanatory.
Interesting fellow. His DBase class is infuriating because you can work like crazy on the project + a 75-100pg report, and he'll still fail you. Over half of the class is wasted on theory. I gained respect for him while taking his Java and Senior Sem classes though. Recently (07-08) he has tried to make his expectations a little more realistic.
Awesome teacher i have ever had .... funny stories ..and he will let you love the subject
He is not that bad of an instructor. I am glad he his considered to be hard. Most of the people taking his course are going on in the medical field, who wants someone that does not know what they are doing working on them? Plan on studying about 15 hrs. a week and do not fall behind. Because of getting a high A in his class I now tutor A&P.
He's tough, but the students are crybabies. Would you want someone working on you at the ER who didn't understand basic biology? He gives you a chance to reviiew exams ahead of time also. So these students need to quite complaining.
This professor is very egotistical and you can learn to HATE him. However his class is based on 5 "quizzes" which are really tests because they're worth 104 pts each. The final is the 5th quiz but its worth 208 pts. you get to drop 2 of the lowest quiz grade and each lec there is a 3pt quiz. i started out with a low D and ended up with a B+
Confusing...always talks about stuff that you will never need to know for the test...pretty easy class though
He's alright. He grades you on 3 exams, with 10 multiple choice questions each exam. He also grades you with a few online quizzes, and that's about it. His mysterious curve can be helpful, but this is still one of those terrible business courses. Overall he's okay.
Definately has experience and knows his stuff. makes you work. got a little sassy a few times this semester though. Did learn from him, but there were a few times where I felt he expected more from us than he taught-- that could just be part of his style.
Good prof but disliked the class... hated the topic and he seemed really into the thesis students work than anyone else's... he knows his stuff though..
Pretty easy class and only a few assignments. You do two papers (one by yourself and one group) and two presentations. Doesn't put grades online so it's hard to tell how you're doing. She grades pretty easily but isn't always clear about assignments. Usually just emails assignment the day before it's due.
Ms. Fox is a saint. 1 group research paper and 1 solo research paper. Show some interest in the subject you're writing about and you automatically get an A. Pick an easy/simple topic and the grade will reflect. You will be graded more on whether or not you try rather than your ability to write. Easy A and yeah class gets cancelled a lot
lets class out early a lot, lots of conferences, not all that helpful.
Definatly plays favorties, and she isn't real clear on assignment due dates and keeping everyone focused. Nice person, but CRAZY class.
Only problem with her is she plays obvious favorites. Not too bad overall
Very knowledgeable. Tries to appear a little much so when selecting some word choice. To someone outside of this major he comes off as sort of a dork. I think that he's very biased towards the females in class that actually are sort of attractive. I don't know if there's some extracurricular activity going on behind the scenes but it appears so
Very fun and easy course. Lots of supporting materials and simple to follow format.
I put that she's a tough grader but here's why- it's not that she's actually tough on anything and she doesn't even check homework even though it's assigned every night. But on tests and graded assignments she will take off on very petty things like not being specific enough, being too specific, or showing too much work.
Phillippi was a decent professor and made sure that if you had a question it was answered as best she could in class. Her Student Assistants all knew what they were talking about and were ready to help and had great hours. Phillippi makes conversation out of the class and helps the class learn from other mistakes.
People get the difficulty of this class confused with the effectiveness of the teacher. She really teaches this topics in the clearest way possible, the class itself just goes against everything taught in elementary school. So for the class she teaches, she does it well. The class itself, is challenging.
wow, she really knows how to make 3rd grade math tricky and confusing. Ide say dont take her if you can help it, but if ur IDLS major, ur basically screwed for 2 semesters having her. Learn to kiss @ss and do what she says, it will make ur life much easier.
unclear in much of her teaching. hard class. would not recommend.
plan on many hours in math lab, way too fast, tests are hard long and tricky
She's tough, but makes Calculus seem a little more simple
She's easy to follow and very helpful
Get ready to work way harder than you did in 241 and 242. Absolutely go to every class for the handouts and read the textbook or you will fail. Class is honestly enjoyable though, professor Gabbin does make class enjoyable and the time always goes by quick. Goodluck
I am an accounting major who barely passed this class. I know this class in general is hard but class averages on tests were between 50s and 60s. Wouldn't be so bad if he curved things but since the only grades are the 4 tests and 4 pop quizzes (which are almost impossible to get 10/10s on). I liked him as a person, not a teacher. Funny dude though
Gabbin is hard! Group tests which are very challenging. Pop quizzes. Homework is not graded but strongly encouraged. One project. Curved grading scale (an 88 is in the A range). You will be overprepared for the final. Very funny and energetic teacher. My favorite at JMU!
he is better than dr. riordan. if u read b4 class, listen to the lectures, study the chapter, do the hw, practice and know it, u will do good. dont goto his office hrs unless u know what ur doing. oh, know how to spell ur name backwards? thats how much u want to know the material.
Gabbin is awesome! I have had him for the past 2 semesters and got a B both times- without studying constantly. He doesn't randomly take points away- we had a test the week you could drop classes and he just tried to get grades up as quickly as possibly so people would know if they should drop- most people's grades went up after.
Nice guy. Fairly intelligent and always helpful. Yet he allows many of the students to give ridiculous and childish comments on novels and writers without being more strict with his criticisms. many of the people in his class are mediocre though
I thought she was nice, until she called me out in front of the whole class for getting answers right. Make sure she counts you present, because she didn't give credit when deserved. Pretty much the loneliest hag I've ever met.
lectures are boring, doesn't take attendence, and does occasionally cancel classes. Be forewarned that when he assigns essays and says that all you need to do is to answer the question, what he means is answer it in a four page essay.
smart ass sent from hell, exams are very difficult
He's an OK professor. Test were tough but I always made a B with the curve he gives. Lots of connect assignments which suck and clicker questions for participation. Overall not a bad professor and I would take him again.
Tests are very tricky and most questions have similar answers that seem right. He covers so much info(6 chapters) for each test (4 tests), & it is so hard to remember every small detail for the nit picky tests. On top of a ton of studying, I wasted endless hours of my life doing the connect assignments and learned nothing from them. NEED the book.
Great professor. Class can get somewhat boring at times since it is all lecture. Do practice tests online before taking test and will do fine on the test. Has extra credit surveys. Take little time and add 2 points to average.
Good instructor -- energetic and inspiring -- but does grade very subjectively. It's like he decides what he wants to give you, and then finds a way to get there. Seems to use grading as a way to motivate rather than reward students.
I really hope I get to work with her again. She was one of the first times I really had fun at each class. I improved my writing with her,and she makes improving your writing fun too.Great sense of humor.Also respects other's opinions,very important in any writing class like this.Anyone who doesnt like her doesnt know what they are talking about.
She's nice to most, but don't get on her bad side. I've definatly had alot worse.
Great Professor. His classes will both challenge your understanding of religion as well as expand your horizons. Take home test are difficult make sure you stay on topic and explain clearly.
I've had her for several classes and I am so happy to not ever have a class with her again. Yes, she picks favorites and once you're in the category, try not to get out(like me!) or all things change. Her tests and quizzes are EXTREMELY nit-picky and don't relate to the overall subject matter. Her work isn't that hard, she's just not a great pers
class is very demanding and time consuming, need better communcation b/t instructor and WRC, everytime I took an article to WRC i did worse than those i didn't have 'edited' VERY full of energy
Crane, is a kind man. I recommend attending all his lectures and take good notes for that would be the only way to be successful on his weekly quizzes (all essay form). In the beginning it was hard trying to figure out his criteria for grading (not very clear) but once you figure that out you will be ok - or at least pass. Very writing heavy.
Very nice, enthusiastic and obviously loves teaching. No textbook, mandatory attendance. Only problem is his rambling. Simple stories are dragged out and examined in ridiculous detail, some not even pertaining to anything you are learning. Hope you don't need to be anywhere right after class because he WILL consistently go over alloted time!
Very sweet woman, but you are highly mistaken if you take any senior seminar with her and assume it will be about psychology. Her classes are discussion based, but all you can really discuss is how she feels about either the liberal agenda, feminism, or the environment. There are no assignments other than 4 10+ page papers, and a TON of reading.
Nice lady. Teaches 107 like you are in middle school. Opportunity for extra credit. Not too tough.
When I'm lying in bed at night trying to go to sleep, I just picture his monotone voice in my head and I'm asleep in seconds.
I took this b/c I thought I might want to minor in POLS. Well that was a mistake. Even though I got an A this was a huge pain in the rear the whole time. Tons of long boring readings by philosophers like Plato. Only became fun when we got to Rousseau, Locke, etc. Basically a harder Journey of Transformation. Avoid if you're not a POLS student.
If you ask for help she is available via email or office hours. She says things like "I have given you too much" in assignments. She has C++ programs in word document which I found annoying. In labs and assignments, small mistakes will make it difficult to get an 'A' but you can make it up with the test which I found real easy.
Class is easy. Every week: 1 discussion post (min. 200 words) and 1 article reflection (min 300 words). There are quizzes some weeks too. They are super easy. Final project at end of semester. EASY!
Took her last semester thought i would comment saw people having the same issues i had. If she doesn't grade your stuff she will end up giving a B which i found stupid. I think its because she is lazy. I got my grade changed through the Dean but it was a mess. I do not suggest this women people are crazy. Yes easy but difficult to deal with teacher
Class was long and boring. Nothing but speakers after the first few weeks. Made you dread the class unbearably. Teachers showed no care for students or about the class. ONly reason to take this is for GPA boost but C's get degrees.
Awful! It will make you never wanna use a computer, much less microsoft again. Tons of unnecessary busy work!! Seriously, i thought it would be a good elective because i'm great on a computer, no no no, don't take it inless its required!
You get more out of the textbook, bo-o-oring, not helpful at all
This course got me my first job out of college. I will always appreciate her work even though the subject matter is tough unless you have a very good statistics background.
We called him "Weird Al" and he didn't get mad! Great sense of humor.
this man loves to talk about his kids! overall he made it a good class.
Nice Guy. Very Knowledgable. Sometimes rambles and is unclear. OK Professor.
Professor Reiter is a complete boss. He knows his stuff. Students complain about him because they clearly don't put effort into their studies. I have taken his class and the only two tips I can give is to attend class and be careful on the weekly problem packet he assigns. They are graded a bit harsh. Grading scale is set up so you can pass.
I'm giving average scores best he's a very brillant man but needs to find a different method of teaching. The grading system is fair but he bores the hell out of you(It gets to the point you want strangle yourself)good person but needs to be clear on work
Oh dear... Karen is a trip, funny, experienced, and whitty, but! Her course is boring- you watch a movie a day! and take only 3 quizzes which are easy but have trick questions! Avoid the class if you can, not an easy A. DO NOT EVER MISS A QUIZ OR COM LATE ON QUIZ DAY OR ELSE YOU ARE TOAST!
Good teacher, multimedia approach, lots of group work, though, and group members sometimes do the grading. Oral exams on visuals, not my preferred method of test taking.
Do the weekly quizzes! It will help if you study those when preparing for tests. He adds a curve on tests too. The final was not complicated even though it was cumulative. Extra credit points will really boost your grade in the end.
I had him and he was not very helpful of all. He tries to crack jokes in class and does not budge on grades he gives on curves when he fells they are necessary. He makes his first couple of exams easy and waits until the final to give you questions that are very wordy and tricky, which he knowns no one will pass. Be wise and not take his class!
He checks every class period to make sure that you are there. Follow along while Dr. W teaches! Although he explains his notes in class, there are some very important things that you will need to make note of personally. Ask (smart) questions! It will boost your grade.
loud and obnoxious but interesting with unique sense of humor
odd sense of humor is not needed, likes to embarass students
Mr. Adams is a great guy, he will always be there to help students who seek it out. Also if you talk to him enough and get to know him he WILL go easy on you on tests! I went to office hours once and he gave me points back on my test just for asking what I did wrong. The answers he looks for on tests are very specific, make a study group.
Definitely recommend this professor. Sometimes he explains things in a way that make them seem more complicated than they really are but he tells you what to expect on every exam so there are no surprises. Doesn't care if you show up to class or not but it is more beneficial than not to attend. Also very entertaining!
not so bad of a prof., but very repititious. he does expect students to teach themselves a lot though. hw is optional, but DO IT. thats been my mistake and i regret that. only 4 tests, and no calcs, so practice doing hw w/out calculators.
This is a difficult class. Most of the learning will be done on your own. Majority of class time is story and joke telling. Grade breakdown; 5% attendance, 5% homework, 5% Excel tutorial, 15% excel project, 20% Exam 1, 20% Exam 2, 30% Final. The Exams are very hard, mostly application with some definitions. Do all the extra problems and study!
Pretty easy class. Only 2 tests and a good amount is take home. Work hard on the homeworks she grades them tough. She really wants her students to learn but can be tough.
DSS with Dr.Markham is a breeze. She gives you all the code for macros needed to get A on all the assignments (which are basically tests). Thus, I find her lecture to be pretty worthless. Nonetheless, a good hands-on class with coding with VBA.
not bad if you actually want to learn what she has to teach
Professor Snyder is very sweet but having the class online was challenging. We had zooms once every other week and I had to end up teaching myself most of the material. The tests were not like the checkpoints or hw and the narrated notes provided seemed vague, expecting you to have previous knowledge on some topics. Would be better in person.
While I love Snyder so much, her class is so hard! The better reviews are definitely from when this class was online. While I commend her for really knowing her stuff, I feel that the way the class has been structured is not very beneficial for learning purposes. Memorization has been getting me through, but I wish i actually understood it. :(
This is a hard class. That being said, I do not like chemistry and I struggled in Chem 131. He tries to teach but I ended up having to look through the book and mostly teach myself. He curves a lot and gives lots of aris homeworks and take home quizzes that brought my grade up by a whole letter grade.
If your in it for the grades take him be ready to teach yourself but he curves everything like crazy. Your on your own but riding the curve you'll get a much higher grade than with any other 132 teacher.
Helpful in office hrs. Doesn't turn in your work in timely manner. Doesn't provide study guidelines for tests. Specific requirements for papers, tests are very specific (can be difficult). READ and take notes on EVERYTHING if expect an A.
Uncle Bijan is knowledgeable and is truly passionate about his lectures. With that being said, he lectures for 2.5 hours straight with 0 visual aids. He allows for a small 5 minute break in between but trust me, it isnt enough. This class was unbearable and I would not recommend it.
Uncle Bijan cares about his students & is very passionate. There are 3 tests and 3 hours of SONA that count towards your grade, so doing well on each exam is super important! Lectures are mandatory (allowed 3 absences before you lose points) but they can be super boring/hard to follow. Keeping up with readings is the key to success in this class!
such a sweet man and really passionate about what he does but not that great of a teacher. he hardly teaches the material cause he goes on really random tangents and the test questions are on the tiniest little details.
very hard class. accent is a little tricky but he really likes to teach. no graded homework and 3 exams and they are rough! be ready.
i just failed the test. very very difficult tests. he has pride of himself. nice and knowledgable teacher but,tests are extreamely difficult unless you have any idea of psychology background.
she's nice...but lots of busy work and i don't feel i've learned anything important. Work comes mostly from workbooks which make it a little dull.
Make the class harder then it is. Get urself a study group and do the hw.
Do the homework, the test are all things that you have seen at least once before
Take good notes. Memorize them long enough to pass tests. Way too much information in small time. Can't miss more than 1 class or grade drops. Required to go to 5 events at night on campus. Lots of papers. Grades very HARD. Rude to students during ORAL presentation. I passed with a B+ and it was a miserable 10 weeks.
She was okay. She's a nice person but she is very nitpickety with papers. I am not an English major or by any means the best writer but I have taken many writing classes and done very well. Until this class I had never had so many markings on a paper, which I thought was pretty extreme. Class cost me some money too(i.e. concerts,workshop,books)
Great professor, very interesting class (if you like that kind of stuff, which I do).
very hard grader and lots of work
Horrible. Would have students work out problems on the board, and would not correct them when they did something wrong, so the whole class did it wrong on the test. Never actually lectured. All around bad class.
This guy is the man. He may rush through the work but thats what professors do. When you stay after to talk to him hes really chill and quite funny. People just need to get to know him but overall, great class.
this guy is a crazy man, talks about bombs and other various things off subject in class. Tests were pretty easy gave a study guide that made it easy. Seems to like calling girls things such as sweetie but all in all a good man and good teacher
yes he does fly through material in order to get out of class early. he'll help you because he doesn't want anyone to fail. he won't give anything lower than your grade on the final:)seems to equate your math comprehension to your IQ
Very weird guy. Lectures the whole class and is impossible to follow. Homework for the first half of the semester then just quizzes after. Midterm and final are 50% of your final grade, he provides study guides for each which helps but he grades harshly. Required clicker for attendance. Offered some extra credit and was overall a nice person.
TOUGH! Here is a tip if you were required to take this class with her like I was. . .1- Be in class 2-Start studying the information the day you learn it!
Hard tests. I actually study and still don't do well. Extremely boring too. If I draw one more picture for my notes, i might lose my mind.
First of all I'm not lazy. She thinks her students are stupid ask the SI leaders. And find out her percentage of F's rate it's terrible. It is possible to be successful in this class but I'd recommend someone else.
this class sucks. its hard to stay awake. her test are too hard for a non major class be prepared for a c if you dont study for her class for more than 12 hours
She already hates you. Class is way to hard for a non major course.
HARD tests because there is ALOT of material! But does a lot to help. Just ask.
Easy class and understandable teacher. He attempts to teach, which is somewhat rare. He also attempts to push his ultra-liberal philosophy on everyone. Even those who agree with him on the environment, for example, won't want to listen to his unscientific propaganda.
Maybe I am just still angry that this is a course offered/required for a Masters in Early Childhood. Much emphasis on LBGT community. We could have spent a week or two on the subject but it took up a good month or more. This class was one of the biggest waste of my money in any of my undergrad or graduate courses.
I took this class online and she was very vague in what she wanted, but for discussion it was easy as long as it was in perfect MLA format. Papers were graded hard, so make sure they are precise.overall, she was okay and didn't drive me too crazy
Good teacher. She very strick as to what she wants. Grades paper how she thinks they need to be graded. Not recommended if you had Mike Johnson for 101. Take him for 102 also.
I wouldn't take him again. This guy did not amaze me like he does to some people. I just didn't like his teaching style (which is why people think hes great). Very outgoing, crazy, curses a lot, opinionated. If that's what you like, take him.
Atwoods the man. Most lectures he tells about his stories but they are key to the exams. Exams are MC and are pretty straight forward and usually the answer is the most obvious one. The only downside was that it was at 8:40AM and you need to sit in the front to see his 'writing.' Pulled off an A. 3 Exams, no final, extra credit opportunities.
alot of these reviews are for abnormal,but Atwood is awesome for personality psych. as well.This curriculum was really interesting and different, and the final project was easy and soo interesting, and not another multiple choice test.deff. a great class and a great teacher, take it with him.
Personality psych is not in the least bit easy. There is alot of reading, not easy Unless you actually like reading about FREUD. 1500 pages of reading. Lectures are ok, they arent even on the exams. did all the reading went to class got a B
Had him for personality psych...talks alot about himself but is overall interesting. Test can be tricky if you dont read
GEN PSYCH 101 - Tough to stay awake. Exams are difficult, most random question. 70questions/exam. Multiple Choice. Lectures are interesting, but not as fun as maybe prof james or brill. Study Study Study the textbook. Goodluck. Loves Sex and Darwin...all the psych prof. are kindof nutty, can't escape.
I am NOT a programmer. That said, I would have failed the class if I wouldn't have had a good lab partner. I can't tell you if it was because of Poplawski, or not, but the advice I received from him didn't help me. Maybe I'm just one of those people who can't learn programming.
Really boring class that has a workload too heavy for only one credit. The first few weeks are simple and he does a good job teaching simple stuff, but the final project is a massive 3-part project that he rolled all into one piece. Other than that bombshell he did a good job teaching.
Really interesting class material. Imperative that you attend class and take REALLY GOOD NOTES.
gives a test or quiz every week, most of them are hard and confusing. shares funny stories about her kids when explaining topics. be prepared to read and study A LOT!!
some people need to get over the fact that she does talk about racial issues. It is definately something that should be recognized whether it was in the past or not. She was a good professor in that she had let the truth be known. By the way, she really favored those who did the work.
he is very funny for the first 2 weeks of class but after that it gets old and he always say stuff like "were leaving early today" when it isn't true. he does not talk in a professional tone which makes it hard to keep force i have add so its hard enough for me to focus on something. he only gave us 7 asignment and he is tough grader and if he thin
I think that she goes over the material well. After we correct our homework she goes over any problems that you want to go over.
I dropped this class. Who needs the aggravation of doing homework every night that's not just graded on if you did it, but how well you did on it? How middle-school is that? She's hella boring and not very nice, and having to write a paper for mat
Professor Heap is extremely intelligent; he has great analogies in his lectures. But it will be the hardest class of your semester. I only received a B after reading the textbook every night, going to office hours weekly, and attending the review sessions. If youre willing to do the work youll be ok.
This was a HARD class. My advice would be to sit in the front row, participate as much as you can, and go to the pass sessions and saturday morning help sessions. Do all the reading and study a lot cause there are weekly pop quizzes and they are very difficult. He curves your score if he notices you putting in effort so get on his good side.
Heap is very smart and should be working in his field not at a university. He calls himself the spawn of satan. This is a hard corse already and should not be taught like this. More than half the class has failing grades. Go to his office hours or study sessions!
Good Professor. He only deducts points if you text or talk in class which is reasonable because you shouldn't do it in the first place.Go to class so you won't miss a quiz. Though quizzes are random you get a better notion of when they'll be as the semester goes on.
I'll give you a better perspective because it seems like the people who rated before me were first semester freshman. Class is hard, however, by talking to Heap, he makes it 20 times easier to understand. Very helpful and so approachable, he can really help you out. 11 Quizzes, drops 6, tough final. Phil makes the class alot of fun. Hilarious guy.
A hard class because there are random quizzes and that makes up the entire grade except for cummalitive final. Nice guy and is fair.
Heap is a great guy but macroeconomics sucks. Try to read as much as possible and put some kind of effort towards learning the material and he will help you the rest of the way. Extra credit, curved exams, about 10 pop quizzes but only your top 5 scores count, review sessions, and cheat sheets
heap is the greatest...the material is hard and he goes fast
Very difficult class! He goes super fast, hard to keep up...
A tough prof. Quite funny. Study some and you can easily get a B.
The class has only two midterms, and a final. Which makes this class harder
its not so much him being boring as students not paying any attention & being flat out disrespectful- he's incredibly intelligent..do the reading & you'll be fine, tests are 10 pt. MC & easy essays, the research paper is lengthy but broad..i'm taking him again the next 2 semesters, great prof.
Extremely intellegent man. His classes can be boring sometimes but he certainly knows how to make things clear. Also he is probably the easiest grader I've ever had at JMU.
Patterson is OLD SCHOOL. He uses everyone's last name. The entire class is nothing but questions, so get used to looking stupid. He knows EVERYTHING and he expects you to as well. He always has office hours and he likes you to go and talk with him. Go talk with him, it could be the difference between and A and a B.
Dr. Patterson's Hist 101 class was relatively difficult, but certainly doable. He does use socratic dialectic. He was sometimes vague, but willing to speak to students during his office hours. The connections he makes between things could be difficult to follow. He was always polite and formal with students.
LAZY and DISORGANIZED - DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN FOR ANY CLASSES...he seems like a nice person but his knowledge of the topic is weak compared to the real Professors (PhD that is) and his humor is DRY...
BORING CLASS. I had the class that was one day a week and like 3 hours long. He brags about all the places hes been and how our economy is not as good as others. Can be funny at times, but not usually. Big term project....not hard, just takes forever.
Very, very easy. Very unorganized, always a few minutes late to class with lame excuses, minimal studying and I got an A. Tests were mainly from book, but some lecture notes. Very lenient when it came to class end time.
Work was somewhat hard, I ended up typing a 5.5k word semester project for him. He was VERY interesting and knowledgable if you like politics and business. Office hours by apptment only, test a little tough, but fair teacher. Attendance manditory.
Makes you take a map quiz, seems like elem at first but I'm glad he made us do it. Report was LONG but also glad we had to do it. Hard to follow, very extensive vocab. Mixed feelings.
Test Curves = Good. Pretty boring, but there's occasional dry humor.Report = Bad
Its boring and mostly philosophical. Class isnt to hard. Take for a second writing. Tests were okay--essay. Hard to take good notes.
Good teacher...likes to do everything in groups. He gives quizes every week...but to be fair he does give you the questions in advance...so you have time to work them out
Good guy but hard teacher. Flies through the material to fast, and gives really hard test. Good luck if you take him
He's out to help you in every way until it comes time to write the test. Then he takes on an "Us against Them" mentality and pulls out every trick problem and mathematical special case in the book. He actually bragged "I got you" on
Pretty arrogant and annoying. The TA and guest artists were better. Hated walking tours. Lots of class discussions, but only like 5 people actually said something. I gave my opinion ONCE and the prof questioned it in front of everybody, so I was embarrassed. Class is an easy A though, tests were easy and not too much hw.
SO EASY! I showed up for maybe 50% of the classes and just so that I would know when exams were. I had an A- in the class--but without me saying a thing he gave me an A! Just the kind of guy he is. DO THE READINGS!! About 60-100 pages per exam, but easy understandable reading. That's it! No Notes! No Attendance! Just read the night before = A+++
Soc class is extremely easy - I just go review day, and the test, and have a B.
Easy class, highly opinionated prof, still living in 60's
3 tests (half multiple choice, half short answer section) In lab, 5 question multiple choice quiz every week. Fill out lab exercises completely, you turn in a couple without notice. Extra credit project at the end of semester, very easy. 2 field trips to tide pools. Attendance is mandatory and if you skip, good luck catching up!!
As much as I like marine biology, Dr. Dudley did make the course difficult mainly because she wants you to throughly understand the IN DEPTH material instead of generalizing it. The labs are legit but you need to study those two for a weekly quiz. The best part of the class though is you get to go on field trips.
for those of you who want a challenge...this class is kinda difficult but only because there is so much to learn and memorize and so forth...the prof. is pretty chill...but can be a bit intimidating at times..make sure u get the yellow book..you will find EVERYTHING in it that u need to pass the class...there are 4 exams..and 3 field trips..do all!
She's a hard one to rate. I liked her, not really the subject. She's not arrogant though, she's just not going to tolerate half-arsed work on material she covers/recommends. Slightly ditsy, but overall she make the effort to get the course information available to everyone. I recommend taking to her during class hours.
Nice lady, well educated and intelligent, could think more about evolution, since like most she speaks the commonly held beliefs of our time without thinking about the rationality of such beliefs. Thoughtful research into the validity of evolutionist arguments in the class would be much appreciated.
She wants you to succeed but I had a hard time with her strict grading. You only get one chance to complete assignments and is very passionate about grammar. One small mishap and your grade will reflect that. You can attend niblock events for extra credit but she didn't let us know halfway into the semester. 2-3 weekly online assignments to do.
Busy work. Required a lab, which was the vehicle for all of the busy work, plus several assignments--limited benefit. Only real plus is 50 min. classes. Likes to hear herself talk in class, which is not appreciated at 8am! Would consider other professors first.
not bad. good class for future bus communication. she helps out alot. lots of assignment.
She was okay. She didn't support herself when explaining. She was fun but she got off subject too much and didn't cover the material for the test.
Very nice teacher, not hard to pull your grade just attend class, get to use all of your notes and the book on tests, very easy just pay attention, he's really funny lauhgs at his own jokes.
Prof. Miller is very bubbly and passionate about her subject, but her personality doesn't help the fact that the exam questions are often poorly phrased and she does NOT do any real review. The exams cover a vast amount of outside of class material -including other students' discussion posts! - which is frustrating given the simple content
Babs is nice, funny, and an engaging lecturer, but she wastes so much time on pointless things such as "Hey Babs's." She also frequently goes on random tangents about beer pong and sex, and other "non-testable material" and then races through whatever is "testable." No point in going to lecture, she just regurgitates what's in the book.
She seems nice and her class seems interesting at first but wait until the first test. She only tests on picky details that are in a sentence of a chapter and the tests are on about 6 chapters each. This class definately hurts the GPA. Tests too hard for an intro class
prof is really nice. she does her best, shows a few movies, tells funny anecdotes, uses colorful pictures and slides. i found the class was too large (200?) to be engaging, and most of the stuff from tests came from the short readings that we went over with the T.A. T.A.'s in this class are key to understanding the material and getting good grades.
Bab's tests are silly. They cover obscure facts from her long, boring textbook. She never finishes her lectures in class, and going to class is a complete waste of time. The amount of material is ridiculous and she spends half her time babbling about details regarding her personal life.
She's a complete ditz. Amusing, but it gets annoying after awhile. She wrote the book so lecture is the biggest waste of time, particularly because most of class is spent with her trying to figure out how to turn on the lights. Tests=hard
Babs is really funny, but lecuture is kind of a joke. She wrote the textbook so she basically lectures off of that. Also her tests are kind of nitpicky about inane details in the readings.
In my 3 years at GW, his logic class was the most opaque and stressful experience that I've ever suffered through. The online portions were not helpful; his quizzes were difficult. The final was unfair to say the least; about a 3rd of the class couldn't finish.
Kay has creative assignment ideas and wishes to push her students to get a lot out of her class. Sometimes she can be unintentionally condescending when communicating with her students and unreasonably inflexible with her assignment criteria.
Pretty boring, REALLY hard exams unless you prepare yourself very well. Lots of grade boosters. HW is required but not an issue. Kind of a dorky guy
Meh. Needles goes off on random tangents about his influential friends all the time...best to bring a crossword/other homework. Homework almost every night, but only 1-3 problems each time. Luckily all the exam questions are straight off the practice quizes on blackboard. Definitely sparked an interest in Auditing, but not the best teacher.
cliffe is not a bad guy at all. Hes pretty nice. His class is boring of course but what do u expect from a General Ed. geography class. Hes kinda crazy, he gets super into what he does... almost a little too passionat ehwne he's lecturing..but he means well.
this guys hillarious who shares a vocabulary and appearance of Spiccoli from Fast Times At Ridgemont High "****en" with a hint of Otto from the Simpsons "Whoa" lectures and studying needed for the test and attendence is pretty imp.
Overall loved taking this online English class. I recommend this professor to anyone that wants an easy passable class. She responds to emails quickly as well and truly wanted to help her students achieve good things. Good luck to you!!
MANY essays and practice essays. talks about racism a lot. well prepares you for essays tho.
She's retiring this semester. class was easy; just need to read and study before midterms. Her lectures (no ppts, notes, visuals) are pretty interesting. Great professor who is very knowledgeable of the topic.
She is a sweet approachable lady but her class is tedious, long, and difficult. Her TA's grade everything and are often super harsh. The midterms involve intense studying and reading from the text. The paper was pretty simple but nonetheless hard. I made a B because of a grading fluke. Most likely you'll get a C.
people who say its easy to get an A in this class are wrong. literally, whenever you have free time on your hands, utilize it by reading the text books & book for the essay. test essays depend on usage of key words & phrases found in each chapter and the essay requires that your know you book inside out. FINISH READING ASAP & know your stuff well!
Class is scary at first gets easier, i ended up with a C b/c the TA is horrible, but GO to the cyrus review theyre very helpful
Extremely boring.. unless you are into Plato, Aristotle, and all those people! Gives extra credit opportunities, but kind of a hard grader on essays and her lectures are really boring although I can tell shes really smart. She gives you a study guide, yet adds things on the test that arent on the guide. didnt really enjoy this class
She has a very annoying tone of voice. Teaches like we're all 5th graders but expects college level input from us. Her TAs are the best though...exciting lectures from them. Good for an easy A.
MAN...class consists of lectures that make your hands cramp by the end of the day...2 5 page essays, three books to read, one vocab exam, two book exams, midterm, exam on notes, and final. SHE IS CRRAZZZZY, expects us to know everything about polys.
She knows her stuff...tests are not the easiest though. HAVE to study...TA Cyrus is great too. Definitely a good class to take!
Books are good, not too much reading.
too much for 101 class, hard, tons of reading,no extra credit, smart
I took this class to get some NS distribution, thinking we'd be covering societal issues dealing with bio (as the title implies). Instead, I got a basic biology introduction. Only the last few weeks contained information that I didn't already know. I fell asleep a couple of times because the material was just boring and elementary.
I thought it was a good class for non-scientists. Professor Adams wasn't a bad lecturer, but wasn't overly impressive either.
Overall it is a really easy class with the curve, but be prepared, he is an arrogant british man, who makes you watch ridiculously boring movies at nine in the morning on fridays...THE NERVE
Dr. Ellis is a funny professor. His exams are moderately difficult and should be fairly understandable. Most of his exams are multiple choice. The labs with TA's are super easy. It is true he does lecture from lecture slides which are downloadable from his site. But think of it as a way of not paying for a text book.
I took the online class. Professor Hadreas was very responsive when responding to email. It is important to keep up with your reading of the text, and taking the online quizzes on time. The online exams are very helpful when studying for the final.
He goes well with his schedule and therefore u will know wt he expects early. 2 exams, 2 essays and 10 quizes. Quizes are easy scores as soon as you attend class and watch the videos. Exams isnt hard at all when u study with his study guide. However, sometimes its hard to listen wt he says.
He's good overall...but sometimes his assignments that he doesn't have handouts for are a little vague. Which can result in a large majority of the class doing the assigment wrong and then they are unable to participate in the discussions during class.
I took him for Discover: City on a Lake. This is by far the hardest discover class of all the Honors discover's. The work given is way too much than it should. Very few will get A's as he feels teachers and professors grade too easily these days. I was interested in what he had to say, but the difficulty of the ENTRY LEVEL class made it unbearable.
Will not do well in his class unless naturally gifted at math,if not, hard class. Curves tests. Never covers all the material you are suppose to for the class so only take him for BMS 125 if also planning to take him for 126. Kiss ass-he picks favorites.
This class is okay. It's good for a non-science person, like me. It all on a software and you'll take a couple weeks to get the hang of, but easy to use. Not many assignments, like, 4 exercises, 2 exams, and 2 extra credit options. Both exams are open everything (except for tech) so anyone should pass no problem. He will e-mail you back quickly!
I took Wildlife Issues last semester and it was an easy A. You do need to study study study the online program stuff, and go over the video questions.
After the first couple of weeks I never went to class again; make sure to get the film answers. Do all of the CD HW and copy down the questions and answers b/c the exams come directly from that and the film answers. During the exam just search through the hw q's or the internet for the answers. Easy A.
Easy class. Definitely take it. GPA booster. Moulton is a cool professor.
Super easy course. Lectures are deathly boring and very scattered. Just do coursework on the CD and show up to exam.
Wont give him credit for helpfullness, since you wont need help to get an A. Its totally your fault if you get anything less, just do the online assignments, they can be deceiving.
Dr. kallio is a brilliant man but when it comes to teaching what he knows to his students... not so much.
She's a really interesting person with awesome stories that make the lectures pretty enjoyable. She did have the tendency to go way over my head on tangents that were far too complex for a 100 level class. Her notes were very confusing but all in all, it was a fair course.
She is such an amazing teacher but is so hard. She's not really clear on what she specifically wants from you on tests. The way I studied was by studying everything but that was not enough. You just need to study in advance like crazy. Every little detail matters.
Professor Welker is very passionate about her research topic (primatology), so a very large portion of the time is spent talking about monkeys. Very nice woman, but lectures can be boring and rely on powerpoint presentations. Tests were often more challenging than lectures would indicate.
a little study will get you the A with this professor. . . attend every class though, otherwise you won't stand a chance on the exams!
Extremly nice. Makes classes interesting w/anecdotes and stories. Helpful outside of class and fair with grading. Once you get a hang of the exam you're set.
This class should have been medium hard and require slightly above average time to get the A I wanted...WRONG. Joe is very knowledgeable, but his tests are written very poorly and designed to trick you instead of being straight forward. Always question due dates and always ask when to turn in assignments TWICE. My advice..Pick another teacher.
very intelligent and good at what he does, can be very harsh sometimes
Was very informative in class, but I found things outside class to be mildly frustrating. Two things in particular: 1) the tests I had were in "you make the questions and answer them yourself" format, which was tricky and 2) I'd ask questions via non live class channels and the responses felt randomly tepid at best. Who knows. We all have bad days.
Great person who's willing to help his students. However, unclear paper criteria and expectations until after you get your paper/test back. Possibly the most difficult paper grader in the Religion department and grades much differently than any other Professor. Content and originality aren't as important as a concise and mechanically perfect paper.
Clark is a very intelligent man, but in a class that was entirely based on intolerance, I felt persecuted for my own beliefs. I was constantly graded less because I would write about what my opinion on a topic was, even if my opinion was interpreted from the sources he provided.
Very smart guy. Made what could have been a very boring interim into an interesting and very applicable class. I would defiantly recommend his Interim: Reading Genesis. Fun sense of humor and good off-topic stories to break up some tedious material.
Extremely boring class and its hard to stay awake. His monotone voice doesn't help class discussion much. Only good thing is how kind-hearted he is, and you are allowed to revise papers for a better grade. (2 papers, 1 midterm, 1 final)
She's a very nice lady, but her grading is bordering on goofy. Maybe it's because I'm history major, but this is the only class I have taken in my entire life in which I have not received straight A's on all papers. The grading is tough, you're reading 200 pages per week and having a quiz on it (that covers all sorts of minute stuff).
DOESN'T ALLOW YOUR OWN INTERPRETATION ONLY HIS. 4 2 pagers. 2, 4-6 and 1 6-8 page paper. Midterm and Final are blue book. Essay and Passage ID. It's really hit or miss with this guy. He grades very low and nitpicks the dumbest things. I received an A on ALL my papers except for this guy. By the end of the semester you're just tired of this guy.
Nice guy. Has a specific grading scale but no one knows what it is. I got an 87 on a paper. How do you get an 87on a written paper. I asked specifically how he grades and he wouldn't tell me. Very discussion oriented. Interesting class good topics. Lots of reading supplements with videos of plays.
Professor Gonzalez was alright. You will have tests every week almost and it is completely boring. She takes like 30 minutes to finish one activity in the workbook. And she takes attendance every day for a participation grade. But she is overall I nice older lady...I would take her again if I had to.
The troll of the HWI department. She gave me a B even though I had a 91%. What kind of grading is that? Didn't teach me much I didn't know: drugs are bad, exercise & healthy food is good. But then, most of the classes at CSUMB are a joke, that's why I transfered.
I find it hilarious that she is from Germany (thick accent and all) and she's teaching Spanish. Easy class, i slept through most of it and still passed.
didn't like her teaching at all, hard grading techniques for spanish beginners.
Wasn't rly a jazz fan but I see jazz differently now. Collier is mic-less so its easy to fall asleep. Attendance is NOT necessary since he has a course manual->has EVERYTHING talked about in lecture. Maj. of test is on manual; an avg. of 3 q's from txtbook. Final=pretty easy. Don't slack tho. LISTEN TO JAZZ TRACKS/ARTISTS & kno their significance.
I definitely didn't dig his lecture style, but his pop quizzes came straight from the homework, and his tests weren't too difficult. Beware of students that say he gives plenty of partial credit, because if anything he does just the opposite. I would definitely enjoy having him again though.
she says that she's open to other opinions, but its only in theory.. she makes your opinion sound stupid if it doesn't go with hers. i always participate in all classes, but when she tried humiliating me after the first week, i never talked again in class. her points are interesting, but don't try expressing your own!
she deffinitely knows her stuff, we were assigned two books books but I read neither and still got an A. I recomend being in class even though she seems a bit crazy. Instead of whining about her teaching style just learn to learn in a diferent form. she is quite interesting and I recomend her.
Most people hate this teacher but she really knows her stuff (office hours!) Isn't afraid to tell you what the government won't. Opens your eyes to the world. Most who hate her are lazy, ignorant freshmen who aren't yet used to college. Agree with her on your tests and you'll get an A. And get a great GA! I recomment Steve Slatten! Best ever!
she introduce you to the world you have never been exposed to, she makes you think, lectures are sometimes too confusing, lots of videos, exams are from the book & red readers, 4 page easy paper. do the extra credits! Follow the study guide. only 125 pts
Can be interesting, a little wierd, might need to study a lot!
When I entered Professor Brown's intro to Anthropology it was to merely fill a requirement, but I was pleasantly surprised. Dr.Brown made the material interesting and fun. He always welcomed questions and was willing to help during office hours if need be. In short I was glad I had such a good professor to make a mandatory class great!!
i do not like him
Old is intelligent but lecture heavy. Grades with papers and take home exams, but miss guidelines for assignments and don't expect an A. Learn something because he makes you work, but not worth it as a gen ed or for non-political science majors
Prof. Burow-Flak was nice but did not have anything graded and turned back to us when it was promised. There were several times where an essay would be turned in a we would get grades back a month later. Grading criteria was very random and not consistent but she was actually a very very nice and understanding professor, just not for this class.
Professor Burow-Flak was very nice, but she didn't provide clear grading criteria for any of our essays nor did she provide feedback/grades in a timely manner. It was definitely a class that could've been taken online for the same value.
She was really nice and really cares about what she talks about.
She talks insanely a lot, repetitive, and annoyingly screechy; I honestly don't understand how people can enjoy her lectures. Her class is insanely easy however and she wants everyone to have a 100. She gives a ton of extra credit and her tests were online and you had 3 days to do it.
attendance isn't mandatory but she doesn't post a powerpoint/notes so go to lecture. gives u extra work if class is cancelled (three times more than we would ever do in class). u take the test three times (individual/group/class) and it's always open note but she'll give like a 20 page essay to read for the test. she does curve grades at the end.
hard class, i learned alot though. Her "weeding out" process is extremly obvious. most of the tests were after the drop date and i started getting A's, where i was getting D's with same grasp of material before )
Not a hard class if you stay awake really hard to because the lights are off the whole time and her voice isn't that exciting but she was really nice and the test pretty much essay questions and then some on actual art work to memorize, then a art project
I love psychology as it's my major. Very energetic teacher, can use notes for test, simple and fun class, she just throws in her opinions it seemed to me and she's certanily not a fan of religion low key bashing it which I didn't appreciate at all.
Best teacher I've had at Sierra! I took my first class with her two semesters ago, Womens Studies, and I've now taken Gen Principles and Social Psych too. All are great classes. No doubt their hard, she's serious about her subjects. But she'll answer any question you have if you take the time to ask. Tests were rough. But her lectures are amazing!
Dr. Carroll us a caring professor. He'll call on students to answer questions in class whether you like it or not and will make students completely answering even if they don't know the material. READ READ READ because he will ask you specific material on exams.
She goes extremely fast in class! Take good notes to look at later. GO TO THE LABS! they help a lot! tests are pretty hard if it doens't click immediately with you. But as opposed to Rochman, the other ACC200 teach, I hear there is no real difference.
Relatively easy to follow in his lectures compared to other ICS profs. Quite helpful if u visit him during his office hours with questions on assignments. I found it entertaining the day he picked his nose for several minutes while lecturing. Odd still I found none of the other students in the class reacted to this...that tell u something about ICS students? lol!
Some days you love the class, others... you hate it.
Not my favorite. Lecture is very boring if your not very interested in psychology and only taking it for an LSC. Quiz every week, and they aren't easy. Multiple choice but very in depth questions to prove you "understand" not just "memorize" what we cover in class, which isn't easy when your not used to being tested that way. 2 essays 2 exams
This man's gorgeous ass and hot bod were the ONLY reason I had perfect attendence in his class...
I really enjoyed this class and feel I leanred a lot about movies. Niemi is smart and really knowlegable on this subject.
She told me that her cats would cancel out my vote for president, she's also hugged me in public places, but besides that she's decent. Know what she's talking about, but only that.
Gordon knows what he's talking about when it comes to creative writing. He inspires you to write well and is a realistic, but kind critic. He keeps the workshop focused and doesn't let the class go down *too* many rabbit holes. The only trap is that he cuts you loose and lets you work at your own pace. Procrastinators beware!
4 tests on movies you watch in class, lecture/notes, and books you read. He gives 3 point extra credit papers for each test. Also offered the past to semesters 10 extra points for the Cubs winning and will probably just give it for the next semester. Its a boring lecture but its an easy B if not an A.
I must say that I absolutely disagree with most of the comments I've read here. I am an international student and I find both his lectures and tests EXTREMELY easy - so if you're an American, then this class should be nothing more than a piece of cake! I have learned so many interesting things without even realizing it because he made it so fun!
Most students got A's on test 1 which he said wasn't a problem. I thought he meant it. I also thought he was being a nice guy when he held a vote to not take test 2. The final grade was from tests 1 & 3 and participation. But test 3 was very difficult and he counted it twice. Because of his sneakiness I got a B instead of an A. Sneakiness rating =5
wooow...so boring...a good chance for a nap! pay attention in class though because he will put stupid examples of ONE sentence he said in class on the quiz...stuuupid! i thought it was kinda a dumb class that put me to sleep, and i studied a lot and still got a b...so i would suggest NOT taking it.... or be ready to nap and do poorly!
Highly suggest pursuing another elective. This class will consume a great deal of your time.
Wasn't the biggest fan of Dr. Roberts. She definitely did a better job with the last two units than the first. Exams were pretty easy, but some questions made no sense. Had to rely on my previous knowledge of AP Bio to get through this class. 160/200 points are from exams and you can drop 1 of the 4 midterms (but not the final).
Roberts clearly cares about her students however her lectures can get off topic easily. Her tests are mostly based directly from her lecture slides, however, grade is composed mostly of exam grades. Final is mandatory and one of the four unit exams is able to be dropped.
This class was more stressful than necessary. Note slides were disorganized and some important topics were skimmed over. Exam questions were confusing and frequently had to be re-graded. Handouts/ supplementary materials were also confusing and it was hard to get straight answers to questions at times. The TAs were pretty helpful.
Dr. Roberts's Bio 2 class is certainly challenging. Listen carefully to her lectures and write down EVERYTHING that she says in class. Her seemingly random tangents can make an appearance as an exam question. Look at the in class exam practice questions that she gives. Go to her own office hours because TAs often give conflicting information.
you had to take excellent notes on specific topics that Dr. Roberts covered in her lectures, because you will be tested. Once you get used to her testing style (all application, multiple choice), you gotta study, but you can do okay. Just depends on the depth of your understanding of the material because she will go deep with questions.
Great choice for Human Phys. Lecture Topics and PowerPoints are scattered and not necessarily organized. This can make a hard time learning concepts. Not the best lecturer, but does a good job. Tests make up 75% of the grade. Attendance is mandatory during "TA Time" which is literally USELESS! Pretty good though.
Great lecturer and good person, but extremely difficult class. She calls herself the "dream crusher" and prides herself on being tough. Her exams are hard, but get easier as they go since the topics get easier. The final was literally impossible. Good luck.
I'm one of the few who actually enjoyed Dr. Roberts' teaching style in Bio 1. Tests are challenging but based off slides; I suggest printing & taking notes on them. She adds a nice curve at the end too. Also, you can write exam questions. I sent her a couple and one ended up on the last exam. Just have an open mind. I'd take her again.
For those with little to no Biology background (like me), prepare to study for 35+ hours for each test to get a C and move on to Bio2. Have to read textbook. Final grade is 80% tests (4 tests, drops worst). Teaching ability is fine, class is just really hard. It will take up 80+% of your studying time for that semester. Idk which teacher is best.
Dr. Roberts will emphasize what she thinks is important and be sure to listen to lectures closely, points will come from the book but also from stories in lecture.
Her questions were impossible... I studied my butt off for the whole semester and still got bad grades. I did the best on the final by studying her old tests. Very bad teacher. STAY AWAY!
Angela gives pretty cool lectures if you like math. However, passing her tests depends less on her conceptual lectures/textbook problems and more on learning the test question style. The best option for studying is her worksheets but she refuses to put answer keys online. She loves teaching math but I dunno if she likes students.
I took Prof Athanas because everyone raved about how great she was, and she writes a good portion of the final exam. I took Calc BC in high school, so I had exposure to the material but had I not I would've failed this class. Her lectures were so unclear that I stopped attending and taught myself. Would not recommend to a beginner at calc.
Athanas is an all around good calc professor. Tests aren't too hard and lectures are helpful. Occasionally she will go off on random tangents which can be confusing during lecture. Worst part is she uses Lon-CAPA but all calc one classes do.
I would highly recommend Athanas! She keeps her class interesting and teaches somewhat difficult examples rather than easy problems. By doing some of the suggested book problems and paying attention, her exams are extremely fair and what you would expect. I learned a lot and did well, so I would take her again in a heartbeat!
Angela is an extremely helpful and caring professor. I don't think her teaching style is the clearest, but alot of the problems that I had with the class were more due to how the math department at Pitt is set up. Still, Angela more than makes up for any shortcomings by giving back as much as you put in. Hard work definitely pays off with her.
Very fair professor who knows what she is talking about. Recognizes the importance of main concepts and silliness of being hung up on details (i.e. minor calculation errors)
Goes really fast and assumes you're a math genius unless you ask for help. Also she has a bad habit of seeming ANGRY if people don't understand, so it's a bit intimidating asking for help.
Very easy, first seminar experience. Students didn't have to lead the class, just had to come prepared to share once a week. Other days you had to be prepared, but pretty easy to just wing it. Tough grader, not exactly sure what she was looking for, pretty nice though.
tests not related to stuff taken in class,overall i hope he dies..
Really nice guy. Takes tests questions straight out of the textbook for Networking portion (end chapter pages). or from handouts (Virtualization portion). Class is mostly self taught. Read over lab worksheets before do them or else you'll embarrass yourself. Labs are unbelievably easy too assuming you have a basic knowledge of computer hardware.
Very easy to pass!
YOU CANNOT FAIL HIS CLASS, its physically impossable
Good professor, hard class. Lots of work. Weekly assignments that at sometimes seem impossible. TA will get you through it. Start early!
Hands down, one of THE most inspiring woman I've ever had the chance to meet and learn from! From her teaching you can tell she's very passionate about her work. No midterm or final, just daily reading quizzes and papers. Hard paper grader.
Lots of reading as a result of the professor writting text which I admire. that shows passion in what he teaches. This man has a lot to say but can't organize thought. He can be intimidating because he teaches this class alot and this is his level of expertise. His exams are a mirror image of the quantity of info in lectures.
If you enjoy having Powerpoints read to you for 3 hours a week, he's your guy. Hard to read his tone/expressions at times. Takes FOREVER to return exams and papers. Really smart, but frustrating as a prof. Get the feeling he's more committed to his curating than his teaching gigs. I don't discourage taking him, but know going in what you're facing.
he's an awesome guy,do the reading because you write dialogues,exams are easy and gives them essay questions in advance and quizzes were open book. Very helpful and funny also. I recommend taking any history classes with him.
He made an easy A (self defense) way too hard. Most people dropped it the first week and I should have too. We had a midterm, final, and paper!?! It's a bloody elective! He sucks. But not bad lookin
Prob stats is real confusing and class doesn't help explain much, he is always in his office though and will help you until you understand it. I just wish he taught class more clearly so office hours were not mandatory. Definitly do the homework well in advance even if he hasn't covered all of the material. It takes 4 hours on average to complete.
This course was so easy I had to take it again to learn something
Study up! not the easiest but manageable. Do your readings.. I didn't so thats probably where I missed the mark.
Nice guy I guess bad teacher though. Had him twice and both times his tests were rediculous. Not hard to get a B in his class but if u want an A I suggest u find another teacher. Quizzes are useless and a pain in the neck his constant "can you think of an example for this" grinded my last nerver!
I'm Philos major, and I'm not sure if Searle is teaching me philosophy or preaching me his philosophy. Searle uses all his books, of which after reading one it'll be pointless to read a second. That being said, Searle is very clear, original, and engaging lecturer. But make sure to think critically of things he tells you.
My attitude towards Searle: I'm glad I've taken him, but would never take another one of his classes. It gets tirelessly annoying listening to him criticize others, esp. when his views have problems, too. I would like to take another phil. of mind class just because his did not properly educate me in the course. Instead, you only get his opinion.
Very entertaining class. Searle has some interesting ideas and brings very relevant situations and examples into the discussion of material. Paper topics are really interesting There were points in the class where he was embarassed at how little he understood other philosophers in the same field. The final was very straight forward.
i used to be rather anti searle. but, after taking two classes with him, i have to admit he has won me over with his knowledge and his thoroughness and his enthusiasm. it is true that he tends to focus on his own ideas and theories when teaching, and that he tends to go off on tangents from time to time, but i would still recommend him.
good lecturer, although somewhat difficult to follow. i'm sure he's perfected his teaching skills in the 1938417 years he's taught the class. readings dont' really matter since he wrote all the books and he lectures directly off them.
Knows his stuff -- hey he's world famous, right? But you can't tell when he's teaching other people's theories or teaching his opinions of other people's theories.
He's an insightful teacher, but likes to move class in the direction he intends. He often steers class conversations toward the points he wants to make, not taking into account the student's views. Regardless, a good teacher.
Looked like Ben Stein, if he starred in Fiddler on the Roof. Great prof, lousy laugh. Love the ties!! Knows his stuff.
This ruins my anonymity, but she took me to the APA conference twice. For this I am grateful. She may be a great teacher in the future. For now, she is a passable teacher.who brooks too little argument. Unlike Greene, on whom she seems to model classroom, she still thinks philosophy is absolute and immutable. I think she'll learn and I like he
Epistemology, interesting subject matter, horrible text, and at times too much discussion. However, I loved the material covered outside of the text and I think Sara provides constructive criticism on paper's and has a fairly intelligible approach to teaching Epistemology.
pretty good, but hard work. wants precise answers on tests, you will study your tush off
he gives a review sheet of fifty terms- MEMORIZE them and know them cooold, backwards and forwards and run through your notes and you'll do great. FUNNY! he really cares about attendance, so I'd advise you not to miss more thank two classes AT MOST.
Class involves service learning which can conflict with other classes. Prof?s demeanor is somewhat of a rollercoaster-one day he can be awesome. The next he will be completely arrogant. Prof confronts students about issues in front of peers re: attendance/participation. I wish someone would have told me to pass on taking this class.
Fair grader. helpfull, reasonable, short assignments. Long and harder exams but based on the assignments. Doesn't curve, but enough extra credit. Overall, I recommend him.
Lecture is very precise so make sure to take good notes they will be very handy when studying because the book is always helpful. Some have said he speaks very fast but I thought it was ok. If it is fast for you try skimming the book for the lecture to be covered...that helped me.
im surprised this woman is still teaching.nobody in the class liked her.getting all mad when nobody in class knew what to do, saying "this should all be review!"and dont go over it.why dont she just go over it again! she put stuff she said would not be on the test.she walks around and try to help you during the lab.the only good thing about her
Very hard teacher. Would not take again. Makes the class harder than it should be. Has no mercy for students.
Anyone that talks bad about kastner, is more than likely just a below average student. Her lectures are boring, but mostly due to the topics discussed, come on! the history of CS, whoa thats gonna be exciting. Shes a good person, and very helpful,take her
A very good and prepared conductor. Has tamed down a bit over the years but does have a short temper. As long as he has his dog and chopper students shouldnt be too worried.
2 Exams. Biweekly quizzes. 1 Final. Weekly online hw (2 attempts but both scores are averaged out). Attendance is mandatory. The professor is pretty nice and has a small sense of humor; however it was difficult to understand him due to his accent so I had to self-study with his notes which were pretty useful.
AMAZING PROFESSOR! very nice and funny. His class was really enjoyable. Gives great examples which help with the test/quizes. Gives study guides before each test and lets you use a cheat sheet for every test and quiz. Truly a great professor, loved his class! and im not very good at math but his class really made it better!
I suck at math but he does try to help out and get everyone involved
You get a star! No only kidding, but make sure you're staying on track with the quizzes, the majority of my class is getting under an 80% including me, however the stories are quite entertaining. For some reason I am motivated not to miss a class
She's fine. Not my favourite at all, but maybe she'll work for someone else. Your grade was based on 5 essays total and a group presentation (and participation). I felt like her feedback on papers was not clear, but I did go see her for extra help.
I should have dropped this class. Im a computer sciences major for crying out loud. Thanks Fredonia for giving me this class.<<< Sarcasm
He's funny and has a new story each minute. Although i'm not interested in the clas he makes it interesting.
Super easy! I failed the first two midterms and still got a C!
Interesting class except the tests were a bit tricky but it is based on his book. Online study questions help a lot too!
Lectures are w/o a doubt super boring! Tests are tough, not really based on lectures, but reading. He wrote the book! Doesn't make the subject very interesting. Holds you past the time eloted for the class. Students leave left and right!! I would recomend someone else.
Seriously one of the most interesting classes I have ever taken. Now I know all this cool info and he was really into the subject so it made it that much better. His suits were always something to look at every day too!
Pretty easy, but u have to do his practice Q's, and check out the website his text offers on the back cover, study those Q's as well, HUGE curve, my 58/100 was a C+ on the 1st exam, so hang in there and see what kinda curve the class is leaning towards.
Not a particularly difficult class, but could be a lot better. Her lectures were sometimes pretty interesting but her personality is kind of dry. No hw or papers, just tests. Main thing I didn't like is when I would go into office hours a try to ask questions or discuss something she would never actually answer the question and avoid talking.
She had a really fun and positive energy. She outlined everything very nicely in lectures. Only thing to watch out for is what else she says during lectures. Tests are not only on the material she teaches but also the other comments or facts she just says while teaching. Need to pay attention to small details.
this teacher focuses too much on statistics, makes you read inspirational book to motivate, although it has nothing to do with the class, she takes attendance.
Kinda difficult for a intro class. Teacher thinks she is funny and the jokes get kinda old! The text book is extremely boring and the reading is extensive. Probably one of the hardest 101 classes I have taken!
a great speaker but sometimes gets boring. can be a little repetitve buy useful info. good person..
He's a genius, hilarious, will keep you completely entertained for up to 3 hours at a time! Be ready for profanity, controversy, and southpark and actual philosophy all tied in to this gem of a class.
Attendance mandatory. Don't blow off any one test or it will screw you over for your final grade. Buy the books and read them and write down all the notes from class in them (open book tests) The books are all written by him and ridiculously overpriced, but at least you will get a C like everyone else.
argues his claims thoroughly and encourages students to give their opinion. i slacked on the first book he assigned and got a C but i read the next two and got A's. just study and pay attention to detail on his exams.
Awesome teacher. Always cracked jokes and used curse words. Always used the class to arrive at premise and conclusions. Very hands on if you get into the topic being discuess. I will not lie though, this class is hard and the tests contain alot of information. I did once a week classes and each day I took about 5-6 pages of notes.
Great class, takes a real thinker to catch on to this one...i am not a philosophy major and i got it though, Proff. is hilarious but very opionated and you will know it!! hahaha
funny guy, hard grader
His exams are tough because he wants everyone to memorize word to word.
ugh. yes, very hard...be prepared to memorize and write out of your mind!
Professor Goldberg is not a great lecturer but this is a core class for non-majors so the class itself is fairly straightforward. The exams are mostly just homework and quiz questions verbatim so studying is pretty clean. You can definitely get an A w/o too much brainpower but the HW takes forever. Also kind of a weird guy (not a compliment).
I had to teach myself absolutely everything in the course but at least Goldberg wasnt a bad guy (so not the worst case scenario). Very sassy and cute. He gave up by the end of the semester and talked about his cat for 20 mins at the start of lecture.
Just wanted to comment that he is NOT by any means affiliated with the Biology Dept. I do not know why he is listed under biology here. Biochem is a graduate-level bio course open to undergrads, but that doesn't make Goldberg an undergrad bio prof.
Dr. Tolliver is incredibly smart and well versed in his field. He may be difficult to understand at times because he does not dumb down his language, he lectures as if his students were intelligent (and so probably misses the mark 90% of the time.)I like him for this, it is challenging and engaging for those who truly love to learn.
I've had him 3-4 times for diff. classes and I've gone to his office hours a few times and I guarantee he has no idea what my name is...not interested in anything but whether or not you learn the material...pretty cool guy though...
Very difficult tests. No real assigned homework but don't get behind. Not very personable and won't bother to learn your names.
Dr. Biagioni is a good professor, knows his stuff, and helpful. No textbook for the lecture. There's a workbook for lab. Lab report is intensive & it's due the FOLLOWING day. Highly recommend working as a group to submit ONE lab report. Lab can be long, but interesting & fun. Weekly lab reports & prelabs (60%), quizzes (30%), final exam (10%).
Really good teacher but class is hard, his clarity on assignments could be better.
The class was I tended to be exciting but end up being the most awful thing I've come across. You hardly learn anything, your overloaded with multiple assignments per week and end up spending 80% of your time on this one course just to keep up. If the only way to get an A is to work on just this one course, something is terribly wrong.
I actually hated stat's the first time around as an undergrad, but this class made it all far more interesting and the modeling can be very useful. I was glad the class was hands-on in the PC lab, although at times it was somewhat noisy due to often working in groups and asking questions. Overall, Dr. S offered plenty of help when needed as well.
not sure what is happening in this class currently. rambles about his cats a lot, not sure what i'm supposed to be learning about. He seems genuinely very nice though. send help
Conley is the best! He wears cuff links and bow ties to class all the time, topped off with sweater vests! He tends to ramble, but is always hilarious. You'll learn a lot more than you think you're learning. Very easy grader and very fair!
Prof. Umanzor is agreat person, but not such a great professor, with all the work I've put into her class, I dont feel that I've had the opportunity to do anything but spit out information she has told us on a paper. I've enjoyed other prof's in the department much more.
Teaches a very guilt-based brand of sociology and is not very open to debate. That being said, he is an engaged and professional teacher, he just makes unfair assumptions about students' backgrounds. No, Professor Bolduc, I do not come from money, nor do my parents pay for anything I do. Thank you for making me feel guilty about money I don't have.
he talks alot but the work load wasn't too bad
The class consisted of good discussions and some fun films, but there are some films that are agonizing to sit through. Discussions can sometimes drag on for too long, but they are essential for taking tests. In addition, tests are very hard and mostly subjective, hence going to discussions is important.
This is a hard class, and, it's true, Dr. Shapiro didn't make it any easier. She knows what she's talking about but has a difficult time bringing it down to intro level and isn't very approachable. I came in interested and excited and left thinking the subject was BS. The group project can break your grade or help it immensely. Luck of the draw.
His lack of passion for teaching ruins the whole class. Most days we were let out of class after 20 minutes. Each class consists of a 10 minute lecture, a 10 minute worksheet, and sometimes a short film. Most students did poorly, but I did hear that he works well in office hours.
Professor McLane-Iles was fine. She covered the material in an understandable way and would try to answer any questions the students had. You can tell she is passionate about what she is teaching.
Lots of days of straight grammar on the board with barely any class interaction... Took days to respond to emails sometimes. Gave 30 min. - 1hr of work each class for hw and then only collects it half the time which is extremely annoying. Very slow class, we didn't even finish the last chapter. She's a nice prof, but slow class, lots of homework.
Very well meaning and passionate and I learned a great deal.
Nice man ready to change the syllabus if necessary. Don't disagree with the author's arguments when writing a paper or else he'll automatically give you a C or D. Very specific in what he wants on projects and papers.
Very fun class. cam write any almost any topic you wish. He really wants you to succeed and offers you tons of handouts/examples to help you along ht way.
bout 22 years ago in a college Sociology class, Dr. Jarrett told us this was going to happen in the US around 2020. The comparison he used was Lebanon in the 1970's and 1980's. I thought it was crazy to think that something like that could happen here, but I see exactly that. Dr. Jarrett, thank you for helping me see.
preachy, boring at times, tough on papers and not helpful.
Shes just sooo boring. She trys to sit there and tell you, you need to use lots of teaching styles while she only uses one, LECTURE! Also she expects us to stay awake during class and watch movies and she is sitting there falling alseep herself. Terrible
Took this class before I transfered to another school, helped me a lot with other classes. His handwriting is AWFUL, but write down everything he says and do ALL of the reading. Hard but worth it.
There is no question about his knowledge on graphic design.He knows his****.He may come off unfriendly and a bit harsh, but that's ok.Also, DO NOT FALL ASLEEP in class(or try to sit in the middle of the lecture hall and fall asleep, like I did) because he will put you on the spot, like he did to me!HOW EMBARASSING! Good Times! I got a 3.4.
She is a wonderful person, and her personally shows in the classroom. This doesn't necessarily mean that she's very skilled at teaching however. The assignments she gave challenged me as a writer, but her lectures and comments didn't help much.
Strange guy. Has a lisp. No one makes A's on the test, no matter how much you study, they are all multiple choice. I made C's and I'm a geography major. It should have been easier from an intro class, he seemed to just want to make it hard out of spite. Ho
go to the review sessions and exam day. dont buy the books
This guy is supposed to be teaching government, not Texas History! He makes you memorize every detail of TX History! He is so boring!
There is 10 quizzes, three exams and one research paper. The tests were extremely hard especially the last one. In order to pass the exams you will need to know specific answers to questions. The first two exams I did pretty good but the last one was extremely hard and have anxiety on what my grade is since they grade everything last minute.
What can I say, a veteran of being a professor at SRU where he has a traditional way of teaching. It's either you like or dislike him, and I'm torn between the two. On one hand, very passionate and successful in his career which would be good for Geology majors, but as a basic RS class, he tries to persuade you into changing to a Geology major.
feel sometimes he goes over the top and is too much, intelligent man, but very opionated, when he writes thing on the board it is clear and detailed but difficult to decipher what words he spews otherwise will be on tests.
Dr. Campbell is a nice lady she really does care for her students and rocks. Geology was one of those dumb liberals I had to take and I thought this class would be a breeze. So obviously I didnt take it seriously... I got As and high Bs on all of the assignments but the tests were awful. 3 tests and I got an 80 76 and 70. And I might Get a c now..
Fall 2016 for physical geology. Biggest complain: boring. However, I understand it is difficult to make geology interesting, especially to non majors. Lectures were mostly from PowerPoint and ALL homework was online through McGraw Hill Connect, a dastardly invention if you ask me. Yet, she was willing to change my grade for a late assignment.
Nicest woman! super excited about her job. She always puts out the extra effort to help if you dont understand. For the most part tests are easy except Lab midterm. for lab the tests are just bold words in reading, for lecture you get study questions that are basicly the test. If an ed major its a good choice for science w/Lab
The entire lecture is her reading from a PowerPoint. You cant have cell phones or laptops out at all or she marks you absent for the day. Buying the textbook was a waste of money because I never used it. On the plus side, its a super easy class. I never studied.
Shes very nice but extremely hard. Test were unpassable and papers were marked all up. Its a 200 level class and she made it seem too hard to make a good grade in the end. Read and reread the book!
I like Schell as a person but I am not a big fan of him as a professor. You're graded off of quizzes and essays and research credit and more than 84% of your grade is made up of 3 tests an optional final except these tests can mess you up no matter how stupid the questions are. PSYCH 1001 is the easiest class I've taken but I also learned nothing.
This class/professor was pretty silly, also somewhat difficult. There were 3 exams, but each exam was on SO much information & only amounted to 25 confusing multiple choice questions. There was a final project which was way too much work considering it counted for <4% of our final grade. This was my only class this semester that I didn't get an A i
This class on Humanistic psych is a must take if your planning to become a counselor.You will learn important things in this class that you won't learn in any other psychology class.Schell is a hard grader but he will introduce you to new ways of thinking about psychology. Course consists of three essay tests and one 15 page research paper.
the guy tries hard, but is very boring and anal. he spends too much time deriving equations and constantly asks students questions, assuming they know the answers. just read your notes after class and try to make as much sense as possible out of them.
Complete Waste of Time!! Babbles.
I totally loved history in high school and this dude practically ruined it for me! He was so boring; I was ready to hang myself halfway through the semester. He went so slow that we didn't have time to discuss the Civil War. The only good thing about that was that portion of the test was open-book. Tests are pretty easy; the major paper is a killer
Great teacher if you understand sign language. He uses his hands to describe American History. Not a good class for the morning. Hit up the espresso shots before and after the class to help.
Great teacher. Quirky but cool. Sometimes he answers questions with another answer to a diff questions but ok. Lectures from beginning to end, only a few "fun" things, knowledgable, humorous, 6 pop quizes. i didnt study for any, made up the points by commenting in class. Easy A for me.
Knowledgeable, but his class is based purely on him lecturing the entire hour and a half, two days a week. He will walk in and just start talking and not stop until the very end. Great if you love philosophy, but a little more student interaction would be ideal.
nice guy, confusing though . Talks in run on sentances. Didnt know what he was talking about and really didnt grasp anything he said but still got a B-
Intro to film class was not very exciting. Films were ok, but we didn't get to see some of the films and genres that we should have. His coursepak is pretty lame, but his "edited" class videos are somewhat interesting. I didn't learn very much about film. We viewed a different film each week, and had an in-class assignment in place of attendance.
I though that Philosophy was going to be cool maybe I was wrong.
Overall good professor. There was a ton of reading and I found the workload difficult in combination with work and another class. Although it was still manageable, just a little tough.
Professor interaction is non-existent. Tests are way too long, ridiculous, and auto-graded by Black Board. Discussions are pointless, and have no guidance, moderation, or feedback. Just an auto-grade for participating. I don't even know how he gets paid to "teach" a class he has absolutely nothing to do with.
Easy online class, you get out what you put in. I learned a ton, it was all from the book, not from the instructor. Nice guy though, love the format, 2 chapters to read, 3 questions from each chapter, 1 70 Q exam almost every week. Marketing isnt a complex subject, not sure what other students on here expected.
Homework every class except days when there is a quiz (quiz almost every week/two weeks). Requires ALOT of studying for good grade. No grade curve!! Super interesting material if you put in the work. Mandatory attendance. Doesn't use PPT slides. Must write your own notes! Has a "no electronics" rule. Your notes + textbook will be your best friend.
She's a decent prof., but extremely opinionated and sometimes too sarcastic.
Very intelligent. At times she seems like she doesn't know where she is going with what she is talking about. Kind of scattered with regards to lecture. Needs to plan better. Other than that, she a good prof. She had valuable input.
I really liked having hims as a professor. He did get side tracked when teaching lectures, however his test reviews went hand in hand with the test and he allows you to use notes/powerpoints on the tests and exams, even if they are on a computer.
I really liked him! At the start of the semester I knew nothing about government. Now I am actually quite passionate about it. He does wander off subject, but realy, do we want to hear dry boring lectures. It did make it a little hard to take notes. Hey if the test covered his friends fight to change women's sports seasons, I got it. LOL! Liked him
You will be with a graduate student. Extremely difficult to study the definitions word for word. Multiple quizzes every class. No final. So much work it wasn't enjoyable.
This class drove me to therapy. Work load is ridiculous. Quizzes are off chapters in book and definitions you need to memorize word for word. Class is taught by grad students. Some like how the class forces you to study every day and this class is set up to help those willing to succeed at all costs. Not for your average students. you are warned.
Dr. Al is a solid professor. I had her for ES.2000 and for Ed. 3000. She is difficult and she expects high levels of effort. These classes were both writing intensive. Consider your class load wisely if you're taking these with her. These classes will define you as a teacher or show you the profession isn't really for you. Expect to work hard.
Lots of busy work. Very hard to get help from Dr. Young outside or after class. The syllabus is never followed and is constantly being changed or altered in reference to when assignments are due. Dr. Young often seems lost herself in this aspect. Is very knowledgeable but perhaps lacks organization skills? A very tough grader.
I enjoyed her class it was very interesting.
In her online FACS class. Suppose to be the head of the FACS department, but did not seem professional to me. Once she messed up our tests and we all had to take it again. She also gave some people in the class a failing grade when they really had much higher passing grade. And it took her FOREVER to correct her mistake.
one word: CONTROVERSY...she loves it. she starts it. she lives for it.
Loved his everyday quotes and conversations that he led. I didn't so much like the expectation of perfection in writing, he didnt seem to understand it was my first writing class EVER. I ended up with a B though. i think his way of motivating you is by making you think you are not up to par... he was amazing though... I enjoyed his class every day!
One of my favorite teachers ever! Really makes you think. Goes off on tangents about politics, very little classwork, fun class!
didn't like too much at all
Had him for my FYOS. Was very nice and talked a lot considering it was a discussion based class. We just had to do 1 page papers on our readings; never got less than an A. I liked him and he has a lovely accent but I've heard his standard English classes are tough.
best finance teacher that I've had this far!
if you had an interest in dinosaurs before this class you will wish they were never discovered in the end. stay away from this class if you hate the letter F or D. also, he loves to talk about the amazing artifacts he has discovered all over the world... EGO!! however, if you overextend yourself by showing up to office hours regularly, he helps.
He is the funniest elderly man I have ever come upon.
Give respect and you will recieve it; if you dont give him respect either by not going to class or by talking in class you will pay dearly. Very knowledgable and very helpful if given the chance
likes to load up the hw but is helpful with questions..... has a sense of humor
Dr. Arnold was a great person and professor, this is just a very difficult course. Very long tests and lectures that require extreme amounts of memorization. Test preparation was very hard and he did not offer much support when it came to that. He was super nice and caring, just hard to reach outside of class. Get ready to study!
Empire to Independence with Dawn was my first class with her, and since then I have taken two others. The subject matter in E to I is definitely her fort, and her strength as a teacher comes from her passion for the subject. She expects a lot out of her students which can be, at times overwhelming, but I have never learned more from another class.
Took class online over the 5 week summer session. Only took this this class as a refresher before moving on to 0950, so I was already familiar with this stuff from high school (10 yrs ago). Very easy class, only had to take a few quizzes and exams, the rest is self taught from the book. If possible, I recommend taking online, so easy!
He is nice and puts pride into what he does.
she's not a horrible teacher, i actually did quite well in her class.. but she has a strange sense of humor.. but i would still recommend you take someone else.. like Pzyidial(sp?)..
its a hard class and there are other teachers that help more
For a Calculus course, this was fairly easy and she's very funny.
I think Stoffey is a decent enough professor. The problem is his attendance policy, He lets you miss 2 classes, any more and he drops you a full letter grade. He does let you "Band" (not bump) your grade up so ask him about that, but the attendance policy killed me and kept me from an A. Boring Lectures, Nice Guy
I found this class to be difficult I'm not a psych major so maybe that's why this class by no means is an easy A but it isn't impossible you just actually have to try which is why many people don't do well he was very available to help me when I went to this office hours. Very smart & he really knows the stuff he's teaching
PRO: A very helpful, caring man who obviously wants his class to do well, is funny and is always there to assist you.Personally loved him CON: Tests are often worded in a challenging manner, the course load is overwhelming if you have 15 or more credits; he expects everyone to spend at least an hour a day on the material and will not curve grades.
Professor Jenson is a really nice lady and im sure she means well. But her class was just annoying. All she does is show us examples of projects done by students who probably graduated 15 years ago. She also really likes showing irrelevant comic strips. But the class was pretty easy overall.
Never show up late or he will call you out. Sat in the back and fell asleep often, didn't buy either of the text books, and still passed the class with an A. Everything he talked about was very interesting and he was never uncomfortable to talk about controversial topics. Not many people liked him but I thought he was a great professor
Never show up late or he will call you out. Sat in the back and fell asleep often, didn't buy either of the text books, and still passed the class with an A. Everything he talked about was very interesting and he was never uncomfortable to talk about controversial topics. Not many people liked him but I thought he was a great professor.
Boring!! I fell asleep almost daily. If I had to hear one more thing about the island he lived on I was going to jump out the window. I'm sure he set those people back 1000 years.
A wonderful woman however, she isn't very clear in her instructions. Make sure to talk to her in person instead of email because it is HIGHLY unlikely she will respond. She does truly care about all of her students and will allow you to have lots of extensions and sometimes retake parts of exams.
Professor Lee is hit or miss. Hes a really great guy, but not the best teacher. This course as a whole is pretty difficult to teach and isnt a great course. No weekly homework assignments on readings but papers are graded REALLY harshly. Never felt like I really understood the readings, and class discussions didnt help at all
These reviews are too harsh. His clarity is the only thing I struggled with; he talks fast and has a pretty heavy accent. Readings arent necessary, but skim them before class. Definitely start studying for the exams ASAP! He's super smart and you will learn a lot if you really want to. Use the Take Your Prof to Lunch program before the paper/final!
He is pretty good at keeping the class interesting, despite the subject.
Lectures are extremely interesting and go by really fast. Won is an incredibly intelligent and funny guy. When it comes to assignments however, he does expect a lot out of you. He not only expects you to read and write your butt off but wants you to remember what he said, what you raid, and THEN form your own conclusions. Not unreasonable yet ha
Teaches an intro to religion class like it's seminary. English is hard to understand sometimes, which hinders his clarity. On exam essays he wants word for word things he says in his lectures, anything less will drop your grade. The hardest grader I've come across in my life.
He tried to make class interesting but I found it to kinda seem to drag- his tests are all MC, but harder than you'd think- he's def. one of the harder psych profs- he will try to help explain but it kinda seems on another level- he def. cared and meant well
Class is very easy. Boring. One of those classes that are not challenging enough so you end up not doing any work and still getting a B but if it was a little harder you would have paid attention more and got an A. The first 45 minutes of every class is talking about everyone's weekend.
She has clear favorites. I was lucky enough to be one. Good luck
she's nice and i like her notes and how she teaches. However, I have problems using her notes to help with the assigned questions (her example problems are almost too easy compared to the text problems).
Hard class. Even if you have taken advanced science classes in high school. I liked it but wouldnt recommend his class for a non science major. A bit condescending towards students when questions are asked during lecture. Almost too smart to teach this level class.
Loud, monotonous, and boring... does it get any worse? His tests and homework is pretty straightforward though, easy A if you can stay awake.
After taking Social, Abnormal, and Measurements with him I realized that if you are willing to put in the time and effort he is there to help. The quality (which includes difficulty) is high and though throughout the class it is difficult I have learned, actually learned (not placed in my short term memory) the most from him.
I only took up to trig in high school and opened my book maybe 3 times in that class. He moves very slow through the chapters which is nice. We only covered 5 in one semester
He needs to learn to put what he teaches on a test.
she a hard grader and her classes are extremely boring but shes nice and seems to want to help, shes a good teacher but teaches in a boring way.
Internet class, have never met her, only talked through email. Helpful, but takes awhile to get response from email. Difficult class online. LOTS of reading, somewhat hard.
get to know him because he grades based on personality and if he likes you
math251 is a hard class in general so it really doesn't matter what professor you have. prof morris puts you in groups based on skill and uses class time to go over homework/work over the concepts in groups rather than really delving into them. going to class is INCREDIBLY helpful. Do the hw even if she says it's not graded! it helps
Strict and no respect for students. Lots of writing hw. But when your essays come back, they're basically all A's. She also gives extensions if you miss the deadline ;). Take her. You'll learn something and you'll also get the added bonus of being put in your place :P
Makes the whole class do inclass labs that takes her forever to check. Be prepared to sit around for half the class waiting. Not fun
AWESOME, HIS GUNS ARE hilarious. YOU will ENJOY THIS CLASS AND learn.
This lab is ran by 3 teaching assistants rather than by Gene Sullivan, you will see Sullivan the first day of class and that's it. The lab isnt difficult but can be tedious, it is honestly going to depend on which teaching assistances you are assigned to. You take a 3 question quiz at the beginning of each class regarding your lab manual.
This is my second semester taking botany lab, and this semester I understood the material much better. Last year one of his TAs did the lessons and i didn't understand what he was doing, but this semester(when Sullivan teaches) he is much clearer. However, some of his TAs still do some lessons and they suck. Go over the notes 1 hour b4 class.
interesting, you can tell she loves it, but only C I have made in college
Dr. Dyer is affable. Will work with you. Wants you to succeed, class not hard, compared to the other biology classes.
ok...its true that she talks a lot about race, but overall i thought she was a good teacher, until her unfair grading took a turn on my final paper to reveal "incidental plagiarism" (which turned out to be false on many occasions)...doo yourself a favor and avoid her class, she takes role every day and it will most likely be a living hell
Its hard if you arent black...but it is still interesting
She is great, she makes the class fun and lets you out at least 10mins early everday! She is very fun and dances (even stipped a little once... weird) she is very forgiving and funny.
Professor Krieger is very knowledgeable, but really likes to make use of his illustrations. I recommend putting the illustrations into his outline because it is hard to take notes while drawing on the illustrations and he often skips large chunks of the outline. Show up to class, attendance is a biggy. Use the quizzes, he takes questions from them
Krieger is a good prof but be prepared to do lots of independent learning. A majority of class time is spent coloring. Invest in a tape recorder - he speaks fast. Write essays ahead of time and print off quizzes and terms list. Make it a priority to study daily and study EVERYTHING in the outline even if it isn't on the quiz. Did this and got an A-
Nice professor that knows a lot about the subject but lectures are really quiet, repetitive and boring; plus they're all online, which makes it even harder to attend/take notes in class
VEry good professor.. knows his material.. Need to pay attention and go in for help if needed. Trys to make it fun
i slept through out his class. men. snoreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. wow nap time. that guy was boring to me. he was an ok teacher but i feel it wasnt the most exciting subject for him to teach.
this class was not hard - unless one finds it difficult to memorize/regurgitate information. true&false tests in college? he will not challenge you to think. in fact he is strongly opposed.if you are smart/not catholic you will hate him & he will hate you. he will show it in class and in his grading
took honors history seminar fall 06. not very helpful, but knowledgeable. no tests, just weekly discussion papers on textbook reading. not the most helpful teacher outside of class. interjects his dry humor into class.
find a way to get on his good side and youre guaranteed an A
Weekly requirements are to submit a 250 word assignment on a chapter, attend class, and a 15 question quiz. I didnt learn anything from his boring lectures, but his study guide gave me everything i needed to know for the quizzes, which were worded to make it difficult. The final exam is EASY so dont fret.
This man knows his content, but is one of the most arrogant human beings I have ever met. Spends a huge percentage of class talking about himself and criticizing people. Typical arrogant, liberal, elitist mentality. Taught Personal Finance for Non Business majors as if everyone had multiple degrees like him. Take him only if you need humbled.
Very knowledable and to the point. She doesn't like anyone being rude which keeps the class on track. Not as clear as she could be but makes up for it by having open class to questions. Take home tests a little time consuming but helps you in the end. My opinion, second to Contreras. Take them both.
Seems to be slightly unorganized and distracted. But a fairly easy class.
If grades had no effect on your future, Cummings would be a great teacher. You'll learn economics the RIGHT way... but it'll cost your GPA.
Come in for outside help and you can do it!!
Brutal. Attached lead weights to your feet and threw you in the deep end. But, boy, I learned how to swim. I have had a quite successful career, and I keep coming back to this class as one of the main reasons why.
Fun guy. Great responses to students when they asked dumb questions. Material is dry, any professor would have a hard time with it. He does the best he can.
Look, no one can deny that the class is beyond easy. My huge complaint is that she is not intelligent, nor does she have anything new to say. Moreover, the middle school style busy work had me stuck in such dismal intellectual stagnation that I wanted to die.
Held a class on the Henriad, his syllabus was helpful in summarizing the themes he would include on a per-class basis. Very tough marker, but he would elaborate on every criticism on asked to a degree that felt satisfactory. My only big complaint was that his lectures begged discussion, but there were no tangible mark benefits for it.
Wayne Wentzheimer wants the world from his students. And their arm. And their first born child. The main portion of your grade comes from take home tests (and a take home final!) that are only 3-4 questions long, but seriously can take up 30 hours to complete. I would rather drink nail polish removal than have to do the final take home again. D:
Honestly, this guy is hilarious. He made math actaully interesting. His second midterm was actaully from the assignments.This class is also not curved which benefited me since the averages were always high. but switch into this class, you will love him! soo cute haha
I really enjoyed Dr. Merrill's class, I found her fill in the blank notes helpful, they kept me from falling asleep in an otherwise really boring course. You could tell she didn't really know the material very well but her tests were straight from the notes, read the textbook, you're in university, what do you expect? To be spoonfed test answers?
First midterm easy, second one everybody around me failed.Boring class, notes suck, don't even study from them, just use your book.Plus they have some mistakes in them.But, she is always willing to answer your emails and questions.Oh, try not to talk in her class alot or she'll kick you out.
Not bad I guess in comparison with the rest of CS profs, but warning, unless you're a nerd (as most of you are), his jokes and especially the nerds in the class laughing, will annoy you.
nice guy and good teacher once u get pass his humor lol
Lisa is great. She wont inundate you with powerpoints and pointless extra junk. Shes a networking teacher, and you learn about networking from her, shes a breath of fresh air talking about windows instead of unix. She also tells the craziest stories in class, very amusing, very nice, and willing to help if asked. pay attention and youll do fine
I read all the trash she constantly hands out,read every mundane chapter back to front,showed up to every single class,did everything as one should in hopes of an A. I got a B.Most all the course material is common knowledge any dolt should know.Do yourself a favor and don't sign up for this class.
you hit the jackpot, class is so easy
good teacher, not too clear on instructions and likes to hear herself talk (as garbled as it is). but very nice and helpful when you take intitiative
Sweet woman and tries to be helpful. Difficult to understand her speaking.
Very hard! Take LOTS of clear notes because that's half of every exam and READ the book because that's the other half of every exam! and the questions are worded in a confusing way so stay alert!
He is the best thing since sliced bread i am his granddaughter and he is KICKASS!
class can be boring but its pretty easy
This is my second class with her and I feel the same way I did the first time-- why is it so hard?? Her classes require discipline, intense studying, and consistent attendance. Slack on any of these things for any reason and your grade will suffer. She treats this class like it ought to be the priority in your life. She's a fun person, but too hard
Dr. Judy is a character. I have actually had fun in her class. There is usually very little homework for the class and she gives you dates ahead of time. The only "knock" about her is that she tends to make "everything bigger" by forcing our characters to be angry, even if that's not intended. Anger is very over used in her acting techniques.
Gives out study guides for chapters which are helpful.Must read to keep up in class. Like to get smart at times but has some interesting stories.Class can be boring.Will help if ask,be prepared to teach yourself too, periodic quizzes help grade too.
Not an easy class... you will, however learn A LOT! I was blessed with a strong team to work with. The board presentations are intimidating as hell. Kent's a great guy but be wary because he'll give pop-quizes on unsuspecting days (read: day after Superbowl Sunday and the day after Easter).
not too bad, has some wise stories
Hal is a great professor to work with. Some others commented on his "arrogance," but all I see is a man who has studied classics all his life and knows his stuff. Straightforward class, always knew what was expected of us. Very friendly guy and will answer your questions without making you feel like an idiot.
hes alright....i dont know...he can be pretty arrogant but i got through latin
He does not usually teach freshmen, so since I had him as one my opinion may be skewed. Nice guy, really knows his stuff about violence and archaeology. Was never rude or condescending in any way, but somewhat intimidating. He tried to promote student discussion most classes over him lecturing which was nice though.
Students feel discouraged to disagree with the prof. Plus, we hardly ever make good use of the text later on in the semester, since we were always discussing something useless and barely relevant. It seems as if the goal of the class is to make us think exactly like him. For some, it works.
He isn't super organized, which was hard for me, and his testing criteria never seemed to be consistent.
Very fun lecturer, but quizzes and tests are very confusing (typos, slightly altered terms, overlapping options). Also, class times are deathly terrifying for shy/socially anxious/phobic students. He tells great stories though.
easy. all we do every class is analyze websites. spent the whole class looking at Barbie.com and talking bout it. Then spent another class playing Oregon Trail the ENTIRE time. awesome. not alot of assingments and they are easy. no tests. only take this class w/ him bc i heard hes really hard for the other smad classes, but this one is def fine
The classwork itself is pretty easy...nothing you will be stressed out about, but my only complaint is in the grading. Sometimes its hard to know exactly what he wants from assignments...so despite the little work, be sure to understand what he's looking for.
I did not like this Professor McHardy. He always was looking for one specific answer to open-ended questions and would cut people off if it wasn't what he wanted. His lectures were not intellectually challenging at all and I was bored in most lectures. Wasn't that hard of a class and I think he has good intentions but not my favorite class for sure
asked me to partake in an out of class assignment where i would receive $175 compensation. never saw that money even though the other girl with me did. i took an entire day of class off to help him and i still haven't heard from him once. i would stay away.
Sometimes he can be intimidating, sometimes yells at the class when stressed!
Expects you to play two instruments in a semester at a high school level. Horrid, impossible final exam. Extra tutoring time is about your only option, be prepared to spend 10 hours a week in the practice room.
Definitely need to do the homeworks in order to understand the material. Very nice person and a helpful professor but not always clear. Grade is entirely weekly quizes and final but he dropped three or four quizzes. Wants students to succeed and always answers questions but isn't always great in conveying the material efficiently. Pretty easy class
Too all who rated him in 07-08. He had his kindeys replaced AND HE STILL TRIED TO TEACH. The reason he doesn't clarify well in class is because hes so smart. Take up his research project and you will see. He will help if you need it. Just because a student can't read a text book doesn't mean this guy should get a bad rating. 3 Take home tests...
very nice teacher. i just hate french!
Exams were easy but lots of writing. Your grade depends mostly on TA. Mine wasn't very clear or good but he was alright. Did better on exams than group workshops. There are lots of readings. If anything, just read the chapters and watch documentaries. Concepts are easy. There are easier soc profs if you're taking rigorous classes or are pre-med.
The most reading I've ever had in a class, its a textbook and a large course packet. Dr. Haghshenas is really knowledgable, caring, and passionate but the class puts way too much weight on reading. His lecture notes are terrible but he's pretty interesting and funny.
nice lady, willing to help....but very unfair at grading....u MUST BE VERY SPECIFIC when taking exams
Dr Rose is a nice guy who is very knowledgeable in A&P. He can be boring and goes over material very quick if the class gets behind, but was pretty fair for his exams. Class will require you to study, but an A is very do able with easy labs and clickers.
friendly, awesome, nice man but so confusing..i had to take his class (philology) for my FYE other than that i would not recommend
Cool guy, alphabet song is hilarious, and TA is really hot. Class...not so bad. It could stand to go a little slower, and he shouldn't use words we don't know quite so much.
I had her for Satire and it sucked. She had no control whatsoever over the class-- it was like middle school in there. Her grading was also not consistent, and she went over fairly basic stuff. Ugh. The site gives her a smiley on my rating, but I'm frowning.
This professor is a good one. She actually cares if you learn or not and it's something that people should experience at least once. The amazing thing is, there are so many students that take more than one class with her because they enjoy her classes so much. Definitely recommended but you must be able to read your textbook.
She's not too intimidating. Lectures are long and not that interesting, so do it for yourself to listen closely and take good notes (because the info will be on the exam). Exams may be intimidating because it is all memorization, so do make flashcards! She is good about responding back to emails. The book is not necessary but it does help :)
It was a crime this class was offered only at 8 am MWF, because you would sleep through the whole thing. And that sucked because you wouldn't get any info for your tests. I wished the Art history classes would be more than just rote memorization.
so boring, with a really soothing voice it makes it really hard to stay awake unless you are totally in to the material
Was an ok class, but we did WAY to much essays and readings for a GE art class, the mural we painted was teh high light of the year
I didn't hate professor Smoller but I didn't like her either. She showed little to no care for her students as the semester went on. Class is heavily weighted on exams (85% of your grade comes from your exams - other 15% from HW) she wasn't horrible but plan on teaching yourself or find a good group of classmates to study with. She did drop 1 exam.
Williams isn't that bad of a guy, just make sure you get a good homework group and keep up with his lectures, which move fast. Make flashcards of key terms, as that's basically what the closed book part of the midterm/final are focused on. Open book is difficult, be able to *recognize* the problem then use your notes to solve it. Does NOT curve!
WOW, really this guy is by far the dorkiest teacher on the planet. At first sight you'll know what I'm talking about. Really BORING class, not to hard of a grader, but talks about a "curve" that doesn't really exist and is more or less a false sense of security. Take if you have no choice, just don't get too close.
He's seriously one of the best econ profs at McGill. SUPER dedicated to his craft of teaching & the material - his ppts are detailed & he constantly updates himself on the info. He always makes time for students... He might not be the most friendly but he's really respectful & humble. His course isn't an easy A but it's priceless.
Very Fair. I attended very little class and did a medium amount of studying and got a B. Very serious about the envirnment and can coem off as a weird guy, but is fiar and not that hard.
I was really looking forward to this class. Nonetheless, it was very disappointing to discover it to be very unorganised. She knows the content by heart and is great at explaining it, but classes are really boring: just take notes of her going over the readings, and have two lame assignments + final to test for it. Great feminist, mediocre teacher.
She is hard at first, and you really want to hate her, but after you get out of her class, you see how much fun she was and how smart she is. She just out of the blue decided to take us to the Philadelphia zoo one day. We rode elephants!
she's all over the place when she teaches... no organization
lol@thinks he's indian take good notes,stories he tells r on multi. choice tests
I would only suggest taking this professor if you have a good Organic one background, otherwise the course will be tough. My grades were B,B,C,A,A and I studied practically 3 days before every exam. It Isn't impossible, just difficult. You'll probably end up with the ACS final, so be prepared.
His tight velvet purple pants, and electrical socket tie were just great. Funny man. Huge Ego. Arrogant. Full of himself. Funny, can explain it in ENGLISH-that's half the battle. Push aside his defects, go to Sarc, SI, and study 5-6hrs. a day and you will be fine. Went to his office often-he does help if he sees your busting butt. Hard Class!
i took miles for 2210 and didn't learn a tenth of what i learned in 2211 with elsheimer. he fully explains the material however he fully expects you to understand it come test time
Extremely lecture heavy and you need to attend them because she doesn't post her ppts online. There was a quiz for each chapter, 2 attempts and she dropped three of them. The quizzes were harder than tests, purely based on memorizing stuff from her lectures. 1 quiz is dropped. 2 tests and a cumulative final. Info on test is easier and from quizzes.
Don't under estimate the course. There are 4 exams, no drop & doing bad on 1 will bring your grade down a lot. Must attend lecture in order to get notes for the class & access to extra credit quizzes. Memorize everything. Shes smart but her lecture notes are very confusing. Make study guides of your own based on her notes.
Dr. Rani has had so much experience with the world and its wonders which shows through her class. This class was so interesting if you like to learn about different cultures but focuses a lot on the plant itself. Take notes from what she says as well as her outline. Random test questions from what seem like just stories. Hard tests so study.
I enjoyed her class. Her tests are very detailed, but all the answers can be found in the notes. Study early and often. The bonus points from her clicker quizzes really helped my grade! Great class for anyone interested in medicine.
Tests are very straight forward but don't rely on her reviews (they're awful). Even though she didn't write the book for this class, her notes are still word for word from it. STUDY EVERYTHING FOR FINAL! She gives you a list to know and then pulls other things from the semester.
Well...she is very knowledgeable in the subject...it would be an easy class but her multiple choice answers just pissed me off...ex: A. carrots B. celery C. Radish D. Both A and B E. All of the above...you'll get confused...but an "A" is possible
Very boring class, take something else. Sometimes I think she made stuff up.
Good teacher, very organized with the study guide. You will know everything she is saying if you listen, with the excption of the letters h,e,y, and s. Comfortable pace, no problem.
Nice, liberal, and very enthusiastic. Unfortunately, I learned very little about literary theory in this class. Majority of work devoted to pointless, new-agey "Mystory" project (not sure if he always does this or if just semester I took it). Only other assignments midterm paper and participation quizzes on readings. Not awful but learned little.
I only had her for the 1st half of class, b/c she broke her leg. But she was always at least 10 mins. late to every class, and never apologized for it. But her tests were pretty easy. She made class a little awkward sometimes by being super in your face about stuff, but she was still pretty cool.
Good professor. I didnt really use the book. But it can come in handy. Her test and final is too easy! Do the self-assessments online and u'll do great.
HARD HARD HARD HARD, and his stats class is HARD HARD as well... i do not recommend
Hard exams, Funny guy, Intresting, nice, not very helpful/understanding, Tedious classes, but an overall good teacher.
Definitely pick him over Kirkpatrick for 320. His voice puts me to sleep too, but think his exams are easier than Kirk's. Too bad I didn't get a grad pic w/ him.
god... the labs, what he teaches, and the exams are all off to themselves... they are the same material... just repersented completely differently from each other... >_<
Needs a while to get used to his accent.
He's incredibly fair and lenient with students, but his lectures do often end up being a little on the boring side.
Ok prof. Made students feel like sh*t after midterm and final. But marked relatively easy. Has thick accent that's sometimes a little hard to understand. Responds very slow (takes 1-2 days on average) to email questions. Explains most of material wel
Follow his own notes which are really confusing.. So messy writer when uses chalk board. Class gets 1/2 empty after break, only those remain in the class who are sleeping ... :P. Need PHD before we could understand what he is talking....
Can't really ask for more. He said he loves teaching. Exams are hard.
This professor is VERY tough...He expects you to the know the info right off the bat... Gives homework and is handed in as a grade... Tries to explain the material and does but his level of thinking is so beyond ours that sometimes is hard to catch up...Very smart guy...I put soooo much effort in this class and got away with a B...So Good Luck
The class in general is not easy, you will need to read a lot. I recommend everyone wholl take it to buy the codes for the books. We dont have exams, only quizzes. No extra creat. Most people said that the professor grades the assignments depending on his mood! Expect to have very long responses for the discussions, final assignment, and midterm.
Online class. Pretty straight forward. Not difficult at all just do the work and your fine. Late assisgnments are not good, definite penalties. Overall lots of reading
Oh my, be ready to write.
I have never written so much in my whole life. At least 10 hrs a week. You will learn alot and on interesting subjects, and no tests just writing. He can be mean so watch out, and the whole class knows what your bulletin board grade is every week.
i took his course online for an 8-week class. it was alot of work and alot of writing.
Makes class interesting, but unfortunately its 100% textbook and tests. I personally use flashcards to study and it's almost impossible as each test produces 80+ terms (since there's NO study guide to go off of), making it difficult to cycle through. Though he's nice, I wouldn't recommend. Me and my friends are A students and had trouble with him.
i took his summer course, well i learnt alot, but cant get a good grade~he didnt cover all the material and then have exam~and he missed the class~thats a problems
Very nice guy but he missed several classes unannounced, and didn't collect work on time. Personally, the lectures were really boring. I actaully wanted to learn more writing skills, but honesty I didn't learn anything. I got a B+ probably because I'd arrive to class (if he even showed up) extremely late because I stopped taking the class seriously
Marietta is a nice lady who isn't used to the teaching system. She is helpful and clear- but ONLY if you ask her to be. She does pick favorites- don't let her label you as a talker! She will ask you how your weekend was every day of the week, and cram all stuff she should have taught you during the whole semester into the last four classes.
she's not the type that will sit with a student one on one to help them but that's not her job & her grading was very fair. you really gonna have to study on your own & earn it on your own! she gives you what she is being paid for, which i cant really hold against her & nobody said that her course HAD to be an easy A
Sutton is very knowledgeable about Shakespeare and loves teaching. He cares about students and is accessible outside class. He gives a couple papers. I'm a bit salty because he assigned three finals on my class while throughout the semester we only had a midterm paper and just readings. No exams. Friendly guy though, never forgets his students.
Facilitator is amazing, but this is the CLASS FROM HELL! There are extensive assignments/modules to cover weekly, quizzes do not test readings fairly, and if you even have one other class, good luck. Lit log, reflection log, and quiz every week - be prepared to spend upwards of 30 hours a week on the course. Should be yr long ProfDevlpmnt class!
Dr. Brady hilarious. He also knows his calculus. He holds nighttime study sessions before tests and stays up all hours of the night with his honors classes. I learned the material, but his tests are ridiculous. Intense amounts of studying and using office hours barely got me a B. HW's not mandatory. 2 points ec for each week of perfect attendance.
Good guy who likes what he is doing and knows Math. BUT good luck following him he is all over the place. stops and tells stories about Africa and everything else. Can not read the board writes to soft and skips around on board as well. No homework counted towds anything so do well on the tests or you are doomed.
Not very clear. The test's are what make up the grade, and the test's are very hard and not consistent with the book's way of teaching the material or consistent w/ previous tests. Not highly recommended.
Fun class. Watch films, pay attention, write the stuff on the board down and you're good.
I love his grading scale. I advise anyone who doesn't like math to take him it is very hard to fail
I took this professor for theories of personality and while he may give hard tests and boring lectures, for anyone interested in grad school psychology,GRE prep will be THAT much easier. Just pay attention in class and be in constant communication and you will find this class not all that bad.
I thought the class was interesting because it was about motorcycles and otherwise I would have not learned about them. I loved the field trips, the in class movies, The Wild One and Evil Kanevil, and the book Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintainance. It was straightforward and a good class to fulfill the requirement with. I find him charming.
Awful, by far the most boring professor I've had in all four years. Treats you like you're in high school, no eating, drinking or going to the bathroom, seriously if you have a drink he'll make you leave, he did it about 5 times this quarter. DONT TAKE HIM
Class is 4 learning beyond a book. His truth can b awkward, but NECESSARY in order to grasp the material. Ok kiddies, ur in college,time to think of all sides of race&class in the context of PUB policy. Acts hard, but there is some wiggle room for serious students.Wk load wasnt bad,just wants to see student show effort.TAKE GOOD NOTES!
couldn't understand a word, but a fair grader
As a music major taking this class, I was disappointed. It was dated: there was a tin pan alley section, a blues section, and a country section. He did not really touch on rock & roll, and not a word was said about electronic music. The class basically stopped at 1965. His lectures were also unpleasant; very repetitive and rambling.
The description of this class makes it sound better than it is. His attendance policy is the worst I've seen of any professor. Don't get sick(like you have a choice) and don't be a moment late. He really should be teaching the 8th grade. Look at this guys ratings before and after 2006. Basically something happened and now he sucks.
DO THE PLANT COLLECTION! Study a lot, after every class. Practicals are pretty hard and there is only 2.
Dr. Hackworth has many years experience working with PLCs. However, some of his information is a little outdated (although the concept still applies). Quizes are open book and very short, and homework takes less than an hour a week.
Avoid at all cost, one of the smarter professors but likes to talk down to people and treat like they don't know anything. Most students are there to learn. Tough tests, tons of homework and takes forever to get graded homework back.
Nice old man, tends to get off topic a lot, doesnt cover that much info. daily and test are not difficult. Just dont take him early in the morning you will have trouble staying awake
Teague is a decent professor but her exams are not very similar to her powerpoints. Will emphasize points that won't be on the exam during lecture. Exams were unnecessarily hard(er) than should be. HW/research credits are 25% of your grade which really helps. Overall, an okay professor.
It's all up to you on this one. The in class lectures are often boring and unrelated (she'll go off on something for too long and we run out of time), so it's up to you to teach yourself the material.
If you bring your computers u'll miss everything--Its all on the test
funny french guy, GO TO LECTURE!
He was an okay professor, not the best especially when giving examples, he always used the same compound when learning new introductions for example, he always used 2-methylpropene for Alkenes. Test were kinda hard especially since the GSI's were hard grades. Overall i don't think i enjoyed O-chem as much as i would of
he likes you to know other relevant stuff that he presents in lecture so be sure to study those facts. very interesting lecturer although tests can be tricky and hard
accent a novelty. lecture material is somewhat hard to follow, exams challenging
Despite Radu's Romanian accent, he is not only unconventional academically, but engaging in his passion. To be certain, he is demanding, but dedicated, and more than willing to share his philosophy on the evolution of the mind as he is on the degeneration of community implicit in cuisine-- the saltiness of canned salsa can't beat a good goulash.
I do not recommend this teacher. Her exams are rough, c'mon. This is a 100 level class, 5-page midterm aren't necessary.
Class was insanely easy, but Lovett got on my nerves. Every class he would talk about how great he is and all his acomplishments. Great, dude, I don't care, get on with it. Oh, well, he's in Tennessee now, so no one else has to worry.
pretty boring class.. but its ok.. not too bad
For an econ class it wasnt that bad. Kinda boring. It was more of a history class than econ. 11 Quizzes (4 short answer questions on each quiz), drops lowest quiz grade. I just studied the notes I took in class and got a B+.
Take home tests but they are hard!
Tests are basically just a comprehensive homework assignment. Online hw, you get to try as many times as you want. I would keep all your homework assignments, they help you study for the test/final. Also drops test and replace grade with your final exam grade. If your not a finance major, this may be your best choice
Do not take for 3 hrs. talks too fast at times. tests not directly from skills needed in homework.
Good prof but boring class. He assigns a whole bunch of books and talks about a whole bunch of authors but never says anything about the books he gives us. The only assessments are 2 essays and the final, so not bad but he's really vague in his instructions.
nice man, but seriously misguided. he likes moore, ayer, AND wittgenstein (guys who's philosophies are totally incommensurable). ok, the man might be an alright teacher, but anyone who thinks that he's a philosophical genious (like all the other morons on this page) have no idea what 'philosophy' even is.
The prof is extremely knowledgeable but unfortunately not everything is as easy to grasp. You need to take additional notes in addition to the notes on the slide and he goes really fast. Also does not post lectures on brightspace
Great lecturer, clearly an expert in the field, but not very friendly and an extremely picky marker.
He was a pretty cool guy. He did things oddly though... he didn't test enough and he didn't even give a final. Because of this it was sometimes too tempting to slack off
I had him twice in a row. Ear Training 1 was kind of easy but I really struggeled with ET 2 and he only gave 3 tests so if you ****ed one up you were screwed from the begining.
Be prepared to rewrite and rewrite your assignments, even if you corrected them again and again. Just take the criticism and know that you will NEVER have perfection and there will ALWAYS be corrections.
I know she comes off as a nice and friendly teacher, which to the most part is true, but don't be shocked when her "friendliness" doesn't carry over to her grading. You can get above average and everything and still not even get a B. Plays extreme class favorites, if your not in BAP, you wont get an A, unless you got a 100 on the impossible tests.
Hostile out of class for sure...
Great professor, but material was just mega-boring.
wicked sence of humor but lectures not very clear, he goes off on tangents
All you liberal poli-sci students won't like her because she teaches from a non-liberal position, which some may consider "biased" though it is actually more moderate than conservative. She is not too hard and gives you the test questions.
He is helpful when you get one on one help, but class is confusing. I think he tries to simplify material, but in the process makes it more complicated and confusing.
if you dont know the answer say address
Seriously, I think I went to like 3 classes and got an A+. almost no homework
Not the best teacher ever, but is willing to help. Clicker points almost every class, Asks people questions during lectures, lab exams are difficult however if you stay after for lab or go to open lab w/ the TA the models used in lab exams are accessible for study. Exam questions are difficult and cumulative; however, he curves VERY generously.
I've had much worse professors than Dr. Stevens. His test are hard to prepare for and often questions are hard to understand and the material is beyond any anatomy and physiology class or the area. The connect resources are pretty much useless and his lab exams are difficult to study for. With all that being said his does care and curves his exams.
He is very smart and no one can deny it. This class requires books($513) and a clicker. But I used only one book(P&T) and got information from PASS. Actually, I could learn more from PASS than lectures. You will have a cat presentation, 5 lecture exams, 4 lab exams. Exam average is usually 40-50, so he will add 25-30 extra points to curve it.
A&P is not for whimps. You are expected to read the texts, form study groups, & NOT memorize everything. Connecting the dots to have a whole picture is what is required of this course. You WILL learn IF you ask questions & actively participate in discussions (both lab & lecture). I worked my tail off for that A & don't regret it.
Class requires dedication and motivation. Yes he is vague with what is going to be on tests, but if he wasn't then he would be giving you the answers. He tests you on everything possibly related to each section People who complain about it to being way to hard obviously don't try. Worked full time, took ochem, calc, and analytical chem noexcuses
Ms. Clarke was very understanding, assignments are flexible, and everything is available at once to help you get ahead. Only downside is her organization skills as they are very lackluster. Assignments were almost always graded late and she was not very tech savvy. However, I enjoyed the course and would take her again.
As a non-psyc major, I DO NOT advise anyone to take the course that is not semi-knowledgeable about the psyc field of study. Although assignments are easy ans she's easy to work with, the tests are extremely hard. Personally, would not advise anyone to take this course online nor as a minor course.
Class is easy, but professor is not on top of things. Technical difficulties, being on vacation, and simply forgetting are not excuses for students, but she expects everyone to rearrange their schedules of when they complete their assignments and exams when she has any of the aforementioned issues. Not impressed with the lack of professionalism.
Comprehensive test reviews and tests are multiple choice. If attendance drops, starts giving minute details in class that MUST be included in the exercises. One tiny ommission will equal a zero for an exercise (which is ridiculous). However, good grade still possible with minimal attendance.
Class was a drag most of the time, sumtimes funny. I never paid attention, sat in the back. Subject is really interesting. Do practice tests until u get a 100, they take about 3hrs a ch to get em all right. If u can get 100's, you will be fine on his tests 85%ish. Study notes for an A. Attend each class for extra points. Definitions are important.
Prof. Gillen's class was fun as hell. his explanations and examples can be very confusing but he has all sorts of study guides and practice tests online so it's easy to teach yourself the night before the test. His humor is enough to keep you in class!
This teacher, is really difficult with her grading. Although she does give 5 points extra credit in the 339 class. However, she grades very strictly and her lectures are quite boring, she tells too many stories about herself and it just goes on and on!
Good teacher, very harsh if you have any personal situations come up. Doesnt care if you have doctors notes, hospital records, contageous illnesses that are beyond your control, she just takes off points and doesnt care.. and you can't even e-mail her about it, must go through the TA who was not nice either. Aviod her unless u can make every class
Extremely time demanding class. I took great notes, but did not study correctly for the first 3 tests. Couldn't understand if it was content based or history based. I ended up getting Bs on the last 2 tests because I changed my study method so an A/B is not unachievable. Not the worst class despite what people say.
this course was hard work, but this is college people!
I am very glad I took the lab with her. I'm not a psychology major and I took it Spring of 2020, when COVID hit. She transitioned us online easily and did a great job. Just make sure to read and pay attention to the lectures. She explains things very easily and my grades just went up with each quiz/assignment/ exam.
He grades on a curve. I got a gross f and a net b. If that doesnt tell you how hard the class is, I dont know what will. The subject material is very broad and challenging. It includes everything from chemistry to quantum physics. That said, Schombert is extremely smart and interesting. Dont go into the class expecting to ace every test though!
Professor Schombert is an awesome guy. People will say he is rude, condescending, arrogant, and whatever else. But he is just a very smart guy who is hilarious that does not put up with stupidity. He knows the material very well and teaches it well. The giant curve makes the class very manageable. I will definitely be taking another class with him.
Very interesting to listen to and knows his stuff. .if only the material covered in class was used on the quiz! Helps people who are doing poorly in class more than people who are doing good. Covers material on a quiz the same day as the quiz.
The grading criteria is not standardized, so your grade really depends on your GSI. In addition, he does not respond to emails in a quick manner. In terms of lectures, he's alright-he just reads from powerpoints. He raised the grading scale to a 95 is an A last minute, which is not enough time for students to make adjustments.
Taking a bio lab online was not ideal and Ammerlaan honestly did not have much sympathy. He definitely tried to make it more accessible to us, but the quizzes were unreasonably difficult. I think he assumes that we know more than we really did. You NEEEEED to take Bio 172 with or before this class or else you are going to be so confused!
Ammerlaan's lectures got better after the switch to online. The class itself is a bit disorganized and way too much work for 2 credits. Your success also really depends on your GSI. Mine was a harsh grader while others gave out easy 100s. The two quizzes are straightforward if you very thoroughly understand the concepts behind the labs.
Since his lectures were not mandatory, I didn't really go to them but when they were moved online, I felt that all his video lectures were pretty clear and concise.
This class is only graded out of 200 points so its really hard to get an A/A+. Exams were honestly pretty tough. Labs themselves were kinda dumb. You do a couple of group presentations, write two papers that are semi-difficult, and take two open-ended exams. Prof was funny but made things harder than necessary. Also, points are rounded but not %s.
I had him for 173 and 305, and while I absolutely hate his style of notes with that stupid Microscoft Word format, he was actually a decent teacher in Bio 305. I mean he wasn't exactly inspirational or amazing, but I mean he got the concepts across in my opinion. Exams are hard though, but that's not unique to just Ammerlaan for 305.
I couldn't stand Marcus' teaching style. Save yourself some time and don't go to lecture. He spends 50 minutes teaching material that can be covered in 20 tops because he goes off on tangents and loves to hear the sound of his own voice. He also doesn't believe in practice quizzes, so make sure you get old test keys from friends; it will save you!
I'm not sure what I just experienced.
Biology 173 is definitely a lot more work than expected for a 2 credit class. Your grade really depends on your GSI and if he or she is tough. You need to put more work than expected, but Ammerlaan is more than happy to help. Really liked him as a professor. Hated my GSI. Ammerlaan is very fair and a really good person if you get to know him.
His lectures are kinda bland, pretty much just reads off the notes that he posts. Quizzes, however are pretty difficult, he uses applied concepts rather than memorizing facts. Papers are kind of ridiculous. Some of the articles he uses are way over students heads to grasp, let alone write about. Seems like a little too much work for a 2-cred. class
He is really cool, he led my lab once instead of my GSI and he is really down to earth and funny and loves to teach.
For all the people who are whining about his quizzes: suck it up, this is college. People complain about them because they test critical thinking rather than route memorization. People complain about how time-consuming the class. Those people obviously cannot manage their time. Lastly, the grading has to be tight because this is a pre-med class.
Comments also apply to BIO 207: He's hilarious, approachable, clear but not understanding. Read the book for help but be very familiar with his notes and concepts - that's what he tests. Lab was a joke but fun! Always study for lab checks - grading's tight and you need all the points you can get. Start papers early and/or show your GSI your draft.
The class was challenging for non-bio majors, but not impossible and he mixed the science and social aspects of disease really well. The hardest part dealt with DNA but it was worth studying the extra 35 minutes a week.
doesn't know how to stress what's important...makes the exams a lot harder than they need to be
I have had Marilyn for two classes, received a "C" in both. Her study guides did condtradict the book, and her lectures. She as a person is funny and talented, as a teacher though, she is tough.
when you're in a basic drawing class, you shouldn't be expected to draw like the teacher! she will only give A's to people who already know how to draw very well.
good teacher, very easy. does NOT respond back to emails. and takes forever to give papers or anything back. he seems very lazy. but whatever, hes easy, take him...
Easy class. Boring but easy. Teacher has low expectations, so dont feel intimadated by him. He just looks like that.
I agree that the prof is rude and hard to approach. But she knows her stuff and is very clear with her expectations right from the beginning of class. Suggestion - for the midterm make up your own case study (option B) - you are almost guaranteed an A.
Well, Diane is a good person but when she lectured she uses a autocratic style of teaching not accepting any other ppl views but her own. I ended up with the highest mark, I really think that she was subjective and did not reflect the ability of the ppl.
I get a feeling that he just doesn't like teaching. He makes it look as if he's doing us a FAVOUR by explain something (hello, it's his job). You'll learn much more by reading the textbook / doing labs (tests are 40-50% excel).
What is taught in class are the basics at most but what he asks for in the tests are much harder. So many times he treats the students as if they are stupid. The past tests he has on the lab computers are from exactly 10 years ago i.e. USELESS and although his lectures aren't boring, he seems to want to leave class more than his students do.
The most boring teacher I've ever had. Had him at 8 am and couldn't stay awake. Lots of outside reading so be prepared. My major is Biology and he made me want to change it.
Can this lady get any more GLOOMY? I believe that i could teach this class about as well as she does, because she just reads slides that came with the book. Her tests are broad!
incredibly hard to reach- doesn't respond to emails until days later. very unorganized. lots of extra credit opportunities, class isn't awful. never bought the book but some test questions are pulled from it
This course sucks no matter what teacher you have but Saponjic is great. She is hilarious with her stories! Very nice and friendly and gets back to you quickly on emails. Take her.
Don't answer her questions, they're all generally rhetorical. She's a fairly typical art hist. prof. Has a bit of a temper, answers questions like you're a bit slow, but over-all I like the woman. Makes me want to know more about art. Not for slackers.
Got a good grade in this class, however she had a class the semester prior that basically the whole class cheated on their Research papers and she takes this out on her classes now Considers everything plagiarism and knows every single way to cheat. she now has really high expectations, and she is constantly repeating herself to hear herself speak
had her for Architecture studio 1... she is very hard and demanding... overall,the best teacher i have had since i started architecture, she really pushes you to do something that you didnt know u could do, take her to maker sure that architecture is for you.... learned a lot from her... great professor
I honestly did not know what we were talking about 90% of the time. Get ready to be assigned several one hour drawings or more per week.
extremely intelligent, one of my favorite classes of my college career. it was evolutionary psychology, senior seminar. man i loved that class. i think if people think it's boring it might just be they're not that into the material or something.
Mr. Morris is somewhat disorganized at times. CS390 was the toughest course I've taken. Nonetheless, Mr. Morris was a great professor who cared for his students. His office hours saved me. You could not ask for a more caring and kind professor.
Morris is ok. I think his classes are a little too easy and he doesn't really stress the importance of certain programming practices. I recommend taking Zeil or someone who gives you an opportunity to work in large code environment like how it would be in real world. Morris is highly recommended if you dont want a career in serious programming.
Lizotte is a good guy. Tries to make himself look like a hard a$$ on the first day of class but everyone sees right through it (everyone can tell how laid back he really is). A bit disorganized at times but very knowledgable about methods, statistics and firearms research.
Utter communist. It's not that I don't see the flaws with capitalism, my problem is that not once were we ever encouraged to think critically about the texts [which sometimes presented opinion as fact]. Holding and expressing an opinion that wasn't his was reacted to as if you'd simply been brainwashed, and oh, one day you'd learn. Frustration!
This guy is so funny. Also a great prof.
Don't misspell anything on a paper - she doesn't "forgive"! She knows a lot, though, & you'll learn something profitable.
Goes off on many tangents and tests aren't necessarily from lecture. Definately look over all of the old tests that he posts online because some questions repeat.
He is not the best proffessor. Jokes way too much and talks about his family alot so you end up learning less. My advise is to study on your own using old tests & reviews coz he puts those on tests.He doesn't do a very good job when explaining. Hard class
Not Funny. One trick pony (using the same jokes). Very left wing with his lectures (not good for PLSI prof.), can't argue with him. He has his moments, but that is it.
Classes can be difficult to follow at times, but her classes are the only ones available for Asian history at CSU Bakersfield. Group assignments are not the best, but her enthusiasm for the subject is what makes her classes thoroughly entertaining and educational in the end.
Great Professor, his talent is wasted on undergraduate students. Extremely boring lectures but he covers the material.
boring!! he will help if asked.
Cancels class often. Honestly didn't learn much of anything. Never gave us the grades on our last two papers. Seems like a nice guy. Not a hard course but showing up for cancelled class gets annoying after a couple of times.
Don't let him scare you off~~~ He isn't that bad when you get used to him!!
Detrani is a very funny guy who always seems to make the time in class very interesting. Expect to write two or more pages a week in analysis form on any particular movie, most of them very entertaining and thought provoking.
he makes the class alot of fun. but you also do not learn as much as othe professors.
Very knowledgeable person, but has a difficult time teaching on our level. Math is usually my strong suit, but I struggled through his tests. They consist mainly of word problems combining two to three different problems. Practice the HW problems without looking at your notes! I still have nightmares over this class
The lectures are helpful at times. The material appears to be simple but exams are tricky. Watch out for the wording of his questions. He seems to favor attractive females. Good luck.
Phil of law. Looks like Tom Green in a sweater vest and has a very monotone voice. Class not too bad-lots of reading, but only 4 papers & a final (which is only 2 essay qs). Going to the class doesn't help much.. he doesn't take attendance, and all he does is talk about the readings from the previous night. Boring, but an easy greade.
Not too difficult, gives alot of extra credit..be there days after the test for extra credit..some things are difficult to grasp with her teaching,but not too hard!
Professor Kim is great! His accent is not that big of a deal. The course can be very demanding and his exams tend to be difficult and a tad excessive in length. He cracks strange jokes and his eclectic mannerisms during lectures break up the mundane. Be forewarned, His 9B with Kim will not be an easy class. I enjoyed him overall tho.
He is very proud of being an "old-school" professor. You just can't help but work hard for this man because you want to say "HA!" to his face. (Though you probably shouldn't). Knows more about old-style Kanji then any Japanese native I know. I would give A+ to this one heck of a professor any day.
Nice guy and very helpful! Only downfall is his grading and clarity on the topics. He tends to go off topic and repeats himself often.Two tests (all open notes,computers and book) and a paper. DO THE STUDY QUESTIONS (he gives you the answers)! and ask plenty of questions...
i had fun in this class...yeah, he has his own little sense of humor...be he really makes the class fun...you figure out his jokes, eventually!! HAHA ..but really, i enjoyed this class, actually learned quite a bit, Got a B for the semester and had fun all at the same time! :)
Exams are fair--know how to work out problems. Lets you bring a formula sheet and gives lots of extra credit. Very reasonable professor--would take again.
Well... all the sociologists we learned about were male, which kinda bothers me. I'm glad I didn't have to deal with any rabidly feminist theories of the oppression of women, though. (I like sane feminist theories. :) TAs grade everything, but they were pretty cool TAs. Class is okay. Topics are all pretty general.
Very good teacher. Didn't understand what i was doing all semester and still got a B. Put in the effort and he'll reciprocate. Very helpful out side of classroom.
Homework, quizzes, and midterms were pretty easy if you went to class and paid attention. She made sure you knew what would be on the midterms. The final was tough though. Very long and hard to finish in time, which I'm guessing was her intention. Overall easy and straightforward but watch out for the final. She yells a lot too.
I never learned anything when I would go to lecture. Would spend an entire class doing one problem. Her way of teaching is terrible, does not explain what new material is being taught. The class average for both midterms and final were around 50-60% in my class. I do not recommend her
Not really a bad teacher... Just gave tough tests. Seems pretty reasonable and if you ask her to help you out with your final grade and you showed that you put forth effort she will. Annoying at times but the fact that she learns all 200 peoples names is not only impressive but shows that she does care about teaching. Take advantage of this
ok i don't get the rumors that me410 is hell, although katsube cant speak english and plays the name game half the class she makes her exams very fair, she's not the best, but there's worse, so take it with her, plus there are plenty of easy points ie CAI
he got angry at the class when we forgot something we learned back in 10th grade math, gives decent notes, but be sure to study cuz his tests are much harder than his review sheets
Overall a very nice, caring professor. She is passionate about virology and it shows. My only problems with her class were that she words questions very, very weirdly. I almost spend more time trying to understand what she means than answering the question itself. I took 300 with her and had the same problem.
Lectures were all over the place, and there were far too many group exams.
Rev. Rice is an alrite teacher, but is so full of himself it is nauseating.
sigh....this guy is INTERESTING... but not easy! u come to class and u write down everyhting he writes on the board.. from there u study that and be ready to get a 50-70% on the quiz the next week lol... u can right down "I DONT KNOW" on any question and he gives u half the points.. but as i found out that isn't so helpful, i mean it's only 50%!
She wasnt a very hard teacher. Don't buy the book, you wont need it. Just buy the myeconlab access code online and save 50 bucks. She does not take attendance and she posts all class notes online but DONT GET TOO COMFORTABLE SKIPPING! Tests are fairly easy, only about 1 day worth of studying necessary. She grades on an awesome curve so a 70% = 3.0
This class isn't the easiest. I've heard there are easier macro teachers. She has notes everyday (which are so boring) and she posts them online. I never went because when I did go, I never understood it. I just went online and printed them out. NEED BOOK for online homework and written.
Let's just put it this way... I have to re-take the class in a different semester since I failed her class. I tried so hard. Exams and written/online homework are not passable. I couldn't pass any of it and I was always studying the book and the in-class notes. She's horrible...
Not a bad teacher at all. Teaches it relatively clear, writes down all notes on the overhead, and posts them online. Extremely helpful for studying. Not really boring either.
SHE KNOWS HER STUFF BUT BABBLES ALOT EASY 3.0
boring.. but you'll get detailed notes with this snail pacer and repetition
Lecture definitely not worth it.
Occasionally tries to make lectures fun by setting of firecrackers or using other demonstrations. 99% of lecture and discussion is typing/writing. Very minimal student participation in class.
So youre pre-pharm or pre-med? Well, the bad news is there's no way of escaping this professor. After an entire semester, I have not seen the man smile once and he is very unapproachable.The tests are difficult but they are doable if you study hard, and the labs are easy (be prepaed to stay the whole 3 hrs though).
Not much help being an online course, but she does provide an analysis of the texts used. Theres like 5 childrens books that are read. Midterms have questions beyond what would be expected. Theres only one essay. Final consists of two essay responses, midterm is multiple choice. There is a discussion board on each book.
The most boring person I think I will ever meet. I couldn't stand to sit in her class. Some of the readings were boring just like her. And way tooooo tuff on papers.
Seems like a decent guy, but doesnt know as much as he thinks he does. Will pontificate during class time. Gets some information wrong, doesnt respond to negative feedback. Stifling.
Mr Chandler is great. Always willing to help with personal problems, academic problems or anything else. Very helpful, funny and wise. He teaches you real life stuff that isnt in the book
Very boring but also very easy. Deal with the lectures and take the easy A.
OK. haven't had her yet (not til 1-150pm today) and already I have had two upset stomach aches and nausea. I had her for mgt341 and her tests were HARD. Took a group to take the final. Tests look 4eign from work in class. Her idea of a test review is ONE QUESTION AND ONE QUESTION ONLY! The textbk is not cheap for this course either...
Okay...I just found out I have to take this prof again for MGT441 in FA '05. What's up w/that?! Now I'll have a total of 8.5 months w/this broad. Sing fat lady, sing! FYI: Prof. S is purposely failing us to line her own pockets. That's why her tests are impossible to pass. She's plotting against us!
She is scatterbrained (loses work, forgets what she has and hasn't taught-then tests you on what she didn't teach) and is not very effective as a teacher (once curved an exam by multiplying all our grades by 3!!). Will most likely get an A or B w/ curves.
Very time consuming class.. Have a group paper due everyweek on Harvard Business Cases, have to re-do every week until it is perfect. I reccommend not taking it with MKT 440 at the same time.. quoted from the syllabus "you do not have a life outside of this class".... true statement right there. However, he means well and is very helpful.
good prof when it comes to material ... funny at times ... like him best after Patrick and Gault
Boring teacher, with a few funny comments. Teaches off the board. Tests aren't easy, but fair. Four tests throughout the year, no midterm, no final. Multiple choice, essay, and graphs. Little homework. Goes slow. Very low book use. Takes attendance during the beg. and doesn't at the end. Usually comes to class 5 min. late.
Flynn is an excellent teacher compared to many other accounting professors at west chester. however, his exams are extremely difficult and he grades the tax returns very tediously. Tax 1 was a big struggle for me and i typically get A's and B's in my classes. I took tax 2 in the summer and passed with a B-. keep up with the work every week!
This isnt Flynn - I promise. I took his classES many years ago and to be completely honest - I'm happy I did. As much as the class blows (inevitable, its tax) and how hard the exams are, he definitely prepares you for the real world. You honestly gotta be on your toes and you gotta put the time in. Make sure you form study groups - it helps!
Eventally, I passed this class by doing nothing but studying day by day such as memorize all his notes, did all the problems over 10 times, and make sure you understand how to get all the answers......What a terrrible experience !
classees are the two hardest at WC flynn is a good professor but makes things to hardeven if you work so hard still may only barley make a Ci am glad i am done w/ these courses
Do mylabs which is your homework grade. Daily quiz's expect review and test days. Four test and your final. It's easy if you take good notes and DO MYLABPLUS. She not one to round your grade up if its 89.5. If she makes a mistake she fix's it and sit next to people who can help you she does do group quiz. She drops four low quiz grades. Take her
Great teacher,however she could've been more clear on what we need to study. Dont buy the book because you wont need it.
This professor is very boring.His tests are not very hard but they are not easy either.No multiple choice.I regret that I took him.
Lectures are full of information and usually interesting -if- you've done the reading. Occasionally goes on tangents, but they're informative (e.g. how cheese was accidentally discovered). Provides study guide for final that's >95% material that you should know if you paid attention in lecture and discussion. Not an easy class, but worth the work!
Read whats in the syllabus for the tests and study for all tests. Her voice is very monotone but a great professor. No cell phone policy, she will call you out.
soooo boring. the most interesting thing about her class is her. she is hilarious even though she isnt trying to be. she runs the class like an fifth grade class by making you have a permission slip for a labtop (which i never got) and she spent the greater part of the first class talking about abbreviations. In her defence she knows her stuff.
I thought Ms. Somers was just a strange lady. She gives you stupid assignments, acts like she knows everything, and often times treats you like a class of first graders. I stressed the entire semester about making a C in her class, and I somehow pulled off an A. Her work wasn't hard, just pointless.
Although the material is difficult, I feel as though Ruina's lectures are well-organized. He drops your lowest exam and homework grades, and I feel as though he's not trying to fail us. The emphasis on MATLAB is very strong (which I personally don't like), but it seems as though this might be useful in the future.
Ruina is probably one of the smartest guys I ever met and he definitely tries to help students (ie exam problem redos, dropping lowest grades, etc.). However, despite his good intentions a few things backfire (ie exam redos result in simply a higher mean with smaller deviations). I hated how he used a textbook he wrote that just echoed his lecture.
Textbook is not useful at all. Lectures are fast and confusing, it almost seems as if he tries to confuse you on purpose. It was hard for me to understand, esp since the textbook was so poor. He def tries to be helpful though, and drops the lowest homeworks and prelim probs.
She is a nice, clear, and overall a friendly professor. Her class, however, is very poorly managed by undergrad TAs. Assignments are graded inconsistently, and some TAs know what they're doing while some don't. Exams and Case Studies were also poorly designed, and needed clarification. Good and clear teacher, but class is terribly managed.
Not an easy professor but definitely brilliant. Her lectures are clear but can get a little dry. Class participation is key. She really notices students who show an interest in the subject, either through class participation or by making appointments with her (she doesn't hold office hours). Attend class office hours and you should be okay.
There are many office hours for this class, which was helpful for completing homework and case studies. The midterm and final were very hard, most of the time the actual questions do not resemble questions asked on the assignments. Lecture is mostly spent mindlessly copying down notes. I only took this course to gain background for BEE3600.
Knowledgable on what HE thought was interesting. When asked about matters not directly related to his lectures, he is evasive and uninterested. Takes personal offense if one of the readings is unanimously rated as boring. Puts on airs...a wannabe intellectual.
Fun to listen to, VERY lenient on assignments, use your notes on EVERYTHING!
Dr. Hartifield is an excellent teacher. He will go out of his way to help explain things more clearly especially during his office hours. The man is hilarious during class. The guy has his own poster of his famous sayings on his office door. My biggest complaint is that his test are EXTREMELY long and hard. He also has a short time limit for tests.
Get a B! For free! This guy is awesome chicks and dudes, take him.
He's the man. Lots of golf and Michelob ultra talk.
I graduate SVC 6 years ago. During that time, I hated his class. I returned last year to visit my professors, and found Quinlivan to be the only professor there with his feet firmly planted on the ground. Take a few years to see what the real world is
Professor Keeling is very informative in his lectures. When going through the PowerPoints, he does point out key points that he expects you to remember - they will be on the tests! The tests consist of 27 questions with multiple choice and short answer. Follow the PowerPoints and examples given - they will be helpful to you.
Second class I've taken with Mr. Keeling and would take a third. I didn't buy the book and got a B. Follow the slides. Pop quizzes are somewhat hard but only counted for 5 points of your grad out of 100. Short essay about any topic in the world relating to labor unions. Tests were tricky. I lot of A, B. C a or b, D all of the above choices.
He has a serious I dont care attitude. He always thinks that he is right.
Stick to the books in order to survive
In a perfect situation Duncan would be a great teacher. He interacts with the class, seems friendly and is very intelligent. But the reality is, he takes things personally, a very bad characteristic for someone in a position to educate. Once he aligns himself against you, consider avoiding him at all costs and not depending on him for help.
The lectures do not help much to what you are tested on the prelims. He cares about his students and wants the best for them but has an odd way of showing it. Best advice is to attend discussion, GO TO PEER-LED, and get a tutor. Do the pre-semester math quiz so you can get into On-Ramp before the first prelim. Extremely time consuming class. GL
Professor Lee's second prelim actually made me cry. I don't think he is an awful professor but definitely not a good lecturer. I mean, things he taught relate poorly to what's actually on the test and he changes the prelim structure every year by making prelims harder and harder. If I were ever to take his class I would drop out of Cornell FR!
Dr. Lee is definitely an interesting man. He wants each student to succeed and teaches entertaining lectures. With that being said, CHEM 2070 is probably the hardest class I've ever taken. The way the curriculum is designed makes it very hard to utilize outside-of-cornell resources (ex: khan academy). GO TO PEERLED (and on-ramp/1007 class) to pass!
Didnt handle pandemic well. Tests were hard last year, and this year is even harder. Were tested on things we didnt learn . I can say I learned a lot but what I learned isnt tested very fairly in the online. Try to take this class when its available in person, it will save your life
Lots of work: lectures, pre/post-lecture HW, mandatory discussion, lab, "optional" 2-hour peer-led that's not really optional because lab quizzes and exams are based on it. AP chem doesn't help since Lee teaches stuff like physics/MO theory/particle-wave duality. Never used textbook. Fun demos in class. Can seem harsh at times but he truly cares!
Chuck is extremely opinionated and stubborn so don't try and argue with him or you'll be shut down.Luckily his opinions are interesting and I loved his lectures. The material isn't hard he just has tricky test questions so it helps to look over older tests to learn his style of testing. Overall strong professor.
Good content for the course. The class was much too large and didn't allow for much discussion. Instructor was overall engaging but kind of pompous. HORRIBLE at working with students with disabilities and VERY INFLEXIBLE with due dates and accommodations needed.
When he actually got to the material it was interesting but rather biased. I enjoyed most of his opinions but I don't need to hear a 20 min rant about how we need to get the H1N1 vaccine before every class.
He was very knowledgeable and interesting. I enjoyed going to class, although at times I had to ask myself if he was going off on a tangent or if I should take notes. But I'd take him again in half a heart beat because it was interesting! I had no desire to take Soc too, but glad I did!
good guy, pretty easy, just lots of papers
Interesting guy, but often blabs on too much (i.e. 30 min) about current events that have no relevance to the class curriculum.
If you are considering this course as an elective, I would urge you to reconsider unless you are fine with a grade that may lower your average. Although an interesting course, I would never take it again and I would never recommend simply because of her fact that she is such a hard marker.
Students dislike Barby because he's tough, however: you'll know what he expects and his exams are fair. He also genuinely cares that you UNDERSTAND the material, not that you are happy with your mark. That is what people don't seem to understand.
Very tough prof, but very fair. Cannot teach to save his life but tries very hard. If the class demands of him he will give you resources that will make up for his lack of lecture skills. His exams are very fair though. Absolutely no surprises or tricks, and he does do a lot to teach you what to expect.
Spends a long time on topics near the beginning, rushes at the end. Fair exams. His class notes are extremely useful even though they don't seem like it at first. For clarification, approach him one-on-one.
very nice and helpful, but poor teaching, poor organization skills
Damn, this man is GORGEOUS... Really nice guy who cares a lot, just can't teach.
The guy teaches like this stuff really matters in life. A very knowledgeable person. Knows his****. Very easy and straightforward exams. Read his slides like 5 times and u'll pass exams with 80s. I am happy to have him again for ECE 231
gorbie, why do you mark the exams so hard???? the exam was so long, majority of the class is below 50%, yet you still won't bell the marks? although you do try to help if we come to you, i'll give you that. be easy on ppl man.
Dr. Atkinson was a very entertaining lecturer - his lecture videos were old but still explained the concepts very clearly and was easy to follow. This course was very reading heavy as 95% of the content was only available in the readings, but the textbook is relatively interesting and most of it isn't too bad.
I really enjoyed this class at first, I had an 88 from all the assignments and the work was actually pretty interesting. The final was impossible, I went to all the online reviews and studied non stop and still did poor. Aside from the exam this class was fun. work as hard as u can during the sem because the exam was very difficult
You feel like you are in a movie pretending you are in class, and not really learning much; with all the music and movies. You forget everything you memorize for the exams a minute after writing it. Funny prof however.
great guy, poor prof.
hopefully he's come to the realization that you can't make up a course on the fly, and plan it out in commitee. clear prof, but the course is retarded. labs suck (other comment edited out). way better than jim barby.
Instructor has a huge Knowledge, Troubles with clear and consistent language. The class itself is very interessting, but needs a lot homework.
I did not love Laura Allan, I thought she could be a little condescending at times. A large portion of your grade was also from group projects which are great if you have a strong group but terrible with a weak group. It also seemed that each TA marked different and averages would be different lab to lab.
I found laura made the course harder than it needed to be. the material was pretty interesting but she bogged it down with all the reading we had to do. My TA sucked, which made me hate this course. Overall easier than bu111 but beware of the readings and group presentations.
Very impartial towards her, she is clear and a pretty good teacher but can come across as stuck up from time to time too.
- she's not hot, she's old - she doesn't explain anything, and everything is "her" style of teaching it, it's not practical or even used in the real business world... for example: BU121 accounting is laura's version of accounting, which is confusing and stupid, not like real accounting
Do the readings she assigns.
hands out candy in class to get ppls attention. She will stop & bring attention to u if u fall asleep AND YOU HAVE TO ATTEND HER CLASS TO GET NOTES or find someone who went to that class! notes arent always clear cuz nothing is written its all in speech. Attending a different lecture on the same day gives u different notes its never clear!
I like powerpoint, but don't fall asleep or u get poked... the labs are good
Learned more in the labs, doesn't get to the point
She's a heavy information prof. Learn your class notes !
She's a wonderfully nice person, however I found her class extremely uninteresting and her marking ridiculously harsh.
Doesn't teach you how to relate questions to the theory material. Very hard to understand what the heck he's asking on an exam even though you know the material inside out. Keeps the class interesting, but unfortunately that's not what we're here for.
Shows hard examples, that most can't follow. Very smart guy, but can't teach!
man, didn't even finish half the final exam
his enthusiasm for the subject borders on scary, but overall a very good prof
I think she's a cat. I bet her house is decked out with "Hello Kitty"
I took VB.Net from Irvine. I learned a ton; my coding skill increased 100%. This class, however, is very monotonous. All variables/functions/sub routines must be in alphabetical order, comment every line, comment the closing of every code block, start every variable with it's type (intThis, fltThat). His naming convention is detested online.
Very hard teacher, he wants u to "eat up" all the unnecesary information in the book. So basically the book was our professor-not Irvin Bob.
Good lord, this guy made the sexuality class fun. A blast. Great way to get a credit.
Really willing to help students with their questions though his replies usually does not answer the questions
Overall, good professor. It is easily apparent that she cares about education and passing it along to the students.
So I got an A. Do the journal or the final will suck. The journal is reading a primary source every week and writing a page on it. Tedious but not that hard. Final is an in class essay for 40%.Study the prompts and know specific examples.I liked the class because I like history and had an awesome TA (Higdon). Participate every discussion section!!!
The lectures were boring and if attendance wasn't mandatory, you really would only have to go to the discussion sessions. Do the weekly journals, it will help you in the long run and makes your final paper 10X easier. Kornfeld is really enthusiastic about history and teaches history from an interesting angle but the way she presents it is boring.
Awful teacher! Do not take her! Really boring class, covers useless topics and has an annoying teaching style. Attendance is taken in discussion and lecture. Stay away if possible!
BORING! Avoid her at all costs! It was only hard because it was hard to pay attention to such a boring teacher!
The class itself, is relatively easy, but her lectures are SO BORING they become a test within themselves. Did I mention that they have the TAs take role even though it's a 500 person lecture hall? Boo!
Really great prof. Used powerpoints to go along with lectures which are available online before class. Exam was really easy; multiple choice, short answer, matching questions and the essay questions which you get every class. Study and follow the text book and you will do great.
I liked him, he was hard but he knew what he was talking about and i actually learned something in his course. I recommend him!
I think Dr. McCormick is Xtremely smart which sometimes prevents him from explaining clearly enough--however, he will do everything possible to help you if you make an effort...Very Good prof overall
lets you believe you're doing well in her class, then she will fail you....hard marker
Funny guy, hard mult choice part of the exam but easy essay questions. Gives you study questions at the start of the year and uses those for the exam. VERY easy to fall asleep in his class until he throws out a random yell
Doesn't even try to make it interesting.
This guy is awesome. A little disconnected at times but he still tries. Easy class and he gives you plenty of time to do everything. My favorite CPS teacher yet.
Levesque is well-versed in and passionate about NR art. However, the way she arranged lectures is that unhelpful. We went through tons of images many of which were simply skipped due to time limits. She'd often go off on a tangent (e.g. a minutiae in the picture) and forgot to inform us of the most important theme. Exams are not that hard.
In the beginning, I thought I wasn't going to make it to the end with her. She can be rude and will treat her classes like first graders with making them repeat nonsense over and over. Gives extra credit and a chance to pass but she's really not that great. Take someone else.
She is chaotic,annoying,confusing,nuts,funny and nice. I do believe that she cares if you try hard but still..... If I could do it all over again I would not choose her (wish I had known about this site before.) I have put in a huge amount of work but wouldn't be surprised if I fail this class.
He's funny, and was rather helpful towards me. But can be cold at times.
I've taken 3 classes with the man. His class is exciting - H is charismatic and engaging. Outside of class is a different story: He plays favorites like no one's business and is cold and condescending. Take his class but beware.
Professor Lusk, while a very intelligent man forgets he is teaching to students and showboats his vast wealth of knowledge while teaching at his students. I luckily passed this class being the only class I have ever struggled in. You must show up to listen to his wild tangient "lectures" or you will not pass.
Awful,awful, awful, has good intentions but is expecting a bunch of graduate students in his class. Did learn good stuff in the lectures, however weekend papers were a nightmare especially knowing it was going to be an automatic D anyhow.
Really nice guy. Goes off topic a lot. Example quote: "let me tell you about dogs, but before I tell you about dogs, I'm going to tell you about feet, but before that I'll tell you about snickers bars and cypress trees." Three projects, long but detailed directions make it easy. I'd take him again.
very nice person, tests are difficult but then again, so is the material!
Cannot understand the material but can get A!
Dr.Leamy for sure knows what she is doing,she is a mathematical genius.However,her teaching skills do not match her intelligence.She grades homework for accuracy,and this wouldn't be bad if her lectures were more understandable.
She flies through the material, and her tests are ridiculously hard. Practice tests look nothing like the actual test that she gives. She assigns webwork that is way harder than what she teaches. I did all assigments and missed only 1 day of class and got a D. WTF?
Open book, open note, easy A.
I dont usually do this but this guy is just too soft spoken to be a professor. You can hardly hear anything he says.
everything is done in MATHXl, gives extra credit for test, in class lectures goes fast, teaches multiple section in one class. MUST take GOOD notes.
Good Professor, very helpful. I have had 2 of his classes, and will have him for Trig in August.
GREAT PROFESSOR! Am not good at math at all but be made me felt like I was a math genius. he does not used a book. All his assignments are on MATHXL. Lots of work but very easy to understand. Please do not procrastinate and wait for the last minute to do assignment. OVERALL I received an "B". I am going to take him again for MATH0028
I had him for Foundations of Rhetoric and I thought I was going to die. TOUGHEST TEACHER EVER. I do not recommend his classes to anyone.
easy prof. esp. for this class take during may minimester
Funny guy, cares about students
He is one prof who is all over the girls...He has his favourites in class and gives a hard time to the rest of a class...but he teaches well
Bad notes, writing on the board is really small, sometimes unclear. Go for help during office hours, he explains well one on one. SUCKS if you haven't taken accouting before - prepare to read the whole book
Exams are fair and quite easy. Lectures are boring though, as I attended 5 classes in total. Sleep in - you won't miss much.
He marks you on participation every single class... but he takes up 90% of the time talking about his own experiences??? So many students will have their hands up to give input (AND GET MARKS) but he disregards them starts sharing his own stories. Not a fan of the marking scheme, he's very knowledgeable and likes to show that off.
One wonders whether this course was doomed to be boring and tedious from the beginning. CS 330 may be mostly simply memorization of concepts with no meaning, but most people were hard pressed to do the work required to get a high mark.
I have a difficult time understanding Hewitt's accent, although funny, and his writing on the boards. He uses yellow chalk to write and most of the times, with his incomprehensible handwriting, it is extremely hard to copy down. The Math 137 Mid term for Fall 2014 was written by him, and it was a bit challenging compared to previous midterms.
exams are fair, but tough - very enthusiastic about the content, will not waste time, but will provide extra examples anytime you ask; if you need better explanations, he will always encourage you to go to office hours, and tutorials are helpful with the assignments
Good prof...didn't like having my midterms marked while i was there watching him mark it. Insults you a lot when he does this (esp. with the proof questions lol don't take it personally :)) fair midterms, very difficult final!!
Professor Johnson is nice but kinda boring. Test are made up of her Power Points but she uses study guides. Any homework has to be handed in, not turned in online. Class material is interesting and is an easy A.
great class... interesting topics...tricky sometimes on the test...easy papers....
You will have to look hard to find a teacher who cares more than Prof Grossman
ASK FOR CLARIFICATIONS ON TESTSQUIZZES. the wording on exams is very tricky I will admit! Dr D is very knowledgable about the material she presents. The book isn't necessary, everything you learn she provides in lecture and in the lab manual as well. The lab and class coordinate fairly well, but the lab testquizzes isare definitely harder.
Was an awesome, enthusiastic professor. Always willing to answer questions and help students. Made botany very fun. But tests were a little harder than I expected them to be.
An alright class....Botany. I would recommend taking it at the Biological Station at Beaver Island if possible. More difficult that Microbiology or Biostats. take into consideration.
Id say hes a great instructor but his grading is the worst Ive ever seen. You will have low grades.
Impossible paper grader. Good guy though and willing to work you with you. Just hard to get above a "C" on that term paper....
Tests were hard, class attendance is a must.
i thought he was a good teacher untill i found out he quite screwed up in his thinking i had a b average in class anf the final exam day i took the exam but i cudnt mark my answers on the scan sheet untiull the last minute,he didn accept it n gaveme a 0.
went to class 3 times, got an A--know the review sheets for tests and youre fine
Nice shoes Studying is a must Not an easy class Wear alot of deodorant cause she will call on u Suck up as much as possible Her favorites will be the ones that make all A's and know all the answers
Hes a very nice and caring professor, I liked him as a person. His teaching method isnt very clear. He doesnt lecture he only does in class group work but provides no examples or explanation on what to do. The test are very difficult and youll have to know how to use the very expensive calculator ($180) I wouldnt take him unless u already know calc
FINAL SUCKS, go to review sessions for tests and study that stuff! Do well on test 1 and 2 because the final is impossible, I studied 2 hours everyday for a week with people from class and I still failed. He tells you why proofs are right but not with lots of examples. Great guy, Okay class.
Class is lecture heavy and boring but notes are only presented in class (not put online) so attendance is mandatory and counts towards your grade because he calls on groups to answer activity sheets done in class. Exams are the same as the review and are 60-80 MC questions. In-class notes and activities are irrelevant to the exams.
His lectures covered everything. Nobody ever asked questions or said they didn't understand the material, so he assumed we understood everything and kept moving on. Was always very willing to explain in greater detail. Exams and quizzes are hard, but fair. Don't miss class since he gives attendance points. Nice man & very knowledgeable.
Carol is fine. She talks about stuff that is so irrelevant and makes us do some pointless assignments. However, everything is pretty easy and the workload is manageable. There are no tests which is nice, but usually, a textbook quiz is due every week or every other. You get assigned a group and work with them the whole semester on a big project.
Carol is a nice woman, but she has turned the class into nothing related to COB. I feel as if I'm taking a social issues class. We do group projects that she grades very peculiarly. The stuff we read/learn/do in the course is pointless. She makes you take a number of paid surveys for no reason. We talk about topics that aren't related to business.
Assignments are super easy (couple of homeworks, easy group presentations, 2-page final reflection paper). DO NOT skip her class - she's a stickler for attendance. Basically talks about social issues/current events the whole semester, so if that's for you this class should be an easy A.
Carol Hamilton is a perfect example of a Professor utilizing their position to push their personal agenda upon students who may or may not agree with her. Supposedly a "business" class yet all we talked about was racism. Easy class though and she is a nice person.
Essentially taught myself the material from the textbook, lectures do not help as she just reads off the powerpoint which you can access before class. Tests are multiple choice so that helps some. Wouldve gotten a higher grade but gave up and stopped doing assignments after changing my major.
very tough grader. She wants her assignments done exactly how she wants them done. not a very clear grader. not very clear on what she wants. attendance points give extra point to your grade, definitely helps. offers a couple extra credit opportunities. definitely do the extra credit. lectures from powerpoints. required textbook and course packet
She has good intentions. She truly cares about the subject matter she is teaching as well as students. She attempts to cram to much material into one semester. Her Lectures allow you to understand the material but they DOES NOT prepare you for the Test. The individual presenations are informative but need to be scaled down in time.
Tests are extremely hard. Also, she takes a participation grade. How high school can we get?
I found her public speaking class somewhat easy if you stick to the quidelines.
Decent teacher. know your stuff well or you wont make it. class is interesting. 3 Tests determine 90% of grade.
This class is so hard, the teacher is so confusing when he talked. He likes to make jokes in class but they aint funny. He talks alot, trust me, u will fall asleep. 2 exams, and final comprehensive. Hard as Hell. Dont take him if u are not talkative.
read the book which is so easy and youll do fine.. tests are 20 multiple choice and 10 true false...if you work with people you like the project is not bad at all
HUGE/Hard group project. Tests from textbook. Not a bad prof ... but gets boring
perhaps a little difficult but i like him as a teacher. he really knows the subject and he can actually be quite funny in a dry way. i like his lectures too, it just depends how interesting you find the subject matter.
She is not very personable. Attendence is not required- however that is the only way to get the powerpoints, participation and notes for the exams. Basically no extra credit available. Not flexible for disabled students despite documentation. Class is interesting but hard. TINY desks and she expects you to use your book,calculator and notes on it.
Lane was an interesting guy teaching an interesting class, but it was plagued by many issues. Many long assignments graded in the toughest ways imaginable as points were knocked off for not "being amazing." Many hours would go into an assignment that would simply result in a B for seemingly no reason. Cool guy, but tough and confusing professor.
Had to write detailed papers every week. I NEVER got full credit for anything, always a point or two off (others students said the same about their scores). I thought I was doing pretty decent in the class, then got a C+ after busting out all those papers, plus a group final. Ridiculous. No tests, but not worth it. It could have been an SWS class.
I put "0" effort into this class and still got a B. He's funny and makes 3 1/2 hours go by fast. He grades kind of tough, but things will work out in the end.
Lubert is hard. End of story, exams are nearly impossible and the final is insane. He has a haughty attitude and makes students despise him for it. He finally gave us a final study guide, 8 pages single spaced... There are easier professors out there, drop if at all possible! (2 Exams 25% each and final 45% with 5% movie posts)
Class is boring if not interested in the subject...not too many assignments though...3 essays and attendance/participation is entire grade. LOTS of reading though.
study the review guides, lectures are soo boring, don't alwayshave to attend
Incredibly pompous, bit of a closet-liberal, but still very knowledgeable and funny. Pretends to hold class "discussions" which really just end up with him speaking for most of the period. Tough grader but not unfair. I'd take him again if I had the chance.
Fun lectures, Takes Attendance, However 9 books in one semester is a little rough, and he grades the 4 papers tough...I was told all 4 times I did not state or discuss my thesis and got no better than a 75 on any paper (im an ISAT major thesis are all I do)... Do not take this teacher unless you can fully devote your life to reading his books!!
be nice to J.J Butt...he's hard, but interesting. Overall good- upper level.
Learned a lot from him but he certainly only appreciates the sound of his own voice. Three exams make up your whole grade and he grades them very harshly. He really cares about the wording of your writing so basically take down every little thing he says in class and regurgitate it back to him on the exam.
Well, I got an A, and studied for about 3 hours before each exam. The only reason someone should NOT go w/ Debrot is too willing to answer questions that are truly non-sensical and asked by people who either don't pay attention or got in to JMU on legacy.
a great guy, walked away with a good foundation in phil
This class in general is tough. The first half of the semester is really rough, once you get into the SQL, it becomes easier, but still challenging.
Professor Dee is a very sweet professor who is passionate about what she does. Her exams. They are extremely difficult due to the multiple choice style and the amount of material that she includes on each exam. Exams are all multiple choice but the questions, for example, are styled; "Is the answer A, B, A&B, or none." ...No process of elimination
Most of your grade is based off of 12 canvas quizzes from the coursepack and then there were McGraw Hill quizzes as well. There were no exams, but many times the class lectures are all over the place.
so scatterbrained it was impossible to know what she was going to ask on the test and what she was expecting on the papers. Nice lady, not great teacher
Professor Dee is very boring and this course did not teach me anything useful/that will pertain to anything important in the future. The tests seem easy but the multiple choice can throw you off and you can easily end up with B's on them when you should get an A. Textbook was a WASTE of money, never opened it. Online HW assignments were also dumb.
Really nice and funny. Airheaded at times though. Interesting and useful class.I really enjoyed it. Easy second writing requirement not as much writing as I expected. She is unorganized sometimes.
Interesting class. Prof. Dee is great! Love her raps - never fell asleep during her class. Review sheets are helpful - but exams are somewhat wordy...can get through them though. Take this class!
Internet Class very hard, not very clear.
Intl Fin. The Hardest subject and the hardest professor. I got A in everthing except the final and i ended up with a B. You will know your stuff in the end but this is no joke. he pounds you like a dog.
Many concepts learned in his class that are important in the finance industry. Yoon teaches pretty well, however sometimes he does not explain everything as well as he should. Overall, the class has 3 exams, 1 excel project, 1 report. His grading seem to be fair, but wait till you get the final grade! Good luck
idk what everyone is complaining about. Not gonna lie his methods and assignments are a little out there but overall hes a cool dude, and grades pretty easy. Lot of presentations but almost automatically gives u a perfect grade even if you dont present. Boring beg of the year but got alot funnier, and he takes jokes very well
Good professor. Respected, and for good reason. Lectures are useful but not boring.
VERY hard class!! Exams are very tricky. Great Prof and very funny!
nice teacher,tests are STRAIGHT from homework.Learn the hw and it can be challenging at times.Final is tough,study
This class was manageable if you stay on top of the work. I liked using WebWork for tests and quizzes because you get your grade back immediately and multiple attempts. I disliked using it for homework because if you were stuck, it was hard to succeed. I appreciated that he would move back quizzes or homework if the class really needed it.
He has tests that have very few questions so if you mess up on one, your grade for that test might drop. Overall the tests were not that hard and its based on the homework you do. His lectures are long and he definitely has an accent but the homework can be done without watching his lectures. He uses a online textbook for tests, quizzes, and hw.
Hard to understand and couldn't use projector correctly so it was very hard to see board. Quizzes were once a week out of 10 pts, exams were 15 questions or less so be sure to study his sample test. Assigns easy non-graded hw but his tests were entirely different and very hard. Nice guy but you gotta work hard even with his 15 point grading scale.
You will get fairly use to his accent. Quizes are only 2 questions, and test are typically around 10. If you correct him during class, you get a point, which is 10 points on your next quiz. He has his own grading scale A - 85, B - 72, C - 52 D - 45.
Doesn't grade papers unless you turn them in early. If turned in early, he gives extra credit. Same with assignments. Tests and papers are worth almost all your grades. Fine lectures, makes them interesting, but rambles at times or repeats himself over different days and doesn't cover all of the material because of this.
We learned quickly in this class that it was his way or the highway. He was super strict with guidelines and formatting but I learned more in his class than I did in many others. He only wants to instill the proper business communications standards into us and I appreciated him for that, even if his teaching style might not be what most are used to
I liked Dr. Kerr's lectures and teaching style. Just WATCH OUT on any essay assignments, he's extremely critical and will catch the smallest mistake. Take notes on everything discussed in class because it will show up on the exams. Dr. Kerr is quick to answer emails and help you with questions.
Nice enough guy. However, very strict on the outline and presentation. If given the option, sign up for the later presentation dates. His part is more enjoyable than DB's.
Not too enthusiastic but I actually liked him as a professor. His Managerial Economics course relied heavily on Microeconomics so if you know your Micro this class will be a breeze. All tests are 25 questions, multiple choice. Final is optional, same format of 25 questions. Take good notes.
he was so easy. just showup and take notes and his tests come from that and the practice tests he tells you to do which answers are given. no attendance or hw...easy b
UGH - chemistry at uva is ridiculous. It's not even right. Harman was alright - he knew what he was doing - but i still didn't learn much. Uva pretty much sucks. steer clear.
Book is horrible, Calculus of Variations, I suggest getting a book that has better examples. Good teacher though. Very nice and tries to make you understand. I suggest going to office hours for examples if you truly get lost. Confusing notation for Calculus if you're not a math major.
Possibly one of the hardest classes. He refueses to help you out when you ask him a question. His response will be one fo two things: the answer is on the wiki, or have you checked the wiki? He insists on using MapleTA, one of the worst and most unstable programs ever. It will mark you wrong even if you arent. Avoid him at all costs!!
Tests are much harder than "last years tests" nice guy but homework, classwork, and tests are hardly connected if at all.
tests are not relevant to hw, report problem is a waste of time, nice guy though
She's nice enough, but veeeeeeeerry boring. Class was extremely easy though despite the fact that I didn't have the best attendance record...The final was 30 questions, multiple choice, non-cumulative. It took me 15 minutes. NICE.
really easy grader! i took her tues/thursday class and she barely kept us an hour...her slides are extremely boring and kinda of useless. if she didn't count attendence as participation i wouldn't have actually gone to class! i would definitely take her again its hard to get a bad grade in her class
very easy class but very boring. if u can stay awake through the movies and lectures, its an easy A. no books to buy which is great.
Super chill prof, always extends deadlines. However, he barely teaches, just reads off 200-slide powerpoints. You're better off skimming through the slides on your own time. Your grade is heavily based on projects instead of tests, something Al believes in since he comes from industry. Cool, experienced guy who could do a better job at teaching.
Pretty decent class. The effort you put in will reflect on the grade you receive! Pretty good MSU class.
This professor does great at making the subject exciting and enjoyable. You'll definitely have to focus more so on the online textbook since the tests come from mainly the book, more-so than her actual lectures. It's important to attend lectures or you'll easily slip behind on the material and on points.
I hated him. He entertained himself in thinking that southerners are ignorant and the all mighty people from the north will lead us neaderthals out of the stone age. I would NEVER EVER recommend him. He thinks he is the best thing to ever happen to Criminal Justice. Truly, I feel sorry for those who have to consider him a coworker.
Oh Fritz. He never really taught anything. You read on your own time. He answers questions for the first 20 min. Then you get into groups. The readings were confusing if you have no prior knowledge. But over all he grades pretty fairly.
Really great teacher, gave a lot to think about, best director I've had.
Sweet lady. It just was really hard to convince myself to show up. Its a boring class and easy to zone-out. She posts videos on capture but doesn't post the power point or study guides which I would prefer because I don't want to watch 50 minute videos. You also don't find out your average until the end which is frustrating.
Hated this class, hated this professor even more. Attendance is mandatory because of clicker questions but she was so unfriendly and boring that it made class miserable. She treats you like you're in high school and really makes the class infinitely harder than it needs to be. Take a different class for your lab science, she's not worth it at all.
Despite the fact that I hate Bio, professor wasnt that bad. Shes nice, interested in students' opinions, puts up slides on webct. Tests are a lil tough, too much information to memorize/learn but not the worst class ever.
Good notes for class and is alright as a teacher. Tests were somewhat tricky. Only thing I didnt like was that she told us to just study our previous tests for the final and the final was only about 20% from old tests and the rest was other stuff from your notes. Other than that she isn't too bad.
Had him for Macro. He's weird/funny, always offering after class help. SEEMS to be teaching well UNTIL YOU TAKE A TEST! I read/ re-read all chapters, used the practice tests and study guides he provided, but then the actual questions on the tests were ridiculous! Its as if he took the practice test questions and asked a 4 y/o to mix n'match words.
He was nice but he didnt teach in easy terms! THe textbook was really hard to understand!
He has issues...I would even go as far as calling him a troubled man. He is rude and condescending and always has an aura of negativity. He should have stayed in Chicago..if he was as "smart" as he thinks he is, he would have gone to the University of Chicago, instead of Northwestern.
A VERY challenging class but he gets you involved and makes you think WAY outside the box (get the deeper meaning out of everything) I was never interested in History but he definitely kept my interest just grades really hard on papers and his tests are not just "fact" based but moreso concepts from lectures - definietly recommend taking the class!
he's alright. i agree that he can teach his material in a matter of 10 minutes but makes it taking so long that we spend an hour learning about one simple thing. he tells random pointless stories a lot. your grade is based on 3 tests and 4 labs. tests are not open book and the way the test is made up is what makes it difficult. its not a scantron.
good teacher. Tests and labs can be hard, I really studied and didnt do as well as I wanted too. Be prepared for hard tests
The coolest teacher next to a few others. Fun, interesting and if you had the class and went on the trip around the middle of Michigan... well worth it!!
The coolest teacher next to a few others. Fun, interesting and if you had the class and went on the trip around the middle of Michigan... well worth it!!
Promotes a great Teacher Really Unites Many People 2020
He's not bad. You have 3 exams and 1 book review and it has to have approx. 750 words in APA style, I didn't completely follow the format and got a 46 out of a possible 50 pts. His grading scale is : each exam is worth 16%, class participation 26% and Book review is 26%...I think participation should never out weigh the exam so whatever...
Not a tough class. We did not use the book at all. This was an online class. All assignments were writing. No multiple choice tests, just papers and discussion boards. Makes you think.
i never went to class ... then again EVERY test is open book, phone, laptop, etc. first day of class he told us we would have to beg him to give us lower than an A in the class.. he wasn't kidding. homework every week but a 50 gets you full credit. i recommended this class to my friend as a GPA booster in the future.
We didn't receive a syllabus until a month into the course... we had our first graded assignments handed back to us on the last day of class... you never have any clue how you're doing in the class b/c you never get anything back... reading the articles isn't necessary, just raise you hand all the time in class
There was no curve. Lots of hs chevron students left. I know many who were failing. There is lots of he but the test qs were not as hard as the hw. I think the class should have been curved instead of failing half the class. That is one major gripe I have with the entire department.
Lecture heavy but provides ch outlines! 2 hours ea video but i sped it up and took notes w/the outlines. Pretty detailed, makes it interesting esp for it being election year, makes a few jokes. ask for help? he's a "figure it out" type professor. Municiple report for extra credit was another hour of a vid+essay. Overall satisfied with my grade.
B16 is a different kind of course, very laid back - he lets the class run itself, which can be as challenging as downright annoying. I found myself wondering what the hell I even attending class that day for. Half the freaking class can be filled up by non-relevant **** talk. Very liberal, very "out-there." Lots and lots of reading...
Great instuctor. Very informative and funny. Would love to take another class with him.
she doesn't make u do the busy work, can be broing but thats just the lab
class was not what i had expected. only are required to do three homework assignments. three tests and the final, drops the lowest homework and test. can use note card on all exams. she can be very boring and rambles on about her cats
This class was easy but there were so many assignments that I feel were unnecessary for an elective. There were 20 quizzes all 30 questions each, 5 exams almost all over 100 questions, and other random lengthy assignments. A ton of busy work but the work is easy. It sucked having to sit at a computer screen for 3 hours taking a 150 questioned test.
Really easy A. Clicker required (for attendance mainly). Lectures are long and boring, minus a few interesting parts. Thorough in his work & powerpoints. You watch movies/documentaries half the time then quizzed on them with clickers in class. Practically the same online. Test/Quizzes online, goes over answers in class, open to discussions.
He is very boring and trys hard to be funny but hes not. If he didnt take attendance i wouldnt go. The whole semester i sat in class and read the chapters. i never paid any attention to him. online homework, its really easy if u use your book, plus you get multiple trys. some inclass exams but they arent hard. his TA got on my nerves
ZZZZZ.... Oh.... What? I almost fell asleep thinking about this class. Thanks to him, I will make millions inventing the "Pillow-head" which is a pillow mold to fit to the side of your head for the most boring of classes.
the most boring professor
This class was sooo easy!! Anyone who wants to take an easy Calc class should take this one. He has an accent, but after a while you can understand. He even gives out bonus points to add onto the test. And his review for the test is just like the test!!
Doesn't take roll or collect homework :) Tests aren't too hard. THICK accent.
Very funny. Class is sometimes boring. Test were kind of hard. Just go for a C.
I thought Dr. Shealy was great in the sense that he was always available to help me when I needed an encouraging word or assistance on creating a thesis for my paper. However, his lectures are very much the typical college lecture and dont involve much discussion amongst peers. Oh, and his quizzes killed me. Study the text a few times beforehand
Head for the hills! Boring class, doesn't talk about literature and doesn't care what sudents think even though most of the students had a good amount of knowledge on the subject. Not reasonable and basically I hate him.
Funny speaking voice. Only two tests per semester, so you better know your stuff! Be prepared to write like crazy, cause it's all essay.
Good guy, very friendly, but way too stubborn and opinionated, class is boring
Easy if study and do the Assignments and quizzes regularly. Tough otherwise.
Professor Roberts is great if you are a.) naturally talented in the field or b.) interested in a career in computer science. For those people, she is helpful, attentive, and on the ball. For those taking her class as a GenEd, she is highly unhelpful, and answers every question with "you should know this".
next time I program I will program her making sweet love to me, she's a babe
I failed the first exam, barely got a C- on the next two and failed the final. I wound up getting a B- for the course. Show up to his office hours, let him know that you need help. Make the effort and you will make the grade in Michael Montgomery's class.
He was a good professor. The only thing that I would complain about was his multiple choice tests. There should 1 right answer and 4 wrong answers, not 2 or 3 quasi-arguable answers and 1 wrong answer.
He gets off topic easily & is pretty funny though we never know what hes talking about. There are very clear guidelines to the papers in which he is very strict on grading. I literally never came to class but since writing papers is a strong suit of mine, I aced them and left with a 4.0. His critiques are very helpful
Alright teacher. Exams are pretty tough. Says the words "right" alot and she is pretty boring.
she's not bad but has very different style in teaching
DO NOT TAKE. Highly disorganized, to the point of making the students schedule a time outside class time for final presentations. Extremely long and boring lectures, not to mention he's constantly bragging.
Does not help you prepare for the test in any way whatsoever. He tells you how many questions there are as if that is supposed to help you do better. Does not set you up for success and tests do not accurately reflect what you learned in the course as they are pure memorization
Prof is good at teaching, but rude and condesending when you ask questions. I don't get economics- I'm a chem major, so whenever I would ask him to clarify something he basically called me stupid. Still made an A- I guess I'm not that stupid afterall.
He tells some stories and makes the class bareable. I did not take macro prior to taking his micro class so I was a little lost on some subjects. Overall I made a C in the class and I only opened the book once. Use the Study Guide PLEASE PPL! Tests use alot of tables/graphs so Study them! Clicker is used for attendance quizzes so be on time!
Do all the problems he assigns and do corresponding problems in study guide. Know how to do the problems well before the exam. Practice the problems. Get the picture? Do your homework and do extra work in the study guide. Sometimes he'll put problems on tests that are not exactly like the homework, which is expeced from an MBA professor.GreatClass!
Some say she 'keeps it simple'. Thats because she waters down her classes and doesn't teach very much. Students who don't want to think at all like her a lot. She'll even teach you how to tie your shoes if you ask her, nap time is fun.
WorkMakes class fun, which is good, but when the tests come, look out
I thought Found. of Story would be fun. I want it to be fun. She doesn't. She's not sure what she is doing herself. You write papers, longer papers than in any English class that I have taken. Treat this class like a 4000 level course. The quizzes will hurt you bad so depend on your Group Grades. Hopefully you'll have a good group like I did.
A mild-mannered fuzzy bear. Very vague assignments, to a fault. He focuses on the theoretical aspects of CS at the expense of semantics and practical aspects. Very helpful and caring, although lectures can be so theoretical they're hard to understand.
Eccentric and excited about new media, not always clear on what he wants
such a weird subject ... i would avoid this class if possible. SI saved my life. i never went to class because he was always so far ahaed.
Very moody and talks down to the class often. Doesn't seem to expect much out of her students, and thought the class consisted of 8 year olds.
she doesn't focus on exam questions, which make the dept. exams difficult
takes attendance, quizes are hard,
Nice enough, but very out of her element when it comes to writing about lit. It's obvious she's more of a technical writer, and doesn't enjoy investigations of deeper meanings. Grading is skewed...when you see some of the things she appreciates more, they're not the higher quality...difficult to know what hse wants.
Nice lady, expects you to KNOW a lot, compositions are the worst, but drops LOTS of grades. STICK IT OUT, good chances to pull grade up
she's really nice but not very clear. u can use notes on tests.
dr. sun has a thick accent, but knows her stuff.
I took the 2 hr 40 min class and almost fell asleep every time. Besides a random joke here and there, lectures aren't exactly riveting, but assignments are graded easy as long as you follow the prompt. Not tech savvy so grades are posted much later. He hated people leaving early or coming late (but he usually released my class an hour early).
I didn't go to most of his classes because all he would do is ramble off about irrelevant topics that have nothing to do with what we would be tested on. Basically it's a teach yourself everything from the online textbook sort of deal
The requirement for Gauss's Sociology 101 is straight forward, two exams and four short papers. A textbook and reading are required since Gauss is not a great lecturer, and the exams are based on the book. Short two-page extra credit papers, based on PBS videos, are often given. Gauss is also very forgiving in his grading.
4 essays, a midterm, and a final. The essays are easy As. He gets off track and is weird but entertaining. Attendance isn't mandatory or even necessary but do NOT show up late or he will make you leave. The test is based off the book but there are some questions not covered in that or lectures. Reasonably easy though.
Gauss is always asking questions and getting the class to participate in discussion. He sometimes deviates from the topic, but is very knowledgeable in sociology. He assigns four papers that are always interesting to write, a test, and a final. MANY extra credit opportunities with reaction papers. Only read the textbook for the tests.
He's really interesting to listen to. His class is once a week for two hours and 4o minutes but I think we got out after 1 hour every single time. Just a warning: he hates when students come in late, sleep, eat, talk, etc. and WILL call you out and ask you to leave. attendance is not mandatory so only go if you will pay attention (which i suggest)
Gauss's lectures are useless in regards to the tests, but are very interesting, don't show up late or he'll kick you out. He has 2 exams (100 pt each) which are based ONLY on the book,4 writing assignments (very easy to do last minute and he grades easily), and a few reaction papers (one pagers) to videos he assigns as hw. Offers extra credit too.
No major complaints but I've had better
Monica has a very high level of energy and she can be funny at times, but that does not make her a "good" teacher.
A waste of time... might ruin your GPA. Pass on this one....
She was a fun teacher. Easy grader.
I had this teacher 2 years ago...and i still don't like her. Yes, it is an easy A. But, I came to college to learn...no to hear about your life stories and write papers about BS.
He expects u to work for the A, and rewards u with an easy final. Book is a must, and take notes in class. Loads of extra credit (movie summaries and PowerPoints on your favorite band). Made a B by showing up and studying book prior to each exam.
At times funny, but mostly just cocky. Class is much harder then it should be and there's only 4 grades for the whole semester.
ok Dr. Cloer is a bit of a jerk.. but is kinda funny. the class was MUCH HARDER than i expected. exams were very tough. i thought the class would be a joke.. but i was surprised... very difficult. i made a C... which was my lowest grade for the semester... basically if u try hard from the beg. it isnt so bad... good luck! final grade is 4 exams
Nice outfits. Easy to pass.
It is very important to know how to take in-depth notes as fast as possible since his lectures are generally the basis for the tests. Mr. Ruane offers extra credit opportunities, which can greatly help a student who is grade oriented. Keep track of your grades, as Moodle is not kept up to date by this instructor.
Hard a freaking crap. I made Bs on all of my papers and projects but still managed a C. very confused. Way too much work involved in the class (and no I'm not just disgruntled). I had little time for anything else. Very tough grader, very. But I am actually a better writer now, what do ya know...
Easy, just read the slides, attendance not req. (only 2 in class assign at random)if it were not for Connect HW, book not needed, plenty of extra pts on test. He makes it very easy to get a B.
He really makes a student earn the grades. Sometimes, what he looking for is not what he presents in lecture. Read the books assigned to class.
definitely not a very interesting class. Most of the material was already covered in previous psych classes. The new stuff doesn't start coming in until the end. She gives a closed book online test with about an hour to do it (plenty of time) and then an open book test with 24 hours to do it and then averages them togethe. Final not cummulative.
I really enjoyed his class!
I think he is the best teacher on our lovely campus. He challenges you. I love it! READ THE BOOK! He warns at the beginning of the semester, listen to him! That is the ONLY way you make an A. KNOW YOUR STUFF with him! He will call your bluff. Also he is available to talk and will tell you about your progress and let you know any areas of weakness.
He does think very highly of himself. Apparently thought I wanted him just because I asked if I could shadow him. Would not recommend him as amentor! Good professor if you can view the blackboard around his big head!
Nice guy but extremely big headed; thinks he knows everything there is to know about abnormal psychology; acts weird sometimes and his tests are always multiple choice and very misleading!! Puts things on test that you would not think he would test you on
hardest B I've ever worked for-learned a lot- looks at you kind of weird
group projects are pointless and time consuming for too little part of your grade. just turn away.
Prof. McCall is a seemingly sweet, funny older man. Yeah, he tended to dodge some questions but he was typically upfront and seemed like he actually wanted to teach, not just to tell us what he knew. He doesn't use WebCT. My TA Jessica Lim was freaking amazing, you're lucky if you get her--great at explaining the unclear chapters in the books.
Overall a good prof and a cute old man. A good introduction to philosophy, although not very stimulating if you've taken any philosophy before. He's great at refuting people who like to hear themselves talk. Renders the material simple. Marks depend because essays are marked by TAs. Darren Bifford was my TA and I loved him.
Good prof, interesting lectures, easy to talk to, funny because he's old
Interesting if you like te course, but this prof.'s not for the layman
Easy to understand, as she used various methods (such as relatingthe topic she is teaching back to our personal lives, through examples, and how it affects us) to enhance learning. She is also very captivating, in gestures and speech. Relies heavily on the book, online quizzez, and in-class lectures.
lectures are full of info, she gives examples of how theories apply and then expects you to do the same. Not a real warm or approachable instructor, she will give some help but doesn't want to be buddies.
She was okay...had her for a month and her tests were a little tricky. Lots of theories...no easy test questions. Ok personality...
She's way too enthusiastic for it to feel genuine. Students do improve under her, but not as much as they probably would under another teacher. This class has everyone from freshman to senior in it, so you would expect differing levels of difficulty for each student, but she really doesn't push anyone past a freshman level.
Do NOT miss a quiz, it does not matter if you are almost hospitalized b/c of mono and strep, STILL make it to the quiz, cause she will NOT let you make it up... even with a doc note. GRRR!! Other then that, I studied my ass off and got A/B range... except for the zero on that test... ****
Lazy. Never stay through entire class. Mostly movies or a short powerpoint. You just have to read 3 books and write an in-class essay. No homework, tests, quizes, or final. Attendance is mandatory but you can sleep through the class and be counted as present. Dry humor but i enjoyed her class.
Incredibly lazy. We never once stayed the entire scheduled time. Often classes were cancelled or we had very brief classes. We watched movies often. You will think "THIS is my college education??!" On the bright side, easy class, but you do have to attend for the participation grade and write halfway decent papers.
Hard, way too much material for exams
Knows a lot about his subject area which tends to make his lectures very in depth and for most of us boring. However, his grading is lienant and is aware that people have other classes and will move the schedule around to give people more time for papers.
Brags about the CMPD from day one...one test have to memorize 40 court cases..very hard...don't take her
dont take her if u dont have to. if u do take her, be ready at all time to go to work. she gives you more info than u need to no for exam, an after studying all that matirial, they are not even going to be on the exam.dont even go to review,it dosent help
I had him for 101 and 102... what to say about Swisher... well WOW... he knows what he is talking about, but that doesn't always mean you do! He is really, really, boring. I love his comb over. And best of all sometimes he just starts screaming the answers to his rhetorical questions to make sure people are paying attention... I jump even if I am.
DO NOT TAKE HIM!! Take accounting with Fiorenzo. I had Swish for 101 and Fiorenzo for 102 and Fiorenzo actually knows how to teach and its interesting. Also, Swish gets cocky in his emails.
Great Teacher. One of my all time favorites. Sad that he retired.
Dr. Spataro is great. You do have to make sure that you do attend all classes. He lectures all every class. So if you miss class you won't do good for the tests.Very funny and keeps your attention. Has so many life experiences to share.
Has no grading rules...kind of just judges your understanding and comes up with some off-the-wall grade. Lecture will make you want to pull out every last one of your arm hairs for something to entertain you. Nice guy and willing to help but lectures are SO incredibly dry! He likes to protest and get arrested, too. Recommend him, not this course.
Dude, lectures are not an appropriate time to express your political opinions. What does George Bush have to do with Mind/Body distinction? Teach the class already, we're hear because we wanted to learn philosophy and you do a good job teaching it most of the time. Just don't use classtime as a platform to express your crackpot Marxist opinions.
A little wierd, but a decent teacher
Took the class over the summer and it was ridiculously hard. It is possible to memorize information but it is seriously impossible to memorize all that he gives you! It is wayyyy too much, it might be a better class to take throughout the year as you have more time to memorize in between exams
I took his microbiology class over the summer and it was hell. The average student should dedicate at least 2-3 hours a day to studying IF all nighters aren't your thing. Use the textbook ONLY for the information he asks for each reading, aside from that its straight lecture memorization. By far the hardest class I've ever taken yet. Good teacher.
Not fun, Memorize every word and line in the notes and in the readings. His lectures are available online and i reccommend you print them out from a previous semester and bring them to class and simply add in any material left out. A really good set of notes is a necessity for his class!
He gives you very. little. work to do like seriously. He does give quizzes but he goes over whatever questions you have before he hands you the quiz...ask enough questions and it might all be on the quizzes, only thing wierd is that he makes you write inclass essays instead of bringing it home and doing it like the other IH classes
Her tests are very detail oriented. Would take again, do not need the textbook physically, online would help. Textbook is clear and tells you how to use it.
Was much harder than any other intro to marketing course. Attendance is required and participation matters a lot although I couldn't tell you what class time is used for because he expects students to listen to lectures online in addition to class. My class had 6 exams over the semester and weekly discussion posts.
AWEFUL class. Most work I've ever had for an intro class. He takes it way too seriously and for a non-marketing major its a waste of time. 4 prelims AND a cumulative final!! His class proves marketing is just a bunch of confusing made up terms.
Prof. seems bored with job and doesn't make an effort to get to know students. Gets very frustrated when students arrive late to class. Advice she gives does not seem very helpful. Uses mainly charcoal in all works, limited media use (e.g. She hates pencil). Would not recommend professor.
I joined this course a week and a half into the semester. Dr. Van has a no makeup or late work policy, no exceptions. I was not able to do the assignments that I wasn't even in the class for yet, giving me three 0's before I was even enrolled. My workbook (made by her) assignments took weeks at a time to be graded if they weren't graded by a TA.
Taking RM1 online this summer. So far her TA Sarah is grading assignments & in my opinion she grades low! I've never been a huge fan of TA's, I feel most think they have something to prove by being heavy on criticism. Beyond this the class isn't terrible, but unless you want to spend 30 hrs a week for one summer course, take it during Fall/Spring!
boring class. lectures are kind of pointless (besides the clicker quizzes) since everything she teaches is right out the textbook, which you're tested online for. chapter quizzes and assignments are easy peezy, exams are harder since you have less time and more questions. make sure to have reliable wifi/internet.
great accent; easy tests b/c he says exactly what is on the tests; very long classes w/ crazy amount of notes but overall would recommend this class
Dr. Mellichamp knows his material, but it seems he is unwilling to share the knowledge. Save your breath and don't ask questions because he will only ask they class if they know. He picks RANDOM facts out the book for tests, READ.
Dr. Palley was very judgemental of others opinions, and unless you write exactly what she was looking for, don't expect an A. I wrote a 16 page research paper that when brought to english profs, said was an A+ and got a B+. Watch out if you take her, and do what she wants, when she wants!
Uses funny videos. A little long-winded. Class is relatively easy.
he's the****. funny as anything, easy, just dont piss him off by being rude in any way. cell phones, chewing gum or yawning out loud is strictly prohibited, haha
At first I thought this would be an interesting class, then I met Werner and immediately hated the course. I hated the class all semester, dreeding the sound of his voice and his pointless lectures. But then I got my grade for the class and it was an A; end of story, learn from it.
it's a pretty tough class. i passed with a C. there are 2 multiple choice tests and a long 20 page paper which u work on throughout the semester and in between there are assignments. the multiple choice tests were tough. do well on the paper because that plus the 2nd multiple choice test are 50% of the final grade.
Not the easiest class to stay awake in, hard tests, paper not to bad
Keep up with work, love his sarcasm
Personality Pych. Summer class. Pretty fast-paced, but very approachable guy. Very nice, if a bit dry. You need to really read about 4-5 chps a week. Test's are MCQ/short answer/essay. Final exam was optional though and could only count FOR you (awesome!). I expect a B and I didn't try as hard as I should have. Interesting topics
The final was terrible!
Overall pretty good class. The content wasn't all that exciting for me but Johnston tries to make it interesting. You have reading and questions due every week, pop quizzes that you'll ace if you pay attention during the lecture, and 5 exams. TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE STUDY SESSIONS WITH THE TA'S. Seriously, they are a life saver for exams.
Class was hard. His lecture was very abstract. Attendance is very mandatory!! If you miss your class, it will hurt your grade. Reading the textbooks a lot, and teacher tends to give the tricky quizs. And, Final quiz is harder!
He turned an interesting class into a fun class. Hes one of the few professors that can captivate and stimulate the minds of his students. Copy his outlines from the screen---and study them before the exams, read and do the weekly questions, along with showing up to class on time and participating and u should get no less than a B. the readings ez.
thought this class would be interesting but it sucked. was cool at first, but turned into an econ class during the last half. johnston is cool, i loved him for 410. i found this class a lot harder than 410. i got an A in 410, but barely got a B- in 450.
I found Professor Rothwell to be quirky and charming. She doesn't grade harshly. Instead, she tries to help strengthen your writing and literary skills. Some assignments may not seem relevant to you, but in the end, it's worthwhile just to take UWRT with her. WARNING: The Final Portfolio assignment is a little confusing, so beware.
Yes Connie is such a nice person but she cannot teach. Also, she supports the wrong kind of student which is not good either.
He's very intelligent, and I absolutely loved his Geomorphology class, but for some reason, Hydrology didn't really hold my interest. He did far too many derivations on the board and messed up halfway through, yet expected us to have a perfect grasp of the concepts. I wish he had made it more fun.
Hansen is like the Uncle that you see at Thanksgiving. You like the guy, but you wish he would shut up already so you can watch the game.
She really does just blab on all through the lecture, or spend the time giving people therapy...you'll end up with maybe half a page of notes that make no sense. She was really helpful with rescheduling my final exam though, and I still managed a decent grade, it's just frustrating to sit through her lectures.
I went to class every day, studies for every test, and was interested in the subject- I got the only C from Calhoun. He expects grad school level performance. On top of the fact that his class is hard, he is SO into himself its unbearable. Youll sit and listen to how highly he thinks of himself before he'll discuss an actual question. Take McAnulty
Expect LOTS of reading. The required reading is typically not part of the lectures but will be part of the exams. These are not multiple choice. Assigns a group project as well. He enjoys challenging the class and although you may find him frustrating he seems to appreciate participation.
Terrible grading system. Did not learn a thing. Lots of writing!
havent gotten my grade, ut he is very opinionated about the arab-israeli conflict and takes a side. for those students who are trying to learn for the first time about this, he will give you a false intro to the sitation. hamas is moderate?
This class will change your life. DO NOT GRADUATE WITHOUT IT.
very challenging course, but teaches you a lot!
Definitely has a great depth of knowledge concerning Special Education, however is often wordy in her explanations and not exactly in touch with what is happening in today's classrooms. Very nice once you get to know her, and is always willing to help to the best of her ability.
Tests were extremely hard without prior knowledge of natural science. Take really good notes and write down almost everything that he says. There are good flashcards of Koofers.
I went to maybe 4 lectures and got a 4.0, but that could also be due to my familiarity with natural sciences already. Taggart is really easy but his emails and responses to questions sounded really condescending, as if the answers were obvious and we were stupid. Other than that, easy class.
No guidelines for tests, hard class. Not student oriented
good teacher...wasn't in the greatest of classes w/ her but she's very nice and straight forward...lots of work though for a speech class..
I loved him in honors and missed him my second semester. He was really open to ideas that could come out of nowhere. Anytime I see him in Colvin he still waves to me, and tries to talk to me if I have a minute before my class. He was good at keeping the conversation going in class, which is often a problem I have this semester.
took him a 2nd semester b/c 1st was easy and enjoyable....grades easily, classes worth attending, he is liberal but i am not and we never clashed so don't worry about that. highly recommended
He's crazy but great. He knows whats up.
Over half my class is failing rn, it's one of those classes where you can skip(only good thing about his class), learn it yourself and get an A, and some people are just learning stuff from only lectures which is why they are failing. Review the PowerPoints good, buy the study guide for the textbook(used is $10 ish, worth it) and you will be good.
His explanations are really good. Attending is not mandatory but very helpful specially the day before his exams. My first exam was bad, but then i got use to his way of thinking, made it better. Attend (for yourself), do all the aplia (online quizes) on time. He drops the lowest of 3 exams and replaces it with aplia so make sure you do good in tha
He puts half of his class to sleep after a couple of weeks. His online quizzes are annoying and the exams are LONG. He drops the lowest exam grade and allows u to put "do not record" on ur exam. Hes a pretty good at teaching, but his exams are rlly hard. =Doesnt feel like an intro class... dont get him angry. u wont like it when hes angry
this class is the reason why i have such a low GPA. only take him as an economics prof if you plan on failing. Super hard but knows what hes talking about. will definately put you in your place and embarrass the hell out of you
I'm not sure what would make one believe Mr. Palmer to be arrogant, if anything, he is self-deprecating and humble. His lectures are tangential, but amusing he is honest and certainly not PC. My only complaint (and I've been doing poorly) is that he does not place more emphasis on important points than on unimportant ones which makes studying hard
Was probably the worst Professor I had at UMaine, mainly due to her constant liberal theology being spewed to the class. Constantly promoting Obamacare, promoting ABORTION (infant murder) constantly and promoting pharmaceuticals
Likes to listen to himself talk... a very nice man, but verrrry boring. Be warned of sudden, crazy outbursts.
Professor Steiger was incredibly helpful to those who approached him for aid, and does his best to make sure everyone understands the material.
Tall Texan that is stubborn and assigns way too much homework and expects you to finish it without the proper resources.
George allows you to text him with questions and the ta you have for the class makes or break the class. George's class are sometimes horrible. When you do not understand something stop him and ask him to explain it. Programming is hard to teach and nobody knows how to teach it on a beginner level. Help him teach you!
Expect to put in 40 hrs/week average on homework. He demands a LOT, and 90% of people this this class at least twice. You just have to get on his good side, and go in ready to work. Despite all, I liked the material and he's not unfair, just very demandin
nice guy. smart, too. He just needs to loosen his tie a little.
Such a hard grader. Counted off points for little things and would deduct points for aspects that were not even in the rubric. Very intelligent man, but it often felt like he used his wisdom against his students. He grades so that everything comes to equal 100 points, so any points you lose on your assignments you lose off of your final grade. Hard
Basically he wrote his own textbook and wants you to buy it. You could pass the class without the textbook and just read his lectures carefully. The only time you need the textbook is the essay exam where you might want to quote from it. Other than that exams are online so open note and open book.
HEART OF GOLD... but you may think at the end, 'Did I really learn anything?'
So glad I tested out of ENG 101 after the first portfolio date because I would have killed myself if I had to take him for the whole semester. Grades harsh. Couldn't stand the man in all honestly. Thinks the world revolves around his class. Thumbs definitely down.
I found him to be boring as hell...
Class was very hard!
good teacher, interesting lectures but somewhat confusing, students with a strong math background will do the best, teaches well but sometimes it's hard to repeat on the test because his teaching is fairly abstract,
thick greek accent, exams are hard but challenging
sounds like Rob Snider in Big Daddy.otherwise good prof. wants you to understand
Pay attention at all times and take good notes - he'll call on you to finish thoughts. When he offers the PM test prep sessions, by all means GO...usually at the end he'll tell you what two or three of the five test questions are going to be. Tough but fair. Good prep for the real world.
Dr. Lambe is really nice but this semester she was all over the place. We had a course packet as well as the canvas site and they didn't match each other so we never really knew what we were expected to do. Don't waste paper printing the course packet because we never looked at it. Reading quizzes were difficult. didn't grade until end of semester.
Very boring class and completely based off the course pack there are clicker quizzes but you can miss up to 5 all in all a pretty easy class.
Gives clickers here and there study your course packet book and in the text book read the definitions and bed rock laws and you should do fine not a hard class
If class wasn't so boring and tests weren't made to trick us, I still might be a comm major now, but the whole department is out to get you. Class was not bearable, found it hard to stay awake everyday
nice lady but lectures are boring, mult choice tests sometimes difficult
NO! NO! NO! Avoid if possible! I failed (I don't fail! All my other classes were A+) He only has two test grades so if you fail one then you're screwed! GOOD lecturer but does not help students. His TAs are no help either, they talk to you like they're superior. Have to show up for notes and buy the book it will help a lot! Again AVOID IF POSSIBLE!
He's nice but will ignor you in class if he doesn't seem to like you when you raise your hand. Also his test questions seem to have too many jokes in them and don't apply to real situations he talks about aliens and stuff. He tends to ramble on and on about stuff that doesn't matter and doesn't let
Funny teacher, makes class enjoyable. Grades so easily! Scales *A LOT*. I got a C on his tests, but ended up with an A because he throws away so many questions! Def. take this fun and interesting class!
Go to the review before the test and your golden!! Overall Pretty easy
Religion and Film. Class wasn't that bad in general. Movies were quite interesting and the readings weren't too bad. What was bad was that the prof took 3-5 days to answer e-mails and put a bunch her own writing about feminism into the course paket that had NOTHING to do with the class at all. Keep the feminist crap to yourself or a feminist class.
Easy speeches, easy class, tight attendance policy that is not very well enforcd
I wouldn't go out of my way to take Professor Randall again. She is not easy to communicate with; very specific that you must contact her thru BB messages. Usually 72 hours to respond; and only grades each class a set day once a week. For online classes its important to have a professor that communicates well and she just doesn't
Nightmare of a class. Test/quizzes/and homework is extremely difficult. Much of what she teaches in class isn't helpful when doing your work. Nice lady, but she can't finish a course in 15 weeks resulting in complete scramble mode to finish out the last few weeks. Save your GPA and pick another teacher.
Not an easy subject to grasp but he's WAY over excited about it, sometimes aroused I think!
Professor Wright enjoys very much the assignments she gives you. She knows them by heart and sometimes doesn't understand the difficulty level of the reading. You dive right in the first week and keep on trucking. Little explanation and without reading, you'll fail the tests.
A Great professor very knowledgable about the subject. His research on the American Presidency is regarded as some of the best in the field. I highly suggest Nelson to anyone that is a major.
Dr. Green is really enthusiastic about math but sometimes gets easily irritated when it seems like someone does not get the material. I think she is nice but some people had problems. My only complaint is that she hand writes all of her notes and test and sometimes it can be hard to read.
<3 BA. ALRITE? she's annoying at first, but once you get used tp her, she is endearing. fun class. take her.
full of energy! She assigned alot of reading, and her exams were quite demanding. I somehow managed an A, and I was pretty surprised. Do her readings, you can't avoid them.
took her twice. second time around tons of reading, and only had one grade going into the final. nice, but scattered and had difficult lectures. take her for 240, but not anything higher unless you love asia.
Not bad for an online class at all. Started studying 2 days before each test and got an A. He gives you practice tests which are really close to the actual test. However you do need to REALLY study and just put a ton of info about rocks into the essays. But ultimately I thought about this for 8 days out of the entire semester and got an A.
He is the nicest guy, class is not manditory.. and STUDY THE PRACTICE EXAMS or you won't pass... The lectures are online too which is helpful. I hate science and i passed which really says something.
I liked his approach. He may be slightly demanding but nothing crazy. He knows what he can expect from college students, so he expects that! This was the only class I had with him, but am signing up for another!
Awesome teacher - he expects a lot but is willing to put as much work into your grade as you do.
Attended his class in 1989. Apparently little has changed. I received an A, but only after an unfounded accusation of plagiarism (couldn't name a source, just SOUNDED like plagiarism). As a teacher and college instructor myself, Fatka remains the gold standard of what I don't want to be.
Took Meteorology for a science credit, and I wish I just dropped the course now. I have done all of the homework and never skipped class but I will fail because exams COUNT 80% of your grade. Hated this class with its math and useless lab times that are busy work. I'm just not happy with the grading criteria.
Eder's class was difficult for someone not majoring in his field. Reading the textbook and notes as well as being present for lectures is a must. Took his class looking for an easy A and did not find it. Exams were pretty difficult and studying is almost required. Lectures were boring but informative.
hes nuts! really funny guy, easy to work with...but the class gets long, and reading the chapters doesnt help
big class, he gets boring
Good Attitude, makes the class entertaining
OK THIS DUDE IS NOT HOT...this class was NOT easy and his grading is UNPREDICTABLE...he brags about all his stupid teaching awards even though he sucks! makes history a little interesting, but is NOT the great prof everyone thinks he is...
he is the smartest man alive.i think he knows how to make a time machine
After reading other comments, I was hesitant to take the class with Prof Berrian. PROS: The class is EASY, straightforward, and has interesting content. CONS: Prof Berrian is definitely particular and some of the comments below are true, ie: she will not admit when she's wrong or doesn't know about something... Definitely EASY A though.
Grades on punctuation instead of content and treats everyone as an Enlisg major. However she brings in music and videos to make class interesting and teaches you a lot about the subject and gives you enough time to complete readings which is good for a writing class. she is well traveled and shares
Knowledgeable professor. The exams are hard and very specific at times. I liked that there were essay questions but be ready to remember the names of each study discussed and their methods , results, and conclusions. So basically everything you talk about.
Lecture class, kinda boring, when he does experiments they are fun. He postes notes on blackbord which is nice. He does not give out study guides, but is willig to help you go over what you should know. He let me take a test late one time.
tests are VERY tricky & he missed more classes than i did...
I took her poetry class and the only thing that was unpleasant was that she was not clear in what was required in the essays. 3 essays and one final essay. You will be doing workshops. She wants class discussion, if not she'll make you write.
This class did not teach you about the applied fundamentals of writting. Most of the class time was spent lecturing about the reading material we just read. If that knowledge were applied to essays we wrote the class would be better off.
You can only get his book from him. You must do it his way or its the highway. thinks most other teachers dont know how to teach, he is determined he can unteach or reteach you everything you should have learned. don't debate him he is not open to other views, this is a Philosphy class but you must see it his way. Grading is Very Strict! DONT TAKE!
Not the ordinary Eng class you take. Intimidating and blunt but nice. Attendance is not mandatory but HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. In the end, he gave me a B-. I emailed him to ask him why it's a B- (considering the fact that I ask questions, I participate, and I attend class ) and he took another look at my assignments and decided to give me a B+ instead.
Very tough. That said, I probably learned more in this class than all the other GE required classes I took. Looking back, this learning has helped me more in my career and after graduation than anything else from school. Work hard, and be rewarded with knowledge.
I'm sad. Don't take this professor. The final is based on one paper. I tried to get feedback on the final meeting but he wouldn't read the paper saying it was my responsibility to be confident in myself and what I had written. He grades the paper so I kind of need his feedback and opinion! I'm crying right now... One single paper.
He is hard, there were two essays that are graded pretty hard. He reads the entire essay so work hard on it. I got a D on the first paper and an A on the second because it was a group research paper and I had a good group. So I came out with a C average.
Very interesting, had Alan Fall 2022. Make sure to buy the CORRECT version of his textbook because he updates it every semester... and you can only buy it at the bookstore. Pretty understanding and very accommodating as well. All of the answers to his quizzes/tests are in the textbook however try to show up to class as some are mentioned there too.
He only requires 4 Essay's which is cool, take detailed notes in his class and its an easy pass.
Very good professor, highly recommend her. Tends to ramble and go off on tangents, but extremely helpful and kind.
I got a B+ in her class despite getting A's on numerous papers. Her class is fairly easy except for the group project. Also, Warner does not teach by her syllabus so be prepared for multiple changes.
she only gives like 2 tests all semester...with tons of info to study for it. Not very helpful even when you go to her and tell her you are struggling. Very hot though, and lots of fun in class..but plays favorites towards those with good grades.
Tells you to read book to learn, no partial credit, hard class, he does joke a lot which makes it fun, hard to get good grade tho
A knowledgable, very professional and friendly teacher. I learned more in this class than in an average class. Offers very flexible but confusing grading options where you choose whether to take more tests or do more projects. Grading seems to be objective and unbiased.
Wieck knows his stuff but embodies an excellent example of how even if you love something to death, making it your life's work can suck the passion right out of you.
stingy grader, republican, not that smart, writes bad tests, and grades even worse- try to avoid her if you can
He's probably the best economics professor the school has, but that doesn't say much. I barely pulled a C working my ass off. If I had to do it over again I would have taken the class at the local comunity college over the summer
he talks monotone, makes somewhat funny jokes, laughs at himself a lot. course is very general, he goes directly from the book, but makes you study forever (like 50 chapters) for a 3 question midterm/final. keeps you over class time.
Barely communicates, gives tons of work, overall all assignments are easy.
He's awesome and passionate. Though he was a tough grader ) he's taught me so much about news writing and editing. He's witty, very liberal and goes over people's drafts in front of the class to teach how the writing could be improved. I loved him and wish I could have more professors as dedicated as him. Even takes us on optional class trips
Nice guy. Even though he can be a little flakey at times I think it just makes him more understanding of students situations. Usually if the class asks for futher explanation he won't go on till all is understood. I recommend taking this Vincent.
Fobes is a sweet person with good intentions, but her expectations as a teacher are often unclear. One day you will be her golden child; the next, she is ostensibly dissapointed in you. She is also an unreliable advisor. She will claim that she wants you to decide your future for yourself, but then boxes you in with all her "suggestions."
I couldn't stand this lady...she would practically breathe fire when students came in late and really stressed attendance, even if you felt better studying on your own.
She's sort of a b*tch, but she grades quite easily if you remember to do what's on the syllabus/study guides.
Great teacher, take the notes and your set.
A nice professor at swc,likes to tell jokes , READ before going to his class bc he will make quizes & if no one reads he will kick the whole class, try to do the xtra credit!! It will help alot! Do the Research paper as soon as he gives instruction bc it is 7 pages ...dont miss class & participate ..it counts !!!
I think a good teacher should teach well and respect students feeling also, not like her. She always tries to put you down instead of encouraging you to learn more. Teaching style is OK.
A nice person overall, very helpful for weak students, but not recommend for those who are good in chemistry and want to learn more.
Her class is O.K.
Class consisted of very long, usually boring lectures. Overall nice professor, but heavily relies of lectures. Powerpoints online but they are better explained in person. 2 group projects. Tests are online. Decent study guides provided by TA.
Lectures are long and boring. Gives powerpoints online, makes you do group projects.
Rutledge's class wasn't bad at all and touched on interesting concepts but you really do need to review your material and attend most classes (he takes off points for incessant absences) if you want an A. You definitely need to ensure you secure a reliable group too. Otherwise, this course will be a thorn in your bum.
Way too liberal. In fact, the class is more of a Bush Bash than a lecture on pop culture. His narrow-mindedness was frustrating and a distraction in class...however, this whole flaming liberal thing put my mind to ease once i saw his "pretty toenails." yuck.
Class can be repeatitive. Print out the notes online and follow them as a guideline for class and you will not even have to attend. Teacher is smart but does tend to get boring!
this class wasn't so bad, he could have made psychology a lot more interesting though. extra credit options as well. i heart the stonewashed jeans and elastic waist sweatshirts.
Not to be mean but his lisp or whatever his speech impediment is was too much for me. I couldn't understand a thing he said half the time and no matter how well rested I was I wanted to fall asleep during the lecture. He was really nice and caring though.
Very easy course...but take his course anyway. It was pretty interesting.
Great course. The book was very helpful, and the lectures were not. Great supplemental readings in "Freakonomics."
well. There is no homework so the three exams are the only thing. He does curve . The curve helped me majorly. You may not do well but you will pass. Just try but I also did A plus review of which helped increase my exam grades on the last two. I got an F on my first exam and guessed them all, It was crazy I studies hard too. but his curve saves yo
Means well but just doesn't get point across to student because of so many random tangents. 7 Projects (Easy) and Quizzes almost every class (Medium) get you working every week. The Tests (Hard) are nitpicky and make you focus on the necessary & unnecessary details...not an easy class with average score on tests being D
He has a great passion to teach, but it's just too darn hard for people to memorize the topics covered in his lectures and the very unhelpful book which was used. It seems as if the only people who did good in this class were people who actually had work experience in the field. More graded hands on assignments or labs would help raise the curve.
I really didn't learn anything.Project was a complete joke.He kept changing his mind every week, so be prepared.One quiz every week.Three exam with a curve that really doesn't help.Exams is a joke too.His lectures really has nothing to do with the exams.Read the book.great sense of humor though.
You will have to work for this grade. Carla is both an easy grader (she understands she slips up; can be persuaded to modify) and a tough grader (she expects you to THINK.) Do the reading, for your own sake. She was unorganized and changed the syllabus frequently. She has an accent that some people might have trouble with. I still liked her.
African History class is hard as hell
Homework weekly. Super dense textbook with difficult homework. Lectures were stuffed with info. Buy the notes that go with the class. Prelims are worth 20% each and are so hard. The first one the class average was so low he allowed notes on the rest. Without the notes I would've failed every test. Extra cred for every class gives you 10 extra pnts
My favorite class of the semester! I love astronomy and astronomers and Prof. Comins is so smart! I definitely recommend reading some of his other books. Not to mention he made class really intriguing and he's got that really awesome sense of humor. Not to mention he's such a cute older man!
extremely full of himself to the point that he was annoying to listen to
this guy is crazy. everyday he talks about someone who died. very easy though
Hilarious, worth going to class to see what he'll say next
Very nice and is excited about food science
I always appreciated her passion about the topic she teaches and the interaction with students. However, given the surprising difficulty of the exams, her teaching style can be frustratingly non-helpful. The guest speakers are great, but at other times she'll stand in front of the class, flip through slides and ask useless rhetorical questions.
Long and sometimes boring lectures. Attendance is strict. Chapter quizzes are almost impossible.
Sandra Caron is a smart professor and knowledgeable about what she teaches but is extremely childish. She will make fun of you if you answer in class, so I'd advise against ever raising your hand. The classes are interesting and often have guest speakers; if you attend class, you will most certainly pass. Ask the TAs for help, not her.
Gives out soooo much extra credit that it's impossible to fail. Man-bashes over real issues (rape, abuse, etc.) but sometimes takes it too far with anti-men comments. The classes were always entertaining (kind of just had to sit back and watch.) The PowerPoints were not very helpful, but show up for class and read the vocab and it's an easy A.
classes seem pointless, has nothing to do with the book
Lets just say that my friends and I came up with a nick name for Sandra Caron...Sandy ****. Her class is more bias then the CBS evening news with Dan Rather.
prof. levine is very boring. he goes on &on and on, like seriously could talk to himself with no one there for a whole hour & a half. assignments in the class are papers which he grades harshly on & there is text for each section of the course. a huge warning: attendance is mandatory. you are only allowed like 4 absences after which you wont pass
Hard man to get a grasp on but will stop at nothing to help you IF you prove to him that you are trying and want to learn. Expects the most of his students and always curves. If very fair and very honest and believes in his students and his dept (geology). A credit to the profession.
I hated his class and could not wait to get out of it. He makes it too hard for education majors. You would think we were geology majors according to the things he made us learn! He is also very stubborn.
Mr. Saya was a fun teacher. Sometimes instead of just boring the class wirh lecture, we got to get into groups to discuss the part fo the book we were assigned. He has essay tests, but they are not very hard.
sometimes repeats pictures from slides with his own drawings, but knows his stuff. Few clicker questions unlike Dastoor. Haven't talked to him but he seems to know his stuff
Hard Class. Very Bland when lecturing and not very helpful when answering questions. Definatley knows his stuff but maybe too much? Exams are difficult with confusing topics. I studied very hard for his exams and still only got C's and worse...Good Luck
Good teacher, russian accent, very tought grading system. ZERO partial credit on homework and test.
Class was extremely easy, most classes he was very funny and would get distracted about things in the "real world" . Would recommend him for any history class, its an easy A
History of Jazz. The class is similar to listening to a radio show - no surprise considering he was a broadcaster. Song clips and interviews are used to illustrate points. His personal anecdotes are amusing. Multitaskers should bring other homework to do during the song clips. (2 tests and 4-7 papers depending on desired grade)
yo i slept in this cats class every time i was in class, which was like once a week if that son
Just do not be afraid to do homework, ask for help if you need it he will help you. math is not my forte and I was able to pass with hard work. I had some good laughs from his stories.
I took his political science 101 class last semester, loved it, and decided to continue. The class was the same except two things, which annoyed me. He added an extra assignment which really threw off my average even though I did good and the extra credit opportunities sucked. $20 dollar donations in exchange for extra pts sends the wrong message.
He is always making jokes Is a funny teacher, and try to make everything clear, but sometimes it doesn't work to be easy He was always really nice to students who show respect the class in always interesting, but there could be that I didn't do really well in class because it was the first time I got unformatted about politics
His class is easy however if you dont read the materials prior to class youll be lost his exams are easy he gives you an open exam and then a close note exam same material just question are moved around if you read and g to class every day youll pass
Just a boring subject, he wasn't much help with anything, and the final project was made harder than necessary.
Took her for Personal Training. This was the first semester it was offered at VC and she basically had to figure out how to teach it all by herself. NASM didn't really give her any guidelines as to how she should lay out the class. Overall she was pretty good. With time she'll get figure out how to structure the class properly.
you can't screw this class up too much
Lectures are remarkly dull and there is little continuity between them. Exams are relatively easy - the best way to study is to DO YOUR HOMEWORK. Easy class assuming you have at least a semester of programming behind you.
Well had zero interest in the course, but I felt Professor Townsend made a relatively boring subject and turned it interesting. I feel wanted to see his students succeed made scales so most everyone would pass. Good teacher and if I were to take another ocean science class I'd probably take it with him.
great teacher, clear expectations
CMJ 314 was a informative class taken with Paul. He was very passionate about the subject of International Media, and he really knew his stuff. Attendance was key, though participation was not required. His tests were fairly long but I was always prepared for them. We even got to meet international students to discuss their media systems.
If you weren't like me and didn't already know everything you wouldn't be able to learn anything.
She's kind of boring and talks a lot about herself. Makes interesting stuff a bit dull. Ok class though
she really knows child psychology, she can answer any question and bring in studies that are not in the class material. She prefers infants, i really favor preschool/school-aged.
He's the man
[push-->pop]<switch on||switch off> This guy is great!! The language thing is no big deal. Show up for class, do the notebook/journal things. His classes can be quite entertaining...
Prof Miller was a decent professor. He was straightforward in what he asked from his students. His quizzes are difficult and tests are not too difficult. His syllabus was clear and he was flexable with his students if necessary. I dont endorse or discourage students from taking his classes.
He is an all right teacher. Ask questions in class and do your homework.His tests are difficult and long so definitely be prepared and always study.
Professor Fontaine tends to get off topic very easily, so it is hard to stay focused. I highly recommend going to SI with Deb. All of the exams are on keywords, and Deb hands out packets with all the keywords.
Definitely one of the worst classes I took at UMBC. The quizzes in the class NEVER made as clear sense as you needed them to to ace them and likewise for his exams. He also went over material fairly quick so you never really understood what was going on. Monologue-type lecture only since he liked to be done suick.
He Knows much about the subject but makes it hard for the student to learn. He does not let the students keep graded exams. His final exam for the course consisted mostly of matierial that we were never had an exam on and only studied briefly.
She definitely has some sort of condescending attitude towards students. Her tone, especially typing and in lecture, often made it feel like she thought we were stupid. This class is literally all busy work and is attempted to be made harder than it should be. This is seriously the most annoying class and instructor I've ever taken.
Really hard and not very helpful, try to take another professor if possible.
Very heavy workload, class was once a week so you had to go but you didn't learn anything, extremely boring to listen to
This class SUCKS! I am currently taking it, and I have never dreaded a class so much. He spends way too much time going over one or two concepts, when he needs to be explaining more difficult things. I've had to teach myself a lot! Plus he's an ass. Loves to tell us that we'll never pass the exams. I've heard that line so many times this semester.
Very much a pleasure to listen to his views. Do not come to the class if you hold deeply conservative views, because you will just be blown out of the water by his. Incredibly knowledgeable of the world and America's place in it then and now. Pleasure to have hime
Hard for an online class. 10 Papers with 2 pages each APA format with 12 participation assignments. Has two exams both worth a good chunk of your grade. She grades based on how much plagiarism the papers has. Final is not too bad but Midterm is pretty hard. You wont really learn psychology unless you self study from the book. Not much communication
Very knowledgeable, Excellent professor! Bring tape recorder to class to record lecture info. SIT UP FRONT! Write down ALL chalkboard definitions and notes. Professor gives progressively easier and easier exams. Four exams in total. Read the assigned text chapters. Come PREPARED to talk about them. *** First exam is the most difficult***
Extremely liberal, interesting teacher, extremely liberal, and a good guy
He switched between using a check +/- system on homework to standard letter grades on exams, as well as numbered proficiences on the microteaching activity. I had to revise all my homework and got a C on the exam. I did 25 pages for his final exam, and talked to others who did 40+. I too lost my perfect GPA in his class after 3 straight A semesters
She graded tough, but her comments directed you to what she wanted for future papers. She was engaging enough in class and was very fair overall.
Coming from a senior in college, I took his class to allow myself to get into higher level social work classes. This class was some what of a joke. The material was mostly common knowledge and he made the tests way more complicated to make up for this fact. Sociology should be a dialogue, but this class was defined by framed lessons from the text.
Teaches to us like we're 12. Boring, slow class. Requires attendence. Definately seems to have favorites. Gets off topic a lot. I felt like I wasted my money.
Office hours are absolute, and unbending. I've ran into him during times other than the "official" office hours, and he literally told me to leave and come back during his office hours, even though I had a question that would've taken him like 2 minutes to answer.
He's really tough and covers material very quickly.
HC11 stuff was really hard but the PIC stuff wasnt too bad. This is mostly due to the differences in the books.
Nice guy, great class, yet disorganized. I feel like my Spanish is better, yet I was frustrated with feeling lost with his expectations.
Tkacik (pronounce Kay-sic) is an interesting professor. Although he seems vulgar, he actually puts an interesting (satiric) take on the government. I would recommend this teacher for someone who is wants to laugh and learn at the same time
Class avg on tests were C's. Since its a "Freshman class" its tailored to keep stupid freshes from failing, but to make it impossible for an A. Nearly everyone got a B or C. Few A's & F's. He's brilliant but often is too 'busy' to help. I m
Personality's hard to read & I found him somewhat rude & very rigid. Good teacher. W/ exception to the absurd speed (summer) making lectures hard to follow sometimes, in general he truly did a good job relaying the material. Always teaches summer so keeping up is half the battle. Lots of group work, but fun stuff. Take Lamb over other options!
In a nutshell, she is an easy professor...enough said.
Most interesting teacher at Grossmont. TAKE HIM!
I'm currently taking his class right now. So far its not bad, especially for someone who hasn't been in school for a few years. For attendance, he passes around a sign in sheet. He does have a tendency to stand in front of the board while he teaches, right in front of the problem he's explaining. On the tests, he does give half credit back though
It is easy class and if you wanna get A, highly recommended. His lecture might be boring for ppl like math.
Nice, helpful guy. Grading is a little tough.
I had to work extremely hard in his class to get my A. But honestly, he's definitely one of the best math professors at SMC. Compared to UC Berkeley's Calculus course, this is a JOKE!(My friend showed me UCB's calc exams) I know you must feel stupid as I did but you just have to deal with it. Work your tail off by studying every day and earn the A.
Very clear in his lectures, but NO opportunities to boost your grade. All exams have very few problems so it is easy to do poorly if you make a few errors. No credit for HW as it is not collected- I worked hard and did not get the grade I felt I deserved in the end.
Nice dude, dope dog that comes to class. Man has a nice beard and is very knowledgeable--- NET WORTH< than Commins
I have somewhat of a love-hate relationship with this professor. She clearly knows her stuff, but sometimes comes off a bit pretentious if you dont fall in line with her thought process. Shes a very tough grader but offers decent feedback if youre willing to put in the work. Overall, shes a nice lady and decent professor, but expect a challenge
Way too much homework, too short notice on most of it.
enthusiastic professor. goes over readings and connects movies to lecture. alot of reading is covered on the tests but i wold say theyre fair
His derivations in class can sometimes get confusing because he makes errors somewhat often. His handwriting was bad, but improved. He has office hours every day, and I felt that the office hours helped the most. Reading the textbook and doing the examples almost guarantees a good grade. Clicked questions may/may not be asked.
I don't agree with his choice of books to read and disagree that they were representative of micro/sociology. Kuckoos Nest was fiction & though entertaining was not very scientific or objective, Women Without class was long winded and was just a long story about a high school clicks. The class lacked a central text book, structure, and definition
gives great advice sometimes.. a great guy, when he's in a good mood.
can be a pain in the ass but when you do something right its great :)
Very interesting material. Prof. Wilson is a little scatterbrained and sometimes difficult to follow in lecture. This is mainly an example-based class.
Enthusiastic and loves the course material. Loves enthusiastic students and hates students who don't show up or miss the point. Assigned one individual paper and two group papers. He wanted "future ethical issues," and he tore apart the groups who did past ones. Just act enthusiastic and follow the rubrics, and you should get an easy A or B.
Professor Wilson definitely marches to the beat of his own drum. His is very passionate about philosophy and sincere but at times difficult to understand. His lectures tend to consist of many anecdotes and sidebars, which makes paying attention difficult. Follow his instructions (and exam keys!) for the 3 exams and one response paper for an easy A.
Very nice teacher. Knows the material. Keeps the class interesting. Only negative was it look a while to get graded material back. This made the semester project a little tougher.
Dr. Wilson is a very smart man. Class is very simple and straight-forward. 1 individual paper, 2 4-5 page papers and 1 20-25 page paper (w/presentation) in a group. Did not use book at all, although he talked about using it in the future. Sometimes gets upset with the class for no reason. Has a strange obsession with the Dean.
Very good professor although takes very long time to return graded assignments and reply to issues with the class. Is known to cancel class unexpectedly but a very fun teacher and worth taking.
Great teacher, loves the subject and is hilarious. Talks about his dogs all the time and tells great stories that help to understand the subject.Tests are based on quizzes he gives you the answers to.Enjoyable class, should come but at least a "b" if you look at the quizzes.
This class was TOUGH. There was always homework which was reading a story / essay, answering questions on it, and writing a paragraph response on the readings. You need to do the questions and IDs for class for participation. There were no quizzes just the tests and she showed no mercy while grading. Does give extra credit chances though.
My class was small and fun. He grades fairly harsh when it comes to speeches, but offers alot of extra credits and pointless/easy assignments to boost your grade. He reminds me of Mr. Rogers.
She's nice & helpful, yet I wouldn't recommend her internet class- too confusing
Be ready to work for this class. Required: Alg., Calc., Physics, Reading, Writing, Research, Excel, Word, DataStudio, 5 Labs Reports to pass, 10 total. Do: Think outside the box on this one, take all the measurements, not just what is asked. Post-Lab Questions: Dr. Clark is helpful but will make you work for the answer, they are not handed out.
Wasn't prepared enough for the tests. Threw in tricky questions and didn't give practice problems or practice test. Recitations were useless becuase you just did packets and you didn't even know if you were getting the answers right. Not much help on homework. Lab sucked.
This course was difficult for me as it was calculus, which calculus is difficult to me anyway. But the professor really cares and wants you to be successful. He makes students go to the math den 3 hours a week which at first thought was awful, but once I went it helped me so much. I was able to get my homework done and get help if needed.
Fair teacher. You can miss up to 3 classes without it negatively affecting your grade. You barely need to read the books because he goes so in-depth during class discussions of them. You will write multiple drafts (cater to what he wants! He will tell you what paper to write.) I am an education major and loved how he taught English.
Tighe is a very average professor. She gives good lectures and her notes are easy to follow, but her exams are brutal. I often ever was able to even finish them in the given time, and partial credit is few and far between. My quiz and homework grades were the only reason I didn't fail. She makes Calc 1 a total slog, so try for another prof.
she may seem harsh and a little scary at first but shes nice & i got the vibes of 'i want u to pass, but u gotta put in the work' from her. like its calc, so ofc it's gona be hard, but I think you hav a chance if you spend ur time on hw, practice problems, previous exams & quizzes + she'll help u outside of class.
Probably one of the worst professors Iv'e ever had. Course material wasn't hard, her rude attitude is unbearable and unnecessary. She treats her A+ students much different then everyone else (I'm one). Made the class feel unintelligent by talking down to us for taking MA155 rather then the harder clac. Avoid unless you will be an A+ student.
I had Raji first but transferred to Tighe and that was such a mistake, kinda. She explains things well. When it comes to exams, it was like I was looking at new material. They really hard. But she missed a few classes and end up leaving in the middle of the semester because she had lymphoma.
Average Teacher. She explains everything very clearly; however, she doesn't seem to helpful when you ask a question. Her quizzes are actually sort of difficult as well as her test.
His homework/group assignments are really boring. BUT they should help you do well on your essays because really, that's all you'll be graded on. Writing tools... underline for absolutes, italicize for appositives, blah blah... but i think his humor is dorky which makes me chuckle and he is sympathetic if he likes you. just show him respect.
this class is retarded. he teaches elementary school material.. and gives lots of busy work, which does get graded. very slow paced.. kind of frustrating. find another professor.
HIS GRADING SUCKS. you will get B's because you forget one comma even if everything else is perfect. the way he grades ever paper is the worst system I have ever had
Boring, mindless busywork by the tons, but can be "done quickly" (hint hint). Obsessed with JFK and other things we cannot connect with. One of the most technologically-behind people ever. All I did was draw pictures in MS paint (it was to save my brain from dying). Boring class, but not hard. Minimal to little work can get you a B.
In early weeks of online class. Started VERY disorganized; quickly changed format. Lectures are based off his notes (disorganized); should have background with Econ theories. Work heavy but not impossible. You need to email and meet with him, or you will have a hard time staying on track. Wouldn't rec this class to non econ or hist majors
Kinda boring in the lectures and sometimes repeats himself. He has a very wide grading scale, 85+ is an A, 60 to 85 is a B, and 40 to 60 is a C. There are two exams and a final paper because this is a writing intensive course. Also there are also smaller components that are due every few weeks that are graded that are apart of the final paper.
The mr. rogers thing is very correct. Extremely nice man, who really wants to help his students.
Mr. Rogers! Just look at the sweaters. HW long and tedious. This is NOT an AutoCAD course, but 80% of your grade is straight CAD that he doesn't teach. He sometimes gives bonuses to people who show up on the non-quiz lecture day (drop a quiz or hw)
sweet guy. class was really easy and i had never taken calc before. he gives you a template of all the quizzes and exams ahead of time in the review packet. same types of questions just different numbers. his explanations aren't that good, he takes it more in depth than it needs to be. never checked homework. dont bother buying a text book
sweet guy. class was really easy and i had never taken calc before. he gives you a template of all the quizzes and exams ahead of time in the review packet. same types of questions just different numbers. his explanations aren't that good, he takes it more in depth than it needs to be. never checked homework. dont bother buying a text book
Take my word for it - I never took calc before this course and I aced every quiz and test. D. King does a good job and is always available for extra help. Sometimes he can be a bit confusing but it always clicked before the quiz. The quizzes are almost always exactly the same as the practice quizzes in the class packet.
Not as bad as people make him seem! He speaks English well and he grades fairly. He gives examples for all quizzes and tests and has plenty of examples. Homework isn't necessarily important but he checked in the beginning. He also has one semester long project. This class was better than all of my friends' calc classes and I never took it before.
Goes very fast and hard to understand. Thinks everyone understands the damn TI-83 like he does, uses it for everything possible. Practice tests are almost identical to real ones!
Acct 321 is Intermed Acct and Federal Tax. CS Fullerton teaches this as 2 Inter Acct courses and 1 Fed Tax course. So actually this is a 9 unit course. There are no answers provided to problems. Classes is harder than it needs to be because you can't check your answers unless you want to wait to see a GA during GA's hours.
Good instructor but mean. The firs half of the semester he is even worse. So review managerial and financial accounting, and that will give you more chances with him. NEVER EVER MISS CLASS. The workload is exaggerated, so expect no social life for the entire semester. GOOD LUCK!!
Took her TSEM class, she's a nice lady but sometimes unclear on expectations. I personally think TSEM is a pointless waste of time class in general, Prof. Magaldi wasn't too bad though, would recommend your look at all the tsems and pick one that REALLY interests you. 10 page paper at the end then another final exam paper:/
ok class, difficult to understand, 2 papers 3tests, spent hours in library memorizing facts about music from other countries.(cds only avail in lib) study notes and will do well. must attend class, easy B work for an A
Very in depth with subject matter. This man knows exactly what he is talking about and will call you out on opposing thoughts. Even if you agree with his train of thought he will play devils advocate. VERY tough grader, all assignments are essay based and done out of class (take home midterm and final). Most information can be gathered from lectur
The Lectures are useless unless you are in for a good laugh how screwed ITM is
Fantastic professor and such a funny guy! The topic was a little boring, but we did explore some pretty interesting poetry. Pretty easy.
Fun discussions, but be prepared if you take a lit-crit class with him. Doesn't seem keen on utilising applied ideologies involving interpretation at all. But it is fun to have almost a free-reign over what you write about! I miss that!
good teacher...hard to understand(has accent)...can't spell words out...good
I found the lectures boring with this particular professor and when I took the course over with another insturctor I thought the class was great! But this insturctor is good you just don't want to piss her off.
made me hate psychology. very very very boring class......lecture-notes-lecture-notes-lecture-notes-test....and repeated every two weeks. Some people ( like myself) have to take it but, if you can avoid it, please do yourself a favor and do just that.
psych 101 was supposed to be the easiest class i took last quarter, instead it was by far the most difficult. i had to listen to paula P repeat herself like 8 times during every definition she gave during lecture; i almost slit my wrists with the metal binding on my notebook.
Easy if u read your notes. She doesnt do much for me so classes are a little meh. Easy tests though if you read and study class notes.
She's a very annoying woman. I can still hear her voice in my head. Her test are kind of difficult. About 99% of 400 people HATED her. It was very obvious.
Although the exams were fair, and the material wasn't too difficult, the class itself was dreadfully boring. Every lecture is the same, a set of specific numeric examples that take up the entire 75 minutes. Very little theory behind it since all we do is number-based. Maass is a nice professor but she bored me to tears every lecture without fail.
Very nice and always means well but very spacy.
I would not recommend Jap Art and Culture because it is misleading. We spent too much time on Yukio Mishima and his books and not enough time on actual art and culture. If he ever decides to drop the tetralogy and focus more on the topic of choice and answer things straight, maybe the class would be better. I wouldn't take it again, though.
I guess he knew what he was talking about... but he is quite possibly the most aggravating person alive. He NEVER let class out on time and he relates EVERYTHING in poetry to sex.
this man did not excuse me from class to go to my mom's funeral....plus he reads sex into every story. jerk.
just do the papers and that is it
Im a very reasonable person when it comes to profs but seriously this guy is out of his mind. talks to himself, isnt prepared for class, runs the class over even if we tell him its time to leave he just keeps doing probs but most of the time theyre the probs u wont b tested. tests ok.i understood him but most of the class didnt. ben stein.
Didn't follow the textbook/curriculum very closely. Although I found his tangents to be interesting, the nonlinear approach isn't very well-suited for an intro course. That being said, he's very insightful and helpful, and has a rather lenient testing policy.
A nice guy but incredibly hard. I studied for hours for his tests and still managed to get F's on his exams. People say going to him for extra help helps, but every time I go he's swamped with other students. I once waited an hour and a half to talk to him, and my "help" lasted only 5 minutes. This guy has a sense of humor but at the same time teac
There is alot of material to cover so it makes studying for the exams a little more difficult however, he gives you exams from previous semesters which REALLY helps with studying. Majority of the questions are the same just with different numbers plugged in. Ur grade consists of 2 exams 1 project and 1 final. I think Prf Lamdin makes Econ374 fun
Ugh, my second class with this prof. I really enjoy the lecture material and his persona, however the tests are so freaking difficult, very ambiguous questions. its impossible to get a high mark unless you're genius. dont recommend taking this class or any other classes with Burris earlier than in your 3rd year. Huge load.
he is great but tests can be tricky!
Sporting the mullet, Prof. Burris is one of the most energetic instructors Ive ever had. A Fan of South Park, Beavis and Butthead and about a thousand other cultural references, Burris makes the course interesting for the student. I was an English student who had absolutely no interest in Psych whatsoever when I took his course.
Did not like the guy! Had a very cocky, stuck up attitude. Sorry to those who loved him... but not everyone is a wiz at MC... tests were difficult. However, did enjoy his stories and lectures that were not in the textbook. Has the potential to be a great prof, just needs to remember that its an Intro course. Thankfully my highschool offered Psych.
Very funny prof..made getting up early in the morning seem worth it BUT the tests were super hard...text readings are long but what else can be expected? The really good thing that came out of this class was I realised i DID NOT want to become a psych major student..
funny guy in class, always essays. not every much hw. his 1. essay : photo analysis meaning talk about your fav pic and what does it mean 2. N/a 3. research 3. isearch meaning look up anything you want but you must have interviews. and he is very strict with grammar and punctuation. he wants everyone to take WAC.
I enjoyed 1A with him a lot. The essays were long but made me a better writer. Dont take 1B though... he wanted you to be able to dissect a poem or piece of writing without really showing you how. Also you had to match what he thought exactly.
Took me a little while to get used to his method of teaching. I escaped his class with a "C"... but yeah... talk to him after class, use "because" repeatedly and please don't be late... or don't talk in his class.
An amazing professor. I had him for Math 011 and if I had questions he answered them. Always took the time to explain things to me. Very helpful professor!
I ended up with a "C" in the class after maintaining a consistent low "A" and high "B"... he was an OK guy... used more language than I cared to hear but what can ya do, ya know?
I only took this class just to get my credits for a humanity course and oh boy I had no clue what I'd gotten myself into. I thought this was at first going to be a pretty mellow and easy class but soon realized that I was wrong when we had our first major test the second week of class. The tests require you to memorize literally EVERYTHING.
Great professor, the class was fun and the grading clear. My biggest issue was that he was quite loud in lectures, and refused to use a microphone when teaching. As a student with sensory processing issues, this sent me into sensory overload more than once. Overall, a good course, but beware the yelling.
Wasn't sure about his teaching style in the beginning, however, he grows on you and he definitely stands out from the rest. I really appreciated how passionate he is about the things he believes in and stands for.
ahhhhh, got****d in his final exam. Well this is a class where it is impossible to fall asleep in. The prof is soooo enthusiasticly hyper that you would wonder why isn't he in some mental hospital.
he teaches almost straight from the textbook and his slides are right off the books webpage
This dude could crush me in the palm of his hand! Thinks he knows a lot about econ, and he does! Don't speak up impolitely or he'll sit on your head and force you to experience his grundlage! Watch out, slacker!
She's strict, demanding, and grades harshly, but she knows what's what--and is easy on the eyes.
He is too abrasive at times. He needs to keep personal comments to himself.
Participate. she does not have much of a student- teacher relationship otherwise
Great professor if you love history. He was definitely clear and engaged with the class during lectures. There are online HW quizzes that he gives for EACH and EVERY chapter and gave us few breaks on them. He grades for class participation, so read and be engaged. His test come straight from the texts and other HW assignments he puts on blackboard.
boring classes. homework quizzes are are easy.two papers and a a bunch of pop quizes. ace the papers and youll be fine. the papers are basicly spitback of notes. nice guy
wow- ok 1st off unclear and ambigous on the directions when assigning papers2nd hard grader in regards to papers long and tedious papers extra detailed do not take as an elective the class is hard for no reason there are advanced courses level and above that are harder than his im a highest is A- that you can get not for high achieving stdnt
what, he doesn't just teach 1005, people! his3410 is american business history. 1 5pg summary paper on a 30 page reading, 4 page paper on what you believe is a great innovation to a certain point, and a presentation and 10 page, 13 source term paper for a company you choose. no tests. i still think he sucks. but no one will probably listen anyway..
In order to pass you must sit through long pre-recorded lectures-- But they are a great help when it comes to exams. You must complete discussion questions and reflection questions which are posted along with each lecture. There are 3 exams in total, the study guides are really helpful and she allows you to write your essays ahead of the exam.
Took this class as a freshman without being a criminal justice major, however, it was easy and interesting, the only fault in this course was the professor's inability to upload grades!
Best CJ teacher at Towson. This is the third class I had with her and would take more if she taught some. Gives study guides which cover everything on the tests. Likes discussion and attendance. Very personable and meets with students to go over research design papers. Highly recommended
so involved in the peace movement and a liberal agenda she disagreed with the science side of the class, however if you visited her in office hours she was very helpful and did want students to be involved in class, it was just hard knowing if you disagreed with her, she'd yell
Reads off powerpoints, and tests are given off these boring lectures. Easy to get at least a B in class because tests are only worth 20% of the grade and other 80% is quizzes and excel assignments
Class comes wit HUGE WORK LOAD. She comes off somewhat harsh but if u go to her, she's not too bad. Not to say she's not harsh, she most definitely is. Also somewhat rude. Anywho, if u can find another professor, u probably should take them, if not & u just can't wait, take her but be prepared to work for ur grade and dont hope too high for an A
Knowledgable instructor, but relatively irrelevant course content if you're headed the med school route. This class covers mostly evolutionary theory (e.g., how ants and plants evolved together, human ancestry, bird migratory patterns, how the Earth formed). Book is not necessary. Attendance is mandatory, pay attention to lecture. Just endure class
Dr. Jordan is a great prof.! Everything from his classes is so interesting. B/c of him, I realized that biology was my calling.
Can't pay attention to the whole evolution thing... Glad he has a book with most of his test questions in it, that helps ALOT!
His lectures and study guides helps alittle. I found this class difficult because he has a total of 3 tests the last one counting for 50%.
Very knowledgeable, but a notable amount of the content is outdated. Course content doesn't keep up with the rate of change in the communications industry. Tests are intentionally tricky, which takes the focus off of learning the content. Lectures cover content that is mostly different from content in textbook, which is online by requirement.
He's sassy... very fun and easy to listen to!
Decent guy. He makes sociology pretty darn bland, but the information is all good. Not a fan of the reliance on SAgrader -- the tech is just too unreliable. I almost always had to challenge my "wrong" answers. Also: clickers are a scam. Very straightforward lecture class other than that.
Thought it would be an easy course for a humanities Gen Ed. but I really had to work for it. Uses online essay grader which usually has problems with grading. Wouldn't recommend.
For Intro into sociology - your book is key. Dont even take notes..bring your book and highlight. All the powerpoints are taken straight from the book. DONT ignore SAgrader..its annoying but helps your grade alot, show up for the clicker and just guess on the questions!! Oh! and on essay grader just make it simple a "quote" the book.
Lectures are boring... extremely boring. The work is easy, SAGrader is a joke especially because you get an unlimited number of tries.
He is so nice, which is why it is so hard to be mean here. His lectures almost never deviate from the notes he posts online. He tends to be forgetful/disorganized with lower level courses, and he isn't a very energetic speaker. His TAs really know their stuff, I had a great time in my sociology lab, but my lecture attendance was so freaking bad.
Hour exams are unreasonably hard. They are unfinishable unless you show up 15 min early and stay late, or have everything memorized from the start and never let it out of your head for one second during the semester. THIS IS NOT OUR ONLY CLASS, and Dr. Budds, while a nice guy, seems ignorantly blissful of this. Seriously, wtf.
Funny as hell. Has perhaps the best voice I've ever heard from a professor, at least in terms of being able to pay attention.
My grandma passed away during the semester I took his class and he was not willing to help me out in any way. I ended up getting a C+ which I was NOT happy about because I could have done a lot better if he would have had a heart.
I thought he was an easy teacher. The things I would recommend are to practice in the workbook and the exams. Also the review sessions before the test are vital. Attend them and your grade WILL improve.
Dr. Doub is super passionate about what shes teaching but it was a difficult class. Theres tons of online homework thats due right before each exam (theres 3), along with written word proble projects. The final is almost all multiple choice which was nice. Definitely have to do all the work and teach yourself sometimes. Textbook is helpful.
she is very cool and nice but her test can be hard. no homework just packets, easy teacher just sometimes not clear.
She loves math. However, she does not explain the material clearly. I love math but she has me confused. She gives you homework and before you get to the class the work is usually on the board already. All she does is read what she wrote and doesnt explain it. We are only in class for about 20 minutes each time.
I thought the books we were assigned were dense and boring. I was expecting American lit but we read a weird self help book instead which then set the tone for the rest of the semester. I decided to drop and get my credit elsewhere. the classes themselves were boring and attendance was mandatory
Funny easygoing man. Great course to take because it is relatively easy. Lot of reading to do but exams and assignments are pretty easy. Right class for you if you like to debate.
He really knows his poetry and drama. His analysis in class on subjects are a bit boring though. Gives feedback on papers. Overall pretty easy if you just write a decent paper.
1/3 or your grade is participation
Do all the pretests...Is helpful if you ask for the help. Very hard class but taught me a ton :) When you get the final grade it all seems worth it!
VERY passionate about subject mater. Classes are EXTREMELY discussion based and you MUST do the readings for every class which is very annoying. The upside- only a midterm and a final but sometimes hell take away the final! He can be a very easy OR harsh grader depending on if he likes you. Me he did not love. You cant win em all!
overrated.tests are not that easy and at end of the day your final grade is exact average of your grades with no curve.
Sweetest guy but material isnt so clear coming from him. He figures, if you've gotten that far in accounting (i took him for advanced), you desearve an A. a bit of a push-over if you like that sort of thing.
Despite what everyone else has said, Dr. Kelly really is not that bad. Sophomore year is the weed out year, so yes classes are hard. With that said, I worked hard and got and A. It is 100% do-able. Everyone had scared me so badly before I tool this class, but in all honesty, its not nearly as bad as they say
I had her a couple years back. Didn't do great on her exams but did fine on a huge group project. She plays favorites but i didn't care, she liked me. I woulda...
I like her, she's cool. :-p
Winter is an old school prof with good intentions & a sense of humor. No phones & no laptops in class. Lectures were unorganized but interesting & he sometimes shuts down opposing views (unintentionally I think). Tests were fair M/C based on specifics from lectures & readings. Paper was heavily weighted but on a related topic of our choice.
I don't care how long he has been there, is it possible to talk to this man without feeling worthless afterwards? Condescending is the name of his game. And, this is not a rant because of poor marks, I got an A-!
I think we should all appreciate the fact that there's a professor at this university who thinks alternatively. It's a nice change. Sure he may be arrogant and anti-american but I trust his view points and I'm thankful that I can finally read through the lines and investigate the "real" story behind some world policies. I thought he was great.
If he wasn't that biased & let students argue his opinions, he'd have been a great prof. He's very knowledgable but he uses it in a wrong way. He teaches one of the most interesting courses at UofW but students lose interest in it because of his attitude.
Very smart and thought provoking professor. Plays all sides of arguments in discussion. The downside is his grading is pretty inconsistent on what he's looking for (theory versus real examples) and unless you get every ID you can be seriously screwed on the test. Take good notes and be on time.
Lots of quizzes and used book often in class. Some people found the class super easy, while many really struggled through it. Hard grader. Only tests and quizzes as grades. Good lectures, but had boring days like any class.
she's tough. written homework is ridiculously long and vague. Other than that, she seems to know what she's doing
Professor Kelsey's lectures can become a little disorganized because she likes to go off on tangents about things and she often skips through lecture slides quickly (too quickly for anyone to write down anything). Also, her quizzes that she gives at the end of every unit are often worded in a strange fashion. But there's no in-class final! :)
Easy A class. We had a 1 MT & 1 Final essay. Those were the majority of your grade so make sure to get some help from your GSI (who grades your paper) along with other resources. Also given tests online, but the lecture slides don't help a ton. Go to the study class session or be friends with someone in it.
Text book is vital. Posts lecture and voice recordings online although I would recommend actually coming because you can benefit greatly for hearing him answer questions. Forces students to engage with weekly quizzes and assignments. There is no way to do poorly, unless you choose not to do the work.
not a bad one. but sometimes he will mass thing up. can't explain very well.
Quizzes every week, homework is assigned but not collected. Some group work, including one group quiz - sit next to someone who looks smart! She can be condescending to people who are having trouble with the material - if you're insecure about your math skills, she might not be the best choice.
Really nice professor, very easy class. She assigns a couple papers but they do not have to be well written because your grade will be based off if she likes you. Class happens to be very interesting, and if you make a slight effort to meet with her or notice you, you are guaranteed an A. Meetings with her outside actually helped me in many ways.
shes very nice. if youre willing to put effort into getting her to like you then you will get an A. if not, she doesn't take any attendance so youll be able to not go but likely wont get the A. assigns work by end of semesters which isn't really ideal. very nice and can even be enlightening and interesting to speak to... but not worth the risk
VERY HOT. Super nice and helpful. The smartest man I have ever met.
He just seemed like he did not want to be there.
Not very helpful answering questions...but you shouldn't have many because he clearly explains concepts and states knowledge required for exams. Overall easy class.
Interesting topic, annoying dog. What good is bringing your pet to class if she won't even let you pet her and barks the whole time? The class itself was good though, Irv's a good teacher, though he is sometimes disorganized and doesn't fully explain concepts.
Very smart man- he knows history. Has a tendency to be a little boring, but over all i really enjoy his class.- He really hates disruptions such as talking or Cell phones.
She focuses a lot on Women and theur role in literature. Has a strict attendence policy in her syllabus, but I missed a lot more than allowed and didn't say one word in discussion and still made a B.
Peter Tracey is very entertaining and I enjoyed being in his lectures. However, his lecture notes are messy and he has ZERO practice questions or extra resources. Also the textbook has no answers to the practice questions! With a, I quote, "very hard final" worth 50% are the easy assignments worth it? Probably not
The class wasn't too difficult in terms of the content that was covered, however he grades only using letter grades opposed to percentages. Because of this, the grading on exam questions can seem skewed or unjustified. For example, you'll see 2 check marks on a question and then the letter B written beside it with no justification for that letter.
His tests usually only have 20 questions which sucks because if you just got 2 or 3 wrong your mark drops a lot. Also his grading scale is higher than other econ profs so its harder to get an A. He claims he's easier than other profs because he gives away test questions but the questions he gives answers to are easy anyway so its pointless.
Had him for 203 he was fair. For 301, different story. Don't bother buying the textbook it's useless. Rely heavily on your notes. Not a big fan of Tracey, good guy corny jokes. But I found him un-apporachable. Sent him 2 emails to view my final with no luck. Attend every class that's my tip.
The exams are fair, in that you can usually score mid 80's with little studying, however, the grading curve of the course is what makes it MOST difficult. A is 92+, so realistically, if you get 27/30 for midterm, 20/20 for Aplia, you MUST get minimum 45/50 for final to get an A. That puts on ALOT of pressure. Grading curve is hardest part of cour
Short lectures, easy midterm, and entertaining social commentaries. Unlike in econ 201, Tracey's notes in 203 aren't nearly as clear and helpful. Expect to use the textbook a lot. Challenging final. That being said though, it's still worth taking 203 with P.Tracey just for the entertainment.
Today's final was brutal. That was horrible. His assignments and midterms are easy, but his final is absolutely horrible.
While Tracey is an easy test writer and marker he is stubborn prick when it comes to admitting he made a mistake.
Some things about him really crack me up. For example, instead of using the "UNDO" button in Excel, he would save the document, make a change, close the document without saving, then re-open it, with the whole process taking about 5 minutes. So obviosly he doesn't go as quickly as I would like, but he's still a good prof. I really disliked the emphasis he would put on the word 'real' whenever he used the expression 'real world' though. 'They're called REAL options because they can be applied to the REAL world'...maybe there's a wager between him and J-F Wen to see who can come up with the most fatuous quote? If that's the case, you've still got a long way to go Mr. Tracey.
Hmm... I believe as those of you who took all his Econ series.(20x~3xx~4xx). You start to feel that he isn't that great as before. Stubborn, Outdated(materials), and harsh on Final exams. well, you will get in with B or A, but a grade lower after final!
I did not know what to expect before her class. but after I was kind of relieved. her class is a bit off topic at times, and her china rants can get kind of annoying. But overall I liked her class. she will tell you to google it all the time, thich is good. the one complaint is I asked a question about a definiton once and she ripped me a new1
extremely conservation (not a bad thing) but often times forgets he is teaching stats not politics... tests are very tricky, I think he has a misconstrued idea of what's hard to normal people because he is so smart himself. Would not want to take him again thats for sure. His TA is better at explanation than he is
Probably best stats teacher, atleast better than Goertz because I dropped his class. Still can be confusing, rambles alot about irrelevant topics, but your best bet for this course.
good person easy to talk to
She cramed a whole lot of theory into the class, and it was difficult to learn to sing in front of a group. She'll spend much more time listening to the one's who can sing than the one's who need the help. The book was expensive, and the tapes were horrible. Good luck.
Shes not a normal teacher but shes entertaining just dont get on her bad side. One test. 3 papers over shows you have to see and PAY for ($5ish per show). You give a monologue in front of her and a puppet show at the end for a final. You cant miss more than 3 classes without her dropping you a letter grade.
I thought i liked this professor. shes pretty hard on her quizzes that she gives--one every week on the current chapter--they were more questions that were applying the definitions instead of knowing them. i did pretty good on them (80-107) and she drops the lowest 3. i had a 94 in the class at the end she gave me a C-
Very formal and prude. Great teacher.
My favorite professor this semester. He immediately tells you the course will be difficult, and that it is. It's essentially a broad overview of the important areas in computer science, so every class is something new. He made the course, and has a VERY good understanding of all the content, so ask for help.
Not the best professor but he is rather good. Although what he says and what he puts on the slideshows are not the same thing. Best to write down what he is saying and then look at the slideshows later, also homework is pretty heavy.
There's alot of say regarding how her tests are easy and such, BUT there are some things you guys should take into account. The classes are all curved so even if you get a professor that is a hard grader, he won't let the class grade average be a D-. Just keep that in mind. Personally, the way she talks didn't suit me at all. Way too slow.
Basically, just do all the reading and its an easy A. She did not even require us to take the final the quarter I took her. She allowed us to base our grade off simply the midterm and discussion participation.
Easiest A you could get at UCSD. Don't show up to class (seriously don't. Most boring lectures I've ever been to).. Just study her study guide WHICH IS EXACTLY THE MIDTERM WORD FOR WORD, and ace it. She let people who were happy with their grades not take the final this year!
easy A. know her study guide, which is really simple. take her for sure for mmw
i really learned a lot from her course, especially by attending lecture. she chose interesting topics for discussion and was very obliged to help with any questions.
I picked Dubois because I heard she was eccentric and based everything on sex. For the first 5 weeks she wore black head to toe, was extremely boring, and made no jokes. Her lectures, however, are extremely to the point. Don't read the Craig book, go to lecture. The passage IDs are a killer.
I thought he was Russian. Funny and interesting.
All lectures were asynchronous and they were 2016 podcasts (lecture wording can be weird so hope you have a good TA). His class was based on the homework and tests/quizzes with quizzes being much harder than tests. He won't curve until the end and we were basically all in the dark about overall grades the whole quarter.
Prof Hoeger is a bit savage and uses scare tactics to get you to study. I was intimidated by him but he just really wants all his students to succeed. HW and quizzes were really helpful. Exams were fair and weren't that bad. Thick curve and I think he's the best ochem prof I have ever taken at UCSD. His teachings have helped me on the MCAT too.
Not the best of professors at UCSD, would have avoided him if I had the chance to.
Professor Hoeger is amazing. You can see his commitment to students success. His class is hard but paying attention and doing homework easily makes you pass. My grade was a B. I highly recommend !
Very difficult professor who is surprisingly reasonable. He does teach well, but having an 8 am in GBH is less than ideal. He does sometimes ask questions that you have never seen before, but that is typically reserved for multiple choice questions. His free responses are very fair and a good way of gauging knowledge.
He's a hardass. Funny, but exams really test your knowledge. Scales his grades. Podcast, but go to lecture anyways. Exams are setup so average won't be high, & grade distribution will be better in the end, so don't worry if you bombed an exam. 3 quizzes. Drops that or midterm. Adds another "midterm 3" based off of final score.
Dr. Hoeger explained ochem thoroughly and intuitively and gave tests that were fair and representative of class content. His lectures even filled in material I missed in 140A/B. As a person, he seems judgmental and condescending, which made it very unpleasant for me to try to talk to him outside of class. Doesn't matter--learned ochem!
i am a very smart person. everyone said 6c would be easy. nope its not. not with him. he made some of the easy stuff . really freaking hard. final was something that when you took. ur like.. wow that made no sense. great guy. but his exams are hard
Classes are at 8 in the morning and all the way at York, which isn't very fun. Plus, they're mandatory for iClicker points. His midterms were pretty decent but his final was pretty difficult. Overall, a decent teacher.
I do not know if it was just the material covered in 6B, but I found this class very difficult as soon as we reached acids and bases. Know acids and bases or your screwed for the midterm. Also I liked Darby Winn, my chem 6A teacher better. She put up solutions to the midterms and helpful powerpoint slides.
He's kind of a jerk, and there was stuff on the midterm that no one knew how to do-we did so bad he didnt count that whole section. But, he is concise, clear, fair, loud, and makes sure you understand the stuff he talks about.
if you actually do the homework, tests are easy. the labs on the other hand are NOT. the labs cover things which are not taught in class, therefore are usually quite difficult for someone with little or no chem knowledge (i.e. a chem 4 student!) i suggest finding a smart friend.
WTF... material on the final did not refelcet the samples place on the cours website. Very anal about many things. Altough a good lecture id rather check out his lecture videos than see him in class.
The last person doesn't know what they are talking about: CC doesn't grade anything so you didn't get any 'bonus' points by going to see him. CC's okay as a lecturer, but definitely read the books and go to section: ALL of your grade depends on them.
hard to understand what he says in lectures, funny guy, i had no programming experience and got an a-...some hw assignments took my 5+ hours. the final took me like 8-10 hours...and that sucked, but some of them took like 30 minutes or so...go to lecture
This is my second time having Hans Wenzl for a MATH course here at UCSD. This time, however, this class was somewhat disorganized and the material along with the book used was difficult to work with. Although the material did make sense in the end, the class itself could have been better organized overall. The work was not simple so take caution.
He is not the greatest math professor, but at least his exams were fair. He gives long homework assignments and allows cheat sheet for the exams. Do not write a giant mess of cheat sheet; instead, write down all tricks, formulas, and theorems that you proved or used in the homework.
Either he is getting better or he really doesn't live up to the hype. Boring class but his teaching style wasn't that bad and he always tried to answer questions even if he wasn't always great at getting his point across. Hope I don't fail the final.
Sorry guys, didn't like her very much...she picked favorites, graded too easy (didn't have to study for anything) and often smiled when there was nothing to smile about. Sure, she's nice and all, but seemed a little fake to me...
