Comparied to other POL professor MR. Thomson was easy, you just have to keep up with the reading and BS your way through the weekly essays. Most of the class is what you think don't have to memorize political doucments. Class was easy and I found it boring because the homework was all what i though
I don't know WHY everyone seems to love this professor. His class is harder than hell for all it's worth (come on -- how many government and political science majors are out there?). He is very nice and helpful, but that still doesn't make up for the work load he expects you to keep up with.
These classes were HARD! I had to put in a lot of work to get an A. All of his tests for these classes were all essays and word Ids. The essays were not easy. We also had to take quizzes which were a pain. Alec is a great teacher. He is always willing to help. He does grade hard but the class is ok
He makes you do lots of work but you come out knowing your stuff. It was the most time consuming online course I ever took. I recomend him for Pols 105 even if you hate government.
Horrible. Good teacher but geeze I did everything he asked me to do and wasted so much time writing long papers and essays, and taking long quizes. He graded me a zero and I definately did not deserve it. Avoid if possible. Very hard class.
A very nice teacher. Not an easy A class. You have to work hard, but he will help you in any way he can.
This is literally the easiest math class you'll ever take. There are 4-5 assignments a week, 3 exams, and no final. Don't bother going to class unless you need extra credit because he only reads PowerPoints. The exams are online and are open for days. He's super accommodating to your schedule and gives extensions. Overall, super easy class.
Dr. Krishnan is a great professor. Attendance is not required. He is eager to help his students succeed and is very easy to talk to. On the other hand I'm not sure if you will learn anything in this course because the work is really easy.
PK is a really nice guy and overall easy class. With that being said, it's difficult to actually learn any of the material straight from the prof and you will end up teaching it to yourself. Still, the home works and exams are very doable because you get multiple tries. Finally, always remember to reject the null
PK is very sweet just very loud. Web Assign homeworks, you have 5 attempts on all hws, pretty easy until last 2 chapters. 2 midterms w/ 2 attempts, final is 1 attempt, but answers are in the homework. exams open note and on webassign. Easy A if you do the work, you will be teaching yourself though. Can't say I learned anything about stat though.
not the best at teaching. i took stat in hs which helped a lot. he doesn't answer emails so if u have questions go to him after class. you have 2 attempts on exam 1 and 2 then 1 attempt on exam 3 so its easy but ur going to teach ur self some of it. no final and 10 pts extra credit
Professor is nice and will help you but his in class teaching is fast and hard to understand once you get past the easy chapters. Computer assignments really suck but they are supposed to change vendors in the next semester so this problem may go away. Overall he is good but could improve. Teacher aid never had any reviews which would have helped.
PK (that's what he's called) is one of the funniest professor I've had at UD. His stat 200 course was very easy, even this being my first time taking any stat. A majority of the assignments are online (HW and parts of the exam). Keep up with the work and you'll do fine.
I would have failed this class if I had taken it with anyone else. I went to every class (you don't need to though) it was a personal preference. I also toward the end of the semester would stay after and talk to him. He really loves to help his students and see them exceed. He will go out of his way to help you and even gave us his number.
Great Teacher. Makes the class very easy. Homework is graded on completion(not correctness)(and its online!), attendance not needed, no final, and tests are open book. Definitely take this guy.
PK is awsome
Very interesting class, horribly difficult tests. Good luck! He's retiring after this semester I think but, he was a great teacher, but the tests were very very hard.
He is good. there is alot of boring reading. he will call on you and demand a response. he cuts no slack and doesnt care about excuses.he is available for help and will give better understanding to hard concepts.
Great professor! Youll learn a lot.
teaches ppl how to think for themselves if they are willing. tests come straight from books so attendance is not completely necissary but recommended. good guy.
W goal and didn't write a single paper. Thoughful and challenging.
Don't be a slackass and you'll be okay- hardass but good professor
This teacher is one of the best math professors I've had. She is really helpful and non-intimidating. She is also very detailed which helps clarify the concepts.
This is one of the most difficult math classes at CSUB. Here labs are extremely difficult but exams are similar to the problems in the text. Be sure to do all the homework and you will do fine.
One of the best math teachers for math 330. The lab work is a little tough but quizes and exams are easy.
hard to take over the summer but she was helpful and very friendly, sometimes hard to understand but overall just required a little extra effort by the student
She is a very sweet lady who is a little hard to understand, but is willing to help if you go talk to her.
Professor Holmes was great! He is very knowledgeable about the subject matter he teaches. The only downside to his class is his lectures can be very long; however, he provides the outlines for you to follow along. If you follow along with his lectures and outlines, you will pass easily
I took his class for Summer '23 so I can later transfer it to CSUB. He's a cool person and his notes are very well organized. The tests are hard but if you write every note he's presented, study it and you'll pass. I would also recommend you do your essays way before the tests start. The textbook however is useless, it's not worth to buy it.
He's a good professor you just have to show up pay attention to everything he says and write it down. He gives extra credit test questions which is cool plus one extra credit report to help your grade. I got a C but that's my fault since I didn't study as much as I should have. Studying is your homework so do it and your sure to pass.
lol, more profanity than one would expect in a college, textbook- never used it once for lectures or tests. gotta have good lecture note and a self-taught comprehension of the topics being presented. the book, chp. reviews, lecture notes- his tests felt like I never studied
Professor Holmes is a great teacher overall. I took POLS B1 over the summer semester and it wasn't very difficult. It's very important to pay attention to the lectures and take notes because the tests are mostly on those. There are a quite a few essays but they aren't super hard.
Professor Holmes is very straight forward with his grading and class. Doesn't assign homework so your grade will be 100% dependent on the midterms/essays/final. All the test material can be found in his lecture. Overall, he is a solid choice.
Professor Holmes' online class was easy. The tests are based on the lectures so you definitely need to attend and pay attention to those. He's also good about helping you with accidents that happen online. I goofed using Canvas to submit an assignment and he reset the issue for me. He makes funny remarks in his lectures which help out with dullness
I took this class online during summer and there were many lectures. You do not need to read the book. The tests are based on lectures.
Holmes is an extremely outgoing guy. If you can not take a joke or be made fun of this class definitely isn't for you. The course itself is somewhat hard because you are only taking 4 test for your entire grade in the class. If you have a decent understanding of government and pay attention you will pass easily. I personally never used the book.
Very funny man. However, only 4 assignments given, 3 tests and a paper on a city council meeting. This is not a class where you can miss a test and still pass. Also if you are a very sensitive person DO NOT TAKE. He gives out a study guide with the essay questions on it and some of the answers on the essay appear on multiple choice.
He is very funny so he will keep you entertained. There is a report,three exams, and a final. NO HOMEWORK. Test consist of 50 multiple choice and essay. Essay questions are given in advance, so do not rush it all up a day before the exam. Book is not really needed as long you attend class, but it can really provide additional help. Good Luck.
His classes were cool but what makes it a deal breaker is how he only grades 3 exams and a report so mess up on one and you failing. Wont take again. He really cool but not his strategies.
In the beginning of the semester, he provides us with outlines for lectures which makes it easy to study for tests. Make sure you study for your tests and your essay questions since they are a big part of your grade. If you do these things you should be fine!
Not just a pretty face. I went into this class thinking he was just another funny prof, but he actually knows his stuff and gives good feedback on papers. Fairly easy class if you know what you're doing. Interesting, too. Each week there are presentations on two sides of a political topic (immigration, abortion, healthcare, etc.). Take notes!
Great professor. Exams are lecture based so make sure you show up and take good notes and study them to do well on the exams.
Holmes knows his stuff. Notes on his lectures are key to passing, so don't miss class. Exams are alright if you study the essay questions and read your notes. Holmes is hilarious and makes class time go by pretty quick.
Fantastic teacher! Super easy class as long as you show up and take good notes. Tests are difficult if you do not study and do reading material in the back of the textbook. Pokes fun a lot and makes class really enjoyable and entertaining :)
Show up to class everyday. His test consist of multiple choice and an essay. The essay is super long but he gives you them in advance to study. If you studymemorize the essays you will get an A.
Holmes is awesome. He makes class fun but make sure you take all of his notes!! He basically gives you all of the answers to the tests. If you pay attention you will pass. The tests are only hard when you don't pay attention and or study.
Holmes is probably my favorite professor I've ever had. His lectures are hilarious and he knows what he's talking about. Goes off topic a lot. Makes government an interesting subject. Easy A as long as you pre-write the essays before the exam. Don't come late to class or he'll make fun of you in front of the whole class.
Hilarious professor! Dislike lecture classes in general because of all the note studying, but Holmes makes this lecture class worth taking. His test are easy if you basically just memorize the notes&actually prepare for 3/4 essays. Everything he says is on the test. So memorize notes and you should do good. Definitely recommend his class.
Hated the idea of political science but needed the class for my major. Love professor Holmes. He is a little cocky and opinionated, but he makes the class fun. You must attend lectures for a good grade. I have an A so far and I have not opened the book.
This is honestly one of the best professors at Bakersfield College. He interests you in the topic and is very understanding to students. He takes pride in what he knows and allows the student to become motivated to learn. I love him, and if anyone doesn't like him its because they didn't come to class and missed important lectures.
holmes is hands down one of the best teachers ive ever taken in a ny subject. He is hilarious and makes the class tons of fun! Dont think twice about taking him
One of the best professors at BC. He knows what he's talking about & is very passionate. Very clear and makes the subject interesting. You will LOVE his sense of humor. Tests are difficult if you don't study. Study your lecture notes and skim the book, you'll do great. He provides easy extra credit (DO IT)I HIGHLY recommend him!
Holmes is a great professor, he makes an extremely boring class fun and interesting. the notes are in the supplement that is required, and his lectures are detailed enough you dont need the textbook. Take the opportunities he gives for extra credit, your grade is based off of: a municipal report, 3 exams (50 questions and an essay) and a final.
Very hilarious professor! Very good teacher as well. Makes going to class fun and interesting. I highly recommend this course to anybody! As for class work, there isn't any homework, besides reading the textbook and studying notes. There are 4 exams, including the final, plus a very short and simple report. Overall, a great class! Good luck!
he is the best professor at BC. He still rocks an 80s mullet, and half ways in the semester he trims it down which makes him look like Justin Bieber. I really recommend him. I had him for pols b12 and b16 both classes were easy. lectures are good and easy. attendance is not mandatory just don't miss class a lot and you'll pass the class.
Holmes is the best poli sci professor! He doesn't take roll and the notes are in the supplemental guide, so you can miss virtually any day but the tests. Tests are moderately difficult. 1 assignment, 3 exams, and a final. Very funny. Don't take his class if you can't laugh at yourself. If you took AP gov, you could skip everyday and pass still.
I have a tremendous amount of respect for this guy. He's a great teacher and lenient when it comes time to grade. I will always recommend him for a teacher. One thing I must say...ALWAYS DO THE EXTRA CREDIT WHEN IT'S OFFERED!
I have had Holmes twice now, both for American Gov and for California Gov. Class is only as hard as you make it and if you study the notes you will do fine. I am sick and tired of people saying his calss is to hard, come on its college. You will have fun in his class but you have to work to get a good grade.
.
really great teacher who knows the subject very well. He will explain everything to you if you have any questions. For the tests just write out your essay questions and study them as well as your notes and you will do fine. You don't really need the book just get the supplement. I also have holmes for pOLI SCI B 12
Hilarious guy. Have to take him for political science you will not regret it! He is tough though. Tests are pretty hard, atleast the essay portion. Makes the lectures very interesting.
This guy is the bee's knee's. He is the cat's pajama's. He is the grandma's glasses. Whether you gay or straight; black or white; left or right, you will love this guy.
Holmes is Awesome. Great and Very memorable teacher. Will help you with anything you need. I got an A it was pretty easy. Must do your studying though. No BSing here. Highly Recommend Him!
He was okay. Not to bad. The exams were a little rough but I still passed his class with the C. Yet at the same time, I should have read the book a little more, but a C is a C. He is really cool too, but make sure you study really hard for the exams.
Professor Holmes did an excellent job keeping our class interested in his field. He appears to stay current with the political scene and news.
Funniest teacher I've ever taken. His class is awsome I don't usually like lecture classes but his is so funny that you remember the material without even meaning to. If you don't like reading the textbook then this is the class for you, cause the exams are all about his lectures. There are only four exams and no homework.
He is a cool teacher. I failed his class but a good teacher. All he does is talk so u better go to class. The essay questions on the test are super hard. Thats why I failed. Funny as hell!!
Prof. Holmes surprised me. I just finished the 4 week condensed POL SCI 1 ITV class which uses both a textbook and a video lecture series. Holmes held a review every week before a test and was incredibly helpful to the class. He loves to teach and it shows. He is brilliant and makes you think of things from a few perspectives. a great lecturer
I took this class because it was a requirement for transfer. Holmes is a funny dude, his lectures can be boring but he usually livens them up with a funny story. You'll actually have to study pretty hard for your tests. If you don't get A's(93 points at least) on all the tests you can forget about getting an A in the course. Overall, decent.
He is extremly hard. Be prepared to do a lot of studing. His tests are essay and multi choice. You must memorize the essays (which are 30point outlines) to pass the class. He takes pride in people failing so be ready when you walk in to work really hard. Do not take hard classes when you take him.
He's a nice guy, and he makes all that political mumbo jumbo easy to understand through examples and analogies. His class is fun and energetic, but you do have to study, study, study!! Essay questions for all exams are given 1st day of class and all scantron ?'s will be in YOUR NOTES!!!!
He tells funny stories like when he went in front of the judge and was overly enthusiastic; the judge told him to pip down because it was his court room. Hes like a father figure who lets you know your on a learning curve, and tries to give you a heads up on what to expect.
Tests can be difficult, but if you do good on the research paper you'll be able to pass. Very good structure and opportunities for extra credit. Teacher is very approachable and is clear as to what is expected.
HILARIOUS guy. Real energetic, makes history fun, because he incorporate hilarious stories into them. Everyone says this class is so hard, but it's not. I missed a couple assignments, did average on the tests and passed. You have to do a research essay at the end..be prepared for that.
Awesome teacher, funniest damn class I've ever taken. Easily one of the best in BC!
he is a good professor. he also looks like a 70's**** star
funny teacher ever..made me love the class...study and you should pass....omg best ever
He if ****in funny, not affraid to offend anyone so do the work end enjoy the free comedy show
Mr. Holmes was so hilarious! He made the material so interesting! That was one class I liked sitting in and just listening to the teacher talk! 2 Thumbs up!
Holmes is a great professor, with very good lectures. There was never a time in that class where I was bored. The subject is interesting, and he made it a lot of fun.
Easy class to take. Have to read the book and take complete notes in order to pass exams. Leaves a lot of room for extra credit. Off-topic stories do take up class time, but you might learn something new in the process. Recommended.
AWESOME. DID A GREAT JOB, HAVE TAKEN HIM FOR 2 CLASSES, ONE MORE ON THE WAY AND ITS NOT EVEN MY MAJOR. HOLMES IS THE BEST!
He is a cool teacher. I enjoy his classes. His class is a relief from my other classes.
He definitely has stage ability, and could be doing a lot more than teaching poli sci. Shouldn't life be fun and enjoyable? Thanks for letting us have fun with your class, Mr. Holmes.
Overall good teacher. He's a pretty funny guy. His exams were somewhat difficult but not too difficult. Exam consist of multiple choice and essay. He always have a positive attitude. Lectures were clear. He cracks a lot of jokes. lol
He is a fun teacher and isnt to hard
Steve, you are a riot and you don't pay your babysitter enough! He expects a lot, but is a good teacher.
hes like a stand up comedian and teachers well.
Holmes is great. Get good grades, you'll get your first choice of paper topics.
Dr. Tabor knows what he is talking about, and is a great prof, his classes consist of lectures In class and reading (mostly the gospels) outside of class. It's not particularly easy because he REALLY tests your knowledge, if you put in effort you will learn so much.
Seemed to really care that you learned something rather than a grade. Lectures weren't the most interesting but not bad. Lot's of big concepts and ideas. Would definitely take this professor again.
He really is an amazing teacher. He has so many cool stories that go along with his lectures. He doesn't care if you miss class but I wouldn't recommend it because a lot of the material you need he gives you in class. he will give you the test questions before the exams. 10/10 professor
Tabor is hands down the best professor I have had at UNCC. He is funny, engaging, kind, and highly qualified. He respects his students and treats them as equals. Attendance isn't mandatory. But his lectures are amazing, NEVER boring. In order to do well, show up, take notes, pay attention. Tests are in-class essays. He gives you study guides.
He's a great professor and knows what he's talking about. Tests are easy if you prepare for them (essay format; gives questions prior to test). It does take him quite a while to grade. Topics are very interesting and he explores on different ideas. Attendence isn't taken, but I would recommend going just for the hell of it. I would take another cl
Dr. Tabor is the best suited to teach christian studies. Lectures are very interesting and entertaining. All exams are essay. Exams are not graded quickly.
Fascinating New Testament class. It's not church, it's class, so be ready to look at the bible as a text, and don't be offended by his beliefs- he won't try to push them.
Essay tests, but he's lenient on the grading. If you study and go to class, an A or B should be no problem. Beware: He is not a Christian and approaches the Bible in a purely secular, academic manor. For a Christian Bible professor, take Dr. Witherspoon.
Saw him on the History channel so thought he was cool. Unfortunately he tired of me after I started sleeping in. Still made high As on all the tests, though. Just do the reading(kind of), prepare for the exams, and you'll do fine and learn something.
Knows his stuff. Intersting too. Essay tests. Not hard if u go to class. Usually give u questions B4 hand. I have had him for like 4 classes. people take him for several classes.
Essays exams, likes you to parrot back what he taught.
Makes good use of personal examples and visual aids. Essay-type tests.
Not the easiest lab, but nothing to be afraid of unless you're an idiot. Ms. Blevins is a pretty cool cat and she teaches what she needs to teach quite well. You will hear some of her daily troubles; but hey, that's more entertaining than just hearing about rocks isn't it?
She is extremely pessimistic and has an opinion about everything. She is a very hard grader as well, but she does take the time to clearly explain the lab to you which does help. The Geology Lab Manuals are horrible, so I believe she does make the most of them. She will help you if you are having trouble.
I learned more in this class then I did in the lecture class. Expects a lot but as long as you do the work then you will be fine.
Mrs Peedin is awesome. She will definitely work with you and wants you to succeed. There are a good amount of web HWs, but they aren't terribly difficult. There is a webtest due the night before the in class test. You have unlimited attempts on those, which is nice. If you skip more than 5 classes she deducts pts. Textbook is online. I recommend.
I really don't enjoy math and I'm not the best at it, but I'm actually doing pretty well in the class. She does a good job of going over the material, and the tests and quizzes really aren't tough as long as you've practiced the material a bit. I'd definitely recommend her classes for people who don't like/aren't good at math.
TAKE HER!!! She knows what she's talking about and is more than willing to help students pass. She reopens webwork and math xl frequently to help you. She drops lowest test grade and she will totally help you pass if you're borderline. Oh and she's incredibly nice.
TAKE HER IF YOU CAN! This was my 2nd time and she was a tremendous help. I finished the class with a B. I'm terrible at math and she really did a good job explaining. She gives homework before the tests which are basically like study guides because they are almost identical to the tests. She's very willing to help, and she's extremely nice! Take he
I enjoyed this class, and I hate math. Attendance is not mandatory and on tests she allows you to bring one 3x5 notecard filled with notes. Only complaint is she does not answer emails or return phone calls.
Great professor! She will go above and beyond to help you in her class!
Really nice math teacher, probably the nicest I ever had, real helpful and stuff.
Nice professor. A little slow returning things, but if you apply yourself, it isn't a hard class (I've failed this one before) very clear-sometimes maybe too clear, but better safe than sorry!
Shana Funderburk is a sweet heart. Her class is extremely easy is you have a strong background in math. Only downfall is that she teaches ways to work harder instead of smarter! Goes into so much detail for simply problems that its sicken!Sincerely cares about her students & shes kinda Goofy...Constantly trips over mid air. Rate her a 8.5 out of 10
in the beginning, she was easy and fun! but then towards the end of the semester, she became ill-tempered alot! but besides this, she is a good teacher! not quite an easy A, but go to class, study and you'll be fine!
She is a really great person, and knows what she teaches..If you come to class and pay attention and do your optional hw, you should be okay...
Very fast paced class, once you get lost you are gone. Do the homework and pay attention. She will do everything she can to help you. I definately recommend her considering she is like the only english speaking one.
Very helpful. Teaches so that you understand the material. Study the homework packets because tests are same types of questions.
Extremely easy. I hardly ever went and still got a B. She is very clear in her lectures making the class easy.
Sometimes alittle scatterbrained but helpful nonetheless. Nice and willing to help, i'd recommend her!
She is very nice and tries to explain well. Good teacher.
Great Professor!She will help you...just ask her about whatever you have problems with.
Easy to understand, is american, very easy, very nice.
This course was taught online the summer of 2017. Easy course but she suspects you to do so much. Easy A but be ready to write SO MUCH and buy movies and books to watch/read because she doesn't provide movies.
If you love literature-- especially southern literature, this prof is mandatory. She is IT. I loved her class. I enjoyed most of the literature. The deciding factor is the teacher. She is the best teacher I've ever had. (And yes, I rated her as HOT). NO BS or drama with this teacher. She is real.
She is very understanding and gives positive comments on the papers. I think she grades lower to inspire you to take advantage of the opportunity to revise. She does love to talk about herself. Overall, I liked her. The quizzes I did not like so much.
nice lady. pretty easy to deal with, goes over every thing you need to do on papers.
Okay if you don't mind racially biased videos with no bearing on classwork
One of the few really good teachers in the department.
This is a really easy class. All of the quizzes and tests are straight forward and directly from a test bank of questions provided by the textbook. He is a really chill professor and is super accessible for any questions. This class barely took up my time in comparison to other classes. Only cons would be the LONG tests (150Q) and long quizzes(30Q)
This was by far the easiest class I have ever taken, including high school. The class consists of lectures (don't have to listen) and clicker quizzes. Print out the questions for each movie and take it to class. You'll make a 100 on the in class and online quizzes if you fill out the question during the movie. No tests, no final. Don't buy the book
This is the easiest class I've ever taken. However his lectures are monotonous unless you have any sort of interest in geology whatsoever. He rambles on about some stuff, but it can actually be pretty interesting a times. Definitely take this if you want a low stress semester; easy A.
Took the online version of the class. The course is overall fairly easy. Several quizzes, tests, final and a group project. Tests and final are old quiz questions. easy A
No text. No studying. Online Tests. If you are taking this professor for liberal studies and you come everyday you will get an A. Unless you have brain damage. He is a totally different professor for liberal studies then his other classes and if you need his class for LBST then take it and go to every class. It doesn't get any better then this!
WOW, i've been to funerals that were more exciting. 3 tests, relatively easy. HW "quizzes" online. You have 2 chances so its very easy to do well. Bring a pillow to class, he takes attendence occasionally.
He is a good professor, very nice. Will definitely work with anyone, even knuckle heads. i would reccomend taking this class, but beware, the lectures can be very boring at times.
Very nice professor! Take his class.
attendance chronie always there,HW easy,tests hard, such a boring classbut go
He is a very good proffesor and i benifited alot from his class :)
Good Teacher and will help you if u go to his office hours
great guy, wants you to succeed. best econ teacher, take him.
He is the best econ teacher in the school..cares so much. Jay Squalli is amazing
AWESOME -wants 2 see u do well, gives access to old exams, wears great cologne!
Easiest class ever. Just go, take notes, do practice tests and easy A.
VERY helpful & enthusiastic about class. Wants u to do well
genuine teacher! Gives his time to help students do well. very rare nowadays
What a nice guy!
3 exams 1 gets dropped, and a final, equal weight. No attendance grade no graded hw no textbook. 8-10 Q exams, gives VERY similar practice Qs. Handwriting/accent is tricky but he will always clarify when asked. He will teach/test you on CORE examples rather than trick you with much harder homework/test Qs. study the practice exams by heartA
Don't let his accent scare you! It may be hard to understand at first but he writes everything down and you get used to his accent after a while. The homework isn't collected, class always ends between 20-45 minutes early, and he drops lowest test grade. Take him if you can
By far the easiest math course I have ever taken, makes it super easy to understand how to do problems. He has a thick, Russian accent that some students have trouble understanding, so I wouldn't take his course if you have trouble with accents. He is quiet so sit up front.
I really enjoyed this Calculus class. If you work hard, do your assigned homework (not mandatory), and show up for review you will easily receive an A in this class. It will take you a couple of class meetings to get use to his accent, but believe me you will. Good Luck :)
He's a little tough to understand due to a thick accent, but it was the best college math class I've every been in. If you can get passed the accent you'll get what you put into this class.
EASY A!!!!!! take this professor. He gives 3 tests through out the semester each 10 questions and they are exactly the same 10 questions he gives before the exam day. No HWs required just for your own benefits. :)
TAKE THIS CLASS!!! I am not good at math, but I received an A. He gives 3 tests (10 questions each) and if you get an A on all 3, you are exempt from the final. He gives a review before every test that is just like the test, but with different numbers. He does many practice problems in class too. Easy A!
Russian accent is a bit thick, but if you go to class you'll learn it fast. If you participate, you get extra credit on your test. He works on so many problems from the book, by the time you get out of the class you would know how to do every single problem he assigns to homework. My advice: Participate get extra credit, and go to class.
He is russian so at first he is hard to understand, but gets easier as time progresses. He only has 3 tests and one final. If you have an A in the class you dont have to take the final. If not, your lowest test grade of all 4 is dropped. Very easy over all.
Hard to understand but stick with it and you'll find out this is the easiest Mathematics professor out there. He's very helpful and understanding, and if you participate he'll give you 4-5 extra points on tests. Sit up front to understand him better. I am a horrible math student and passed it with a B.
Accent is a little thick but he makes up for it. He makes sure you understand all the work and he actually makes an effort to see that everyone improves from test to test. I would take him again if the chance arises. Sometimes gets off topic for a minute with his stories.
has great reviews for test...hes very generous with his grading
He can be difficult to understand with his thick accent but he presents the concepts in a clear easy way. He has been the best math teacher I have ever had. You can trust that what he says is how it is. Even I could get an A
Tries to make it interesting w/ hist, very smart, gives points for participation, makes calc easy! gives examples just like whats on exam!
Has a thick accent, but a very good math teacher- gives extra credit for participation- very nice- Best math teacher i've had
You get used to the accent and he has got to be the best teacher to take Calc from. He doesn't waste time with BS stuff, and he makes it make sense. Most classes only last about 30 min. Gives plenty of extra credit too.
He makes calc seem easy.Do homework & listen in class & you will be fine.
Accent is a little thick at times. He gives extra credit to the quickest
Very easy teacher. Tests are just like the review.
Nice guy, helpful, good teacher, willing to help, knows his stuff... take him!!
Probably one of my favorite professors. He's hilarious and a very stylish, lovable guy. His tests are really hard so buy the book, do the reading, and take good notes. He's super lenient and gives tons of extra credit so even if you fail a test, you'll most likely jump up a grade letter or two in the end. His personality makes the content tolerable
He is a very nice guy. If you go to class he will bump up your grade at the end of the semester if you are close to the next grade. 3 map quizzes that have a lot to memorize and 3 tests (one is the final) that cover a lot of information. If you ask him for help he will work with you but you need to STUDY and go to class.
the extra credit counts for a quiz and they are not too hard though he does grade them so dont bull them hes fun and trys to keep the class entertained with some jokes he cant help his topic is boring a lot of memorization for quizes prep for that i wouldnt recommend this course less your good at memorization also he does curve the test grades hard
Dr. Moore is a very intelligent professor, there are three map quizzes and three test (the last test is the final). There are lots of opportunities for extra credit so take advantage of them. He is clear on his expectations and will help you as long as you go to class, he knows his students by name because of assigned seating which actually works.
Great Professor, very funny, and will definitely work with you on a getting a good grade, the tests are hard, but not so much the map quizzes, as long as you study, and definitely have to be in class, and take all notes.
Dr. Moore can be a pretty funny guy but he is extremely smart and knows what he is talking about. Do not get on his bad side. He gets to know is students well. It is a 176+ class and he knows everyone's names, so try not to act up. write all of the notes. Review for the quizzes and tests. Do that and you'll get an A like I did.
Dr Moore is a great instructor. Pay attention, study the material, and you won't have any problems.
TAKE HIS CLASS! His class can be slightly difficult but only if you don't study. He has map quizzes, as well as tests, they both count for the same amount. He will work with you and on the first day has you fill out random facts about you like your favorite genre of music. He really takes the time to know every student and genuinely cares.
He is so great and helpful. He will work with you and really cares. His classes can sometimes be boring at first, but if you stick with him, it is well worth it. My fav, prof at UNCC.
Great Professor, very funny, easy to understand and the class is setup as a no fail class unless you don't attend or follow the syllabus.
Dr. Moore is an incredible professor. He has knowledge that most do not. Yes, his classes may be difficult, but you actually LEARN things.
This professor was very boring honestly..you could barely hear him when he would tell his little stories. But otherwise, he's a decent guy. He helps you when you need help and if you go to class and study, you should be fine.
Had him for regional planning. The class by no means was easy, but Moore is a great professor. Good humor and he cares about how you are doing in the class. If you are ever confused, simply speak with him after class. He requires you to think and work. If you do that, you will PASS.
Prof Moore was pretty good in the long run. Sometimes a bit confusing and vague, but makes up for it with easy tests. He loves Southpark and quotes it frequently. And for the love of God, don't cheat...this kid behind me almost got his ass kicked by the old man...he punted a chair across the front of the room to get to him...sassy, oh, my!
Awesome teacher! Makes the class fun. Tests can be a little hard, but gives a lot of extra credit. Place name quizzes are easy and helps to boost your grade. He is really helpful if you go talk to him, he really cares about his students. Take him if you can!
Great Teacher. Cares about students. Humorous and fun. Fair. Interesting. Interactive. Highly recommended.
I really like Mr. Moore. He is funny and he makes an effort to engage the class. He even took the time to learn my name in a class of 180. The tests and quizes are not hard, and there is no homework. If you study and take notes, you'll do fine!
Dr. Moore's a pretty good teacher. His test arent too easy but the quizes are a peice of cake if you study. He gives extra credit which helps a lot. No attendance Policy but He will randomly show questions that are on the test. He is kinda hard to follow because he tells so many stories.
Very nice treacher. Goes out of his way to help you. He keeps the class intrested by telling funny stories. Map quizes are easy, and if you go to lecture the exams are a piece of cake. very large class, but he still cared enough to learn everyones name. TAKE HIM!!!! He is AWESOME!!
Interesting Teacher.. the topic may be boring but he will go out of his way to spice it up a little.. test are hard but if you study you will do fine.. Quizzies can be difficult.. lots to memorize
Great professor. Energetic and fun! 1. Take good notes. 2. The chapters in the text are very long. Pay attention to what he pinpoints as the key areas, that way you aren't reading for hours. 3. Don't take on the maps the night before the test. There is a lot to remember. He gives extra credit.
Probably one of the better, if not best, professors here. Doesn't tolerate BS, but will joke around on occasion. Gets to know people. You will have to study, but if you do, tests are fairly easy.
Not an easy course. He makes it semi intersting and he is funny. Tests are hard and he is sometimes unclear but he will usually work with you if you have a problem. He doesnt tolerate talking or disturbances but all around its an ok course. You just HAVE to study!
deff. not an easy class. Requires alot of thinking. He is funny, etc keeps the class going along. Sometimes goes over time limit for class (which isn't fun if you have to go across campus!) I enjoy the class even though i'm not big into geography.
He's always makin crazy jokes but to pass his class all you have to do is really study the book and your notes
A superb professor, with real insights and definately one of the funniest
Good teacher. Place name quizzes not so cool.
his class was a good class just go and take detailed notes
Pay attention in class & see him in his office to get an A, Fairly easy.
funny
Good sense of humor. I thought he was great. Highly recommended
Dr. Shealy's a great professor. Really passionate about what he's talking about. That said, in order to pass this class you will have to read, show up, and take notes. Pretty straight forward professor. If you pay attention you'll do great.
READ. Dr. Shealy wants you to pay attention to the details of the story, which you will be quizzed and tested on. Takes attendance. Will call you out if you don't have a text in front of you. He was really easy to pay attention to during a long lecture because of his random humor.
Make sure you attend class, bring your book, take notes, and read.
I'm stunned at the average rating of this class - this is the EASIEST class I've had at UNCC since I got here a couple years ago. Although 8 novels and several short stories are assigned, I haven't read any of them. If you GO TO CLASS, PAY ATTENTION, and TAKE NOTES, you don't need to read any of the books. I don't study for the tests and I get 97%.
ECCENTRIC TEACHING STYLE!! He is an impressive professor; he really knows his stuff. However, gives pop-quizzes on hw readings so come to class prepared everyday. Really enjoyed his class and he was great to speak with for help. Overall, I definitely recommend him, but he is a hard grader.
He is a phenomenal teacher. A lecture was like walking into another world where the English heritage comes alive. It was a great experience also because there was constant exposure to new and varied readings from the classics of American Literature.
I love professor Shealy!! I wish he taught other classes! He's the best! He made the class VERY interesting (and FUNNY), and made you want to go to class. He can tell some strrannnge stories, but this class is an EASY A+! Just look over notes,come to class, and read, and you'll ace it!
I am in this teachers class right now and I absolutely love him! Every thing he says is so interesting and the tests are really easy if you go to class and read the books. I wish I could take more classes with this professor!!!
Basically, I want to have his children. He's an amazing professor who is intelligent, funny, and eccentric. I will talk him again if it is at all possible. I look forward to his class every time. If you take the class, do yourself a favor and do the reading.
Funny, entertaining, fascinating, and a great story teller. Dr. Shealy's classes are hard if you don't keep up with the reading. Being dilligent will earn you an 'A'. I've never worked so hard for an 'A' and the one I earned in his class is the one of which I am most proud. Taking his advice to do what you love is what brought me to grad school.
Interesting sense of humor, quite the jokester. he loves to make you jump by making his voice go really low then shreaking as he reads parts of the book... overall a good class. he gives multiple quizzes every tuesday, be ready, midterm is essay, final too
I don't know WHAT some of these people are talking about -- the class is SO easy if you're willing to do the readings and go to class. Interesting approaches to the stories I would have never thought of on my own. Amazing teacher, one of my best English classes.
You gotta work for him, but he's a great man. A bit hard to approach at first, but just get over it and he'll answer anything you ask. If it seems you didn't read he will attempt to publically embarrass you so make sure you do your end, he does his well
wonderful teacher, has his on style, crazy. very funny. Knows what hes talkin about. Lot of required text, but easy reading. Read stories and go to class, you'll make an easy A
MOST eccentric professor at UNCC. Be wary, he screams a lot and bangs on things, which can be annoying to some. Doesn't take attendance, but be sure to go, b/c you need the notes, trust me. He's intimidating, but nice. Tests aren't too hard.
Very enjoyable class. Dr. Martin is easy to love. He handles students very well and is very interactive. Teaches the material well. His interest in meteorology is very evident. His tests are 50 multiple choice questions, intentionally puts difficult, medium, and easy questions on the tests to get a sampling of grades but always curves. Great class!
he is the best teacher i have ever had. if any of you think his classes are hard i suggest you drop out of school, your not college material.
He is one of the greatest professors I've ever had. He's fun, interesting, and makes an extremely boring subject worth waking up and going to class for. I Loved him! Amazing person and is willing to help out in any way.
He is such a sweet man. He knows his stuff but his tests are kinda hard. Plenty of extra credit, just go to class and you'll be fine!
He is a great teacher. I don't really like science but he makes the class fun, and even though his tests are kinda tricky, he gives extra credit points. I def. would take him again!
Nice guy, and tries to make class interesting. BUT HARD VERRRYY HARD TESTS, he knows they are hard so he gives a lot of extra credit. He wrote the book, and lab manual. Not an easy A and not even an easy B!
great teacher.. class structure can be boring but he loves teaching this stuff.. very funny man.. gives extra credit after tests.. nice guy
Class is very intersting. Tests are pretty hard but he curves them. Gives lots of extra credit but you need to attend class to do well.
good teacher. very intelligent and good sense of humor. he is always willing to help. plus he has all the notes you need on the internet in order! lots of extra credit available and also he usually adds like 10-15 points to all your test grades.
He is an excellent professor. Yes, his tests are hard, but if you come to class, take good notes, and study, you will do fine. I am living proof. Failed his class when I was a Freshman, but skipped class frequently. Two years later, an A.
Good teacher, but very hard!!! He is extremely smart, unfortunatly can not explain material on a college level. His book and his class is like him talking to his colleagues. Hard to understand!!!! tests are a joke!!! tooo hard!
I've had two classes with Dr. Martin (ECSI 1101 & 2101) He is not hard, BUT YOU HAVE TO ATTEND CLASS. You must take good notes if you want to pass his tests. A's and B's are typical-otherwise you were sleeping. Both classes are good and I am a MIS major.
I've had 2 classes with Dr. Martin. He is not hard IF YOU GO TO CLASS. Take good notes! It's essential to passing the course. He gives good lectures and examples -- and it's not my major.
BEST Science teacher ! You can ace the class and more if you go to class.
Go to Class. xtra credit. Non-Commulative. xtra credit.
great teacher but tests are hard, GO TO CLASS
Read the Book and get the notes off the internet, study hard!
Great teacher! Makes class interesting and has great stories.
I took this as an honors class. Grillo really pushed group discussion and tried to establish an open speaking ground for everyone. He supports everyone thinking their own thoughts and being able to converse about them.
Grillo is a great teacher and a nice guy. He really knows his stuff. That being said, the course is really hard if you are not artistically inclined. Do not take this course unless you need it - it was way more work for an elective than I ever expected. Very lecture heavy, and very confusing at times. Grillo is awesome but ARH155 was not for me
Grades for semester come mostly from 2 big papers, make sure to turn in several drafts to get feedback. The more drafts you turn in, the better your ending grade will be, given you follow his advice. Absolutely destroys the papers with comments, but don't be alarmed, he gave grades just for passing in a paper, the final copy is what matters.
Not a huge fan of ARH, but class was mandatory for major. Very engaging, friendly, humorous, knowledgeable. Be sure to do at least a majority of the readings and really think about the essays and abstracts. Exams are annoying, be sure to study hard for them!
he's a tough teacher but hes awesome
I was an art history majore (recently graduated) but he wasn't my advisor. However, I did go to him a lot for help and advise. He is a great professor and can be really understanding when it comes to getting homework in on time.
rough tests, but nice guy, really smart
I think he's my favorite professor so far. VERY smart and VERY helpful. My only problems are a lot of reading to do, demanding tests, and also he draws some conclusions and relates certain things in ways that I don't always understand. But I would highly recommend him. good man
One of my favorite teachers at UMaine. Very intelligent, very interesting, and a really great person. He will challenge you to be a better student, but he is always VERY helpful.
Very intelligent and entertaining guy, which is good because he makes the very dry and boring material seem somewhat interesting. I loved his lectures, but the assigned reading for the course was a bit much. And beware: he's very demanding on his all essay tests.
Grillo is one of the most intelligent men I have ever met in my entire life. His intelligence can be rather daunting at times, but I strongly urge you to take his class. Expects a lot from students, but you learn A LOT from him.
A small Italian man who waves his arms a lot. Very entertaining. He really knows his stuff. (You don't really need to do the readings, though, they rarely come up. Though it is helpful to know their topics.) The tests are tough, so be prepared.
Grillo is very intelligent and a nice guy. Always willing to help. His "modern-day examples" are pretty funny too.
He has a lot of interesting ideas and makes you challenge your own beliefs.
i found MIchael to be a very engaging professor one of the best ive had yet
Very enthusiastic and funny!
He's a ****cat and is as smart as a whip
Amen (in regards to that last comment)
The best professor at UMO
He's so funky--i love it!! Great sense of humor and love those cowboy boots!!
really nice guy
I am not good at math, so I thought COS would be an easier option for fulfilling my Quant. gen ed. It was definitely harder than I thought it would be, but Carol is super sweet. When the material got harder, I went to Office Hours and Carol was so helpful. She talks you through assignments pretty much line by line.
Good Stuff
Amazing professor, extremely helpful, offers plenty of office hours, she hands out notes for the chapters she's teaching that are extremely thorough and give great examples. I would highly recommend this professor.
I liked that the professor was prompt in her email responses and that the class was relatively straight forward (though not super easy for me). I found it frustrating when she'd stray from the syllabus and it affected my grade.
You don't need the book. She hands out the highlights of each section and what she will be using. If you look at the labs and notes, homework is pretty easy. Her practice tests are a lot easier than the actual test. If you have trouble with programming, go to the TA hours. There were like 15 hours a week that we could get help.
HER LECTURES WERE STRAIGHT FORWARD AND THE LABS WERE HELPFUL BECAUSE SHE HELPED US WHEN WE NEEDED IT.
Roberts is a well-organized, knowledgeable teacher.
Very difficult teacher at first. If she would encourage to come to her office more, her classes would be a breeze. Talk to her outside class often, if you put in the effort you'll do well.
The class was easy, she taught off of handouts mostly. The homework was where I lost some points, but she's always willing to help you on your weekly assignment through email. She does get mad if you email her too cloase to the due date. The student graders aren't always accurate, so when you have a grading question, ask her and she might change it
Assignments can take a little long, but the work is child's play. My grandmother could probably do all this and she can't even turn on a computer. Definitely an easy A if you're looking for a couple.
The class was really easy. Just do you work and you'll get an A with no problem
Assignments can take kind of a long time, but are pretty easy. Any time I had a question I just e-mailed her and she got right back to me. Very helpful. Material isn't that interesting but the class isn't so bad.
Good teacher, very clear in lectures. willing to help students out when they need it. very helpful during lab time. class is a little slow.
Very clear and organized... Easy A if you go and do the work!!! Didn't have to study for the tests and still did well!!
Her class is one of those that you have to go and do the work, but then you should do well. I learned a lot about microsoft access in the class.
Great lectures! Organized notes. I liked her class.
homework is horrible, but she's great
The notes help a lot, and she's great at explaining.
very helpful, all you have to do is ask. she loves to help.
Teaches it well, tests are decent -- large hw load
Excellent lecturer. Easy tests, but long homework assignments.
Very organized and logical presentation of material. Takes it step by step.
very good teacher
only CS people would think she's hot... I mean walk around campus and look...
hot, hot, hot, oh my god hot!!
Excellent professor if you do your part.
Very clear, you just have to do the work.
She's a vixen but also a geek!
The best COS 220/221 teacher.
not a bad choice for 220 or 221
Great Professor, can be a tough class if you dont attend and dont prepare properly for tests. Read the handouts.
Great Professor. Make sure you know how to do all the homeworks and you will do great on the test.
great teacher, most of the class is a one topic discussion that seems irrelivant but it makes for a somewhat easy test...a little conceited though...overall great prof.
Nice professor. Do your homeworks and read the assigned chapters and you'll do great. Classes are boring but you'll get used to it. Show progress and interest and he'll bump your grade.
Smarter than the average bear.
Always an interesting class....makes it clear what he expects from his students.
He is a little quirky, but I learned a lot from his class and enjoyed his personality.. he certainly is not a stereotypical monotone economics professor. He is also the only professor at UMaine (as far as I know) who does research on the Austrian School of economics, so you get an interesting perspective worked in to things from that angle as well.
Great professor. Probably my favorite at Orono so far. Funny and a really nice guy, when you actually talk to him. Money and banking was super interesting. Go to every class, pay attention (not hard in his class), and you will do fine.
Interesting guy... can often find him at bear brew... pretty entertaining in class
Very good professor.
He's a good teacher and you must attend class. His tests are not easy, you need to take the time to study for them. If you attend class and study hard you will atleast get a B, class is worth taking
He's an excellent teacher. Works with his students, wants you to excell, knows the subject, makes it relevant and manages to keep it interesting!!!
Great professor, very nice and helpful, but these classes had an INCREDIBLE amount of work. She grades fair, its a lot of work, but it is all stuff you can use. You will be 100% ready to teach art after these classes.
She's a great prof. Lot of fun and makes class worth going to. She's a fair grader and if you do the work you're all set. Great prof.
Friggin Awesome, hard but fair, and extremely active in the art education world.
turned an art class into an english class... not cool... class wasnt bad though
very good teacher at first i was unsure about him but he is very kind hearted and funny he talks a lot about unnecessary things but it'll always make you laugh and usually have a point in the end he really cares about his students and wants you to pass with good grades
Super easy assignments. Mostly summaries due once a week. Easy grader!
Easy A. Gets off track a ton but assignments are easy and straightforward. Would take again!
I loved the people in my class and Addi. He's very relaxed about assignments and is understanding. Hes very helpful when you ask for it and i would take him again. I wouldve gotten a better grade if i worked a little harder.
Great teacher! One of the best English teachers I've ever had. There are mostly paper assignments that are fairly easy. His lectures are fun and interesting. He even adds some philosophy to get you thinking.
Great teacher and lenient with absences. He will help you understand the assignment to the fullest and you do learn in this class.
I took the 7-week online course. Great teacher! Lots of reading and writing (chapter summaries + essays + discussion board posts); you absolutely must discipline yourself to get all work in and on time for this accelerated course. 1 timed essay. Enjoyed the experience overall and learned a lot while writing away! Recommended for sure. Grade: 4.0
best professor i have ever experienced. very helpful, clear, and understanding. good cumminication skills through email. thanks prof!
This was an English 101 class that I took online.
This is a composition class, and things like works cited and bibliographies take precedence over content with good reason. He uses the text books a lot but picks interesting and helpful books for his classes. He's a world class instructor because he loves what he teaches and for those who get them, his jokes are quite clever. A+ - He's great.
Funny guy, very easy grader, but class can get extremly boring at time. Show up, turn in papers and you will get an A
I had professor Addi for English 101, and all my questions were answered in a timely manner and I also received a 3.9 in his class and I think it was the easiest 3.9 I have ever gotten. I think everyone should take his class, do the work and you will do great. I am taking English 102 this semester.
Professor Addi was the man. Took his class online and aced it easily. He grades extremely well and every assignment was a typed out paper. I recommend this class for anyone who starts off their first class of college online.
I had Professor Addi for ENG 101 and 102. I thought he was really clear in both, and taught well. I had OE/OE for 101 and online for 102. I did better in 101, but so do most people, lol. I think he grades fairly and is willing to help if you're willing to do the work and get it right. Good teacher, I recommended him to my sister and she passed!
talkative and outlandish, but with purpose. Tells crazy stories in class to make a point. Good for students who like english or do well, do not take if you struggle tho. I didnt feel he favored anyone, but does not tolerate ignorance for the written english language (he speaks like 9 languages, smart guy)
I took his class online and the information that he put online in his assignments were clear to understand. As far as his grading went, I can actually say that he was fair. I received a 3.2 out of his 7 week (english 102)
Assignments were fun and challenging.
He rules!
Freaken hilarious! Great teacher helps you look at writing in a new way.
Very good instructor. Breaks up the day with funny antidotes.
Good teacher...enjoyed very much
this was an amazing experience
He was a little hard at first but very willing to explain!
I don't get why she has a bad rating b/c she is an excellent professor. She knows her stuff. She answers questions well, she puts thought into her lectures, she incorporates pics and movie clips & there is a lot of discussion. Do the reading & you'll do fine in class. The papers are not difficult (2 of them are film reviews). I loved this class!
She is the best professor I have had and not condescending or mean as some have said. Your grade is made up by participation (make sure you make comments), two papers (doesn't grade too hard) and a final (take home), not too difficult if you do what you have to. She even let me turn in a paper late because I had a test the same day.A lot of reading
I learned so much in this class. An extreme amount of reading and outside class work if you have 4 or 5 other classes. Don't take for an easy class, but if you are ready to work and want to learn, I would recommend.
Not as bad as they say. Only test is a final, but she assigns a lot of books and movies outside of class. Participation is a big part of her class so if you dont like to talk do not take.
I really liked Dr. Amato. The only thing I found to be troublesome was the final group project. The project was very vague and we had to remind him about deadlines he put in his syllabus. However, he truly cares for his students and is a great professor. The lectures were made very interesting especially for economics, which is typically boring.
It's a hard class, but Dr. Amato does everything he can to help his students. He can be forgetful/disorganized at times, and does occasionally ramble, but overall the content is clear. All exam questions are based on the practice problems he has you work on and he allows a one page "non-cheat sheet" for the tests.
Dr. Amato really cares about his students. He's an intelligent man who enjoys having good conversations with many students.
Clicker quiz every class. He gives plenty of EASY extra credit. Read the book to understand material better but he explais it pretty well. Tests are just like practice tests on moodle. Notes are on moodle. Hard to fail tbh
Dr. Amato is excellent. His lectures are organized and clear. Tough but fair. He is extremely dedicated to teaching and it shows that he has a passion for it.
Professor Amato was amazing. It's true that if you don't attend class, listen to the lectures, or read the book you will fail. Attendance isn't mandatory, but highly recommended (trust me you'll show up just so you can drop your lowest test score). He's amazing, no reason you shouldn't pass.
I took him for micro econ. I am not a business major so all concepts were new to me. He uses a lot of examples and makes class somewhat enjoyable. clicker quizes daily, online hw weekly. if you don't miss more than 2 classes and score high on the 4 tests you can exempt the final!! i highly recommend this prof!
you know how they say it's always that one professor that really makes you think twice about life and who's hard on you, but for all the right reasons this guy is it. great professor, has passion for what he does. class is hard but if you come to class, read the book,and do the study guide it's passable.
Dr. Amato made the lectures interesting. The attendance policy will really help your grade. Always offers review sessions before tests. All notes are posted online, so you can sit in class and relax. I would take him again if he taught something I needed.
I took Macro with Dr. Amato in the summer. I enjoyed the course and got an A although it is not my major. He has a way of teaching that makes students appreciate economics. Go to every class and listen, try reading the chapters daily and study the multiple choice questions in the study guide and you'll be solid.
Lecture were interesting... he is pretty clear with what will be on the test. Make sure to do hmwk problems assigned & review answers. Study guide helps for the possible mild "curve ball" on the test.
He was a very good teacher. Althought ECON was not my best subject, he made sure that he could help to his best ability.Attend class as much as possible because you may be able to omit your final. He was helpful and I would take him again.
Dr. Amato is a really good teacher. He gives you a practice test before the test so you can somewhat expect what the test is going to be on. The tests are a little hard, but as long as you go to class and work with the study guide, you'll be fine.
He is a great teacher. He understands not everyone loves econ, especially accounting majors. Always read the chapters and buy and do the study guide. Tests can be hard but as long as you grasp the material you will do well
READ his assigned text and get the study guide. sometimes he goes off on topics that have nothing to do with econ but overall he is really a great teacher
Dr.Amato is a great teacher! He knows that Econ is not for everyone. But he wants you to know the material. If you read the chapters and do the study guide, you should be fine. I hated econ, but Dr.Amato made the class more interesting..with his discussions about riding his bike in Davidson(always funny), and about his garderner. Funny guy.
Good teacher, but his political comments were uncalled for at times. He lets you know he has tenure, and can say whatever he wants. He has a big ego. But, overall he taught straight from the book and study guide. I recommend this professor.
Personable and fair professor. New professors take note: When in doubt, imitate Dr. Louis "Ted" Amato. The class is difficult but there are many examples to keep you engaged and up to speed. I wish we spent more time reviewing problems but the theory is valuable in the workplace, if not on the test.
i worked my butt off in this class!!! i appreciated that a lot, and he makes you work for your grade, which is refreshing. make sure you do the problems in the study guide b/c the test questions come from the same ppl that make the study guide.
Very good teacher.Will make you work but he is fair and you will learn a lot from him.Come to class because your notes will be the main thing for tests.Helpful and nice, but show that you are intersted.
great professor. willing to help, willing to give extra consideration for better grades at end of term over low grades at beginning. optional final. however, too opionionated, does not respect differing viewpoints. but great teacher and person - recommend
Wish he wasn't so married
A very generous grader in this course (graduate level)
Challenging class. Tests are fairly easy if you use the study guide.
Very entertaining, but frequently goes off topic. She doesn't sugar coat anything and gives you the information you need. Very relaxed class. Fairly easy (as long as you go to class and know the material). However, if you prefer a more straight-to-the-point teaching style, Yelland isn't for you.
All around awesome teacher
love her! she makes a boring class fun!
Mama Linda is one of the nicest professors I've ever had. While I understand why some people say the class doesn't require much thought it's not the case. She just has a different teaching style--teaching through story telling--rather than bland lecturing. She's fun, funny, and very willing to help.
Great teacher! Really funny. She tries her best to keep the class interesting even if the topic is VERY boring. Theres no homework and the exams are super easy. Its quite obvious that she cares about her students.
Interesting enough lectures, if you can wake up inthe morning for them. She's funny, and describes things in great detail. Often gives test questions & answers IN CLASS.
She is Entertaining, funny, Easy "A", BUT if you actually want to learn psychology don't take her class. Her texts are a joke. She's great for a no brainer class and you'll get a good laugh, though I don't think she realizes that people are laughing at her and not with her.
She's very funny and laid back only thing though is that if her text books were any more watered down we would all drown. I liked her class got an A sold text and bought another text from Smiths class to keep for my own use. Just listen to her being funny and get an easy "A"!
I loved her class and I loved her stories. She is the only teacher to ever keep my full attention in a 9am class!!!!
shes a friendly, decent professor. study, and u should be fine.
Great lecturer, easy to understand, you learn a lot and she's fun to listen to.
Very nice and funny teacher, but her tests are not as easy as she leads you to believe.
Alright.Uses lots of examples but gets off track easliy.Didn't learn enough.
Mike is a super nice guy. Take his feedback to heart, it'll benefit greatly to your work. He really knows his stuff and is really deserving of respect.
Mike has a great ability to bring out the best in people, he is very kind and willing to help. The syllabus explains what he expects for grades, so if your work isn't museum quality don't expect an A. However, I think his grading is fair. He expects a lot of time on the work assigned. Overall though I really enjoyed his class and recommend him.
Friendly, laid back, but professional. Knows his stuff.
Don't let him pick the nude models for figure drawing or you will be disapointed
Great class and one of the best prof. you'll ever have. He is very intelligent and sensible. You will learn a lot, the tests are tough but they get scaled.
Sadly, Dr. Sundahl has retired. There are good professors at our college but few with good grandpa qualities. If good teaching is not only content but personal experience, amazing stories, well, we miss him, especially the very warm and friendly time in his offide.
I'm in my second year of law school. Dr. Sundahl was my first year Great Books professor and my honors thesis advisor. In retrospect, my success in law school is the result of him teaching me to read well, write well, and think well. That and his law school recommendations and his care for my well-being were superb. I owe him my future.
Dr. Sundahl is the finest professor I've known in two years of college. No one has made a bigger impact on my life.
Dr. Sundahl is the type of professor to not only help you develop basic english rhetoric skills, but his teachings and lectures influence far beyond the classroom. He is terribly sarcastic and witty, but I think that's because he believes in the radiancy of his students and he's not one to take excuses. In fact, I find him oddly humble. Great man.
Great prof, and great guy. I'm still laughing at his lectures. Every class was a treat because of his amazing sense of humor and his phenomenal lecutres...THE smartest man I have ever met, on everything...great guy, EVERYONE should take a class with him!
Dr. Sundahl is brilliant, extremely knowledgeable, very fun, & kind. I don't think he's arrogant;he just really doesn't care about impressing anyone anymore. He teases relentlessly, but just tease back. Try to grasp the ideas, & ask if you don't get it. Go to his office, he's great to talk to and really cares about his students. He's hard but fair.
Dr. Sundahl is my favorite professor, admitably this makes me biased. I have taken four classes with him so far. He is not excedingly hard, although if you dont appreciate language the same way he does, he may not seem clear. He is hallerious and a great source information of simply story telling. He's not sociable, but he is willing to help studen
He is a very intelligent teacher even if a little egotistical at times. I like the fact that he feels comfortable enough with his students to pick on them. Tests are hard and easy at the same time, but he offers tons of help with the papers, you just have to be willing to take it.
SunnyD is a traditional, egotistical conservative. His ideas on literature are context based. Does not project modern political ideas onto past author's works, which is a rarity in this day and makes him worth your time. Not politically correct, and I loved him for it.
A very funny egostical man who improved my writing by ripping the heck out of it and terrorizing my grades. But because of that I am a much better writer and his classes are vbery interesting
I remember more from Dr. Sundahl's classes than from any class with any other English professor
LIT from a modern-psych/philosophy point of view. Entertaining in class, but might "put you in the barrel" (ie, mock you mercilessly) in class. If you go in for help, he's even harder to understand. You have to just absorb his way of thinking to
Unique and great sense of humour, a friendly guy actually. Often puts people on the spot in class, expecting you to know a lot of material, so read. Exams are 100% essays. Focuses on the literature from a philosophical and psychological point of view.
Great professor, interesting lectures... He'll make you nervous enough that you have to do the reading so he doesn't embarrass you in class...but that's a good thing.
Hello hottie...and totally brilliant. Made me want to read, study, participate. Incredibly helpful.
Dr. Mills is a very nice professor. Her class consists of a movie, a discussion, and a quiz that's assigned on a weekly basis. It's pretty easy but if you have other work to do it's an inconvenience. I missed an assignment by a minute and mailed her if she could open it but she didn't respond. The quizzes are muted which is pretty annoying tbh.
She is very nice and helpful, and very knowledgable about the material she covers, but lectures and screenings sometimes tend towards pretty dull. The class is still good and I feel like I'm learning a lot. It is a bit harder than I expected, but it's not impossible.
I took Dr. Mills's class online and found it to be the perfect level of difficulty. Not to easy yet not as time consumingly hard as my other courses. Her web page is better than that of other online teachers I've had. The books she requires aren't as boring as they seem and are quite readable. Can't say how good she is face to face, but online's A+
BORINGGGGGGGGG. Easy A.
I dont know what these people are talking about, Mills is a great teacher, really nice and fun. She didn't make us order NY Times or talk about TV shows..
You learn the same thing about 10 times, but it's not her fault. She means well and tries to make the group activities fun, just hope you have a smart group and STUDY for the tests. Don't subscribe to the NY Times, just get it on campus. =)
Class was easy. tests are easy if you just read the material and study her powerpoints. Classes are interesting. Mills knows what she's talking about and fun to listen to, but not very helpful to students outside class. Group projects are easy but a pain in the butt. Be easier if they were individual projects.
Her class was fun. Do the projects right and you get A's. Exams are hard but it is a fun class. she is a good teacher.
She has a passion for television, and if you do too, you will love her. Don't look for an easy A, you have to listen to keep up with her. She assumes you already know a lot about television. Just a little out dated, but she tries to keep the class informed.
I love this professor. She is more than helpful and every lecture is interesting. Mills absolutely LOVES news! You have to share the passion to really enjoy her class. She is big on hands-on work and tries to teach in a way everyone can understand.
Only take this class if you want to become a broadcasting professional. She does not kid around, she requires a lot from her students, but she knows what she is talking about and she is trying to prepare us for the outside world. Only take her if you are serious! Excellent teacher!
I can't believe people always complain about Mills. I have had her for two classes now and am scheduled for another next semester--and she's good! People say she is so hard, but she's not and she's always willing to assist people outside of class.
Everyone is complaining about Mills, but I thought her class was great. She doesn't do the ordinary "follow my ppoint slides" boring regurgitation of info. This is COLLEGE, read the book, do the homework...I got an A...you can too.
very boring unless ur an rtv major. a lot of info about the business thats just too technical and boring. lectures r boring. do the study guides and youll do decent on the exams. pulled off a B somehow
BORING!!! ended up with a B and did no work
Very rigid with her syllabus. Don't miss online quizzes!
Shes tough, but fair and you can tell she enjoys her work.
Very good lecturer, he makes the class interesting whenever possible. He may seem a tad scatterbrained but is incredibly smart and knowledgable, and very nice. Sometimes his assignments are a little vague but he is always willing to listen and answer questions.
Best teacher I've had at the school. Exams test you on important elements presented in class. Lectures always worth attending. Assignments prepare student for later courses such as COS 250, 350, and 431.
VERY good professor. Very understanding regarding late assignments, very clear during lectures, and always more than willing to revisit a topic if kids don't understand it.
Has a great way of engraving the principles into your head. A true entertainer!
Nice guy.
Good when he can remember that he's in 350 and not 420. Too much on his mind.
I was one of the few who really liked him...but, I did really like him. Good guy
Mike is not getting enough credit on this site. He comes off colder than he really is. He's an excellent professor, I've learned more from him than any other New Media professor. He won't spoon feed his students, he wants them to try or he won't give them the time of day. If you make an effort to talk to him/ask questions, he'll help you succeed.
I did very well in his classes, I enjoyed them for the subject matter and the collaboration with other students with either an artistic or programming background. Mike exploits students abilities for his own advantage, unfortunately it teaches you a valuable lesson during your young naive years in college- you can't even trust your teacher.
Work with him, show an honest effort, and you will be rewarded in the end. You're supposed to be challenged in college and I for one am glad that Mike doesn't accept the bare minimum from his students. This isnt high school anymore, get a clue people.
Honest, direct, sharp. Take his comments as help not attacks! Great guy!
Some people cant take him. Dont knock the challenges you cant handle
Brilliant, sometimes misunderstood. gain his respect before you talk trash!
The class was easy. There are only 2 hard deadlines, midterm and final. Don't miss them. Emails back very quickly and is VERY helpful if you have any questions.
He is a great teacher and his class was very easy! I took his online class and I made an A. I was finid=shed with all of the assignments in 3 weeks so all I had to do was NOTHING for the rest of the semester!
The only reason I didn't really enjoy the class was because some people just didn't seem to understand the material. I guess this kind of stuff just comes naturally to me, I found it painfully easy and I ended up not coming to class regularly because I didn't get anything out of it.
Really great teacher. Subject is time-consuming and just strange. But, as a professor, he is approachable, helpful, and has a great computer-based homework system that is a saving grace for passing the class.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU CAN AVOID IT! Croy is REALLY nice, but the material is SOO boring and repetitive. This class was a waste to me-- you're better off taking stats!! Take my word for it!
This class was tough. The computer HW was great, but trying to do them on a paper test is difficult. Do not let "No Attendance Policy" keep you from class, trust me! Its even harder if you don't go to class! I pulled a "C" yet struggled the whole semester. Don't hesitate to ask for help.you'llneedit
dr. croy is entertaining and fun to listen to, but ones grade in the class is based on four essays and in class discussion. interesting, funny class if you can handle not having many grades. DOES NOT TAKE ATTENTDANCE.
He's very technical, but all around interesting. I enjoyed his course, but had trouble with the material. He was very willing to help where needed. Great professor if you're willing to work for the grade.
He is a very nice teacher and willing to help if you ask. I would definatly not recommend taking the internet course. The material is way to difficult to learn youself with out someone explaining it to you.
Really nice guy! No homework, just prelims. He definitely knows what he's talking about when it comes to philosophy and he's really open about people asking questions and furthering the discussion. Would recommend.
Good class for a basic understanding of what it is entitled, Contemporary Moral Problems, though I don't think it should be THE intro philosophy course. He's a good prof, just don't be too tired going into class.
I got a high grade but I think that its because he liked me but if he doesn't like you expect a low grade. Not a fair grader.
Good Class Alot Of work though I learned alot. Developed new words in my vocabulary I have never heard in my life I highly recommend him for any philopophy course he knows what he is talking about. Awesome teacher and very helpful.
Good prof., open discussions, will call you if he thinks you're wrong
v.nice, v.approachable, his dry humor is great, he'll make you work though...
great class....he makes you actually think!
really cool guy
SHE IS WHY I BECAME AN ACCOUNTING MAJOR
She loves her students and she loves to teach. The homework, tests, and quizzes were challenging. You best bet is to actually read the book and take good notes. Uses clicker. You have to give the class a lot of time or you will fail. Gives a cushion of points at the end of the semester. Still you have to study your tail off for it.
Professor Yarbrough cares a lot about her students. Be prepared for a giant amount of homework though. Show up to class, do your homework, and study and you should do great in her class.
Awesome instructor! Very helpful and nice to each of her sections. She taught most chapters very thoroughly and exams were easy if you studied. She does clicker questions every class so attend. Its a lot of HW and Quizzes but it definitely helps come exam time. I got an high B.
Lots of work, but it helps you in the long run. Tests are not too bad. Got a B average on them. She is a good teacher that wants you to succeed.
Personally, I loved Professor Yarbrough. Not going to lie, her class is a lot of work (homework, online quizzes, tests, clicker questions, and an easy project), but it's all meant to help you better understand the material. If you go to class, pay attention and put effort into understanding the material, you should get at least a B, I made an A.
Really enjoyed her class! She is nice and very helpful. I recommend reading the book as much as you can! At least read the first four chapters so you get a good foundation on the basics. Her handouts were great. Also enjoyed using Connect.
Professor Yarbrough is a really good teacher. She tries to give as many resources as possible to help you learn the material. Accounting can be tough if it doesn't come natural to you, but if you go to class and work hard, you can get a good grade.
She does assign a lot of work but it's only to help you understand the material. The tests are hard but she does offer a lot of tutoring. I barely passed with a B, but that's thanks to showing up to class and doing assigned work. The tests kicked my ass. Unless you can handle the commitment and workload, don't take her.
I loved Ms. Yarbrough. Yes she gives you a lot of homework but if she didn't assign it you wouldn't understand the material. She makes class enjoyable and actually WANTS her students to pass. Acct is hard but this is the best teacher you could have. Go to SI and do your homework.
SO FAR SO GOOD. At first shes gives u a ton of HW assignments in Moodle that are graded. Test are kinda HARD but if you study you'll do okay. She gives fill in the blank notes which makes it really easy to follow along in class and actually learn and comprehend the information. Go to class, do the HW and Connect Ass... and you should do ok......
Don't take her
She is a great professor, but I had to take the class twice because I did not pay attention. Taking her in the summer is easier because it is a smaller class size and there are more examples. I made a B for the class the second time around,
Such a sweet lady. Uses handouts so you can just fill in the blank in class & pay attention. The class was pretty hard for me - I was surprised I passed. I would recommend this class, though. She is extremely helpful (and so are the SI sessions!). Just be sure to put in a LOT of work for this class!
If you didnt do well in this class its because you didnt go to class, you didnt try hard enough, and you certainly didnt go to Supplemental Instruction. Anyone who didnt do well only has themselves to blame.I took this class twice because I was lazy first time around. I went from a D to an A. Stop your complaining because you didnt try hard enough
Easy A if you do the homework, quizzes, flash cards, and anything else in wiley.
If you miss a class, you will be lost. Print off handouts, go to SI, do all of the homework (Wiley and turn in), study all definitions. There is homework due every class, at least 1 or 2 quizzes in between every test(write out, not multiple choice), there is part 1&2 of a project, the test are a fair measure of what you're to know. A lot of work!
Great teacher. Likes to embarrass students so watch out. Textbook is a waste of money since a copy comes with the required Wileyplus program that is used. I made an A in the class and NEVER opened the book. This class is not easy so study, do the [never-ending] homework, and study for tests/quizzes and you'll be fine.
This course is only hard due to all the new terms and concepts taught. Reading is a must to do good on the exam. She types up handouts for every chapter that has good examples and overview. Attendance is not mandatory but she tries to punk you out if you are talking or try to leave in the middle of class. all in all she is a nice old lady.
she is not totally bad but you need to work your a## in order to get an A
Accounting is extremely hard in general and i spend more time doing work for this class than alllll my others COMBINED...NO JOKE!! she is a very good teacher though and does everything she can to help you understand. But most likely you will convince yourself that knowing how to do accounting is a skill only some people are born with...goood luck :
Prof.Yarbrough was a wonderful instructor(nice too)& didn't mind helping out her students.The chapter handouts eliminated A LOT of note-taking, & the project was an easy grade boost.Go to class(effects your grade), do the homework, & ask questions.A's & B's for most(the one's who try)Take her class!
Very hard class, but a pretty good teacher. There is a LOT of work and studying to do if you want a decent grade. I would recommend her because her classes averaged 10% higher test grades than other classes.
whoever said this class was easy LIED! it is the hardest class ive taken. shes a good teacher but the material is rushed and there is tooo much to learn overall. i have studied more for this class then most other combined and still prayin to get a C.
Great Professor.. Hard class.. put in a alot of work and get a B... it is very very hard to get an A in this course..
Ths material is hard but she knows it and is very helpful. Always willing to meet with you after class. Tries to make you understand the material in the easiest way possible. Sit in the front and get to know her and you'll be better off!
Very good at applying the concepts and her ability to prepare the class for exams. Don't belittle or BS her though she will see right through it. Do the homework!
When it comes to questions, she's really helpful. She WANTS you to do well in her class!
very sweet lady but class is hard, she takes time for students. gives extra points to help you avoid failure
nice, pay attention, all notes on internet, do quizzes, and project assignments, can get c's on all the tests and if u do everything else,you'll get a B
prepares you for test very well reviews for at least 1 if not 2 days and tells you exactly what will be on it, takes attendance and puts you on the spot but gives extra points at end and on projects
Very nice teacher but the class is taught by strict department guidelines. This makes her no easier then any of the other teachers
Great teacher, go to class, print out and READ the handouts, do most of the homework. She prepares you for the test, best prof. for acct.
Takes attendence... she doesn't make the tests, but she prepares you for them well. Doing your homework will definitely help - not a slack class.
Great teacher when she teaches
Hard but fair. Will help if you ask.
Her handouts are a simpler version of the textbook. Lots of work. Good Prof.
Solid A or B if you study, go to class, and do HW - point blank. Common exams
good teacher.....must do hmwk and quizzes...will teach if you work on your own
Pretty good teacher. DO HW! Thats only way you will pass class & quizzes
Awesome class! She is great
Good Teacher but Study Hard at Test Time
had to teach myself the material
Good teacher. Take her during the summer.
Dr. Morgan is totally awesome! Great class and I learned a lot because everything was hands on. I totally recommend!
Dr. Morgan is the best. She's fun, articulate, and interesting. Her style is a major trip from what most young college students are used to, thus the whiny ratings below. If you go to class, listen, and do your work, you're golden. I had Dr. M for four classes over the years, and they've always been the best. She's Teacher of the Year for a reason!
Definitely recommend taking this professor. Though I was not a fan of the course material covered, such as: the stories we had to read, she is fantastic. If you need help just ask, she is sincere and always makes herself available to talk. Though class is mandatory, I highly enjoyed attending her class. The atmosphere was always light and fresh.
At first I did not know what to expect from Dr. Morgan. I found her class to be very helpful especially as an English major. She is willing to help so long as you are willing to work. Dr. Morgan is not extremely tough, but you will do work. You will definitely appreciate this course in the end! Do not let other peoples ratings stray you!
Don't be afraid, she's not that bad. I found her to be open, honest and willing to help. Try to write with an "original voice" in your papers and she will grade accordinly. She rewards creative ideas and thinking. Don't be a cookie cutter student and she will appreciate your presence in her class. Try to talk to her before or after class, too.
Dr. Morgan is great, but admittedly an 'acquired taste.' To do well in her class, you will have to be prepared to think past your gen-ed high-school lit classes and really delve into the meanings behind the pieces you read for the class. Do it right and you will make it just fine. Be lazy and write poorly and you won't...
Dr. Morgan is an excellent teacher. She gives you a lot of freedonm but with that comes responsibility. If you need help or don't think she is clear, just ask her. She responds to every e-mail she ever gets. She is big on form, so check your writing before your interpretation of the texts.
Appreciates her students, is fair, and listens. Expect to work for your grade.
Dr. Lansen is an amazing professor! I took him for HIST 2005 and 3147. I enjoyed and got As in both of those classes. He tells his lectures like a story to keep the class engaged and integrates group presentations into them. Exams are easy as long as you review your notes before. In-class essays are also easy as long as you read the book before.
Tests are way harder than I would expect for this level course. You will learn a lot though.
Professor Lansen is a great lecturer. I found that time flew while I was in this class. Only six assignments, 3 of which are essay-heavy tests and 2 papers. He grades tough, I found it difficult to make an A on any test. If you need an LBST credit and like history, I'd recommend him.
Professor Lansen is great in lectures and always finds ways to make them interesting, but when it comes to tests no material is given on canvas, so you're kind of on your own with studying. If you don't take your own notes don't expect to find them online.
He's a very lively teacher and will keep your interest in the course, but be sure to stay off your phone in class. You have to put in some work for an A, but if you pay attention in class and understand what he is teaching (and read the books he assigns), then you'll most likely get an A!
Easily one of the best professors at UNC Charlotte. History majors should definitely take him for 2600. You'll learn a LOT but you'll need to put in the effort. Over the semester you work towards a final paper (and have additional assignments).
Really knows what he's talking about. Also gives clear instructions on what he looks for in papers. Only downside is the amount of reading but he is willing to help you with the papers if you are struggling.
Really liked his Children in War & Conflict Gen Ed class! There is a book assigned for each test but they're pretty interesting. Tests are difficult but once you study and figure out what he wants, it gets much easier. Make sure you take one of his classes before you graduate!
Oscar is a GREAT teacher. He's tough, and forces you to work really hard, but he is an awesome person to know if you get on his good side. He also really advocates for those in his learning community. He's probably the only teacher I've had that inspired me to WANT to do well in his class
Oscar is a great teacher! He explains things really easily and wants everyone to succeed. He's from the Netherlands, so his accent is awesome. Make sure you take his classes or join his history learning community!
Dr. Lansen is great at getting you to understand the material and making sure of it. I took his class during summer (don't do unless your ready to work your butt off) but I obtained so much from this class. Even though it pushed me to the limit I obtained so much in skill and knowledge. Take him! Go to class and do the work. You will gain.
The best teacher at UNCC. Please take him if you have the chance. He will go out of his way to make sure you know the material. Just don't do anything stupid or he will make fun of you.
Outstanding instructor! He is incredibly knowledgable, and makes the lecture interesting. There will be plenty of reading, for sure, but you will learn a lot and have fun doing it. Tough paper grader.
Dr. Lansen's Children in War and Conflict class is the reason I'm a history major. He's a hard grader, I made a pretty low grade on my first exam but once I figured out how to answer the questions it got easier. Lots of reading, take good notes and DON'T take your cell phone out in class (although it's really funny when someone else does!)!
This class is probably the only class that I don't mind going to because the topic is so interesting. Lansen straight lectures but he makes sure that anything important gets put in your notes. Tests are essay but as along as you hit the major points you will get a good grade. I highly recommend taking any of his classes at some point.
Dr. Lansen is an amazing teacher. His class was not easy, but it was so interesting. I looked forward to his lectures, and I would definitely take him again.
Dr. Lansen's class is awesome. He keeps you interested and laughing. The writing session is pain because the TA doesn't explain how he grades. The tests for the lecture are all essays, therefore not easy, but if you have paid attention, you will do well. It's not an easy A class, but it's well worth taking. Read the books or you will do poorly on the tests and writing.
I took this class with a different professor and failed. Im retaking it with Dr, Lansen, hes amazing. He curses alot but it makes it easier to understand everything i think. Really cool guy. His tests are very easy if you actually go to class.
This prof is so funny! His class goes by really fast! He tells funny stories too. The tests are done in blue books & can be somewhat tricky. Whatever you do, DO NOT, i repeat DO NOT sleep, text, listen to your ipod, or show up late to his classes... he will definately call you out in front of everybody!! Most interesting prof so far :)
If given the option never choose to do what seems to be the hardest assignment. Other than that you'll be fine. Just learn to study and ask any questions you may have.
Without a doubt the best history teacher I have ever had, he knows what he is talking about and is willing to help if you have a question. The tests are difficult but after the first 2 you get in the rhythm of what to study and what not to, everyone should try and take one of his classes, and if your a hist major make it a priority
<3 him...would take him every year if i could...amazing!! tests are hard but helpful!!!
I loved Oscar!!! I enjoyed his class a lot and he was a lot of fun! His tests were fairly hard but once you get the hang of it its easy. I advise everyone to take hiuis class because you will love it. It was both an honor and a privlage to have had him as a teacher!
i agree with the previous ratings. He is the best professor I took at UNCC even though he is nuttier than squirrel****. I was interested in the material that was supposed to be boring history, but he made it so much fun I actually wanted to come to class! NOT YOUR AVERAGE PROFESSOR!
Holocaust Class: This professor is fabulous. I took him over the summer and really enjoyed the class. The readings were a bit tough to stomach (content) but he made the class an enjoyable experience. You definitly want to take his classes.
Great Teacher
oscar is extremly fun, although he is hard you can tell he knows his stuff. take this class if you pay attention you can learn loads
Oscar is the man! He is so much fun in class, and he really knows what he's talking about. He offers you so many opportunities for help, and even tells you how to take his test. He requires you to be there, but it's not a big deal. You'll actually want to go because the class is so much fun.
Oscar is the best teacher I have had at UNCC so far! His lectures are so entertaining that you almost forget you are learning. There is no homework other than a couple of discussions you have to do throughout the semester, but they are simple. The tests are not easy, but if you go to the study sessions he gives away answers. Take this class!
Oscar Lansen is the greatest teachers I have ever had. I completely bored at the idea of history, but he has a way of making you interested and not only that, I actually learned the material! He is a very sweet man with a amazing sense of humor. He'd easily get my nomination of teacher of the year. I want to do the class all over again!
Well its an interesting class, he uses examples and stories to hold your attention, but forget doing well on his test unless you hold his same opinions. They are essay style tests and he asks for your opinion but if your opinion is different than his he takes points off. I don't really think he was fair, but its still interesting.
One of the most interesting teachers I've ever had. If you arent a little interested in history it is hard to follow because there is no book, but his lectures are very livley and entertaining. The class overall was one I would recommend to anyone that like anything about the second half of American history.
Mouth like a sailor but very devoted to teaching.
Outstanding professor. Down to earth and really wants his students to do well. If you are not planning on going to class then do not take him. He does take roll everyday and expects students to come to class and participate. I highly recommend him to all students.
He was a speaker at my 8th grade class, a guest of Mr. Michael Williams. He talked to us about the Holocaust and other WWII history. He is very informed and well-versed in WWII history to every last detail. He is also a very funny and nice guy to be around. He is Dutch and has a little bit of an accent, but after the first 10 minutes youll have fun
I waited until my senior year to take this course and walked in dreading it. However, during the first five minutes I was thinking, "this could be interesting". He yanks answers out of self-conscious freshman and chases people if they leave during class, but above all he's a gifted teacher.Oh yeah, and he's Dutch and not afraid to show it.Take him!
EXCELLENT professor. I have always hated history with a passion and I stink at retaining the information, but he makes it so interesting, that you can't help but listen and want to learn it. His stories are amazing and his comments are hilarious, but be ready to work, because there is a lot of reading and writing to do. Reasonable Final exam.
The best history professor i've ever had.
awesome teacher!! he's so crazy and passionate about what he's teaching it makes you want to learn about it. the tests are difficult but go to class and study and you'll do fine. i learned more from him than any teacher i've ever had. i TOTALLY recommend him :-)
i really enjoy this class. the subject matter is interesting and he makes good analogies to explain subject matter. his tests are hard though!! you have to know the little details he talks about. go to class and takes notes and study. if you don't like webct don't take this class. i recommend!
Funny and a decent teacher. The only two mistakes you can make: 1) Not reading the assigned text, and 2) Sitting in the back of the class; he writes so small and sloppy that sometimes it doesnt' even pay to go to class because you can't see the notes!
Great teacher. Makes everything easily understandable. Must go to class and do assignments to get a good grade.
I have taken 3 classes with Oscar. Those who post negative things about him are likely those who work just hard enough to get by. If you think teachers GIVE you a grade, stay away. He gives you nothing, you merely take what you earn.
Grading is EXTREMELY hard, but is willing to help you for next test. Be sure to stay on top of deadlines and dates when things are due. Lots of extra work. Can't just go to class and take tests. Funny and nice guy though.
Subject-Holocaust,awsome lectures,WEB-CT a plus,loves to teach and shows,EXAMS/essays&I.D.'s,other assign.= 1-2 short papers and web-ct assignments.(Attend mandatory),one should read assignments,use links to websites for additional info,enjoy!!
He is hilarious! Take his class for the enjoyment if anything. Also, he makes history come alive!
he's a great professor! he knows when to be silly and when to be serious--all while making sure you understand the context that he's teaching.
Best teacher I've ever had...Lansen is funny, and teaches the stuff great. Just make sure you take good notes and STUDY, tests are hard, almost impossible to get an A.
Love his class, but WATCH HIS WEB SITE! There was a paper due TODAY that he never announced in class, just on his web site!
Oscar is kind of hard to understand at first, but you get used to him. Very funny, but dont be late he will make fun of you. Study your notes and website and you will do fine.
Good class, Great teacher! Dont sleep through class and pay attention to make an A. Take any class that he has.
Hard essay test, grades hard, funny teacher but I don't take his class
Very nice guy. Makes class fun and interesting. You have to do your work
Oscar's class is a blast! Don't expect an easy ride. You'll have to do work!
Very cool dude! You can learn so much in his class!
The class is very easy or at least it was for me. Tests are the only thing in the grade book with the exception of 3 case studies and a signature assignment. He gives you an extra 20 points on a test if you get 2 questions right at the end of each test. I got a 102% in that class just because of those extra 20 points at the end. It is easy.
Most important thing I can say about this class is READ THE BOOK and you will have no problem at all. Hardly went to class or took notes, but I read each assigned chapter from start to finish and got an A in the course. Tests are straightforward multiple choice, 41 questions, last one being a bonus 5 point questions. Overall, good professor.
all the kids who say hes bad are either the ones who dont go to class or sleep through it, theyre pathetic. its an easy A if you go to class and take his notes from the lecture(he sums up what you need to know from the book)... all tests have a bonus question. i pity the the kids that scored less than a 90 on any of his tests
Tests are really hard, I had to study my @ss off. Then Prayed I passed, came out with an "A". He's a really nice professor, but you MUST do all of your work and study a whole LOT if you want an A. Impossible? no, just super hard!
Good teacher. Don't miss a class, because you will miss out on a lot of info. Tests are kind of tricky, but if you read the chapters and understand the context, then you should come out with an A.
Awesome teacher! Take good notes and read the chapters thoroughly and u will get an an easy A. Plus he never keeps u the entire class!
Pretty easy class and you learn alot.
Definitely a great teacher. you will learn a lot if you take this course, but you must do your homework!
He's a good teacher. He tells you what you need to know and doesn't give you any BS. If you study a little bit for his exams you'll wind up with an A no problem.
Great for micro; hot and a nice man
interesting and knows alot about econ
he's so funny and the class is easy
The teacher is really a sexy guy!!!
His tests are straight out of the book. Go to class just for clarity
fairly easy, nice body though
Either go to class or read the book and you'll make an A.
The class is boring. The professor is certainly willing to help if you need it, but if you don't ask, she doesn't know. Class time goes by slowly, and she works until the last minute. Expect to teach yourself the lessons prior to the test. Attendance is mandatory.
The class is pretty boring, and she works up until the very last minute but she is very willing to help if you need it. A low grade in this class is pure laziness because she tells you exactly what to study for tests, vocab quizes, and she tells you the prompt for compositions way ahead of time. It's not an interesting class but it's not difficult
Easy class if you know spanish. She grades hard. Nice lady but don't talk while she's talking.
very sweet and helpful! Her class is extremely easy, study for the tests and you wil do well.
One of my fav. professors ever! She is very helpful and works with you if you want to work with her. She doesn't expect you to be fluent in the language at all. She's very sweet and funny!She gives hw but it only helps you if u do it &her tests r not hard
Intimidating at first, but not as bad as people say. Just do your homework and volunteer in class and she will love you. Drops grades, and gives you extra credit. you will do better than you think.
Make sure you have a strong Spanish 1 background. She's a bit unclear, but she will give u many chances to bring your grades up. She's real nice as long as u make sure u do your homework. Study real hard for her quizzes. for final, STUDY past tests!!!
doesn't teach; not possible to get A's on her test
She explains the course material in a very easy to understand manner. She also has review materials available on her website. I'd take a class with her again.
This is a hard class in general so beware. Dr. Sun is very helpful and really wants her students to do well. Unfortunately most students are to busy criticizing her and her accent to actually listen to what she is teaching. Go see her(that really helps) but this is a hard subject in general.
Professor Sun is very nice and very fair. She does have an accent but you get used to it. She is a very good teacher, but you will have to study a little on your own. Tests aren't bad if you have studied, but she doesn't curve. She also gives pop quizzes but also take home quizzes. She is very helpful though and cares about the students. Take!
Her test is kind of easy if you do homework...She is very nice.
n does not equal l. she has a bit of an accent, but you get used to it. she's very nice and works hard to make sure you understand. do the homework and memorize formulas and you'll do fine. formula sheet used on tests. lots of quizzes.
She is not that good but also not bad. you need to focuse in the class. Do HW and ask about it in the class.
She has some accent, but overall she is a good prof. If you do homeworks, you should pass the class very easy...
Gives pop quizzes, but you can use your notes and book on them. She's always happy to answer questions. Her English can be a bit off, but if you follow along in the book during class to make sure you understand the material, you should get an easy A.
Pam was very easy. As long as you read all the books you will do good. The papers are just your opinion on things from the book. You also have to do presentations but they are really easy. Pam doesn't act superior to you, but instead reaches you at a student level. She's funny too.
Pam is awsome! I had her at MCC. I learned so much from her. She uses a lot of humor. If you listen to lecture, and take notes you'll do fine in the class. Have fun...she's a great teacher!!!
the class was easy, and she taught it well, but something about her just rubbed me the wrong way
Great teacher, really helpful if you have questions and she is great at givin' real life examples to help you understand!
pam is awesome. super easy. some of the books are awful (avoid Zen if possible)...papers are an easy A...hope you enjoy talking in front of the class. very discussion orientated.
Fun professor who cares about the students actually learning something.
Pam's a sweet lady - you can tell she knows the topic well, is concerned about her students, and wants us to learn. Sometimes her humor is lacking, but once in a while she WILL crack you up.
she is crazy but i love her
*Great* teaching technique... influenced my choice of philosophy as a minor!!!
Very nice and keeps class interesting! Knows her stuff and teaches clearly!
Linear Alg and Abstract Alg professor. Always willing to explain concepts as many times as needed to help me. always helped on homework and study guides before exams. hard but fair grader. quirky like a math professor should be. favorite professor.
strange guy and a difficult grader but is very willing to help before exams. if you don't like calc or didn't do well in calc 141 don't take this class.
A Bit Strange, but willing to help if you need it, just ask.
Difficult to understand...but extremely helpful
Funny but completely off the syllabus lectures. Just study from the book, no need to show up for class. Lots of papers but they're usually graded well. Helpful if you go to his office hours regarding any papers/scores. Gives many extra credit opportunities!
Im a soc major so I don't really need to endlessly study to understand these basic soc concepts, but if you want to do well you're gonna want to buy the book. Test questions are mainly just big ideas and details from the book. Also, he made us retake the midterm because he didn't print out enough copies so he's kind of neurotic but I find it funny.
If you find sociology interesting, you will love this professor. If you don't like soc, still take this class because you only need to read the book to pass, his lectures aren't on the test. There are 4 easy papers and 2 tests. The only thing is he is strict and odd.
Gauss has really interesting lectures and the few papers you have to write in the semester are explained very clearly in those lectures. The midterm and final though are hard. They're based a lot less on the lectures and more on the (rarely used) textbook. Overall it's not an easy class but it's a very interesting class
Easiest class at San Diego State hands down. You can receive an A without going to class. You have to write a lot of essays but you can write about anything because his TA reads it not him. If you do go to class its mainly focused on videos about social issues. His humor is sort of cynical and crude but i find it funny.
Dr. Gauss was great! I rarely attended lecture, but when I did he always had something interesting to talk about. This is definitely one of those courses where you can get away with barely showing up to class. Midterm and final consist of questions from the book, so if you read a few chapters and study key terms you'll do fine. Highly recommend
Homework is for extra credit, so are reaction papers. Four papers and two tests are all the counts for grades. He makes the subject interesting, but he tends to forget what he is talking about. His tests don't always match what he teaches in class. Do the extra credit mindtap homework and you'll do well.
Gauss doesn't take attendance but I found his lectures entertaining and pretty much went anyways. Gauss is this old dude but he's pretty hilarious and you can tell he is passionate about sociology. There are a few papers you have to write but they only require minimum effort to get a decent score.
Gauss is a really cool professor. There are only 5 assignments and 2 tests, midterm and final. There are a lot of opportunities for extra credit, like watching a documentary and writing a page about it. And test answers come straight from the book
At first I thought this class was long an boring, but the lectures got more interesting as the semester went on. Gauss tells a lot of great stories during his lectures and he is really funny. The papers are easy and he gives out lots of extra credit, which is also easy. Study for the midterm and final too. I would love to take this class again.
Gauss is the man. If you're looking for a fun, interesting, and easy GE take his class. He's hilarious, attendance is not mandatory, and he often lets out class early. Not to mention there are only two tests and a few research papers.
Interesting lectures. There are 4 papers, a midterm, and a final. Endless extra credit opportunities (writing reaction papers on certain documentaries for 1 pt each). Overall, it was an interesting class and I'd recommend it.
Gauss definitely knows what he is talking about and kept me interested in the class. You have to write a few papers in this class but they are easy and some of them are fun! I would definitely recommend you take Gauss if you're going to take SOC 101
Super easy class! basically show up and pass he gives soooo many extra credit paper and theres only 2 tests total it's hard not to pass this class and the information is pretty common knowledge.
I loved Prof. Gauss' class, it was the only class were attendance was not mandatory but I was most excited for it. The assignments were super easy and he always changed the due dates to give us more time. There were tons of extra credit opportunities and I never even bought or looked inside the text book. 910 class ended early.
EASY. He's fun and easy going and is flexible when it comes to due dates with papers (as long as you have a proper reason). Lots of extra credit assignments available that i suggest you take advantage of. I didn't use the book at all. I just took notes and reviewed those and did well on the tests. Really cool and relaxed professor.
TAKE GAUSS FOR SOC 101! Attendance isn't mandatory but his lectures are hilarious and entertaining! Do not show up late because he will call you out in front of the class. All writing assignments are easy. Many extra credit opportunities. 2 tests (questions based on text book)
Professor Gauss is awesome. Doesn't teach much in lectures, but he is really interesting to listen to. 4 essays the whole semester, 2 tests. The essays are a piece of cake (takes 30 minutes max) and he doesn't really grade them, just gives everyone A's. The midterm and final killed me, be prepared to learn on your own. Overall, easy class!
He grades super easily. Four papers that are very simple. 2 exams based on the book although he doesn't go straight out of the book. Before the exam he'll post key terms to know for the test. Take him if you can!
VERY EASY CLASS ! He is funny and interesting !! just do NOT be late !
Tests are based on the textbook, but Gauss doesn't always go over that information. He talks about relevant information, such as statistics, but really, all you need is the book. Attendance not mandatory. Take him, just study the book.
Great Teacher!!! One of my favorite professors at State. Class not mandatory, but I had so much fun that I wanted to go to class. He tries to act hard, but he really has a soft spot and is an extremely helpful. Self admits he is an easy grader.
Great Teacher!!! One of my favorite professors at State. Class is not mandatory, but I had so much fun that I wanted to go to class. He tries to act hard, but he really has a soft spot and is an extremely helpful educator. Self admits he is an easy grader.
The tests are based completely on the book so read the chapters and memorize the vocab. I only went to class to turn in the papers and got an A easily. He is interesting but not always relevant to the class
Easy GE class. One midterm and a final, 4 essays scattered throughout the year. Interesting class overall though he would let us out after an hour even though it was a three hour class
A very great guy. Made SOC interesting. He also tells great stories.
I like him. Class discussions are very interesting. The only thing I don't like about taking his class was that he will not let you in if you're late by even one minute! If it's 8:01 and class starts at 8:00 he will say "sorry, too late" ugh I hate that!
I took him for 101 and 102 and i loved his class! I only went to class to turn in extra credit and papers. The midterm and final were all based out of the book and handbook. Just study that and you will do great! I recommend this class!
prof Gauss's lectures were pretty interesting and he can be funny. only 2 exams and they were EASY! gives a study guide with vocab words from the book and thats all you need to know. also have to write a few papers, but he's an easy grader. gives out a lot of extra credit opportunities. DO NOT show up late, he will kick you out.
I love this man! He's great!
CLASS WAS EASY. I LOVED IT, IT WAS VERY INTERESTING AND NOT HARD AT ALL. JUST MAKE SURE YOU TAKE NOTES ON HIS SLIDES, THEY ARE HELPFUL WHEN STUDYING THE TESTS. HE SAYS U DONT NEED THE BOOK, BUT YOU KINDA DO...IT HELPS ALOT. I DIDNT BUY THE BOOK BUT PASSED WITH A B. SO I RECOOMMEND BUYING IT IF YOU WANT AN A! HE IS FUNNY AND AWESOME!
Easiest class ever! You don't even need the textbook. Instead of buying the book, just spend about 12 dollars on making copies throughout the whole semester from the test file book at the library. Turn in your papers early so that you can get some feedback if you need to fix it.
Professor Gauss is an excellent professor. He is very clear and knowledgable on the subject. EASY class and easy A's on papers. Take him especially NIGHT CLASS since you get out early.
If you are interested in Sociology, he brings a lot of knowledge to the class. He's genuinely interested in the subject. Easy papers, tests are all from the book material so the class is easy to pass. He never makes you stay to the end if you're a night student. That's the best part :)
Great Professor, knows what he's talking about and is interested in it. Theres only 3 papers and 2 tests plus some easy one page write-ups on movies you watch in class. He gives some extra credit. Participate in class, he'll love it and it'll make it much more interesting!
EASY CLASS EVEN IF UR NOT INTERESTED IN SOCIOLOGY...LIKE THE TYPICALL GE IT IS JUST MEMORIZING...BUT THIS DONT REQUIRE TOO MUCH OF IT PLUS ITS INTERESTING...BUY THE BOOK TAKE OUT THE CD AND PUT THE BOOK BACK BECAUSE THE CD ALONE WILL GET U AN A. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
soo easy, take this class for an easy A
Gauss is a good teacher. Only 3 papers and two tests. All of the tests come directly from the book. Go to class, write three easy papers and your almost guranteed an A or B.
Great professor! This guy made my 8 AM class worth coming to. He gets you interested in the material and keeps you awake most of the time. All papers were easy, and the two tests weren't too bad either.
Gauss is an awesome professor. He makes his lectures interesting and is enthusiastic and informed. Doesn't make us do boring busy work. Makes you interested in the subject
TAKE GAUSS!!! He is so easy and understands his students. Only 3 papers and 2 tests. If you go to class and are time, you're garaunteed an A. I was only there half the time and got a B. He's not a prick about late papers either. I turned in a paper like a month late and he didn't grade me down for it being late. GREAT PROF!!!
Take this class!!!!! This teachers lectures are boring but it is worth it. The tests are easy and you only have 3 assignments. He grades really easy. Don't be late and you will be fine. Very nice and cares about his students. He shows interesting documentaries.
I just took my final today...EAsy proff..Just 3 papers and two exams..It was an Easy and interesting class
easy teacher, interesting class, makes weird whistling noises. very funny.
Easy grader. Only three papers that you write from experience. Make sure you go to class the days he lectures on the paper cuz his outlines for them don't make sense on their own. Tests are easy if you know vocab. Don't be late! He gets pissed.
Seriously, a GREAT teacher. When he first walked in I thought it might be a tough class, he looked kinda mean. But he is so funny and interesting. He has experience in his field too, which is great. I highly recommend this teacher!
Good teacher, take him! Easy grader, just wrote 3 papers- research, subculture, & stigma. Dont fall asleep in class..lmao. Funny teacher, great lectures in class. The final is the same format as the midterm. If yur gonna be late to class, make sure you go thru the 2nd door.Doesnt like to be disturb
DONT BE LATE HE WONT LET YOU IN. TEST ARE BASED ON VOCABULARY FROM THE BOOK YOU DONT NEED TO GO TO CLASS JUST LEARN THE VOCAB BE THERE FOR THE 3 PAPERS AND YOU WILL PASS. TEST ARE VERY EASY DONT BUY THE BOOK COPY THE VOCAB FROM SOMEONE ELSE!! WASTE OF MONEY
An okay professor, he does love those vests! i took the 700-940 class which was the only reason i wish the class was better. Tests are easy, mainly vocab. You earn your grade by writing two analytical papers, a couple response short essays and two exams. GO TO CLASS and DONT BE LATE, you'll be fine.
really cool...loves wearing vests...easy to relate to and understand his lectures...my favorite professor this semester! Lecture notes won't help much for mid-terms though.
Dont be late- if ur going to be jsut dont go. most interesting class ive ever taken. he is funny, knowledgable! tests are cake, papers are cake, take the class!!! its awesome, easy, and will interest the depths of ur little brains!!! =)
Highly recommend! Really knows his stuff. Tests are just vocabulary terms. Just review Study Guide(booklet thing). Three papers, real easy A's. If need to take him for 3hr class, no problem. Let's you out early. Nice, not boring.
a really easy class, small ass. every now and then, nothing that major, easy grader, don't really have to read...just DON'T be late, and laugh at his oh so corny jokes. I got an A, and didn't really go that often!
He is such a great teacher. I am still taking the class but I really like it alot. He is an easy paper grader and very funny and outgoing. My fave prof so far!!
Awesome teacher, makes his points very clear. He makes you think and want to go to class. Very funny guy. Tests and papers are easy if you apply yourself
If you want an enriching experience do not take this class. He is rather apathetic to the students. The class is far too easy. You do not have to go to class, and the essays are very simple. Take another teacher, because you should get more for your money
easy class... come to class take note, study notes for test. do ur paper, doesn't care abot grammar. easy teacher, lect might be a lil boring sometimes, he'll let you out 10-15min early sometimes
easy and interesting class, nice guy, dont buy book!!
Easy class and don't need to read the book, just study notes for tests
hard to sit through lectures, but tests were easy if you know the definitions
great teacher. He loves his work.:)
interesting course, great examples
Dr. Belus communicated a lot for an online class, which was great. I know this class was writing intensive, but I was not prepared for the amount of writing we would do. She really takes the writing seriously, but she is a very easy grader.
Professor Belus' online Literature and Culture class was really interesting. Easy to get an A if you do the work. Every week we read a book, did a discussion board about it, and took a short quiz. Grades are posted quickly. Readings are required to be able to respond to the discussion board prompts, but nothing is too hard and it's a fun class.
Online class. Used program "Second Life" which made me hate the class. Could have been simpler if she would have posted links to stuff on Moodle instead of making you go through the program. Program loads slow and is pointless. Won't take again for this reason!!!
A lot of people complain that she gives a lot of work. However, on the first day of class she warns everyone about this! Anyway, this was a fun class. As long as you do you work(reading assignments, written assignments etc) you can get an A.
Truly enjoys and knows the material she teaches and expects the best from her students ... although this class is not an easy A ... if you do the work your grade will reflect the amount of effort you put into it! I enjoyed having her as a teacher.
Mrs. Belus LOVES reading and writing. She's pretty funny, kinda off, but in a good way! Made it bearable to come to class on a Saturday(for 3 hours, ugh). More than fair when grading. Will review paper with you before you turn it in. Thought I was going to get a low C, so far I have an A. Just go to class and participate. Simple enough.
awesome professor
I loved her, sorry guys! She has such a passion for Children's Lit. She is a little cynical when it comes to writing papers, but just put time and effort into writing.
she is fun! i realized a few weeks in that there really isnt a need to take notes. the journal is dumb, but i just dont see the point. she really knows what she's talking about and has lots of fun with it. if you just want to learn and dont mind writing a few papers this class is great!!!!!!
Okay teacher. Disorganized at times but lots of fun.
She is different to say the least. She is odd about grading but over not bad
I like him a lot.
Dr. Marks is a excellent conductor of bands for any university. I am not going to lie, he is strict somewhat, mostly with attendance. The music can be fairly similar, but there will be at least one work per concert that requires much effort. I am an oboist, who will be transfering. He made this a difficult process for me.
Do not take this course whatever you do. It is the biggest waste of time because you already know everything he discusses if you paid attention at all in any music ed class.
He knows what he is talking about. Some people just never give him a chance. Very understanding and caring person.
Dr. Marks has a true knowledge for music. Although his music selection is not extremely varied (IE. You WILL play music by Percy Grainger). I recommend that you look past the arrogance of these other posts and recognize the true intellect that he has. He has the Doctorate Degree not the students.
He is an accomplished professor who really knows his stuff. He's very helpful to students who need it. Lastly he picks great music. Overall I believe he is good person to have as director of bands.
only bad thing is that he tends to not accept his own mistakes, other than that, a great teacher and person - just takes a person willing to listen and learn
Sucks all the fun out of music. WAY too serious to make anything fun. I used to like music/band until I took his class. Nice as a person, but he is too uptight for my taste.
Very professional! Really knows his stuff. Always there when I needed guidance. Enjoy being a student of his.
Good conductor -- selects enjoyable music to play
Cares deeply for students. Can go hysterical when calm should be in order.
Excellent band director - best I've ever had.
There are 4 time periods connected to 4 types of music, each having a test. Tests contain vocabulary and a listening section. If you go to class, take notes, study and listen to the examples outside of class, it's an easy A. He's super funny and his lectures and stories will never have the class completely silent.
Super funny guy. He's not afraid to call people out and/or public embarrass students. Doesn't take attendance but in order to pass you have to go. Tests are HARD. Write down everything he says, study the definitions, and listen to the songs. Your grade is made up of 4 tests and extra credit. Textbook is unnecessary.
Dr. Cloer is very heavy on his lectures and if you don't go to his class, you will probably fail. It was hard for me to get an A and I went to every class and took a lot of notes. There's nothing posted online; all of what are on the tests are from his lectures. There are only test grades and extra credit grades at the end, which I highly rec.
Cloer was an amazing teacher and he was very inspirational! He had lots of stories to tell and was very helpful with anything that you didn't understand. Cloer gave out extra credit worth about 10 points so I recommend taking his class. Tests are hard to get better than a B, so study a lot and take good notes in his class.
Good professor. Really knows his stuff. He has a lot to share, whether it be stories, or just information. lectures can be really interesting sometimes, but at the same time can be very long sometimes. Good class, probably my favorite this semester.
Lectures were pretty free-form. He knows his stuff and shares a lot of interesting stories. He canceled class about 3 times. Four tests, each count for 25% of your grade. If you're someone who doesn't usually take notes, be warned... Study material is what he says in class, and it's not written anywhere. Interesting, but tough. He's a cool guy.
He is a great professor! If you want to do well though you just have to go to class and take good notes. Buying the textbook wasn't required or you could buy any version of it. He also offers lots of extra credit!
Have you ever heard of a nice jerk? well that's exactly what he is. The class was super hard and everyone had c's and d's but the final was only 7 easy questions. Now everyone has b's and a's. He gives a lot of extra credit.
You know those restaurants where you go in and the servers make fun of you and whatnot, but the service itself is actually great? (i.e. Dick's Last Resort in MB, SC). Treat this class like that. He's going to insult you, albeit in good humor, but he's actually a helpful teacher. No work bar exams, but study and take extra credit (he offers A LOT).
The tests can be tricky if you don't read but they are very passable. As well he issues A LOT of extra credit. Enough to pull your grade a good ways. But, it's not all about the grades. He a fairly entertaining professor who conveys the material well and helps those who want help, albeit sarcastic help its still help.
Professor Cloer can be pretty intimidating, but he knows his information and he is a hilarious professor. Read the book and study the material the way he suggests and you'll pass. Not an easy A by any means, but passable.
Funniest class ever. Expect a lot of middle fingers. If you are easily offended keep your mouth shut. If you can take a joke, you will love this class. Listen to the music a lot before the tests. To get an A, you have to read the book in order to answer some rather obscure questions. Listen to the music.
Oh Cloer...he is so funny and always makes fun of his students (and wife)! His class is very enjoyable and he makes music appreciation interesting for those who don't have a lot of experience in it. Some of his tests are harder than they should be, but he makes up for it at the final.
Class reminded me of a game of charades; Cloer basically gives you the answers without actually giving the answers. I thought the material was interesting and his reviews the class before each test is right on point. He is very intimidating and very persistent about his viewpoints. Overall, good and easy class if you actually study!
4 grades, so you better attend exams because they cannot be made up. He will not let you inside the classroom once the test has begun.
LOVE HIM! He is hilarious, sarcastic, makes class fun. The tests are a little hard but he has extra credit and the final is literally a joke. Literally.
He really knows his stuff, but he is not your tipical teacher, he makes jokes, sometimes very dirty ones, he can be verry offensive and vulgar, it is apperantly he likes alcohol.
Great teacher. He has a really good sense of humor. He really tires to get you interested in the subject. He is very helpful to each student. Offers extra credit for the final. No homework. Uses the book and CDs a lot.
Dr.Cloer is a character.His class is not too hard,as he tries to make the class as easy as possible.He is vulgar but funny,and certainly knows what he is talking about.Good teacher!
I did music all my life so this is the easiest class I've had so far (but I still learned a whole load of new materials). I don't study until the night before (only for 1 hour) and I'm making an A+. You don't need your text books, all test materials are from lectures. He's hilarious, but if you're offended easily then don't take him.
This is NOT an easy A class. Having said that, Dr. Cloer is hilarious and keeps the class interesting. After taking this class, I've gained a greater acceptance and understanding of classical music. Attendance is not mandatory, but if you don't go, your grade will show it. The tests aren't difficult if you know the material, therefore: STUDY!!!
I loved this professor. He was hilarious, but if you are easily offended then you will not like him. You have to be willing to take a joke. The final exam was completely a joke. He gave the answers to us. You will gain an appreciation for classical music.
he's very funny. his regular tests are hard, but the final exam that he gave is pretty much a GIFT.
Dr. Cloer is a good professor. He knows what he's talking about. If you go to class, take good notes, and do the listening that is required you'll easily make an A. His tests aren't that bad. He makes the class interesting with his funny stories and jokes. I would definitely take his class again!
Professor Cloer was great, I definitely recommend his class. He's kind of a jerk (I mean that in the best possible way), and he makes you laugh. He knows his material very well too. The book is terrible, but if you come to class and do your listening, it's not that tough to make a B.
he is a great teacher. he likes to make jokes and make you laugh. he can make some pretty rude remarks but no one takes it seriously. he is really passionate about what he teachers. i would take him again. you barely use the book, just the CDs to listen to the songs. test are pretty straight forward and his review classes are really helpful
Mr. Cloer happens to be a very intelligent man. He is getting his Ph.D. from Columbia. Can't get any smarter than that. I found him more than fair, very impressed with how much information he has in his head. I never found him "hung over" or any such thing. He is a professional musician. (He and his wife)
Cloer is a bit... out there and open with his personal habits but he is a good and fair professor. He may be considered "rude" by certain students but I honestly believe he just truly enjoys teaching with no boundaries. He is funny and quite responsive to questions. I highly recommend!
Good Teacher. Gives practical information. I liked this class a lot.
Funny, funny guy! Class is easy and he makes it fun. Take good notes and listen to the CD's and you'll do good on his test. If you have to take music, I highly reccommend him.
Great teacher. Knows his subect very well. The best and most influential I've ever had. One of the best chellists in the world.
He's a good guy. I am not at all interested in music appreciation and came out of it with a B. The listening examples are annoying to have to keep repeating over and over to get, but other than that, the class is rather interesting and he keeps it entertaining. Take Cloer for LBST.
Prof Cloer's class was always pretty fun. Attendance is not required and if youre there at least 2/3 of the time and you pay attention youll do well. If you show up for the last test I gaurantee youll do well on it.
Did not give 100 on final. Does offer extra credit. Very boring class if not interested in classical music but good teacher. You can tell he enjoys it. Do not recommend taking this class only 1 night a week.
Anyone that has trouble with this class just does not put the little bit of time required to make a good grade. Don't believe what others say about him being hard to work with; I heard some pretty lame excuses from other students. Good class.
Easy class if you actually GO to it and pay attention. Don't buy the book, you don't need it if you take good notes. Teacher has great personality and also gave us ALL a 100 on the final exam. Up to 10 points on final grade ec available. TAKE HIS CLASS!
He is a good teacher and he knows his stuff. Class is boring but he Adds humor to makes it as interesting as possible, considering it is music appreciation. I recommend him. He is good.
Makes classical music as interesting as anyone can. Funny w/ dry humor. Reviews test material, but listen to CDs and pay attention in class. No role taken, but be there. Is strict on people talking in class, but is a cool teacher.
yea hes a good teacher you have to listen to the cds theres no way around it but theyre not that hard to comprehend.. do the extra credit assignment for 5 points on your final grade.. and people need to stop talking about his final cuz he could change
Tests are based on the notes that you take in class, and I felt that she was pretty clear & covered everything that was on the tests. Tries to get people involved, but it is hard in a class of 350. Don't talk or she will give you an evil stare & throw you out.
Shes a good teacher, unclear sometimes but you can make sense out of what shes saying by reviewing your notes. Go to class, the text book study guide does a lot of good for the tests. she kicks you out for talking hahaha
Grading is fair, study hard for exams. THe practice exams dont help.
Nice teacher. Very concerned about her students. Posts a lot of info. on the class conference and keeps the students updated. Her notes are excellent. I took Micro last semester with a guy, and she is 100 times better than him. If you attend all the classes, this class whould be a piece of cake. No homeworks, no assignments and no reading. Go to cl
Go to class and take notes and it's not too bad. I really liked the class and her.
She was great, she was actually interested in the subject and got so excited about it that you couldn't help but like it too
Zero tolerance for talking. Not very open to critisism. Grading is all multiple choice tests. Get an A on the first two tests and you don't have to take the third one (7/150 accomplished this).
She's a bit annoying in that she says "mkay" a lot, but she really wants you to do well and makes it very easy.
an effective teacher, a little too obsessed with economics though, she needs to get out more and have a few drinks
very nice and excited about the subject, but classes can drag on.
Professor Ruane's online class was the perfect format for me. He laid out all of the course material so students could move forward if they wanted to. The work-level is very low stress and attainable as long as you make time to read the textbook. There were only 5 homework assignments, which were simple and beneficial. Loved Sean's class.
Sean was really fun and interesting. He makes sure to give you clear examples. He is kind of scatter brained and sometimes does not cover everything that is on the exams, but overall an awesome teacher!
This is the second class I've taken w/ Sean-- great prof! No homework. Just lectures, sometimes shows boring movies, and gives study guides for exams. There are always short answer Q's but he usually tells you one, if not both, of what they are AND how he wants them answered. Pay attention and you'll pass easily.
I took Ruane for both Intro to Psych and Developmental Psychology. The classes are in a lecture format, which I usually don't care for, but he makes it fun. He is a funny and intelligent person, the exams are pretty challenging but he usually bumps up your grades at the end of the semester to the higher percentile. Highly recommend him!
class is great, way fun lectures and he really cares about the students
Best professor I've ever had. Not only does he love to teach, he genuinely cares about hhis students and does his best to not only make sure you understand the material, but also does his best to teach life lessons right along with it. Get him for your psych prof you won't regret it though be warned he may inspire a love of psychology in you!
Funny guy. keeps the class interesting and engaging. Exams aren't too hard, if you study and read the material. Classes are basically all lectures, so there's a lot of note taking involved. One group project,a few class hand outs and that's it.
Day In and Day Out Sean Ruane gives the class vital lectures on psychology. Listening to him will make your brain say "I knew that, but I was unaware of it" pretty weird but true.
Very entertaining and engaging. Got a 4.0 in the class. Sean was awesome and crystal clear. Take him for psych and no one else!
Very interesting teacher
Sean always has a sense of humor and makes his class fun and interesting. You will be laughing along with everyone else as you study psych. Just keep up with your notes, and you will do fine.
Great Teacher! Really funny, and had a fun class.
this classwas a BLAST and a half, no joke. Sean mad it fun, which, in turn, made it easier to learn the material. If you show up to class and study your notes and read the boo,, you'll pass no problem. He never gives out homework, so just study and keep up with chapters.
good teacher, hard exams. Must study notes
The hardest introduction to Psych teacher, but also the most interesting. Claims to be like a Psychic. Had a student cut a newspaper Article in half and then read the second half. Weird.
Knows his stuff. you have to show up. tells you whats on the test beforehand
He knows his stuff. Plus, he looks like Danny Bonnaduce!
He will make you work, he will challenge you. You will appreciate it all.
Wonderful professor and outstanding advisor! Happy retirement, Dr. Amante. His was the first class I had at UNCC and I thought I'd stepped off the edge into the deep end of the pool. But after finishing I had the confidence and the ability to tackle any class there! Kudos!
I took his class many years ago and regret that I did not give it what it deserved. He is an excellent professor and I was very fortunate to take one of his fascinating classes.
HE'S RETIRING!!! Need I say more?? I worked my butt off and all I can say is if I don't have atleast a B....well, we'll leave it at that!
plan to work hard! plan to revise, rewrite, and read; learned a lot from him
Excellent teacher -- but expect to work and receive criticism
This class should be writing intensive. Be prepared to do a TON of work.
One will learn a lot in his class, but be prepared to work very hard.
Really nice teacher! But as everyone else says: TOUGH GRADER + EXTREMELY HARD TESTS! So be prepared to study extra hard for this class if you take him.
Great professor. Uses examples to help understand, but the tests are hard. If you sit in the front you get extra points added to your final grade so it can be real helpful.
Best teacher I have had yet at UNCC! Make sure you read the book before each class. Very friendly, but tough grader. I learned so much from him!
Hes a nice guy and his tests aren't too bad but he GRADES THEM HARD. Go to class, read the bold words in the book. AND STUDY FOR THE TESTS
Easy class if you read the book. Mostly common sense. Best teacher for this class.
good professor i guess, tests might be easy if you understand the material. tests are tricky too, answers look too much alike. make sure you sit in the front 3 rows to get extra credit, but be prepared to read and be called on. i squeaked by with a C
good prof
Great stories. Sit in the first three rows. His tests are a little confusing but with little effort you can get a B.
Great professor!! Use the study guide it helps a lot.
Take detailed notes+sit up front=A
Good prof, good guy, funny, just read the book
Nice person, but can get very boring sometimes. Tests are not hard. I'd recommend reading the textbook (besides the PPTs) when preparing for the tests.
Prof makes exams tougher than they need to be, but I made a B without reading the chapters. Final is much easier than exams. Try to attend every class, quizzes are random but very easy. Try to talk to him so he knows you and you will be fine. Good guy.
I dont think he's biased at all. The class was easy (really boring), but you have to study. He's nice, but will call you out if you rarely show up to class, leave early or show up late, which i think is pretty fair. the students that cant stand him are the ones that never go to class and expect him to be cool with it.
Jernigan isn't a bad prof....just READ the book and pay attention to what he tells you to focus on before the test and you'll be fine
One of the best teachers at UNCC. He is funny and makes the class interesting. The slides can get a little boring but overall the tests come straight from the book. Defiantly should take him, I am taking his upper level class, that is how good of a teacher he is.
Good teacher. Hard exams. Willingness to help and answer questions.
easy but very boring
Enjoyable class. Great deal of reading. Sense of humor. Fantastic stories.
Hard teacher but interesting and fun. Learn alot. Study and do better.
Roughly 1 short assignment a week, very interactive with plenty of options for extra credit. Super passionate about his subject and cares a lot! Doesn't take to long to get a response back for emails. No exams! No textbooks! Very easy to pass if you show up and do the homework.
Prof. Joyce is very good at giving lectures, and I usually don't like history. You have weekly readings, but they usually do not take more than an hour and a half, if you stay focused on them. There are only 2 papers and no exams, and if you budget your time the papers are relatively easy. I highly recommend this professor if you don't love history
He only grades you on optional attendance, homework, and classwork. There are no tests or quizzes, and a few short essays. I've never paid attention in his class, just showed up for the points for attendance.
Two one-to-two-page papers per week on top of term paper research can get tedious, but it's necessary to learn the material. Lots of reading (5 books) and a number of movies to watch. Lectures can be long but rarely went the whole 75 minutes. Joyce is a really cool guy and will always help if you ask him, plus he's just interesting to talk to.
He was a great teacher. He gives the essays before the exams, so you know what to study for. His class made me decide to switch my major to history ed.
good class to take. if you show up to class and take decent notes there is no reason you shouldn't have at least a b.
Joyce gives you the questions that will be on the exams about a week before, which is very helpful. He's also a really good discussion leader.
Nice, fair grader. Doesnt teach. Sits back makes you read a lot and you have a paper due every week! Then in class you have to discuss your paper
Great! Lots of lecture, but he is very good at teaching it! FAIR grades/tests!!!
This class requires a lot of reading/studying if you want to do well on tests. Don't be afraid of bad reviews, I think these people just didn't want to put the work in behind the course. Always read chapters ahead of time, take good notes, and you can do well! Offers several extra credit opportunities, take advantage of these!
I took 5 tests this semester, which is a lot, but I barely passed with an A. She is probably the best professor for RMI.
Great professor that is more than willing to help, but her lectures are extremely boring and long. She uses slides with the lecture and it's literally her talking for the entire class period. The tests are online, but you have to use a lock down browser and they're tough. Attendance was mandatory too!
Prof is dry, however she tries her hardest to make things interesting. You must attend class it b/c is will not knw where you are at next class plus it can deter. if you get an A or a B. I got a "B"- shucks! Overall need books, need to study. She give you 2 attempts on test, not quizzes. Would take her again. Got any Q's ask the TA, very helpful !
The sweetest lady ever. But the material is DREADFUL. She tries her hardest to make the class interesting, but it's pretty much impossible.
Dr. Gaultney was a very nice teacher. She explained everything very well and was always open to you coming and meeting with her after class. The classes could get a little long because it was all off powerpoints but the tests were online so it was really easy to get a good grade
The material isn't the most exciting stuff, but she tries to make it as interesting as she can. There are lots of opportunities to improve your grade, you just have to do the work.
Good points: easy to talk to, gives extra credit, youll actually learn something, she wrote the lab manual. Not so good points: she wrote the lab manual! Lots of busy work, on top of your final paper. Tests are hard. Dont take this class with other hard classes in the same semester. Be prepared to work for every point you get.
Dr. Gaultney is very nice and willing to help you get the grade you want. You have to study for her tests well but she offers extra credit
Sweet lady. There is a lot of work but she warns you the first day. If you read you can do well in the class. Must attend labs, just don't fall behind. There are a lot of small papers but they are not hard and she is more willing to help you. And on the plus side you can email her the papers the day they are due by 5:00
very boring class, lectures straight from powerpoints by the text. tests: difficult. i wish i had taken cleveland for this course. didnt learn much in this one for lack of being able to pay attention, zzzzzzzzzzzzz.
just read the book. too longwinded
if you can get over the socks and meanness you will be glad you took the course
Good professor. Always has a good attitude. Enjoys teaching the information. However, you have to memorize the book in order to do well on the test. There is a project that can help your grade, but the study guides for the tests were ridiculous.
A very nice lady and makes class interesting. Her grading system is ridiculous and her test are too hard. You have to read the material
She is a fun teacher. Had a massage therapy day--Sometimes she can be a bit of a dork. Tests are not too bad but you need to read the book, which is long and boring.
Great teacher. She knows what she is talking about and keeps you interested. She has a no holds attitude and will help you whenever you ask. She dosent put up with BS and you can tell she loves teaching.
Professor bartos classes are fun and he makes the class fair and enjoyable. He is very clear in the set up- participation will be an important part of your grade and be sure to read the study guides for all quizzes and you should get an easy A or B.
If you know absolutely nothing about baseball, it might be a bit difficult because class consists a lot about baseball stats. His grading rubric is very clear and provided an outline for the whole semester on expect for every class period. As long as you read the chapters for the quizzes, attend class, and follow the rubric you'll do good!
Prof.Barto was clearly very passionate about the topic (baseball) but not the critical thinking aspect quite so much. Second unit is almost entirely stat-based so non-baseball fans may struggle. The final project is a presentation, and the final paper is a t-chart. Just go to class, read the chapters assigned, and take the quizzes. You'll be fine.
You have to be in class every single time and participate heavy. He takes off like 5 points for every absence after the first 2. This brought my grade down heavily. Some days are very boring, but you can do it. Follow all of his instructions very carefully. Helpful teacher and cool guy.
Loved him but hated his test. To me they were hard, memorize all your notes because not everything is covered in the jeporady games he puts. He does teach you a lot of cool games to teach your kids.
The tests were not easy. I recommend studying both the Jeopardy questions and reading the notes in the book. The other things you do in this course are fun and beneficial. Some of the games are boring. Overall, I enjoyed coming to this class. We never stayed past 4, and usually were out by 3-3:30.
Nice guy! He is so enthusiastic about teaching gym that you can't help but like him. Highly recommended!
pretty cool relaxed guy, good teacher, id recomend
She can be a little scatter brained, but she's very helpful and cares
Subject matter can be confusing. She gives better lectures w/out overhead.
Great professor! He helped me review my exams so I could see where I needed improvement. It's crucial that you pay attention in class since all he does is talk. He has these lecture outlines but you really need to go to class and listen. I recommend recording his lectures since his exams are made based on what he teaches in class.
Each class consists of lectures, also be ready to read!! Assignments from Pearson due every Saturday and they are pretty lengthy so do not try to cram the day it is due. 3 tests the whole semester (including the final), it is important to come to class but if you miss a day you also won't miss be doomed. He is passionate about abnormal psych!
Great guy and professor, just read and take notes and you'll be fine. Super nice guy, just serious about his subject matter with long lectures.
Not sure why he has hot ratings...but he is a great professor! Not the easiest, but definitely fair. Tests are most from notes, but does pull random things from the readings. Don't let his first talk about being "hard" fool you. He really is a good guy to learn from/get to know. Very interesting class. Highly recommended!
I really enjoyed his class. He's not overly friendly, rarely interacts with class other than giving the material. Tests are hard, take GOOD notes in class and at least look through the book. Picks random things to test on. Overall, good teacher. Be prepared to definitely study and you will do fine.
I loooooved him! He tries to make you think he's tough, but his class is really not that bad. Picks random fact from the book to put on tests, but mostly straight from lecture notes. Take him!
Mr. McAnulty is a good teacher. This class is hard, but if you come to class and take GOOD NOTES and READ THE BOOK you will do good. The subject is very interesting, but it is easy to fall behind because he goes very fast so make sure you keep up with the reading. Attendance is mandatory, but only taken spiratically. Good Luck :)
He is a great teacher! He is a busy man outside of the classroom and has great experience in abnormal psychology. He teaches mainly from the book but in a manner that is pretty interesting (bc the material is interesting) and he is such a nice guy. He likes to act tough but if you come to class ,take notes, and read..you'll do fine!
He prides himself on being a tough professor, but if you listen in his class and read the book it isn't that hard. He really knows his stuff and gives really good examples. Somedays you will hate him but other times you'll love him. READ THE BOOK. It's interesting so it isn't so bad.
He is difficult but the class is great. He is very interesting and a looker. Kinda helps you to pay attention?
His class is somewhat difficult but very interesting. He knows his stuff- has a private practice. Just study and show up to class you'll do fine.
Sexual Behavior class is VERY interesting, VERY funny and very entertaining. MY FAVORITE CLASS THIS SEMESTER!!! As long as you look at the book, you can pull a B.
took this summer session. i thought the class was straight forward, interesting, and fairly easy. i went to class, took notes, reviewed my notes about 1 hour before the test and made an A. he's a nice guy but seems a little stand offish one-to-one.
Dude, he's not THAT hard. Grow up and go to class and take good notes and you will do fine. I never read the book and made an A b/c I listened and took good notes.It's VERY interesting and he is a brilliant man. I learned a lot and would take him again.
Yeah so the tests are difficult, that is what college is all about - LEARNING. Dr. McAnulty is a brilliant man, and gives interesting examples. If you enjoy the subject, you will love his presentation. If you are a whiney freshman stay off thiswebsite!
great psych teacher!!
He is very interesting but no matter what you study you will still find the test very challenging. Dont take unless you need to.
Not a bad teacher. Big ego, but good teacher. Tests are fairly perpare well if you study regularly and read ahead a character or two. But not a hard class. Even is you study all the material in two days time before the test, you'ww get a decent grade.
He's okay, but I wouldn't take him for anything again, especially not during summer. Tests can cause a lot of self-doubt and second guessing; make sure to remember the numerical data...incidence, prevalence, etc.
Very difficult exams, but Dr. Mahon is an unreal professor. Best class at UMaine so far.
VERY easy UNVI101 class. She was very lenient with grades, just a little boring.
This class was brutal. I have never been so disconnected from a class. Didnt go for weeks at time, not because I was hungover or tired, but because I couldnt take the boredom. Its incredibly easy though.
She is obsessed with plagiarism. Her jokes are not funny, esp. at 8am. She is a fair grader and the class isnt that hard. She isnt that bad when I look back at the semester.
Helpful in a one on one basis but is an awful comedian and obseses about the stupidest things ever. If I where u id stay away
go to the writing centr, APA FORMAT!!!, never copy anything, very easy A
Great Lady.
only A I ever got in college
my favourite prof at mcgill! very helpful, really knows his stuff. i suggest this class to any econ major that wants to take a break from really mathematical and dry theory classes.
One of the best profs I've had at McGill. He is so smart, handsome, verry funny and witty, and everything he says in class is meaningful. For this class, I didn't even buy the book, but went to classes everyday and took good notes. Do this and you'll be fine!
Really nice guy, helpful if you go to see him, but he tends to go off on tangents in class and expects a lot of you for the final exam.
While lectures were not his strongest point, Grantham gave lots of time in office hours and really helped me improve my writing style. Really nice and helpful guy, with lots to say, just be sure to excuse yourself if you need to go.
very intersting but very hard material. be prepared to read marx's 750 pages Capital and write a essay on it in TWO WEEKS !!!!!!! one tip: read adam smith's wealth of nations during the summer (trust me u'll be glad u did...)
A turn on
Very Knowledgable, hates W
very knowledgeable, commited to his students
He knows his stuff inside and out. Also brings in history and poli sci
Professor McCall is a charming old man (late 80s) who's been doing philosophy for ages. I had him in a very small class (15 people) on a subject which he loves (Time). At this very personal level, he was extremely friendly. His marking is very fair if you show the slightest interest in his work. Take a class with him before he retires!
Phil of Law with Storrs was fun! The concepts were really interesting and there was barely any theory involved, just a lot of talk about real life examples and hypotheticals. The papers were interesting and marked fairly.
Storrs McCall is a fantastic professor, brilliant intellectual, and a great man. The class is very interesting and he has a way of engaging the class in discussion.
Most adorable old man ever - spent class wishing he was my grandfather and restraining myself from getting up and hugging him! It really is story time with Storrs. Take this class before he retires, but to be honest you might find the readings a bit confusing if philosophy isn't your cup of tea.
Storrs is a sweet, adorable, old man, but this class is VERY basic. It is actually quite boring. The readings are easy and he goes over them in detail. He isn't responsive to objections though...Michel-Antoine Xhignesse better be your TA! He's hilarious and EXTREMELY helpful- a stickler for structure, but actually goes over the material in depth.
Probably the most learned man I ever met at McGill - a pleasure to attend his class. He made philosophy interesting, but sometimes what he says can go way over my head. Take his course though, the final is easy if you study hard for it.
He is the JEWEL of McGill!!! If you are at McGill, and at least somewhat interested in Philosophy, seriously consider it. One of the very few profs at McGill that you actually sense fine wisdom without being intimidated. Lectures can be intense and papers can be difficult to grasp! (experience can be exponentially enhanced by choosing S/U option)
Very knowledgeable and an extremely good lecturer. If you want to take and intro class in philosophy, this should be it. All the main issues and philosophers are discussed (albeit only briefly).
Excellent. Doesn't use slides, doesn't use WebCT, doesn't appear to know what Minerva is but is all the better for it. Always informative and tells weird little stories that help keep you awake. As for those who feel he just undermined their points using semantics, I think he just didn't have time for all of the stupid ideas that came up.
i absoultey LOVE this man. 4 essays, one final. timothy budde runs great confrences and clarifies things alot, but marks pretty brutally. i recommend this course. S Mc C is a legend. He's just too cute
Amazingly quick witted and knowledgeable on all of the subject matter along with a vast knowledge of science. Could not imagine a prof who could teach the class better than him.
the cutie-wootiest little old man you've ever seen. the most difficlt part of this class is resisting the urge to run to the front of the room and cuddle him. knows his stuff and is good at explaining it, good conferences and not too much work
He's a pretty good professor but is unfortunately outshined by his TA Timothy Budde or as many like to call him... Timbo.
His lectures are a joy to attend. He is a funny, intelligent and well-spoken professor who actually includes students in the lecturing process. He's also absolutely adorable and will melt your heart! Plus, good grades are fairly easy to get, as the lectures are clear and the T.As (especially Timothy Budde) are very helpful. TAKE THIS CLASS!
Teaches with a passion. He's entertaining and explains things that should be complicated pretty clearly.
He is a true badass  the coolest guy you will ever meet. He's exactly waht you would imagine a philosophy preofessor to be: eccentric, witty, and at times random. He's totally sassy. Take one of his classes.
Storrs is a pleasure to have as an instructor teaching a thoroughly designed intro course to philosophy, and exuding a warm personality to boot.**- The TA I had is bloody AmAzInG, if you are capable of being challenged and want someone who is Truly on the ball, take Tim Budde. In all honesty he was more brilliant than any of my profs this semester.
Very cute old man. He's very good at explaining concepts, using many examples. However he's horrible at answering questions because he just dodges them. the marking is screwed up because the TAs mark so differently. the material is interesting enough but becomes tedious & boring. an unbelievably easy final.
The TA's grade your work so the prof has very little effect on how you do in the course except he is there to clarify your readings (which is good) and to look all cute (and give philosophical references to his Dog, Cinders). I personally find that the TA's are more clear when expanding on the topics but your papers may always get the same mark...
He's such an amazing prof...lectures are interesting...class is good, but TAs can make or break your grade...overall a good intro class
S Mc C ! Love him! He's such a cute little man...very nice prof, willing to help or discuss things with you. Grades depend on your TA.. but it's a pretty easy course if you go to the lectures. Final was a breeze, the papers are a bit annoying. Great class overall.
SMC is the man. I wish this man was my grandfather, he would never get boring. He knows his stuff very well, and teaches it clearly. His lectures essentially summarize the books, so don't even worry about reading. He is very funny, wait till he demonstrates free will.
Nicest dude ever
so sweet
Storrs is a good guy, his lectures can drag a bit though
Funny, smart, interesting. But tough final and too many papers!
his way of explaining concepts is to tell a story (usually a funny one) and you dont realise he's making a point until the end of the story, at which time you understand perfectly.
Storrs is the most inteligent and sarcastic prof i've ever had. Gives the most intersting lectures at McGill. His arrogance makes him so sexy. I adore him.
This guy is insanely brilliant. His logical and reason scare me. Funny too. His lectures are quite good but you for assignments you need to stay on your toes.
He's a senior, stuck in his ways so don't try to call him on it. But he gives the most fantastic lectures and is great to listen to. You won't be falling asleep in these classes.
Greatest man ever! Knows how to shoot down dumb asses who should keep their mouths shut and not ever talk again.
we want storrs to be our neighbour.
He's a really intresting and nice guy and he explains the books in a clear way.
She was a great professor. If you read the text book and look over the slides, you will do well in class. The things that were in her powerpoints WERE ON THE EXAM!!! The other people that said that they weren't were peobably too lazy to look over them. She used examples that made harder concepts easier to understand.
Her Class was a challenge for me. Very difficult and nit picky with the papers. Overall she was one of my favorite teachers. You have to work really hard to get the grade you want. But she is so nice and friendly and willing to help you if you need it. Very good teacher. Recommend to anyone!
class was very hard, but interesting. ridiculously hard for a 100 level class. tests us as if we were majoring in the subject
I went into this class thinking that it was going to be horrible because I heard she was really hard, but as long as you pay attention and actually go to the class it should be no problem at all to pass this course. All in all she was a great teacher.
TRUST ME!!! don't take her, she is difficult and plays games, on the syllabus for the exams she skipped out, and didnt put chapters on there that were on the exam, unless you like studying hardcore, dont do it.
Great Teacher, very dedicated. Had her for numerous classes in undergrad. Would definitely take her again.
I thought this class was pretty easy. Her lectures are pretty interesting. Be sure to take the sample tests that the book offers on the internet! She uses a lot of situation problems...like John and mary are in a fight, when mary hits john she is showing signs of *blank*. If you can handle that you'll do fine!
Good Course. It's tough but if you work at it you'll be fine.
I was always very interested in her lectures and enjoyed class. She is an excellent public speaker and very intelligent. Her tests are NOT easy.
Great teacher
she started with talk about the paper being hard and blah blah. but really i dont think she graded that hard at all. i felt her directions were vauge at times though and was frustrating when doing some assignments. but everythign i ended up doing was fine, meaning she isnt strict w/ grading.& what is going to be on the exams she makes very obvious.
Pretty clear on what will be on the tests. She just only takes a few topics from each chapter and goes in depth with them. the tests are just m.c. you have to really thing about. essays were easy. she isnt completely clear on details for the papers until the class before its due. i hate that.
She is a very intelligent professor, but expects you to be just as smart. The class is tough but study hard and you will do alright. 4 tests that all weigh equally, and she doesn't give any extra credit.
This was possibly the most interesting class I've taken at OU. She grades fairly and tries to make this class passable. Go to class, read the book.
This is a great professor. She is very educated in psychology and she loves to teach. The class is generally easy. There is a lot of information but most of it is common sense stuff. Her notes are good, and if you study and attend class it is an easy A.
I thought she was a good professor. She wasnt too hard, but she did expect a lot. If you listen to her and go over the notes you should be fine. I took her class in the spring and without really studying I got an A, you just have to pay attention in class.
This class isn't an easy class because there is so much information you need to know.Likes to talk about her family and go off on tangents about things. First test very easy but dont let that fool you. The rest you NEED to know the information from all the sections. If you apply yourself you will do well in this clas. Use CD that came with book.
Eberly really is a nice person (don't believe what u have heard in the past). But, she is a tough instructor. She is REALLY big on application questions....so u HAVE TO KNOW WHAT U ARE TALKING ABOUT. This is good b/c it prepares u :) She is also willing to help diligent students!
Dont take this class if you are lazy. If you do the work and go to class, you wil do fine. If don't really want to learn, what the hell are you doing in college any ways. Well organized but covers a lot of material.
Dr. Eberly is a wonnderfulmperson and professor and she is good at what she does. For the people that said she was difficult maybe you should study a little more. She is a very good professor.
Excellent professor; a lot of hard work and essays and research papers!!
She is fun and energetic, & actually knows what she teaches. Her exams are all essay, & take a long time, but she grades fairly. I did good in the class, but had to study a lot for the exams. She is approachable and friendly. Good prof, take her class.
You will learn alot, but it is only because you need to know every page of BOTH text books, like the back of your hand. ALL essay question exams, and are graded very hard, for no reason. I would not recommend to normal students, but great for the nerds.
Difficult class, but very approachable outside of class, and is genuinely concerned with the success of her students.
cool teacher READ THE BOOK
a babe, so much so i couldn't concentrate
Decently easy class. Very nice, iinteresting lectures.
I think Prof. Feurzeig is very knowledgeable about the topic she teaches. She is very good at explaining material in detail, and if something is confusing, she encourages questions. The work is pretty difficult; you have to memorize a lot of stuff for the exams, but it's a matter of how you prepare for them is how you do well in the course.
I was going through a really tough time at home and she was willing to work with me to get my assignments in on time. Was so easy to work with and so nice. If I missed an assignment she would immediately contact me to ask if I needed help with it. She was so caring and loving to her students.
If you expect an easy A, do not take Dr. Feurzeig. But if you are willing to work hard, do the readings, and bring your own ideas to discussions and to your writing, you will love her. She is immensely intelligent, and is always willing to help if you seek her out. She is also a very kind and thoughtful person, and an inspiring person to be around.
I didn't like Dr. Feurzeig for my freshman music lit classes. Boy did I misjudge her. She and the rest of the faculty really make a statement in those freshman level courses to weed out the ones who don't want to be there. By the time I took 305, she was funny, helpful, and much more open to our ideas. A really first rate instructor. Thanks!
She talks a lot about German and Austrian music (considering I'm in a European Civ class, it makes sense), and sometimes goes into too much detail for the level of class I am in. Make sure to listen to the music prior to class, although oftentimes you will hear it again there. Make sure you have a basic knowledge of tone and rhythm.
Dr Feurzig is one of the nicest professors at GV. Class may seem boring, but it's really very intersting and she teaches a lot of info that you can't find in the book, which is a lot more interesting that the book. Doesn't focus on tiny details & definitions, but rather on the impact of things as a whole. Don't be afraid, it is worthwhile class.
Dr. Feurzeig may be a little out there and her classes are all hard, but she has a wonderful enthusiasm to help her students, you just need to be willing to come to her office (its not that scary).
Nice, helpful, picky, yet fair. Watch out for the outfits!!! But take the class
Very willing to help, and intelligent. Students who want to learn, will.
I thought she had a lot of insight and knowledge of music
She is a very sweet professor who is looking out for the best in everyone and always wants to help if she can. Sometimes, it does feel like we are treated as if we aren't in college, but these introductory music classes also have that sense to begin with. She provides a lot of help and gives a lot of feedback on quizzes. She is a great professor!
Super cute. A tough class. She makes it fun though. Just show up and practice, you'll be fine.
Very friendly and always smiling. Teaches well, even for beginners
I'm really surprised Manning has bad reviews. Overall, the class is definitely not that bad. Nothing spectacular or incredibly interesting, but definitely not bad. She made herself available when i had questions about an assignment and gives you study guides for each test. She gives you points just for answering the clicker questions. Its not bad.
Pay attention and go to class and the material is not that hard. Prof is not the most dynamic spoeaker but is available after class. Does the best with some boring material.....
SOCY 4130: The class has 2-3 papers and a group project (or individual paper if approved) as the final (no tests). To do well on the papers you 100% need to have read and understood the book/textbook that the assignment is on. Work very hard on your papers and you will be fine. There are in class assignments that count for participation points.
This professor was incredibly nice and her class was really easy. I think all general education classes should be this easy since you are made to take them. You have to come to class for participation points and the final exam (an in-class essay) is optional.
no tests, just essays (but very easy ones).. never stayed the whole time and watched a lot of movies. boring, but an easy A.
Very nice professor. She's willing to help her students learn. Strongly recommended from SOCY Dept.
Great teacher, I would take her again
Reading material is hard, but she is good at explaining and bringing it down to an understandable level. Graded on in class writings and 3 long essay questions. Good professor, hard class material.
This class is so easy!! No tests, finall but it's open book. Just go to class and will get an A. Would take her again!!!
he is one of the best teachers I have had in my entire college career. Make sure you record the lectures so you can go over them. I liked how he referenced the slides to where they were in the book. However, the book was horrible and was all over the place. When you have questions he will always answer them through email
I took this class for an extra credit to graduate, but he made it very interesting for me, and now I'm considering a career in it! While he might be hard in other classes, he seems laid back in this one. Your grade is based only on a presentation, paper& final, so do well on those assignments, go to class and participate and you're set!
Idk wat everyone is b**chin about, prob wimpy bio majors. GO to class, write down everything he says on the slides, memorize the slides and the corresponding parts in the book by heart before exams, and you'll be good to go. Go to help sessions. Not a bad class at all
Sounds like he's an ass in other courses, but in this one he was pretty low-key. Brought food to class a lot. Grade consists of three assignments that you NEED to do well on (presentation, report, final). If you take non honors he will drop the lowest grade. Def. a good class to take and an easy B
Great guy, hard material but interesting... know details!!
alot of material.. good class, 55 or so is a C, possible to do well
Very knowledgeable professor with an interesting class. Only grades are 2 1000 word papers and 1 twelve-page term paper, but he's not an overly tough grader. Main downside is that he can be very condescending at times to students who ask questions, but he is a good lecturer and willing to explain through confusion. His tone just...could be better.
Long lectures
Dr. Matthee is arguably one of the most knowledgable professors at UD which can be intimidating at times especially if you have no prior knowledge of the Middle East. However, he is extremely accessible for help and is open to questions during lectures. 4-5 total papers make up the course. Would definitely take again.
Professor Matthee is a sweet man, but his lectures are a little disorganized and not entirely chronological. Prior knowledge of middle eastern history is helpful, but not necessary. He is always willing to clarify and super passionate about the subject. Only grades are papers, which are leniently graded as long as he can see that you tried.
This a great class to take if you just need an easy breadth. I'm personally very interested in Islamic history but lectures become boring if you're not. There are very few grades 2 1,000 c. midterms, one 3,000 c. term paper, and a 1,000 c. final. Prof. Matthee is a lenient grader as long as you follow his writing criteria.
His 1st semester at UMD. Very interesting if you like the subject. Easy take home mid-term. Take really detailed notes, bc he lets you use for mid-term. Attendance not enforced, but worth while. Expectations for papers not always clear, but if you ask he'll clarify. If you put any effort to attend class and do readings, you should get guaranteed A.
Matthee is a great professor if you want to take the class. He loves the material so much that you become interested by the end. The 12-page research paper isn't bad at all - you can basically write it on anything. Not that hard of a grader either, as long as you know how to put a sentence together.
Really great teacher, knows everything about Islam and its obvious that he loves the material. Can be a bit dry at times but is overall very interesting and if you take notes in class the takehome tests are easy
Incredibly knowledgeable about the Middle East. Its all good information, but its presented very quickly and you'll take a lot of notes. Gets boring sometimes, but not if you like the subject.
I loved the content. His handwriting is sometimes hard to read. You have to be able to take fast notes and you need to pay attention. The books he gives you are alright. He throws alot of names places and dates at you which all seemed to be important. I didnt do the reading but did fairly well on the essays which took awhile to figure out.
Absolutely fascinating class. He's very absentminded, lost two of my papers but didn't blame me at all. He doesn't connect with his students, which was my only problem. Lectures can sometimes be boring, but the amount of information he gives is phenomenal. Completely opened my eyes about the Middle East. Final is open note/textbook.
RUDI IS THE MAN!
no comment i could make can possibly do justice do how brilliant this professor truly is. he knows a lot, is very helpful, and has real world experience too. Definitely a great guy to take a class with
Okay yeah he can b boring and u can switch entire cultures and centuries in 5 mins. But thats just bc he is a genius and has read so much. Beneath the muddled exterior lies a man of amazing intellect who speaks like 20 languages and he is really, really nice and helpful. Take a class with him because you are bound to get more out of it than u think
Good, fair class that you don't have to attend.
Take good notes and go to his office hours.. this brillant man wont let you fail.. the take home are fair and so is grading - just dont plagerize - he has read every :)
A man of great intellect and expertise in his subject field. He is very unbiased and tries to make sure you understand the concepts more than the hard facts. Take home exams are easy and discussion helped a lot as well. Too good for this university in my opinion.
Easy, interesting class, You don't have to read because the final is open book and the midterms are take-home essays. Just take good notes in class
Grades challengingly. But is a nice guy and knows very much
Good professor, tries to challenge you with grading
Very organized. Very intelligent. Class is not boring if intersted in subject
Such an amazing professor, I'm so glad I took a class with him. He's a great man and apart from being a wellness instructor..there is so much more to learn from him. He's funny, real, and friendly. He also takes his time to get to know every single one of his students and he cares for them. He makes the class feel like a family. Take him!
no matter your workout background or level, he will push you hard. He is a nationally recognized instructor, but he'll never admit it because he's so humble. Wells knows his stuff and should try out for the WWE. Fun class
Prof. Grant is incredibly smart- he is still very active in education & has impressive history in education. He is entertaining, calls on ya cold, provides feedback, gives opportunity to fix work. His feedback seems a bit picky down to simple word choice, but switch it around and get a new grade. He is easy to approach, gives specific advice. Take!
Dr. Grant is one of the most knowledgeable teachers/profs I have ever met! He has a solid passion for what he has done and what he is currently doing. He is willing to help in whatever way possible and is easy to talk to. He provides great feedback on assignments and gives you a chance to make corrections for a better grade.
she knows her stuff. I would take her again but shes not at UNCC anymore I dont think
nice but has very strong opinions that she pushes on others. If you are republican and Catholic she will love you. Overall, I have learned a lot in every class I have taken with her.
Great lady, is helpful and knows what she is talking about. You must study for the tests and actually go to class. She likes when you participate in lectures.
Mrs. Beeman is an excellent professor. She teaches some from the book(yes, you are expected to read), but mostly from her own knowledge and experience. She is a very passionate professor and you will learn a ton to help you in the "real world". Be prepared to have essay style tests for this class; however, they aren't difficult.
Very hard exams,the 20pg. paper due at the end of the semester is a killer. W/ all that said-she's a kind woman who will try to help you as much as possible. She expects alot out of you. At the same time she treats you like a professional. My honest option if your looking for an easy A don't take the class. If your looking for a good professor, A+.
She is a caring lady who is very interested in seeing her stundents suceed.
great professor
She is a great teacher. Very hard and must keep up with the material but you will learn something in this class. If you want an easy A don't take this class. A semester long paper... 25 pages. Good luck if you take her!
She is tough and a bit intimidating, but she cares about her students if they show that they care. Go to class, stay awake, and don't try to argue with her, because you won't win. She is extremely opinionated. But all in all, she is a good prof that expects the best out of you.
Great human being, and awesome teacher. Very clear on what she wants. If you take one class your entire life, take her ethics class! God bless you Mrs. Beeman, thank you soo much!
Great teacher
Loved taking her class....Makes you want to learn...and makes you think....Would take her for every class if I could
Great teacher. Makes you work and learn which most people dont like but I think she was wonderful.
very good professor take good notes and go to class then u should do well in her class over all she is great
Oh my gosh, you might have to actually work for an A!?!?!?!? In
SHE IS A GREAT TEACHER AND SHE IS REALLY AN EDUCATOR. TK HER IF U WANT TO B EDU.
i liked her. come to class, take notes and tests are easy. fair lady!
Going to class is a must to pass. Tests are difficult. Read the text.
very easy to talk to, learned a lot in class
For a small town college a lot of people do not realise that Prof. Al Saji is huge asset. Sure he might be hard to understand but if your listening there is no problem. He knows more about econ than any other professor at MCC. So why settle for less. Take his class, he makes it interesting and with a little work an A is very achievable.
Very helpful and serious teacher. Just be serious and ready to learn and he will be there to help you in case of problem.
He's a good guy. He expects his students to know the material. If you're having trouble he will work with you until you get it. It can be hard to see but I think he is really very passionate about teaching, and he takes it serious. So don't joke around when he is in "teacher" mode becuase he wont be kind to you.
Professor Al Saji was a good teacher. He expects a lot from his students, so students that aren't up to a challenge go take another teacher. To everyone else don't stereotype him, that's just being naive.
I REALLY ENJOYED AND LEARNED A LOT FROM THIS CLASS AND DR AL SAJI
Great professor. Get over the accent he actually speaks good English. If you read the book and participate you will do really well in his class.
was hard at first, but i really started to like him after a few weeks of having him. i even went back for 102
Great class, I learned a lot. It took a while to get used to his style of teaching, but if you put in the work and make an effort you will be successful in his class.
hard but worth it. great teacher
I wouldn't recommend taking the class online, but if you do he will let you sit in on his class any time you want. That is what helped me. He is fair, helpful and seriously thorough. His tests are insane, the final was 21 pages long and took three hours and ten minutes. Chapter 7 test took 2 hours 40 minutes. Just ridiculous for a 101 course.
Really nice guy. Makes little jokes. I rly liked him he was very thorough and helpful. you are given a list of hw assignments in syllabus so you can work ahead if you need to. easy class. easy tests
One of the best teachers I have ever had. I heard much complaining about Mr. Swisher before, during and after I took his class by young, ungrateful students. It is all false. Mr. Swisher is a thorough, easy to get along with teacher. The accounting is difficult not the teacher. I would recommend him.
Easy class. Great teacher. He tells you exactly what he expects, and there is no reason you couldn't get an A in this class. My only criticism is that there is too much time spent over doing the homework, and not enough time actually teaching it. As long as you attempt the homework, you can easily pass this class
First of all, the picture is outdated by about 18 years. I took 101 and 102 and I can say that having the class first thing in the morning, it just didn't start my day off well. WAY to much hw (every night); tests also never seemed to go well for me. Class consists of going over hw and sometimes a problem or an explaination...Or a random story.
Larry is helpful when you ask. he thinks people understand accounting. If you ask he is very helpful
Do not take him for an on-line class. He is the worst on-line teacher I have ever had. I heard that he was very good in the class room. He answered questions quickly and effectivity, but there was no interaction on-line. You read your chapter, did your homework and quiz and took you test at the test
I took both intro Acct courses with Swisher, and transferred to a 4 year school as an Acct major. He does prepare you well for Intermediate classes, no matter if you enjoy his teaching style or not.
she was a grat teacher. I had her for the online humanities and i loved it. she was willing to help at all times and she always checked her emails. There is quite abit of homework but if you just do it you will end up with a good grade.
Dr. Spataro is very intelligence, easy to approach, and fun to listen to. His selection of films for this class was outstanding. Great instructor, I would take one of his classes again.
Dr. Spataro is amazing!!! There is no homework, just a few journals (that are due on exam day), and quizzes after each section. Be sure to go to class tho because all he does is lecture. He is really funny though and keeps your attention!
By the end of the semester, his was the only class I enjoyed. If you do not like lecture courses, you will not do well, but Dr. Spataro is interesting and easy to listen to, and also quite funny. I enjoyed myself immensely.
He is a very intelligent man and a good teacher. Most of the class is lecture, but hes interesting and fun to listen to. If you dont miss class and you take good notes its easy. Nice guy who knows what he is talking about.
I really like him...he's very good at what he does (and quite funny)
Dr. Spataro is a great professor! If you take good notes, listen, and come to class you can pass his class!
I really Injoyed his classes. He Makes you think about other stuff then just the apparent
Very knowledgeable about subject. Made it interesting. Had fun!
Cool guy, very fun to listen to. He lectures a lot though, take notes but worry more on what he is saying because if you concentrate on what he is saying you wont need notes. Its pretty easy to remember the stuff for the tests because its interesting. I recommend this prof for anyone who wants to learn from a great teacher!
Very friendly
i was scared about taking his class after reading previous comments, but i loved it. his tests focus mainly on his lectures, but because he made class so interesting, it was really easy to remember the information. great class.
His tests are always mainly on the stuff he says in class. If you listen and take good notes you will be ok in his class.
Excellent teacher. Didn't like him at first, thought he was arrogant. He IS arrogant, so if you can't cope with that, I suggest avoiding him. He's also incredibly intelligent, funny and passionate about what he's teaching. Encourages participation.
Prepare to be insulted. He speaks as though we are ignorant of EVERYTHING. His test questions are designed to see if you were paying attention, and don't so much cover lecture material. Don't bother buying the book. He is very arrogant and opinionated.
defintely knows what he is talking about... very easy class if you pay attention and attend all lectures
He was very easy. He taught religion in a way that it was hard to tell what he believed in. If you take good notes and read the chapters you will do good. Feel free to bring a tape recorder to class and tape his lectures, it helps.
I thought he was a great guy. I diasgreed with his view of religion but other than that I found him to be very humorous and down to earth. Adn he's sexy for 66!
Great teacher with great values. Extremely funny & a pleasure to listen to. Easy class. Just read the chapters & take good notes and you'll do fine.
He's a good prof who makes you earn your grade, sorry all whiney people
Great teacher, learned a lot!
Makes the class easy and fun, willing to help outside of class
Tests repeat themselves making them easy. Loves to talk fast!
Really tough teacher, difficult homework and projects. He's very clear about how he wants things done, and if you don't do them his way, you lose a good amount of credit. Gave us extra credit oppertunities and overall I found him very fair and some what understadning. No exams. Do not take a class with this guy if you are even a little bit lazy.
Interesting class... pay attention, take the notes and re-copy your notes... very time consuming class, but if you take the time you will get a lot out of this class... book is not needed if you pay attention
Clearly world expert in his field, especially in Gandhi philosophy. But can be quite monotone and dry during discussion. Must come to class with critical questions and points. Particular in what is given in midterm. Very very pro-Gandhi. Hard to ever get a negative or critical view of Gandhi. But as an expert, can obviously back up and justify.
Allen is the best philosophy professor I have had so far. Keeps it interesting and is a funny guy. plus his beard is good
This is one of the best professors I've ever had the pleasure of having. He's easy going and highly interested in the subject matter. Although his passionate about teaching he gives a relaxed atmosphere that allows open thinking for his students.
Allen's not preaching any political view more than the next guy (i.e. a scientist teaching 'hard objective science' is in fact teaching a very specific world view: that of science (a euro-centric view). Allen simply teaches other world views and with a great attitude. We could all use a bit more of these other views.
She basically said beginning of class what to expect. Her classes was very lecture driven, book reviews were our essays and only had a take home final. If you should interest and are not on your phone the entire class you should be fine
An extremely difficult course because of subject matter, Formal Logic. Fits a lot of material into one semester. Textbook ESSENTIAL - assigned problems like a math class every night. Tests very difficult, but generous with partial credit for attempting the problem. Genius professor, but not always aware of students' struggle with material.
Great professor! One pop quiz on assigned reading per week (5 questions) so read! But not a heavy reading amount. Really cares about material and students, very nice. Clearly knows a lot! Very helpful with questions. Good at conveying themes. Bi-weekly papers on material answering important questions. Review for final. Would def take again!
Students teach each other and he facilitates. Very knowledgeable and involved. Does everything possible to involve students. Be prepared to talk / present in front of the class. I would recommend this class to others.
So I took this for May term, PHI 103, online. The professor was nice and VERY helpful. Let me say this- if I did not reach out to him, I probably would not have passed this class. The class has a lot of work...A LOT. Probably would be ok if it was a regular semester. The readings are very tough as well. Be prepared to manage your time.
Michael Howard has been my favorite professor for the entirety of my college career. His lectures never fail to manifest his genius. He pushes you to deeply contemplate ideas until you arrive at a clear understanding, and pushes you to participate in discussion because of how articulating ideas practices understanding. Also, extremely kind!
Michael Howard is a great professor at Umaine.I've had him for three courses and all have been worthwhile. The classes are not a cakewalk though, so you have to do at least some of the reading/homework to succeed. He is always reasonable during class discussions and is able to help clarify most questions. I would highly recommend him a a professor.
Very nice man and excellent teacher. He will go out of his way to help students. I dropped his class halfway through but only because it was difficult. It is not his fault that formal logic is extremely hard to learn.
Professor Howard is my favorite professor on campus. He does come across somewhat dry in his lecture classes, but courses like 344 that are more discussion-oriented really allow his knowledge to show. Always helpful and never rude to students.
I like professor Howard, if you have questions in class he takes the time to clarify... where some teachers breeze by, or just dont take questions. A+ in friendliness as well!
Nice guy and encourages class discussion. Too bad he's a Marxist.
(and soc 499) Professor Cohn (contrary to what some have already said) is the most incredible professor I have had the honor to learn from. He expects a lot from you and you have to attend class to get a good grade. Cohn will make sure you succeed regardless, if he knows your heart is in it. I learned so much from him, I leave his classes having a
A lot of students -- or at least the ones in my class -- think he's like Darth Vader in disguise. Aside from the apparent turtleneck obsession, however, Professor Cohn is fantastic and very nice. He's helpful and leads a good class discussion. Grading and workload are both heavy, but it's worth it.
He has some weird outfits & does weird things with his hands, but hes a good teacher. He expects you to memorize everything that comes out of his mouth. A lot of memorization but atleast hes clear and tells you exactly what he wants you to know. Required to take the class but good luck to all the rest of soc majors..its a hard class. You will learn
He was nice and pretty interesting.
Made me feel extremely uncomfortable at times, but a nice guy.
extremely intelligent and interesting; great class!
fantastic man, with a lot to say. honors with cohn was the BEST thing this year.
He certainly knows what he's talking about, and makes you think aboutthematerial
Dr. Martindale is an interesting and probably misunderstood sort. His class was interesting, although I suspect teaching is not his first passion. By any measure, he is one of the best psychology has to offer.
He chain smokes in his office, there are no windows in his office. He doens't like teaching, he only does it because he likes to do experiments and research, good professor though. Smart guy.
UMs best. Difficult course, but he is fair, funny, and helpful.
one of the smartest people I ever met and you CAN understand him if you TRY
He definitely makes you work for your grade, that's for certain. Be ready for DETAILS. Many students find that his class is the wake-up call that this isn't high school anymore. However, if by the end of the semester you still aren't prepared for his tests, you have only yourself to blame.
Hard class, but definitely doable if you're willing to work hard. Simple principle: you study well, you do well.
He is a great guy, but an extremely tough professor. You are expected to know everything for his exams! If you have a photogenic memory or have a great memory then you will be fine. But if you are like me then the only way to get a B is to study from day 1 and learn and study everyday. Go over notes as much as possible.
Tape record his lectures, write down the notes carefully, and memorize them for the exam. He also has reading assignments from the textbook that are on the exam, but you can get those from an upperclassmen.
If you study hard, you'll be fine. Exams are straight from the notes. Don't cram the night before, because that doesn't help, especially in 2nd semester.
hes cool
Professor Smith is one of the greatest teachers ever! he is so cute and he tells really funny jokes. you do have to work in this class and you will spend a lot of time studying,but overall you learn alot. bottom line - don't be lazy.
Hard class but then again microbiology is a hard subject. As long as you study and memorize you should be fine. Also very helpful if you have questions, he always has time for his students. Whats really cool is he posts grades online in a matter of hours after taking the exam. Overall Smith is one of the best teachers at this school
mr. smith is cool, he reminds me of hunter s. thompson. he pushes his students pretty hard too.
yea he's all cute and cuddly in class, which he makes really intersting and fun with his stories...but taking his tests will make u feel violated unless u STUDY UR BUTT OFF! good luck, overall i think hes better than other teachers I've had!
A great teacher. Exams are hard, but I think that's the nature of Micro - there's a lot of very important information to learn.
Mr. Smith is great and organized when it comes to lecture he tests a little on the hard side. But if you can stay awake and focused in his class you should do fine.
so cute! lol.. one of USP's best really. for a B- know ur notes forward.. for an A- know them forward and backward. Not easy A but def. a cool class.
wow. he tries to pretend he's nice.. but wait for those tests!
Professor Manbeck is a great teacher. you'll really learn a lot from his class and he occasionally makes you laugh. He tells you when quizes are so make sure you study for them and remeber details. not a very hard grader but not an easy A. in his essays he likes a lot of references to the readings so make sure you do them and take notes =)
entertaining
Discussions are great, quizzes are easy, exams require a lot of thought.
Dr. Mostrom is a soft-spoken biology nerd. She loves what she does and has an efficient teaching style. She provides students with the power point presentation that she lectures on and hosts Kahoots during lectures to reinforce the ideas being taught. As long as you can understand the concept of the material, you'll be okay
I took Mostrom for Biology 104. If you go to class and study the powerpoints, you will get an A.(it helps if you are good at memorizing) Compared to the other Biology teacher, Zambito, her exams are much easier. However, I felt like I learned more in Zambito's class. If you want to learn but get a B+, take Zambito. If you want the A, take Mostrom!
Had her for Gen Bio 1 & 2. Great professor, tests are hard. Tests are all lecture notes
She's silly and nice. Genuinely passionate about her subject. She is reasonable and fair. Don't buy the textbook. Memorize the notes. Tries to make class more hands-on, which is a definite plus. I'd recommend.
The class was pretty easy. Just study her backtests, her notes, and the textbook some, and you'll get an A, as long as you work for it. There are some difficult question on her tests though, and sometimes the questions are vague and ambiguous. But if you know the material, you can figure them out.
Tests come straight from the notes, although it is helpful to read the book as well to get a better understanding of the material. However, she included bio lab material on the exam which were the questions many people get wrong, and some test questions were pretty tricky as well. Expect anywhere from a low A to a high C.
Great teacher. Work hard and you will succeed. She is very dedicated and passionate.
She is a very easy teacher, all you have to do is study her notes and you can get an A on the test. Don't bother reading the textbook, it only wastes time! She's very excited about her bio, just play along and you'll do fine. :)
Great class.. she has such enthusiasm for her classes so shes an enjoyable teaher to have. Exams are basic memorization. not too hard.. but its a lot of material- esp. for plant div and morph. Will take a clas with her in the future!
Professor Fielding truly cares about his students. The only grades are attendance, a few (easy) clicker quizzes, a group project, and the final. He brings in lecturers to help students get a better feel for the Exercise Science program. He also brings in students that are currently in graduate school to help you see what you want to do in life.
I took Roy for a SCUBA class. Pros: Tons of fun! You will learn a lot from him. Cons: He never tells you what miss on written tests nor water tests. Overall he is great. Be aware that you do have to read the text book and study to make A's on the tests. This is not an automatic A class but it can be a very fun A if you put some effort in to it.
Roy was great! Did a great job bringing in speakers that addressed careers we showed interest in. Gets irritated if you are late but the most he will do is call you out when you come in late. Final was based on the powerpoints from the midterm on and STUDY, STUDY, STUDY them for the final and you will do fine.
Ehhh... I really thought he didn't help much with what he was supposed to teach. He was excellent at bringing in guest speakers! That definitely helped everyone out with their career paths! The only ridiculous thing I thought he did was post up 9 PPT slides about 6 days before the final exam and expect us to study them.
I LOVED Harold Daniel. I attribute much of my success to him. What they say is somewhat true - he IS a difficult professor in relation to others at UMaine, but he really belongs at Harvard Business School. I bet most of the students giving him poor ratings didn't come to college to be challenged, but to get a dipolma and get out. Advice? Get involved with ANY extra projects with him you can. He appreciates a sincere desire to learn from him and detests the kids coming to class with hangovers.
She's a very sweet lady that is very friendly in class. I really enjoyed her Drawing II class and would love to take more classes with her. She is very fair with her grading system as well and you have to make sure that you don't show up late to her classes!
She was very helpful with getting your "creative juices" flowing. The material and assignments were a bit of a bore, and extremely time-consuming if you wanted them to come out well. But Andy is very understanding and wants to help you pass the class.
Andy's amazing! You'll do well in the class if you put in the effort, get creative, and don't skip. She's very helpful and positive. Can be a tough grader though.
Awesome professor, really helpful and fun to be around. Andy is really approachable and can help you with anything you need. Will definitely take classes with her again. :)
I took 2D design with Andy and found the work to be interesting. She grades wicked hard. I took this class when she had her baby, so she was there for half the semester. I don't think I could recommend her to anyone. I am pretty good at art, but she didn't think so I guess. oh well
Very engaging teaching style, great professor and encourages deeper thought.
Time-consuming class, but very nice and helpful teacher.
You have to put in the work and do well in this class. She sets up the structure well, she definitely has a great way of teaching. This class is super interesting and the professor is engaging. You must read the textbook and take notes to do well on the exams.
This class is A LOT of work. However I never watched the lecture videos and still did well in the class. I read each textbook chapter and took notes which got me through the semester. Each week, there's a textbook chapter, lecture vids, inquisitive, workbook, and small quiz (you have 3 attempts). Every quiz and test is lockdown browser with webcam.
Dr. Wallendael is the best teacher for Research Methods!
I've taken 2 courses with her as of now, and both have been great. This class was asynchronous, but the provided recorded lectures are easy to follow. If you want to pass, you MUST read the textbook as the exam questions can be very specific. She's readily available outside of class, and makes the material very interesting.
This course was straight forward, like others have said there is an inquisitive, workbook, and quiz due each week. If you carve enough time to learn the course material (study and taking notes!!!!) then you should do well in this course. Everything does get pushed up a day early for exams. Some TA's don't know what they're talking abt though.
Dr. Wallendael is a very nice instructor. If you don't understand something in the material, she is very helpful. The canvas quizzes give you three chances to do better if you don't do well the first time. I would recommend having her as an instructor again.
I think this class was not too hard but just know that if you want to get an A in this class, you're going to have to be working for a good amount of time. The tests aren't hard, IF YOU STUDY. If you do not study, you will not do good. There is a quiz and a workbook assignment every week.
The class was asynchronous, so basically all online. All modules are done through 'Macmillan learning'. It's a lot of work a week but it's a well-structured class. The exams are heavily weighted and use a lockdown browser so you can't cheat. If you're ok with a heavy workload, then this is the class for you.
Very structured course with the same assignments due every week to help you learn the material. A simple tip for success: read the textbook and take notes! If you complete the assigned work and do some studying before exams, you will do just fine!
She is way too concerned about cheating and it is absolutely impossible to even attempt to cheat in her class. . She also will not tell you the correct answers to anything you got wrong. The course moves quickly, so do NOT fall behind. The tests include a ton of super specific information from the text so it is very important to read the book
She is way too concerned about cheating and it is absolutely impossible to even attempt to cheat in her class. However, if you follow the chapters closely and put the necessary work in the class itself is not super difficult. The tests include a ton of super specific information from the text so it is very important to read the book.
Dr. Van Wallendael assigns a lot of homework and workbooks. There is also a lot of textbook reading required, 30-40 pages a week. If you take notes on the textbook, complete the homeworks and study your quiz attempts, you'll do fine on all the tests! A few grades are dropped at the end of the semester and she is easily accessible by email!
I know a lot of people don't really like her but I think she was great & I honestly loved this class. The tests are relatively easy if you do all the work and watch her lecture videos (although sometimes they were terrible quality so that sucked). She provided good "extra help" videos and (small) extra credit opportunities throughout the semester.
She assigns overwhelming amounts of work, but you get used to it fast. If you don't like to take tests/quizzes with lockdown browser + webcam then don't take her because she even makes you take a SYLLABUS quiz with it. If you don't read the textbook you won't pass the tests. She drops a couple of low grades to help you though! Very kind professor!
Dr. Van Wallendael was a very nice professor. She definitely is tight with extra credit, so don't come in expecting it. Weekly reading of fairly long and detailed chapters. She did allow us to use our notes on the quizzes but beware of the hard tests. Read every in of textbook and youlle be fine.A lot of people dropped bc they couldn't hang with it
This is a hybrid class so outside of the one class a week theres a lot of work reading the chapter and taking notes and doing the assignments. Overall fairly easy if you do all of the assignments on time. Lectures cover everything important, but she only lets you miss 2 classes. Wants you to do well and the final isn't that hard if you study.
I had the hybrid class which was mainly online and we only met once a week. I liked this class and she taught it very well. I never read the book, only used it to find answers to the tests, and the video quizzes were super easy. I'd recommend it for anyone looking for an easy GenEd or an easy A. Attendance is mandatory due to clicker questions.
I took this class half online so I only had the lecture hall once a week. It was okay, but if you are not disciplined and organized you will fall behind. LOTS of reading and there is no way to get around it. Chapter exam every week and 3 big exams covering multiple chapters which are very hard if you do not study.
Amazing teacher. Guest speakers occasionally.
Tough, but fair. Great job with communication and really tries to help.
Had a hard time with this one. Kept up with the homework - if you do that, the readings, take very good notes and don't miss deadlines for online work, you'll be set. I missed one and it cost me a letter grade (ONE POINT). My only B in college = this class! Just work hard!
This professor is very easy but she is boring. She reads off of slides and she goes into way too much detail with simple subjects. However, her class is incredibly easy. The first 3 exams are on-line and the final is cumulative and in class. Overall, come to class take notes and you will be just fine.
BEST psyc teacher. All tests are online, in addition to all notes. Coming to class is not mandatory at all. All questions come from powerpoints online, and some questions came from reading the book. Final exam was super easy too. Easy B if you don't try, easy A if you put a little effort into it
Funny how comments say "if you don't like to read..don't take the class". Duh! This is college! You have to read. Read the textbook, follow the notes, practise the exams and you will get an A.
Her lectures are really boring, but her classes are easy. She give online exams. Do not but MyPsychLab and the book together, just get the MyPsychLab with the internet book with it. BC if you have the packet, it has all of it, and it's a waste of money. I made an A in her class though. It's best to come to class if you're lazy to study.
Very sweet lady. Very knowledgeable about the subject material. Class can be hard when it comes to the tests. If you study very well before the test, you should be able to make a high B or an A. Before each test, she gives you the chance to do three extra credit projects worth 6 points added onto the test. Interesting class topics! Not bad!
Can be a hard class...you gotta study!!!
easy class, study the online practice tests.
Boring as @#&$, but easy make it through lecturs and you'll get an A
Tests and homework are tough!
Great teacher for very difficult subjects. Very helpful and thorough. Willing to work with you. Don't expect to ace his tests, but if you do well on the homework, which he will give you plenty of help on, he will usually curve in your favor.
Pretty funny guy. advisor for ASME, so if you're interested in that, get to know him. very happy to help if you show that you put forth effort in his class. Tests are hard.
One of the few classes I actually looked forward to. Couvy is an awesome professor, always willing to help if you're willing to work. If you're not, then he doesn't have time for you. Extremely fair, tough, and funny. And he played football with us at the ASME picnic. How much more awesome can you get?
His tests are extremely tough; you really have to bust your butt to do well. If you go to class, he'll give you any extra help you need. If you don't pay attention, or skip a lot, he'll completely blow you off when you go to him for help. Work hard and pay attention. You'll be rewarded in the end.
I heart the couv.
Cooler than crout.
I've always hated history but Prof White made this class easier to understand. You must go to lecture to get notes and he lectures the entire time with no words on the powerpoint, only pictures. A few quizzes, midterm, and final but he tells you exactly what is on each. Overall, not a bad class if you go and pay attention.
This isn't the professor to take if you're not an auditory learner (or you are easily distracted). The powerpoints are only pictures, and UDCapture is used to supplement on information he did not have time to discuss in lecture. Overall, I really liked his class and would take him again for a HIST course.
Professor White was amazing but that is because I love history. If you're looking for an easy Group B requirement I would steer clear of him. He lectures for the full time with only pictures and maps on his powerpoint, so you have to take your own notes the whole time. Gives a midterm and a final, two easy quizzes, and two papers.
Great Professor. Lectures are long and there are a lot of notes which you have to go to class to get, but if you go and pay attention and take good notes its an easy class. 2 exams, which are not hard if you pay attention, and 2 4 page papers which are graded very leniently. No homework. Over all an interesting course, would recommend to others.
It's an upper level class: If you read the two books and write an adequate paper for each you will do fine in the class. I honestly had nearly 0 notes to prepare from for the midterm and final; I barely went to class because I would fall asleep yet I got a b-/c+ average on the assignments. If you want an A, go to every class and take notes. Easy.
I really like Prof. White. He makes funny little jokes and is somewhat awkward, but really is a nice man. Was not a demanding class and the textbook was barely used, I would take him again.
Professor White is quite possibly the funniest and most awkward British man ever. I love him. Great class. Decent amount of reading, but that's expected in a seminar. Learned a lot. He pays a great amount of attention to detail when grading papers. Research paper: 10-15 pages, which is awesome for a 400-level.
O WHITE is the best! Got me really into history, now I'm even considering minoring in it. Doesn't check attendance but if you miss class you miss about 5 pages of notes so go! I learned so much. Just put the work in, go to every class, take great notes, and you'll get an A! He even tells you hints about the tests!
He's a nice guy but his lectures were REALLY boring. Funny thing is he sometimes admitted and apologized but usually those were the better lectures. The good thing about this class is that you do end up learning even without realizing, however you take 4-5 pages of notes per day. Also, you don't have to memorize dates, just essay tests on subjects.
This isn't a terribly interesting course, but Professor White does as interesting a job as any history teacher I've had yet. Sit near the front, pay attention, take good notes, and answer his questions. Study the notes for the tests and quizzes. All will be well.
doesnt take attendance, really sweet guy, sense of humor, kind of boring sometimes but tries and makes everything clear. just take notes and tests are easy because u get to choose which questions to answer. he puts the terms u need to know on the overhead and is a good teacher. you don't really need the book if u get the notes except for the maps
A really great guy. Incredibly knowledgable and smart and very witty and student-friendly. Readings are not too heavy, but can still mount up if you are not on top of them. You can get by without doing them, but you need to know the content to do well. Take lots of lecture notes and enjoy the film and multimedia tools. Grades fairly.
He's entertaining when he talks about interesting stuff like Meiji Japan. His area of interest is focused on the slave trade which he focuses HEAVILY on a times. You're gonna be tested on this. Leniant grader as well, got an 88 on a BS paper I wrote the night before. Easy tests and a cool accent
He is a professor that keeps you interested in his lecture. there are an extreme amount of notes, but if you read you will better know what is important and what is not. He does use a lot of slides a film, which is great. It is a pretty awesome class.
Nothing better than a British guy teaching modern French history. Awesome lectures and it's really funny when he tries to be funny. Great class, really cool lectures and movies and slides. Cute accent too.
I want to wrap him up in a box and take him home! so cute!!! and his accent is adorable! He is a GREAT teacher, and you will learn alot without feeling overwhelmed!
Lots of notes, but a really interesting class!
easy class, could be a little boring but the work is reasonable and if you go to class and take notes you wil get an A
If you take good notes and study them, you'll do fine on the tests. There are no tricks. I didn't use the book except to look up dates, but he'll give you them anyway. Good guy.
Great guy, gives you the information. No tricks, unlike prof callahan. He is straight forward, and he wants you to listen and learn. Take good notes, and he gives you great books to read.
i learned a lot in this course. didn't use the textbook. you can get A's based on your notes. great prof from across the pond.
very easy, take good notes in class and u'l get an A. do not buy the text.
he is a cool guy, lots of reading though. funny too
a funny little british man who gives a really clear, interesting lecture
he tells u everything thats going to be on the exam,the class before. take notes
Attend lectures, study notes; cute British fellow
Easy class,1 3pg paper, midterm, final.Lecture boring, but need notes for tests
Dr M is great! He has a great sense of humor. I wont take anyone else for plant related classes.
If you think he is hard you should stop spending time complaining and try in this class. I skimmed the chapters and I made a 98 in his class. He is a different person and at times can be rude if you show you are interested he will help you.cannot expect him to spoon feed you grow up this is college!
Dr Mellichamp is a very unique individual. I surely will never forget him. He is a good teacher. His tests are hard but he gives you all of the information you need in class. You have to work to get a good grade in his class. He makes you think.
great teaching style, tricky tests, read the book too, not very personable or approachable
I think that this was a great teacher, he is funny, and makes things interesting, he can be sarcastic at times, but dont be stupid and he won't be sarcastic. tests are a little tricky, but he gives extra credit. heloves his plants though.
Great teaching but have to really master the material cover in class for exam
Bitter man about something
He is hilarious.... smart too. Keeps the classes attention very well.
Great teacher. Very liberal but fair and full of good ideas.
This class was fun- it was a lot of story time mixed in with a lot of information. If you just take really good notes you'll have everything she wants for her two essay exams and one paper. Didn't read the textbook, just the shorter books and articles. Definitely mention them in your essays. Act interested and answer some questions- easy!
A good professor I learned a lot
Pretty good at teaching.
I enjoyed his class he made the subjects interesting, we had a lot of papers but as long as you do them you get points for turning in your assignments. I would definitely take any classes he teaches.
He's really chill. The class is not difficult at all as long as you pay attention and read the book. 5 movie reviews which are incredibly easy and 4 tests which are also easy as long as you study.
Class isn't too hard as long as you take notes and attend class on a daily basis. 5 papers which are just a summary of videos you watch in class. 3 tests based on reading from textbook and in class lectures. Funny and not a tough grader.
Not really into Sociology and wish I sat in on a class before I signed up for it (only signed up for it because I had friends taking the course). However, Whitmeyer was a fair teacher. No complaints. 3 exams and 5 papers for the semester, not a lot of work. The papers are just a summary of the video and the exams cover his lectures, videos, and tex
Do not skip this class! He doesn't take attendance, but it's difficult to understand the material if you aren't there. That being said, he is a great professor! The class is somewhat boring and can be quite difficult, but it's required so you might as well take him! I made an A with some effort. If you're a SOCY major, he's your best bet.
I loved Professor Whitmeyer! This Marriage & Fam class was REALLY interesting and I loved going to class. There are only 4 quizzes, a few video reports, and discussion papers. SO EASY! And you learn a lot too. TAKE IT IF YOU WANT AN A+!
Great teacher! Lectures are interesting and easy to take notes from. He provides study guides for tests. 2 page paper due every week, but easy to write. Easy A class, if you attend lectures.
Should be a writing intensive class because you have a weekly reading and 2 page report due every week. Also you have to read a book and do a report too. He lectures out of the required text. Every class he lectures the whole time but if you go to class and listen you will do good. The subject is boring but he tries to make it better! Test: Essay
This was a good class. Not the most interesting subject, but he does his best with his corney jokes to make it interesting. Two page summaries due just about every week. Gives study guides for the test. If you come to class and take good notes you should do fine. I think I will make it out with an A
I had him in Computer Simulations, and it was much easier. He teaches on lecture part, and you are responsible for the book part. 4 Tests, all multiple choice. Final is combined from last 3 tests. Make sure you go to class, he gives 4 discussion papers that will add or subtract from your grade (depending on if you do them).
pretty boring at first, but he does say some very funny things, expects a lot of reading, but explains it in the next lecture. pretty good professor!
Had him as a grad student, and he worked my butt off...but it was worth it then, and now, 8 years later. He pushes you to do more than you ever thought you could...he challenges in ways that make you a more enlightened person. Hated his class while I took it...realize now how lucky I was to have him as a teacher.
INTERESTING PROF. HE HAS LIVED IN MANY DIFFRENT COUNTRIES AND HAS LOTS OF INFORMATION TO PASS ON. HE TRIES TO MAKE CLASS INTERESTING AND FUN. HE HAS A GOOD PERSONALITY. EASY GRADER. IF YOU HAVE ANY PROBLEMS TURNING IN WORK JUST TALK TO HIM BEFORE HAND. HE IS VERY APPROACHABLE. WOULD RECOMEND HIM FOR ANY CLASS. CLASS STRESS FREE
ALTHOUGH THE CLASS IS VERY BORING HE IS A GOOD TEACHER. GOOD SENCE OF HUMOR. A 2 PAGE WRITTING ASIGNMENT DUE EVERYWEEK ON READING THAT MAY BE DIFFICULT. COME TO CLASS HE WILL GO OVER EVERYTHING ON EXAMS. EASY GRADER AND KEEPS YOU TO THE LAST MIN.....I WOULD RECOMEND HIM BEST TEACH FOR CLASS TRUST ME I TOOK IT TWICE...MADE AN A THE SECONED TIME
Class can be boring, but eventually the material gets more interesting. I like this guy because even though I SERIOUSLY failed my first test, I still somehow pulled an A in the class... all because I came to every single lecture afterward. Good Prof.
Great teacher! At first seems kinda boring but if you get to know him- he's very helpful and grades fair/easy. Loved him! Had him for Soc. theory and Quan. analysis
Great Sense of humor. Makes boring material easier to deal with.
Great guy! Interesting and funny! Good Class!
He was a pretty entertaining to listen to in class. If you like learning about war and ancient battles then you will like this class. 2 tests and 1 research paper. Participation is a big part of your grade so if you go to class you will be fine. Solid Professor
Pretty good lectures, and he jokes around and makes them more interesting. Half the classes are lectures, half are watching videos that relate to them. Tests consist of one long paper; another research paper also counts for a lot of the grade. He's not an easy grader. But no homework, and only takes attendance on video days when need to participate
I found Dr. MacKenzie easy to understand despite his British accent. The tests are fair, but they are only 25 questions each, so each question counts a lot. Pay attention to wording! Attendance isn't mandatory but go to lectures to do well! He's funny and makes the class watch cringy 80's movie clips if he hears a cell phone go off in class.
Mackenzie was one of the most accessible and caring professors i've ever had. He would go out of his way to help any student. He is a little soft spoken so sitting near the front goes a long way. Although attendance isn't mandatory his tests are HEAVILY lecture based, so I suggest going. If you have a problem, GO TO HIM, he is always ready to help.
MacKenzie's very knowledgeable and clearly enjoys teaching. Sure, his lectures can be a little boring and he's been known to ramble, but the class itself is pretty easy. Your experience in this class will really depend on your TA. Mr. Sellick is great- super interesting and a fair grader. Overall, I would definitely recommend MacKenzie for 102.
Very funny man! Uses videos and jokes to liven class. Tests are extremely easy if you come to lecture (take about 10 minutes). Very general information. Do not have to learn any dates. Overall I enjoyed this class and highly recommend him. Very easy A
The lectures are 50 min with a discussion section once a week. The lectures were quick and easy. He shows humorous videos to liven the class. The whole duration, a slide is presented that follows the topics of that class. Tests are 25 questions. Overall very easy if you go and take notes.
Even though he only takes attendance on Wednesdays, go to class! He gives tons of extra credit just for showing up on Mondays. The class is a midterm (15%), final (25%), 12-page paper (30%), and discussion (30%). The Wednesday discussion are based on readings. He uses movie clips a lot. He grades harder than other history professors at USC.
Attendence isn't mandatory per se, but you need to go if you want to do well on the tests. The tests are STRAIGHT from the lectures, and he'll even tell you not to buy the book. He gives you a class outline, which makes it a lot easier to follow the lecture. Make sure to read the questions carefully on the exam, because he will try to trick you.
MacKenzie's lectures are easy to follow and very engaging. He often has movie clips to go with the subject matter. Tests come directly from the notes. The TA's do all of the grading, so project grades are subjective according to which TA you have. I would definitely take him again though! Great professor!
MacKenzie was a very engaging professor and this class was very interesting. His class is structured somewhat oddly. On Tuesdays you come in and have a lecture & on Thursdays you have a class discussion. His lecture style is very clear and organized. Your exams are 2 in-class essays and an out-of-class research paper. Not easy but not too hard
test are tricky but come strait from the notes he gives. funniest teacher at usc by far. showed**** in one of the classes and i got a ****!!!
Show up to class & take very good notes! His tests come right from the lectures (I didn't even buy the book), but they can be VERY tricky... more like testing your proofreading skills, not the history material. And the lectures were AWFUL! But he's waaay better/easier than the other 102 profs! Show up to class & pay attention, & you'll be fine!
This is such an easy class if you go and listen. You never have to read the book-tests only cover the outlines he gives in class. The discussion class can be boring, but helps reinforce the class material. Tests can be a bit tricky, but if you've come to class and studied the notes they are a cinch. I got an A and never studied more than 1 hour.
His lectures and course content were very well planned. Kept the class interesting and motivated. The reading was not unreasonable and was always relevant to the coursework. Prof. Sil's also a very funny guy which keeps the mood in the class light. Just don't interrupt him while he's in the middle of a lecture and get there on time!
Dr Sil is an unbelievably great teacher in his clarity and entertainment value.
Very clear in his lectures...ties things to the Simpsons well! Also funny.
york is actually a really nice guy. he doesnt get enough credit. he teaches pretty well, and explains things clearly if you dont understand. he doesnt check HW, and you dont really need your book.
How can anyone hate on him for Lib Art Math?? Ive taken it with, yes, TWO other profs, York is TEN TIMES more qualified than the other profs at our school. He is also clearly very interested in the material!! I got a better grade than I deserved - I think its because I laughed at the poor mans jokes! Have a heart, take the class, WORTH IT!! EASY!!
What can be said about Dr. Batkay. Well he's hilarious, a bit loud, a bit condescending, pretty insightful, and you use the book quite a lot. This may not all sound great but I love his classes, this is the second one I have with him and its always enjoyable and as long as you read his classes are easy. He's not for everyone, but I like him.
He's brilliant. Knows what he's talking about. you have to read if you want any chance of doing well because you don't go over nearly everything that'll be on a quiz or a test. He's tough, and really should think before he speaks sometimes and he knows it, but that's just his personality.
The batman may get a bad rap about the comments he makes (funny ones) but he isn't that bad. pay attention in class n u'll pass.
Very funny guy. Knows what he is talking about and gets so into it. Exams and quizzes are not as difficult as they may seem. The book is really needed.
I have taken Dr. Batkay from 101 to 402 level courses. Each course was informative and entertaining. He is unabashedly blunt and speaks his mind which is a breath of fresh air considering the PC nature of schools. Although an extremely grader,doesnt curve much because he knows he is easy. Go to class and you will not even have to read the text
Funny guy, not that hard of a grader. If you read you will do fine in the class. If you ask him for help after class he will help you. Overall not that bad and ladies he's easy on the eyes!!!
Batkay says whats on his mind, no matter what. People may say he's bias or rascist but he's not. He got a tough appearance but he's a nice guy and will help you if you need it and will give you extra study material for tests. 4 papers, like 4 or 5 quizzes, drops the lowest and midterm and final. goes of on topics alot and does get lil boring.
Batkay is a class act, he will tell you like it is. He is a Grade A teacher and a pretty funny guy to boot. Don't take any of his classes if you don't have a sense of humor or you aren't too bright.
BATKAY is the MAN! He gives weekly quizzes, but if you show up and at least skim the readings you should be okay! He has a sailor's mouth, but it's part of his charm! The midterm and final were kinda challenging, but the 4 papers are not that bad. Definately take Batkay!!!
This guy is great!! He is an interesting and innovative professor. If you're sensitive, don't take the class. He will scold you, insult you, won't let you chew gum or eat in his class. But you will learn and understand the big picture of what he's teaching. Refreshing and bold, class was NEVER boring!! Highly Recommend taking him.
He is pretty good teacher although he gets a little hot headed. He is very opinionated, used the n work, called people against illegal immigration ****, besides calling people names, he's good, just cut through his B.S.
I just dont know what to think of this guy. Hes loud, abnoxious, abrasive, rude, and has a mouth like a sailor and yet for some reason i think hes really great. Easy quizzes, easy papers, mid term was ok but seriously, this guy is quite a character. never a dull moment or an insult spared
this guy is crazy and abrasive but for some reason i love it. i've never heard a prof swear more in one class but for some reason its totally excellent. the assignments are absolutely basic so just follow the directions and you'll do fine.
Awsome professor, if you are willing to leave your preconceptions about what is politically correct at the door. If your skin is thick enough you will have a blast. I had him for 2 classes last semester and got an A in both without cracking the books (with the exception of the reader for the papers). Awsome professor, definantly taking him again.
Always takes attendance and will make fun of anyone with a strange name. True/False quizzes once a week, but they are difficult and he tries to trick you. Two exams are multiple choice, but the kind that are A,B, A&B, sometimes A, sometimes B. One word can throw you off big time. Genuine guy, real, doesn't sugar coat anything tells it like it is.
Interesting, makes fun of people which is a big plus, if u cant take a joke dont take him.
long live batkay he is the reigning shock jock of MSU. He is rude foul and lots of fun, his material is top notch and he doesnt have a terrible bias in his class. I love how he came with bird dunk on his shirt and didnt worry about it
batkay is a really interesting teacher.. he isn't so much "by the book" and he doesn't have structured lectures but that is what kept me interested.. he starts talking about a lot of different world issues that relate - good thinker - take him for a different experience in a traditional class
Opinionated,Loud, but knows his material. This semester wasn't one of his best but I would do it again if I had to with him. He's not biased and encourages one to think but he grades fairly. He usually gives 2 exams several t/f quizes and in some classes, miniture papers. Take Him, U will be fine.
Batkay is a great teacher! Didn't get much done during the semester cause he had a lot of stuff going on. He yells a lot because he gets into everything he is talking about. Met him at Starbucks once, and he is as awesome outside the classroom as he is inside. Batkay Rules!
Had him years ago and Batkay did rule!
Great professor, knows his stuff...very opinionated, but really makes you think. highly recommended.
Batkay is amazing. can't help but take hime again and again. Good man in and out of the classroom. fair and balanced-makes sure you do your work but encourages too. Would reccomend him and wish him the best. Do the reading and you'll be fine. He tells you what to expect-doesn't hide the ball.
Awesome professor. Very understanding, very helpful, very easy to talk to. hilarious, made me crack up in class many times. fair grader. i have him for three classes, would definitly take him again.
Made me look at a lot of things differently. Liberal, yeah....a little loud and boisterous at times, yeah....speaks A LOT of truth that others will NOT say, yeah...and that is why he is the MAN. Had him 3 times and will miss him when I graduate.
a PLEASURE TO TAKE CLASS WITH FOR ALL OF THE COMMUNIST, FASCIST HATING PEOPLES OF THE WORLD. DR. BATKEY IS DA BOMB!!
Great professor, knows his stuff! He's a nice guy, tough grader, but as long as you try, he'll grade accordingly. A 1 and 1/2 page paper due every 2 weeks and only 2 exams during the semester. It's a great class!
Prob. the most liberal professor on campus. Has a remark about everything and everyone. Fun to listen to and laugh at, but don'y like his teaching methods. Very opinionated, one sided (his side).
Kind of loud and explosive. You won't be bored. Tests are all scantron and trickily worded.
Good guy but doesn't always know whats going on. Turn your cell phone off or else.....Interesting points, makes you think, funny as anything. Take him, you'll have to work but you won't mind it.
hard exams but funny prof and you learn
Shadi character but the stats i rate him area real.
He is awesome in class: funny and smart. Always goes by quickly!
Good teacher easy class if you do the hw and the readings for the test, although the test are really hard. oh yeah there is also an 18 page paper, but dont worry the hw basically is the paper. good class and teacher:)
He's not that bad. He tells you exactly what he wants and seems a lot tougher than he really is. Do exactly what he says and you'll do fine.
lots of work, but so easy. Just do exactly what he says and u get an A...seems mean, but he warms up in the end.
not bad, pay attention, keep up with assignments
Final paper is easy A if you FOLLOW HIS DIRECTIONS on FORMAT! Difficult tests.
This class is pretty easy. Go to all the lectures, they're boring but he does pop quizzes that are really easy and straight from the notes. I skimmed the reading and have done well on all the tests. He does like to take specific questions from the blackboard readings. Overall, an interesting and easy class.
Smart and funny teacher, classes are challenging but the content is very interesting. However he has very little time to give any extra help to students and utilizes his TA's heavily. If you do everything that is expected of you an easy B is achievable in this class.
There are only at most 45 minutes of actual content in each class - He artificially extends the lecture to fill the classtime
this class is ok he takes role every calss but its random. small 5? reading assignments are due tues& miny quizez in class thurs so I recommened going & it helps to understand  have to read to much. he's pretty funny and class isnt too boring, he's an ass about leaving class. the finals pretty hard but in the end its really not to bad of a clas
everything is pretty straight forward. his study guide did get a bit lazy towards the end and his class is pretty boring, but thats it, he is a good teacher and he trys to make lectures funny.
one of my favorite professors at state so far! i loved 410 and plan on taking 450. 3 tests and a final that he gave out really good study guides for. attendence is mandatory but i actually enjoyed going to class, so that was fine. i definately recommend him :)
took him for 355, 410, and soon 457. good prof. very knowledgeable in soc, most of what you need to know 4 exams is in class lecture. read the book too, or at least browse it b4 an exam. got b's in both 355/410, with not to much effort, i recommend. 4 exams - final is ****ulative w/last sect, attendance, class participation n u'll do fine
Awesome teacher...highly recommend him, you do have to attend because he grades you at the end on attendance but if you do go to class it makes studying so much eaiser because the material is very interesting in this course. 3 tests and a final (that was for summer school) Tests are not that hard, and i am normally a horrible test taker!
He's a good teacher for the most part - a little condescending at times if you go to talk to him after class. He -will- call you out for not attending lecture. The class is based off 3 or 4 large tests, and some pop quizzes. There is weekly homework.
Dr. Johnston is a great professor. His lectures are fun and full of information. I like how he doesn't use powerpoint slides for his lectures. He tests hard, and can ask really difficult questions. But if you go to his office hours for questions about the exams his willing to help.
Class is cahllenging but the lectures are fun. Very informative, but you must study hard to get a good grade.
I really liked his class.I like the fact that he uses powerpoint and the tests are based on the lectures.Overall B++
The class was straightforward and clear. Most of the exam questions are from the lecture notes but you must read to get an A. He is nice and on occasion fun.
This class is not easy so you really have to study hard and read the book which he assigns. You can't just memorize his lectures because most part of the test are from the book. Overall he's a fun teacher. If you don't understand something just ask him after class and he'll explain it to you clearly. Good professor.
he is a good teacher but you MUST go to class... he takes attendence everyday.... hates late people. Take good notes and read all assigned readings. Funny guy, but a little weird sometimes.
Dry subject, but he knows it and tries to keep things lively. Makes note-taking easy and organized with his outlines. 4 tests and they are pretty hard, but go to the study sessions (which sometimes help.) Do all the homework assignments, no need to actually read the books, but you do have to buy them. Go to class, attendance is part of the grade.
Great teacher and funny guy. Most won't get his unique sense of humour, but it was great. My 2nd time through the class, since I got an incomplete last time. Just pay attention and do the homework and you'll get an A. Don't miss a class either he is a stickler for attendance.
Great professor. Takes attendance every day, but it's worth it to go. VERY organized teaching style- take the notes. Tests are fair -do the reading and study the notes...but most importantly GO TO THE STUDY SESSIONS he has before the test. They are worth it! Really interesting material too.
great professor. nice, makes class interesting. gives you everything you need to know in the class notes. have to go to every class, but class is interesting. tests a little hard, but not too bad.i highly recommend him.
Interesting at times... BUT!!! boring at times as well. he does try to make it entertaining though. he's personable and funny (he tries to be at least). The tests are pretty easy, except for a few tricky questions... overall a good class
Too bad I had to drop the class, but this guy was great. Really loved his major and it showed. Will leave more when I retake the class.
Takes attendance every day and keeps you the whole time. lecture can be very boring and he is annoying but tests are simple if you go and take notes.
Cool professor. Has 3 short quizzes and one final with 50 ques. No papers or projects. Make sure you go to class, he counts attendance. Writes out the notes for you on the overhead. Only bad thing is that he keeps you the whole time. Don't take Clanton!!!
He's the bomb! Hella cool guy with lots of energy, just make sure you go to class and read.
Great class, very interesting. He loves the subject and makes you interested in it. You will do well if you attend class and read the book. Keeps you in class the entire time!!!
go to the study sessions if you want an A the hardest thing is his comprehensive final keep your notes!
his tests are all based off the notes he writes in class...so go to class and u will pass...nice guy, interesting class.
He is a goofball, which makes the class more interesting. His tests are a little wordy, but overall if you studied his notes, you will get at least a B. I really like his organization in making outlines..let's you know what will exactly be on the test.
call him Hank = A
Thanks professor!! i hope the best for u!!!great class 3 test and paper! books were interesting! thanks for a great semester!!
SO BORING. takes her 20 min to explain how to use a scantron. but it's an interesting class, if you can make it past the lifeless lectures. do the reading, cause the tests ask very specific q's from the book. essay assign is based on a really interesting book. not a hard class if you put in some effort, just expect lectures to bore you to death.
Nice teacher, but its true the lectures are dry, but the material is interesting. 3 exams and one easy paper. Read the books and you'll be okay. Straight forward not too hard.
Interesting class, she pretty much has no personality though.
Enjoyed the class.
Very interesting class. She has no personality. Very organized lectures. 3 books, must read them. 1 paper. 3 short tests. She is not as hard as people say she is. She curves the tests when the class does bad. If you study you can easily get an A. Glad I took her class, would take her again.
This is the best class I have ever taken. She is a great professor and the material is super interesting. There are 3 quizzes which are not hard if you read and go to class. Highly recommend taking this class.
not easy but interesting so go to class & u pass. most organized professor ever
Great lecturer, not easy class but it so worth taking, highly recommend
interesting and straight forward, but teacher not very personable or friendly,
Her murder class was awesome.
Clear, organized, interesting lectures. Mult Choice tests. 1 Group presentation.
Although there are lecture-heavy moments, I enjoyed her class overall. The topics were interesting, and if you meet with her one-on-one you can tell she really does care for her students. I'd suggest more group activities and discussions, as well as more updated readings and videos, but I did learn what I wanted. Make sure to do your work. Easy A.
Nice and easy to deal with. The subject of the study can be boring if you don?t like sociology, big benefit of class are the extra credit points, approximately 50 of them. On the down side, you have to read the assigned chapters, all the questions on the exam are directly from them.
Sociology of the Family; US-Mexico Border
Very nice and helpful, 3 tests, panel report, 1 extra credit book review.She takes roll at mid semester when panels start. Go to class. Keep up with readings, pop quizs score applied to test grades, basically extra credit! Hard to understand @ first, thick accent but very nice. Will need ALL books.
She's a nice lady. Willing to explain material if it is unclear. Has office hours that are helpful if you take advantage of it. As long as you read along with material should do fine.
Excellent teacher---An easy A. Easily Accesible
Lectures are a bit dry;no clear notes,but tests are easy IF you go to each class
Connie was my favorite teacher this semester and loves what she does, she will help you with anything if you ask
Professor Rothwell is such a wonderful person! She really cares about what you want to write and how you write. Attendance does not seem to be mandatory, but suggested. Actually attempt to write well and participate and you will pass.
Connie is amazing. She is so interested in her students and what we like to write. She isn't too strict on her deadlines and changes it if people are confused or need more time. Always open to questions and advise you may just need to clarify the assignment for next class. I strongly suggest taking her, favorite English class i've ever taken.
I had Connie for Honors English and she was a great teacher. The class is open to discussion and sometimes the class is very helpful. Overall, it's a easy class. You write, and write some more, but it's not bad to be a honors class. I highly recommend Ms. Connie Rothwell to anyone. If you try and are successful, you should get an A.
She is a fabulous person, and a great teacher!
One of the nicest teachers, likes to get involved personally, learns names. A little unorganized, and it's hard to know where she comes from with grades, but nonetheless, a wonderful teacher and person!
Easiest class for the semester. She's very laid back and lets you turn in papers late.
Decent. There are better and then there are worst. Class was interesting.
Extremely helpful teacher - very relational and personal with students.
great teacher, you will learn alot
great teacher, very helpful, very understanding
She is actually one of the few UNDERrated professors in UNCC and possibly among the most articulate in her field. I disagreed with much of what she said (feminist, AA yada), but she did much to shape my thought and approach to lit. She is pretty open-minded. I wrote a paper in which I bashed an author unmercifully (but truthfully).Got an A anyway.
She is sooo amazing. She knows her stuff. The tests are very easy if you come to class, you don't even have to read the books if you show up. If not, read, and go to the review class before the test...you'll be gold. Enjoy!
She makes funny faces when she teaches.
Dr. Pereira is a fantastic teacher and her class rocked. Of course it was like riding the TGV through American Literature but if you came to class, read, and took notes you should have done well. I did!
Not an easy A, but you will learn a lot. She's very helpful and nice. You'll definitely be proud if you make an A or B! I loved her class
I went to class every day and read the books and still didn't do well. She is a very nice woman and always has time for you, but I would never take her again.
greal, very organized and smart, can keep your attention with choice of clothes,
He's okay. But more importantly, he releases practice quizzes that are not graded, BUT they helped me more than anything to do better on the tests. I wouldn't have gotten a B without those practice quizzes.
Great class. Learned a lot.
Professor Miller is very friendly and cares a ton about the subject. He uses clickers so come to class. If you pay attention or just read the textbook and study you will pass. Pay attention to the clicker questions, they will most likely show up on the exam. He moves very fast and gives lots of examples, but the slides are posted after every class
Professor Miller is an extremely knowledgeable and passionate professor. His lectures are pretty rapid fire but the practice quizzes he posts online are essentially the tests. There are clicker questions that you get graded on every class so attendance is necessary. Show up, pay a little attention, and do the practice quizzes and you'll pass.
Just show up for class for clicker questions which are based on reading the textbook. Do learning modules. Study off of optional online quizzes. Lots of quiz questions, so start them early. You'll end up using your textbook and lecture slides so that's how you study.
He's very passionate about this subject, but the class is boring. His exams are not all that hard, just study the quizes bkuz the same questions will b on the exam. He gives quizes every week, and gives 3 attempts. Nething over 80% is passing. Its not that much of a hard class just extremely boring. Use ur quizes as a study guide.
His exams are all essay, but you don't have to write in paragraph form. You will need to remember a lot of information, but you'll learn a great deal. Make sure you start all his assignments more than the night before, since they'll take you a while. Overall, a pretty good teacher.
To be frank, Dr. Miller is no joke. Taking a course with him will be a true experience. He is very smart and speaks fast. It is truly on you as a student to grab information that you feel is important to take note of. Exams are full essay and require you to have definitely learned the information. Its hard, but I approve of his teaching
Class was tough and very broad, but Dr. Miller makes it worth it. He speaks very quickly, but will go out of his way to accommodate his availability with yours if you need to meet with him outside of his office hours for help. STUDY HARD for exams, they are long and tedious. LOTS OF WRITING!
Class consists of 3 exams, they are not cumulative. Provides good study guides for exams. Lectures can be a bit boring, but he tries his best to get the class involved. He is more than willing to help his students if they put in the effort.
Challenging class,but worth it. Pay attention and take good notes, you will make it. DONT SLACK ON NOTES!!!
knows his stuff!!!, lecture are pretty interesting, and the tests arent too bad if you actually study. Usually curves. Dont have to attend class, everything you need for tests is in the book. very willing to help any student outside class
Tests are kind of hard, but really knows stuff. lectures are uninteresting though and although he tries hard to get the class involved in the topic. seems to be willing to help students as much as possible though
Hansens class for BA 325 is harder than other professors but he is really willing to help students. He met with me several times outside of class and outside of his office hours to help with assignments. Its a tough class and I really struggled all around this term and but he helped me learn what I needed to pass. Ask for help early on.
Hansen gets a lot of crap but he is an honestly funny guy who cares about what he teaches. He is VERY long-winded and prone to tangents, but if you participate, this can be fun. If you adhere to his system, the class isn't hard. You will basically need to memorize some D2L quizzes, though. This is a useful class and Hansen does his best.
It's a shame this class has to be so detail orientated on book definitions. You learn to memorize the chapters word for word. Confusion is high as it is difficult to memorize every nit pick definition. Lecture time is 50% off topic & 45% not test helpful. Only 5-15 minutes is on test material. He is helpful & nice during office hours though.
This class was a piece of cake. There is a lot of extra credit for all you early term slackers like myself. I missed around 5 assignments the first half of the term, but extra credit saved me from failure. Attendance is not required. Just read the book and memorize the terms. Not very hard to do.
I have a strong interest in computers, but this class is extremely boring. Luckily with the hybrid class you don't have to attend class. This whole class is all about reading the book then taking 12 quizzes and 5 tests all on the book and a little bit on the case study's. Does offer 5 extra credit assignments and lets you drop 1 quiz and 1 test
Not the most interesting teacher or class but it's an easy A if you do the assignments
He's great. I recommend you take it with him. he's extremely helpful. Easy A
very demanding class. Lots of extra assignments. Access group design project makes no sense. But he is willing to help you as long as you can stand his bluh, bluh, bluh...
Awesome guy. Can be long winded in his explanation but, knows his stuff.
I can't believe that they decided to kick HER out considering some of the HORRIBLE professors that make up the psychology department. Dr. Toma was so systematic - she layed everything out clear and precise and more importantly she was so energetic and you could see that she really LOVED what she did. Toma impacted me a teacher I will never forget
Really sad that the psych dept. rid her. Guess what? I got a C myfault. Guess what else? 1 of best profs! alot of exam material=text. class=some notes but lots of discussions. youre crazy if you dont like her. people probably dont like her cause she has sympathy for suicidal people. drinks too much coffee, SHE TRIES TO GET TO KNOW U EVEN IF IN BACK
Dr. Toma is one of the sweetest human beings on Earth. She stays after class for several hours and helps students with their problems. How many profs will do that? She makes class interesting and is very energetic. Exams are tough, but if you read the chapters and go to class, you will be fine.
i think it is so sad that Dr. Toma got kicked out of rutgers because of all you who didn't like her...she was a great professor, very helpful, and the class was so easy. so she was late a few times? Who the hell cares?
This is a very good class, take it if u r willing to work and learn some new material, if ur good at taking notes then u will do well on the exams b/c the exams come str8 from the book and the notes u just have to know how to use the material wisely and not expect it to come str8 from anything but to analyze what u kno and apply the knowledge
ok she might be a little random, but if you take the effort to get to know her (office hours) so that she knows your name..your life will be so much easier...yes the exams can be tricky but if you read the damn book you should do fine.. go to class cause she tends to put stuff on exams not in book.. dr. toma is the nicest person ever take her class
If u are interested in wanting to understand the exams then talk to her personally and she will be more than willin 2 help u out. stop cryin like babies and move on and study for the next one. Nothing in life is handed to you. what counseling does she give the front row? I'm so unaware of this...
After finishing my 3rd year as a Psych major, her classes are the only ones I have taken information from and appllied to life circumstances. She is not one to lecture, but rather discuss as to make sure the students are understanding her. The 4-hr summer classes flew by. She knows her stuff. I would take more classes with her if I could.
Very nice and funny.Very personable.Some lecturers were interesting others not.Tends to go off topic/unorganized in her notes.Always late.A lot of the info common sense.Tests fair.Didn't like the book she uses.
I LOVE this lady. Best Professor i've had at rutgers. She made class interesting, fun. If you go to lecture and read the book there's no reason you can't do well. Would definately reccomend taking her
The person who wrote the last review need to stop misleading people and possibly jeapordize someone's GPA. The class is not an easy A. You have to go to her lecutres and write feverishly when she babbles. Then you have to read CERTAIN things in the book. She wont tell you what though.
Class is fairly easy. Her notes are all over the place. Get ready to write FAST! Don't blow off the exams, 1/2 the class cheats so be aware of what you're up against.
a real asset to Rutgers. in a class of 300+ people, she might just know your name. very animated, full of energy.
If you go to class and take notes, you'll get an A, even without reading the book. She keeps your attention and the time in class goes by quick. Just remember to turn off your phone or she'll bug out.
She is by far the best psych teacher I have ever had! She is very interesting, gives easy exams, and listens to what the students have to say. Make sure to go to class and take good notes, exams come right from the notes.
AWESOME prof.. shes young and fun... class is kind of layed back for a lecture hall...lots of laughs..and EAZY and interesting. 4 equal exams...i got all A's.. def gotta take her!.. she usually teaches 2 classes back to back, can go to either one
She is so great. She's a nut and has fun in class. Favorite class at Rutgers!!
She is the best teacher at RU. If she taught more psych classes I would take all. Too bad she isnt full time. I agree w/ the person who said that other profesors would loose most students to her!!!RU assign her more classes!!!!!
Overall good teacher, a rarity here at rutgers.
everyone should take her class...great teacher, very easy to understand
Not bad, only two test. Not the best feedback but work and read on your own to get a good grade.
Smart man. In my experience with taking Micro-econ with him, I decided to listen what he was saying instead of how he was saying it, and I learned much more. The only thing is that he's kind of anal about attendance, but overall, he really knows what he's talking about.
I'm glad I took this professor, all the assignments and exams were online so it was easy to keep up. Professor Choi knows what he's talking about, he's also a really nice guy. But he doesn't do enough to engage the class and the whole 90minutes is just him talking at us. If you can look past that, he's great
Good teacher. Intelligent and can explain any misunderstanding you may have about what is being taught. Friendly and approachable. Can get boring but only if you don't make any attempt at participation.
Everyone on here is over reacting. he is a very nice and understanding person. he will answer any question you have and is glad to help. His tests are difficult,but if you read youll do fine. he does give ALOT of reading though, and i will admit he is VERY boring. He should make tapes to cure people with insomnia because his voice puts you to sleep
He really nice person!! and I know he do best his work to students!! Don't listen whoever say worset professor!! Because if who do best work hard,he knows everything and he gonna give fair grade to people.
I loved this class. It is very hard but the book is very clear and he always responded to questions I e-mailed. He makes sure that you know your stuff. Hard but better in long run
Calhoun is actually an excellent professor if you're looking to get your 'money's worth' out of college. You WILL do work in his class and you WILL be forced to learn if you want to pass the class. If you're looking for an easy A, keep looking. His class is hard and he expects you to work. Tests are hard, but if you show you're trying, you'll pass.
I liked this guy. A lot of people in my class didn't but that was because they thought they were right and he was wrong. Very funny guy and makes the learning pretty interesting. He wants you to argue your point, he'll argue with you but only to get you thinking.
I had Dr. Calhoun for several classes and I really liked all of them. Students were a little tough on him even then (1999-2002), but I think it's his quirky sense of humor that people have a problem with not his teaching style. I enjoyed his classes...and
calhoun is a great teacher. his tests are not hard if you keep up with the reading and go to class, he has a great grading scale and he makes the topic interesting.
All you have to do is pay attention in class and study and you're sure to pass his class
Very funny man, but very hard, lots of essays, a little scary from time to time, but learn a lot. Be prepared to debate.
Great professor! Interesting & interactive lectures...I learned a lot
Learned a lot, but very demanding
Excellent professor who truly knows what he is teaching. Choses excellent books to read for class which will give you a new perspective on things. The Arab-Israeli conflict is difficult, but he teaches the history very well, do not try and argue either side on the exams! just prove that you know the subject matter
very inteligent man, and very willing to help students. Lots of reading and work and tough grader HOWEVER you will learn a lot! recomended to those who are intrested in Poly Sci.
miller is a genius, probably the smartest man teaching at ud. however, this doesn't make him the best professor..he is almost too smart for his own good...take his classes if you are really interested and already know a lot about poli sci..he is so nice and friendly though..cool dude!
People underestimate this guy and assume that his ramblings or "biases" make him a subpar professor. Though he isn't always clear, his enthusiasm for knowledge and for us "getting it" shows through the-- (as I will admit) too often confusing and off-topic stories. Wouldn't choose to take him again, but I definitely learned -- a bit -- from the guy
if you go to class and talk to him afterwards and actually care about what you are learning this class is no problem!he is very interesting and has so much to offer, i think he is anything but pompous!dont take this class if you are not interested in it!
Very Difficult Grader, Nice Man
She knows her stuff! She will make you work VERY hard for the grade!!!! Work load is very heavy!
Tough subject but a good professor, a little uptight
Tests about every two weeks, on very specific things be sure to take quizes on MyLab Mastering, review powerpoints, review clicker questions, and any videos. The tests aren't impossible but require you to take really good notes. You have plenty of time to complete the work, not too hard. He doesn't post grades, and you only have tests no fluff.
This guy is really funny and nice, sometimes sarcastic and picks on the people who don't come to class. GO TO CLASS. he gives extra credit sometimes just for showing up. all his powerpoints are on blackboard which is nice. if you're going to take notes, bring your laptop. otherwise don't bother, just pay attention.
Hilarious teacher. Makes the class fun. His tests are pretty hard--study the powerpoints and all of your notes. i didnt use the book for this class. Go to class on review days! it helps a lot!
Easy class, no textbook; good note taking. Excellent professor, highly motivated, shows extreme enthusiasm for the course material.
His lectures are very interesting, he kept my attention the entire semester. Don't even buy the book, his exams come straight from lecture. He doesn't post his lectures online, but even if he did he talks more in detail about the slides, so I recommend good attendance. He somehow made physical science interesting and he's got a great sense of humor
He might LOOK like a boring old dude, but he's got great lectures. I loved going to this class.
VERY knowledgeable and excellent lecturer. Take good notes and re-read/write them after class. One of my fav MSU profs
He knows his stuff, and doesn't even need notes to do his lectures. Write down every word he says, study your notes, and you'll be well-prepared for exams.
hes very into what he teaches, which is helpful, but his tests are kinda hard
Doug is willing to talk with you, he has insight into that really happens in the relay world, not just school. I'm new to this IT stuff, and he's willing to help. Yea he's kinda difficult at times, but he knows when to ease up. One of the better teachers I've had.
Reasonable - he sets the bar higher than most. This is not a walkover class, but you get out what you put in. Class project is hard since my group didn't work well together, our fault not his. His understanding of the material is good, just don't get behind.
He is a great instructor with alot of real world experience and he knows his stuff inside and out. I learned alot from his class. Read the chapters and ALWAYS participate and you will be fine. You will have a better understanding of Systems Analysis when your done. Hes fun(lots of cool stories) but can be strict. One of my favorite teachers now.
he knows his stuff, class is tough, don't take it for an easy 'a' but good class
good teacher but unfair grader on projects people undeserving get great grades
Helps if you try first. Makes you think...
This teacher is very cool and gives lots of examples and notes. He goes through sample problems for each type of question/problem. I did not even do a problem from the book and still got an A.
Good teacher. Always makes sure you understand the topic. A good challenging teacher, but not too hard. Let's you know what's on the tests, explains everything quite simply. One of my favorites so far.
Good teacher, but he likes to give you problems from left field. Challengingg
Very easy to understand. Tells you ahead of time what is on all the tests!
This class is pretty interesting but there's a lot too it. Expect to do a ton of reading with quizzes afterwards, but only a couple of major assignments. Barton is pretty easy going and tends to make everything as easy as possible, especially if you ask him about it. Go to class, pay attention, and participate, and he'll make sure you pass.
Very smart, definitely knows his stuff. He is quite nice, but not particularly helpful with questions unless you go to office hours (don't email). A lot of writing and reading.
Prof Barton is amazing. He really knows what he is talking about and has a dry sense of humor, it's wonderful. The work load isn't overwhelming and quizzes and such are easy if you do the readings. If you don't you will be S.O.L. but yeah, great class, great teacher.
Really enjoyed the material covered in class. The separate discussion section with TAs was different, but turned out surprisingly well (due to a good TA). Then liked the set up of take home test and if you pay attention to the material and read the suggested reading everything you need for the test are there.
Dr. Barton is probably the best professor I've yet to have at UNCG. He is a great professor and a great guy. He is also very understanding when you absolutely need extensions. He's just great.
Great teacher! Makes learning fun!
great professor. really made you think about how businesses can be socially responsible.
Nice professor; 20-page group paper/presentation is brutal. Exams are hard if you don't exam the practice exams and the cases. Classes are fun and you don't really nee to take a lot of notes. Lots of extra credit opportunities-take advantage of them
Very good professor. Very understanding and passionate about law. You'll feel like a more knowledgeable citizen afterwards.
Great professor. Very enthusiastic about the subject and keeps ur interest during class. Class is worth going to. I learned a lot from this class that can be applied to everyday life, not just in the business arena. I really enjoyed this class.
Very interesting teacher even though I thought class was pretty uselss. Plan on doing a lot of reading. A lot of work, but pretty easy to get a good grade if you put the effort in. STUDY THE SAMPLE TESTS! And I'm almost positive she doesn't read the homeworks or any of the papers.
Awesome teacher, probably the most entertaining class I had this semester. Very enthusiastic about teaching, wish there were more like her....
Very demanding. Warning: Do not take this class if you miss class a lot. She will fail you after 5 absences! But other than that, she is extremely friendly and enthusiastic. She also spends a lot of time on special projects and activities.
A very interesting teacher...haha, the tests were HARD! but the papers and projects made up for it in the end. Although it was a lot of work, this class was one where I learned the most and still remember most of it.
Loves to talk-in and out of class about law
Very good teacher, makes classes exciting
Hard exams, demands a lot, loves law, go to class and take hers!
great teacher and very interesting
Talks very fast, but overall a good teacher.
Howard is the sweetest man ever. He lives off the values of Canada and is very eager to tell the class everything he has ever learned about Canada. It is an easy class but you will learn a lot, even if you don't read. If you read you don't need to go to class unless to take an exam. If you go to class you don't have to read.
A really good teacher. Lectures can get tedious, but class still interesting
He wears blazers with leather patches on the sleeves. He looks like such a proffesor
One of the best on the POS department.
Excellent professor...Tests are be difficult, but the essay questions are really broad...only complaint is note taking can be difficult, its becuase he gives a lot of information in the lectures...one of the best
Howard rocks !
Difficult to take notes from, but that's because he packs a lot of very interesting information into his lectures.
Not too bad. Explains in a LOT of detail but is a down to earth guy!
Humorous, straightforward
very nice guy.
i freakin love jill hamilton. she is amazing and funny and really knows her stuff. this class was somewhat difficult cause sewing isnt everyone's forte, but the people in it and the atmosphere is really awesome. she's really relaxed and super leneant on due dates and stuff and almost never gives a grade lower than a B. LOVE THIS WOMAN!
She is so incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. She'd drop what she was doing at a moment's notice to help us out. Funny as hell with lots of bits of wisdom to share.
Take her if you like going exactly like the book. Wacky and fun, it was a joy to take her class. Definitly an approachable professor
She is a great person and she is great with all of the theatre stuff here, but I don't know if teaching is really her thing. She goes a lot by the book. Our classes are always a lot of fun though.
She is SOOO scatterbrained. Her exams are horrible b/c they are verbal. She is nice, but annoying. Grades hard.
how can you not get an A in this class... go to class, read the book! info a little repetative, but good to know about life overall! good class discussions if you participate!
she was an awesome prof. her exams sucked, but she curved em. nice lady
Great prof very easy
Good online class. He knows his stuff and it is quite interesting. Good class.
Knowledgeable and fair.
Good guy, knows his stuff, very approachable.
Did he drive off of a bridge on the Cape?
easy course and pleasant prof. i would take him again.
A very straight-forward professor. Do the homework and listen in class and you'll be good for the tests. Is willing to help outside of class.
Not riveting material, but she made it fun.
easiest acct class you can have.. tests all MC. extra credit on first test
Public Speaking with her is easy and fun, although I'm not sure I learned very much.
WIcked nice, funny
Ann's a great teacher and the ONLY one I would reccommend for teaching Public Speaking. She's fun and laid back for the most part, but takes her job seriously which is beneficial for the student.
I took public speaking with Ann and enjoyed it. At first I hated the class, but than got into giving speeches. Ann is realistic and knows how college kids are so is chill, but like someone else said, means business. Just go to class and do ALL the work and you'll be fine. I've seen kids who had crazy accents ace this course
Ann is super cool. She's laid back, but she means business. Sometimes she'll ask you questions and, if you're a guy, you'll be lost in the moment as she is perty freakin' hot.
down to earth, easy class, gives extensions when needed
real cool teacher
Liberal as hell, but I got an A, she was a good teacher.
Really cool, but pretty difficult teacher. Great sense of humor.
Focuses on careful analysis of texts & lectures (you have to read!) for his class. He expects quality work and isn't afraid to say if your work isn't up to par if you're slacking off. He's very sarcastic and has a laid back grading approach so his guidelines aren't often very clear. Take him if you want intriguing precepts that make you think.
I really liked Mark. He's very laid back and if he likes you, you'll do well! He's not the easiest preceptor but most definitely not the hardest.
I really like him! Lots of work, but he makes the classes interesting! I recommend taking his class.
Have Taken Haggerty for HON 112 and really enjoyed his style. His teaching style in 211 changed; he believes that the students should be allowed to change things they don't like about the curriculum(syllabus). So when students complain, he doesn't really care. If you read and do all of the assignments you should do well. Got an A-
strong to the left but grades fair, does well proctering class, allows class to discuss topics, will point out holes in your argument, smart
cool guy easy to talk to. the class is really easy, considering its honors. Its really interesting aswell. we dont really go over much, but who cares, easy A.
Awesome teacher! Fascilitates discussions very well and is helpul and informative. Great sense of humor also! Highly recommended if you're taking Honors.
Enthusiastic..."Better to be looked over than overlooked" Notice # of ratings!
avoid him...that's all I can say...taking the class is NOT worth the risk
A communist. Likes posters, papers, etc. I feel like I am in High School again.
Opened my mind to how broken our system is. While everyone else ate up the drivel of the capitalists like Dashaneo, Burke made t clear capitalism was doomed to fail. Now his teachings are a reality as the banking system fails, the rich get richer, and workers are commodities that are easily replaces with low cost Chinese workers.
The class is hard but he seems better than most of the other choices for ECON 103. I did well in the class.
Not going to lie I was scared of his class for the first 2 weeks but the man grows in you with time, he's funny and cares about his students. Small papers due every week and he will roast everyone in class but you'll learn a lot
Bennett had good lectures, during the lectures he told you what was going to be on the exam. He sends out the topics of each question in an email (3 exams plus final - 50 MC) Lectures are better than textbook; he shows you how to solve problems. He is the better professor out of the two. If the TA teaches the class its over for you.
Bennett generally had very interesting and fun lectures that helped you remember test info. The lectures and book cover a great deal of the same content, but Bennett specifically tells you what you have to know for the exam in class. Exams were 50 question multiple choice, had a practice exam and an exam review session.
Much easier than the other option of restisi if you have the option of bennett take him he is the easiest econ professor but still not that easy.
It's easy to follow along with his lectures if you read the chapter the night before. You will be lost if you don't. Skipping class will affect you the most since there are times where the lecture made more sense than the textbook. if your lazy and you fall behind by one chapter it is over for you. Good Luck playing catch up from then on.
Bennett attempts to dismantle the typical undergraduate learning environment by running his class like a symposium. While there is a range of appropriate answers for each weekly prompt, the structure allows you think both economically and logically. Students who have a clear understanding of economic concepts are rewarded.
Okay, Dr. Bennet seems like a really hard professor but if you go to class and read the textbook you will do fine. If you miss any of the exams your final exam grade will count for it and you have the opportunity to (if you feel like you bombed an exam) to write DO NOT RECORD over your scantron before turning it in!
Professor Bennett is great. He draws every graph that you need to know during the lectures. Exams were easy, just remember the graphs and apply them to the concepts. He's pretty sarcastic which made the class hilarious, but that certainly wasn't his intention. Just go to class.
He is a good teacher who makes the material interesting to learn. You have to be willing to put in the work though if you expect to receive a passing grade.
Doc is one of my favorite professors I've had so far at mason. He shows up early to speak with students and ask opinions about class and all. Very understanding, excellent lecture giver and willing to help. Just use your brain and don't ask obvious questions. Read the book, take notes and you will pass. I'd recommend him to anyone
I ended up with a B. read the book, took notes of my reading, did the online quizzes & the workbook problems. He explains things well. 4 exams & drops low exams.So if you're a busy parent or student with a job this might be a lot, but you can do it :) .. BUT if school is your only priority, don't be lazy! Overall, GOOD Prof.
Pretty good professor. I disagree with the advice of not going to class. I got an A and went to almost every lecture. Tests aren't that hard, just pay attention and read the book and you'll be fine. I thought he was an interesting guy to listen to as well. Definitely knew his stuff.
If you do Aplia, not only will you help your grae (25% overall), but you'll also learn the material better then just attending the lecture. Also, definitely get the optional course book. Weeks before each of the 3 exams, he emailed everyone about which problems they should do. I rarely went to class and got an A+ overall.
If you show up, take notes, and do the Aplia on time there is no reason you cannot at least get a B. He is a nice person as long as you speak loudly and use some sense if you have a question. You will not like him if you are not a fiscal conservative. Also, if you are read his books they're really funny.
very clear, makes lecture interesting and is not that bad to sit through. people need to realize that econ is not an easy A, you are going to have to study to get a good grade. yea he has quizzes online but if you do them, which they are that bad, then you will boost your grade and give you a better understanding of econ. great teacher
Not there to hold your hand; he teaches the subject with clarity and expects you to understand the material. If you ask a stupid question, expect some flak, but he will answer it. He is crass, but fair, and only does it to people who are being disrespectful.
Prof. Bennett is a good guy. He has a wealth of knowledge but sometimes looses his students becasue of it. I let my whole grade ride on the final and passed with a B becasie I read the chapters and did the practice problems. Is willing to help you if you have questions and put the free tutoring schedule up before every class. Bennett is the****
Grading is based on 3 tests, 13 online quizzes, and final. Drops lowest test grade, replaces it with avg quiz grade. The quizzes are open book and not difficult. Easy to get an A in and they help to understand content. He's really funny. If you attend class, read the book, and actually look at the suggested problems, you'll do fine. Lots of tutors!
This semester he changed to 4 tests and no papers, so far it's easy. He's good at explaining stuff and tests are either fly or die, just don't second guess yourself and you'll do fine. He replace 1 test grade with bunch of online quizzes, which are easy and helpful to do before tests, I'm pretty sure I can ace this class.
I failed this class so I'm gonna be taking it again next semester. HOWEVER, this guy is actually pretty cool. Hes like those professors you see on tv who off the bat are like "I dont care what you do - you already paid!" It sucks that I finally got the hang of his class literally the night before the final haha. 3 test drops lowest grade, then fina
starightforward.. easy class cuz its an easy topic. not the nicest most outgoing but hes good at what he does... very liberal though.. then again so is whoever wrote the text
No need to do homework. you have 4 exams and that's how your grade is determined. Study for the exams.
Great teacher. Funny Guy. Doesn't put up with people talking/ distracting him. Do the workbook problems he gives you and go to class for the problems he works out on the overhead. He gives hints and is easy to communicate with. Overall, a pretty tough class, but if you put forth the effort, you should be fine.
he is an awesome teacher! He gives great examples and his exams are pretty medium in difficulty, but he basically tells you what will be on the exam...i loved his class, great experience!!
Great Teacher... Come to class; listen; take notes and you'll do well. Tests are multiple choice and he gives you plenty of clues about what to study. Do not talk in class or come late.
I took this course as a freshman and didn't have a difficult time. Dr. Bennett is very clear that he wants his students to be opinionated, but to present and educated argument to the table. Many people may say that he is mean or harsh, but he is actually helping you prepare for entering the job market. Always "DO THE ANALYSIS" (fist pound).
I've never had a course like this before, but I have learned a lot from Bennett who stresses critical thinking and demands that you "do the analysis." He is the toughest critic of grammar I have ever seen, but he taught me a lot about writing. Good course overall, but not for the lazy.
Tough professor who knows his stuff and takes no s**t. don't be late to class. not much reading, but lots of writing -- what you write is important... this is almost an English course. he's blunt and doesn't sugarcoat. If you work, you learn a lot. If you don't work, you lose.
This class is probably the most interesting I have taken so far at Mason. Finally, a teacher who tells it like it is and keeps it real. If you can't excel in this class then you are either an idiot or you just can't cut it in college. One paper a week and no exams, but you really have to think about what you write about. Check it out.
He has a tendacy to lose his temper if people are talking during class, but the classes are huge so just dont get caught. His exams are not real hard, just study more than what he tells you to, and he drops the lowest. Hes funny as hell too, and helpful. I would def recommend him.
He is hard... but he is very funny. If you go to his office hours, he is really helpful. He tells lots of sex jokes and his class isn't too bad.
If you do your work, read the material before class, listen to lecture and take notes, you will do very well with this interesting and entertaining professor. If you slack off, prepare to fail. That's how simple it is. This prof doesn't take nonsense.
Bennett is a brilliant professor who has written more than two dozen books and brings his knowledge and experience into the classroom. He is totally committed to economics and has high academic standards. Expect to work hard and learn a lot. He isn't a comic or entertainer, but he knows his stuff and presents it well.
hes f-in nuts but hes a good teacher... knows what hes talkin about
Response to previous post: He doesn't teach POS 203. Perhaps you are confusing with Ken Palmer (same last name)?
He is the best prof. we have in the Political Science Department and at the University of Maine. Samrt and funny and really cares about students. Go to his office hours...that is where it is at.
Palmer definitely knows his stuff. He cares about you as s student, whether you believe it or not. Not all that interesting of a class, unless you are interested in Plato's Republic. I thought it was going to be something different, but it definitely has its worthwhile moments.
This man is a genius & his lectures are bar none. All his classes are recommended for those that care about a liberal education & learning how to truly think for themselves. For all those out there commenting on his PERSONAL behavior - IT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS! In fact, you're the audience that most needs to take his classes & open your minds.
Palmer is a modern-day Socrates, and he's not one of those "the truth is whatever you want it to be" kind of teachers. He's read EVERYTHING, and he knows his stuff inside and out, so I value his opinion quite highly. Class frequently gets off-topic because he feels compelled to explain things not relevant to class if he thinks they're important.
If the true meaning of college is to gain insight into the meaing of the world around us then Palmer's classes should be required.
Hes very entertaining and has a very cynical sense of humor, brilliant, I learned A LOT about all the books he assigned, good teaching style only drawback is he tends to go off on tangants and sometimes it is hard to figure out what his point is- but his classes are absoluely worth taking- i reccommend him.
Palmer has spent thirty-five years studying the history of philosphy: nearly all the great philosophers from Presocratics to Heidegger; he thinks completely outside the box. And you expect him to live his like within the confines of American middle-class values? Wake up and smell the coffee.
Not taking into account his personal life, this is one of the best professors I've ever encountered. His teaching style makes otherwise tedious material engaging. POS 201 was one of the most interesting classes I've ever taken and that's saying a lot considering the subject matter.
Palmer is one of the most intellegent people I have ever met. He leaves your relationship with him in your hands. Go to his office hours. He's very interesting. Ignore his personal life.
Be there and listen . . . then spit it all back on the test. He is an amusing guy though! Very smart.
He is a brilliant man. Nuff said.
Has a big ego, but deserves it: he's brilliant.
Jessica Miller was one of my favorite professors. I didn't know anything about philosophy, and after her class I had a whole new perspective on life. She's funny, has interesting classes, and ensures good conversation. Show up to class, as sometimes she has in class work that counts toward your grade. Tests aren't bad if you're present in class.
She's so funny--mainly because she's kind of quirky. The class was always interesting and fairly easy. Also, there's no required text and you don't even need to read the assigned materials. Just show up and pay attention and you're going to easily pass. The topics she covers are usually interesting as well.
She is a bit strict on rules, being late etc. But its all in good thought. SHe wants everyone to talk and enjoy coming to class. She really like hearing examples and talking out everything. She makes learning the topics fun and interesting.
This has to be the most interesting lecture I have ever taken at the University hands down. I was always eager to come to class and learn more about the issues being discussed and the creative approach this professor uses makes it even more interesting. I would highly recommend this to anyone who needs an ethics requirement.
Awesome class!
J. Miller is intelligent, clear and pleasant. She can be harsh at times, just roll with it.
good discussions, very clear on topics and expectations
You will know what to expect
I tried this class w/ another UM prof and hated phi,she changed my mind on phi
He is a genius in all that he teaches and shows true intelligence by lecturing from memory. He doesn't test over anything that he hasn't spoken about. The only questions that bother him are stupid ones that regard extending a test because you didn't study. He's been my favorite professor out of all I've had here and I'm a senior.
Greatest teacher I've had so far. Obviously knows ALOT, he seems to teach mostly from memory, which is incredible. I highly recommend this guy if your not an idiot.
****asively knowledgeable about the ancient world, lectures added significantly to the texts. Has a sharp sense of humor that you can miss if you are not. Best professor I've yet had.
Loved History of Jazz. Bregman's so into it and it rubs off on you. Much of class is just listening to music or watching videos. Tests are easy for 400-level, though a bit odd to prepare for. Assigned one paper, some people wrote 20+ pages, I wrote 5 and got an A. Don't over exert yourself, just sit back and enjoy the music.
I loved him... Very smart! He is very helpful if you ask for his help.
I took 5 classes with him in the late 80s and early 90s: Class. Civ, HTY of Greece, HTY of Rome, Greek & Roman Heritage in America, Greco/Roman Myth. His outbursts used to be in Ancient Greek, which were quite entertaining. He made his expectations very clear. He's a genius and a GREAT prof.
Extremely under rated on this site
Best in the history dep.
I have taken both BUA367 and 465 with Dr. Steiger. He is hands down the best professor I have had at UMaine. Not because he was easy, rather, because he was professional, helpful and I took a LOT from both courses. His courses even inspired me to change my focus of study to lean more towards MIS. PREPARE TO ASK HIM QUESTIONS AND FOR GUIDANCE!
Do your homework and you will do just fine, go ask him for help if you need it, make yourself known, dont be shy, not your avg COS211 course...
Has good DB concepts, his homeworks if properly worked on would help to master SQL. I loved the sub-queries, temp tables, and group by-order by concepts. Nice Course!! Maybe he could challege students by giving still harder queries :)
Briliant teacher. Demanding, expects a lot. He seperates chaff from the wheat.
Intelligent,,sometimes sarcastic to annoying point, but good standard to live by
come on guys, he is very smart and I though lecture was fun.
Aww, come on now. Sure he's hard but the man is brilliant and extremely funny!
Great professor.He does give a little bit of extra credit-so make sure you do it! A few small projects throughout, they are not bad at all. He doesn't grade them very harshly. The tests can be tricky, it is imperative that you go to class, take notes and read the book! The "My Development Kit" that goes along with the book is very helpful.Take him!
Great guy, funny. Even in a 3hr class he manages to keep you as interested as possible. Went into the class thinking it'd be boring, but it's turned out really interesting.Tests are medium-hard. As long as you study and go to class you should at least get a high B or A.
I really enjoyed his class. I took it 2 years ago and still remember a lot of stuff from it. take his class, it's easy.
Dr. Foos is awesome! I enjoyed his class..He wrote the book so his lectures are right out of the book. If you attend class, write good notes,and if you want buy the book you can make an A!
The class isn't too boring..he's pretty thorough and makes the stuff easy to understand. Tests are mostly on the book. Sometimes his tests questions aren't as easy as you'd think, so it's best to have a real handle on the info.. Definitely take him. He's a pretty nice guy.
Great Class!!! If you need to take Senior Seminar, take Dr.Foos! The class is great! Just be prepared for class discussion, if you can handle that, then you are set for this class.
He's hilarious! #1 lesson he wants you to take away from class: "It's good that old people have sex!" Dry sense of humor. Tests are pretty in depth, but all mc and straight from the book (which he wrote). I definitely recommend!
nice professor, test are multiple choice, but can be challenging, read to book including the chapter highlights as well as the study questions, these will help you on the test; can do well in the class if you study
mr. foos is a cool guy, he cracks jokes a lot too... this class is easy b/c he wrote the book..BE SURE TO READ THE BOOK and youll do fine
Dr. Foos is hilarious, and wrote the textbook so there's no lack of clarity on his part. I took Summer Session so may have been more relaxed, but I LOVED this class and he's perfect for teaching it.
Fun class to take. You need to go to all classes though b/c a lot of test questions are from lectures. He makes a lot of jokes and makes class entertaining.
Great teacher. You'll learn a lot, but have to go to class and take excellent notes. First two exams are hard, and he makes the last two so easy, so its easy to make a B and A in this class.
This professor taught exceptionally well. With the exception of his weight sometimes interfering with class discussions, his lectures were flawless.
Funny teacher who know his stuff, he wrote the book, the tests are hard but if you argue enough about an answer he might give points for the question
Her class was 50% online. All work was online, including tests. Super easy A if you just do the work. Attendance not mandatory.
Class is a waste of time. If you sign up for this class, I would recommend only getting the book and to remember online assignments. This class is cake. It would be a challenge NOT to get an A. All tests and assignments are online, and material is straight from the book. If you want to learn something take a different course
This class is an easy A if you attend class and read the book. She gets all of her power point notes directly from the book. Her study guide is a bit pointless; however, if you pay attention in class and read the book, there's no way you're not going to make an A. Also, do the moodle activities, which are EASY!!
Easy class, IMO. Tests are easy, just don't screw up on T/F and MC questions because they can hurt your grade quickly. She is very nice, but her lectures can be boring and longer than they need because she ends up rambling. Don't have to attend, but it helps. Lab was ridiculously easy.
Interesting subject material, lectures tended to be a little dull (found myself dozing in the middle of the day). Tests were straightfoward and easy. I enjoyed the class, though.
This class is evolutionary psychology based and Hopcroft pretty much denies the media has ANYTHING to do with the way we behave or think. However, it is not a difficult class.
Hopcroft a very good teacher. she teaches in diffrent ways so everyone has a chane to learn the mtieral. Gives homework & grades it. Explains material well. Go to class and lab easy A,B. The beast professor i had so far.
Professor Hopcroft is a good teacher. She goes slow and makes sure everyone is on the same page. I would definetly recommend her.
Knows exactly what he's talking about. Exams come right from the lectures and his draft chapters he puts on Moodle. Very helpful when it comes time to write your paper for him. Attendance is more lenient than other teachers but you miss alot when you don't come. Good teacher, I'm taking him again.
Just attend lectures and take notes as well as keeping up on current events and you will be fine.
i love him! on his tests he usually has a mixture of multiple choice/essay/fill-in-the-blank...he usuallly tries to take attendance at the beginning of the semester but then eventually quits....teaches from power points and makes it easy to take notes...doesnt really use the books, gives study guides for tests/quizzes....a MUST for poly-sci!
I really enjoy this class. You definitely need to study and go to class, but the tests and quizzes are straightforward. He encourages a lot of discussion, which makes the class interesting. He's obviously very smart-and cute.
Great Teacher. He knows everything there is to know about latin american history. Tests are difficult make sure you prepare by reading all materials.
Tough class if you don't go every day. Love how he has no political bias Rep/Dem, just gives the facts. Essay exams are hard, can't BS them. Great teacher, learned a lot, you get what you work for.
Gosh I hate politics, but this class wasn't too bad. Tests are all essay...kind of hard! He gives you ?s beforehand for midterm, final, and quizzes. Go to class!! Mainly the questions come from your notes. Nice guy
Great professor! Knows what he's talking about. Quizzes are vocab words or people-gives you list of possible questions 2wks before quiz. Does the same for tests/midterm. Quick to respond to email. Doesn't keep tabs on roll after first few weeks, but DO go to class and take notes. He ROCKS!
he is a great teacher that knows what he is talking about and tries to explain things so they are not that difficult. he gives you a list of things to study for the quiz before the quiz
He's a good guy and the tests aren't exceedingly hard, make sure to go to class though.
He's an excellent teacher who knows what he's talking about. Take his class if you are interested in political studies.
Great professor, interesting topics and class conversations, easy tests. Make sure to take notes, don't even bother buying the book. Attendance important, butnot essential.
Very good teacher, KNOWS his stuff! Take GOOD notes because thats all that is on the 2 exams for the class. Quizzes do count!
Good professor, knows his stuff, but bring a pillow
His U.S. latin american class could have been more interesting but sometimes it was a drag. There were definatly too many readings to keep up with so take good notes. You have two exams and a final. Overall good class just be sure to come to class
HARD, don't sleep, don't miss class, do your readings 2x's, cause come exam time you'll be happy you did. Although exceptionally intelligent! Knows his stuff he lived in Chile so dont' try using any fluff in your papers on US-Latin American relations.
Good professor he really knows his stuff tests are all essay, but not too hard
Tests are graded strictly, and are essay.
Writing intensive course, you read chapters weekly and write 6-8 essays throughout the course. Grades depend on how your writing is and fluctuated from low C's to high A's per essay. Ended the class with a low B (84.3), did the extra credit, and brought my grade up to 90.3. DO EXTRA CREDIT!! It helped so much. A great class to take asynchronous.
Super nice guy and pretty funny at times. Bring a laptop or something so you can write down everything he says quickly (he doesn't use PowerPoint) and also have a distraction if you get bored (which you likely will). His tests have a surprising amount of detail so it's tricky to get an A, but you'll definitely pass them if you study.
Good professor overall.
Seems ancient but is fairly well learned on current events and often relates these to the topics learned. Usually says at least one or two things per class that gets a good laugh. Tests are a little tricky and you need to know what he'll be looking for but other than that they are fair. Would take another class taught by him.
Good professor,if you walk away remembering nothing content wise from the class, you'll walk away from the class with two "facts:" 1. Obama is Awesome and 2. Budweiser is not real beer. lol
Dr. Caste is an awesome professor. Explains the topics well. Attend class if you want to do well because a majority of the tests are his lectures. Textbook is recommended. He is a hardcore Obama supporter! :) Interacts well with students, you can tell he likes his job. Highly recommended.
He provides excellent lecture notes ... he is a tough grader on weekly writing assignments.
He's great! Very funny...kind of random, but still an awesome prof. This course requires that we do 25 hours of community service, but other than that and 2 papers, we just have class discussions, read our book, and watch movies. Take him!!
Caste is a fun teacher. His mind wanders about as much as mine does, and that means he talks about enough varied stuff to keep me interested. His tests aren't easy, but they aren't that hard. You need to have a decent knowledge of the subject. Had him for Political Philsophy.
Do not buy textbook, it's not used. Dr. Caste spoon feeds the information to the student. Attend class, take notes, and any student can get an A. He is very relaxed, typically ends class early and makes political phil easy to understand.
Do not buy textbook, it's not used. Dr. Caste spoon feeds the information to the student. Attend class, take notes, and any student can get an A. He is very relaxed, typically ends class early and makes political phil easy to understand.
Good professor. We literally spent maybe 6 classes total going over information. The rest of the class we talked politics. Gave easy assignments, just show up for class and its an easy A, EXTREMELY easy A for a LBST.
he graded pretty tough considering the lightheartedness of the class. i definitely expected an A and totally thrown off with a C! no book, and reading from internet is simple. hopefully he's figured out how to use blackboard by now.
Great teacher. Definantly teaches the philosophers you need to know. Generally relates stuff to real life scenarios which proves to be very helpful on the exams. Attendance is a must though which was my downfall.
HE DOES NOT GRADE HARSH, FAIR AND WILL HELP YOU IF YOU COME TO HIM AND HAVE QUESTIONS. SOMETIMES CANCELS CLASS AND LETS YOU GO EARLY, EASY TO UNDERSTAND
Great professor! His humorous, laid-back style makes for a great classroom atmosphere. He's definitely not the uptight professor type. However, you have to study and take good notes in order to do well.
Great professor, really nice guy. Take notes, ask questions, and you'll be fine. Highly recommended for Philosophy majors.
COME TO CLASS AND TAKE GOOD NOTES. MY GRADE WAS A "B" CONSIDERING I ONLY STUDIED THE NIGHT B/F TESTS. IF YOU WANT AN "A" STUDY YOUR NOTES IN DETAIL AND BEABLE TO COMPARE PHILOSOPHERS!!
Very easy going teacher with great sense of humor. Makes you look forward to going to class. He can be a little tough sometimes grading papers but otherwise I would recommend him.
Dr.Caste is a great guy, his lectures are always funny, and he's accomodating. Point of warning: just because he has no attendance policy doesn't mean its a good idea to skip. He grades based on 3 tests, and the tests are on the lectures. Don't be lazy!
One of the best at UNCC - knows his stuff but is never condescending. Definitely a professor worth taking.
awesome
Cool guy, I got a lot of love for him. Keep doing what you do best.
This is a good one. He knows his stuff and makes it interesting by joking
Professsor Brannon was a delight. I enjoyed and learned alot from her class. She gave great feedback on assignments. She teaches you how to read from different angles and perspective. Those who rated her in the past must be crazy! I read this review before her course and judged her, but I was completely wrong. If you want to learn, Lil is awesome.
Wonderful teacher!! Many find her difficult. Read handouts and show for class!
Class was easy and fun. I learned a lot in this class!
Mr. Settle was an easy teacher that taught me alot
Very cool teacher. Four papers the entire year! Very interesting class discussions that make you want to go to class. So awesome, I am taking 1102 English with him next semester! MARTY IS DA MAN!!!
Awesome professor, mid-term and final, grades easy, very nice! Would easily take again for another class if I was an english major.
This guy focuses on quality rather than quantity. There is no reason that you can't make an A in his class.
Good professor. Easy class if you just put effort to go to class and somewhat try. Easy B.... and A's arent hard to get either.
Great class, just show up for class and you'll be guaranteed a B!
Not terribly clear in class, but she is a tremendous help outside of class. All you have to do is ask. A good teacher who is willing to help with anything.
Good teacher.
This class has really challenged me to think! Thanks!
Easy art credit. Never read the book. Lectures are just slideshows of art that she talks about forever. No quizzes. Just 4 long 100 point tests. Have to write papers about art you looked at from the Milwaukee art museum and art institute. Yeah, you have to go downtown for this class. The TA grades papers pretty hard. 2 stupidly easy group projects.
The assignments weren't always clear and sometimes had typos, but as long as students brought it to her attention she would correct them. Lectures were interesting, but you need to attend to do well on the tests. Otherwise you don't really need to study. She really cares about students and actually wants to meet all of us! Some group work.
Literature of the Sea changed my life. Kail holds the written word in high regard and expects students to use the language well out of respect for the language. Found his comments helpful on papers and although he was a bit harsh, he was fair. Much respect, highly recommend his class to those interested in the subject matter.
class was very boring, a lot of reading. kind of an easy class, grade unknown through the semester. he's really approachable - but very opinionated but rational. funny and nice guy.
pretty good guy
This guy is amazing, he has such great stories, and keeps class really interesting!!!! Great class for anybody looking for a regular gen. ed.!
Really nice guy, interesting lecture, the only thing you really need to do is attend class. Lots of movies so that you don't have to go to class when you watch them. This class was a great way to take care of three gen eds!
The dude is funny, but hes old and talks about sex a lot which is slightly creepy. The class is incredibly easy, just show up and pay attention and you can get an A.
Great Teacher! Class is interesting!
Great guy, great class. He obviously has a lot of his heart into the Vietnam war. He is very smart, relateable, and always open to students ideas and expressions. Kind of surprised they let him teach her, not many are like him. Great guy.
Wonderful teacher--very experienced and helpful, as well as nice.
His comments on my revisions helped me improve my writing a lot.
Makes things interesting, funny, knows a lot about the real world
Great lecturer
He really cares about his students and he curves his tests so much. He hates it when people get bad grades and are upset or stressed, so he makes sure to NOT give you a bad grade, and he doesn't give all that much work either.
Very up-to-date. take his course
For a class that was as tough(for me) as calc was, Dersch was able to get the material across and was excellent when it came to teaching the concepts and why certain tasks can be done. Along side with that, he was able to make the classroom feel like a comfortable space and provided nice comic relief during lectures.
As a usual A student, it stung to get a B+, but I know that I know the material inside and out. Dersch is a tough grader but not unfair. He can be intimidating but he is actually very caring. I'm taking him again for Calc 2, and I may be screwed grade-wise but I'm actually excited to see how all the little pieces fit together. Fascinating class
pretty good.
He is a good math teacher, but very boring. His jokes suck, like most math teachers'. Make sure you do good on your homework because he grades it right and wrong on everything. That's what killed me the most in his class.
John Dersch is one of a kind. He truly cares about his students. He expects a great deal from his students. If you don't plan on working hard, take calc with nancy forrest. He has great examples in class. He's pretty easy to get a hold of outside of class. He can go a quickened pace. He has a rather dry sense of humor. Overall my favorite teacher.
He tells us that practice is very important in calculus. He really means it and it shows. Difficult course, but he's very fair about it and approaches topics in a way that makes them interesting. Take him if math is your forte or if you're really hoping to master the material.
Haha where did that picture come from?
Mr. Dersch is a very good math teacher. Very literal teacher, uses real life experiences to explain mathematics.
He's definitely a hard professor, but if you need to learn math, this is the man to go to. There's almost NO possible way to misunderstand what he's teaching. Attendance isn't mandatory, but missing class will set you back quite a bit. The tests are hard, but the exam final is very easy compared to the tests.
Hard professor but good deal for someone who really want to study. Homeworks every weeks, test is easier if you do homework regularly. Hard to get an A in the overall course. Xtra credits are not easy to get but not that hard. Work hard, put forth to understand things and your mistakes, you'll be more than ok!
He is a smart instructor but don't take his class unless you want to LEARN math. He is challenging but helpful and always knowledgeable. Take him, you'll learn or your fail.
Best instructor I have had k-12 or in college... hands down. Has a true love of math and it shows. Highly recommended, you will learn a lot!
Although he goes into a lot of detail at times, Mr. Dersh is great at working out hard to understand problems. He is also great about working around schedules and working out a time to get his students help. -Thanks Mr. Dersh
Hard tests, lots of homework, projects; but you'll learn a lot.
Go to class and do homework! Don't forget those projects!
Clear, lets you know what going on, but tests can have (bad) surprises
Very hard, must do homework, learn a lot
Dr. Combs class was pretty simple. We weren't required to attend class on Tuesdays but it was mandatory that we were there on Thursdays. As long as you participate in class, it is fairly easy. She gives a lot of grades throughout the semester so you have a lot of opportunities to pull your grade up. She is very sweet and knows her stuff.
She talks very fast and covers a lot of material. Study and you will do fine. She is very knowledgeable and friendly. One of the best professors at the University. You will learn a lot, granted you attend class and pay attention.
I took Dr. Combs for both INTL Law and Terrorism, and she is great! The class is only hard if you do not pay attention or care. She is extremely helpful, and obviously knows her stuff. Take every class from her you can!
The class wasn't as revolutionary as I'd hoped... being social and political movements... but it taught me a lot about the gov't's role in creating distractions more recently, which I thought had been entirely the people. She teaches well and understandably and she is excited about it. Go to class, answers test questions, which are blue book.
No idea what all these people are talking about. If you go to class and read a little you will be fine. In fact, I only outlined the key words on her exam reviews and got an A in her class. Just takes a little effort people, it's called COLLEGE!
She is very nice and smart, but she isnt the best teacher. I could never follow her and her tests are very hard. I like her class but dont take it unless you a really ready to work hard.
Excellent Teacher. One of the best in the department. Her upper-level exams are difficult make sure you prepare by reading all assigned readings. She is always willing to help students when they have questions.
She is such a nice lady and a very good professor. This is not an easy class, but she is so smart, it is fun to come and listen. Go to class and you will have an A.
very smart lady however her classes are extremely boring!
She's good and I like her as a person, but sometimes she's just too busy.
Very good and intelligent teacher. She makes class interesting by being open to student comments. She's also very considerate of her students and will work with them to help better their grades.
Very good profesor.
Dr. Combs makes her finals optional in all of her classes!
Dion's a great teacher. He moves really fast, but he knows the material and teaches it well. His exams can be hard, but he wants you to do well, and is willing to help you. Thick accent usually isn't a problem, you know?
Very good teacher, very funny, thick accent but that's OK.
Great Prof! Long Live the Greek! The "Vlachos Show" is , you know, great.!
Hard to understand, but very nice and approchable. Says "you know" a lot!
One of the best math teachers that I have had at Delaware. Her handwriting is not the best, but if you ask, she'll repeat it. She also says sometimes mispronounces her words. Her homework is very helpful and you can easily refer back to your notes of how to complete them. Her tests are a lot like her homework, but a bit easier. Go to class!
She is great at teaching, makes things clearer than the book! just watch out for her handwriting, its out of control... but its not that bad
Excellent profesor, class starts out fast; however, it gets easier as it goes. Office hours help a lot, relatively easy tests.
extremely nice and helpful. can go through topics fast, doesnt assign much homework, and has unlegible handwriting at times but take her, study, and you'll do well.
The best teacher
Heavy accent, tries to make sure everyone gets an A.
excellent professor
very helpful and understanding
Go to office hours it will do wonders for your grade, and she is really helpful.
she rocked my world you know she did
A very nice lady. Unclear at times, but if you seek help from her, she will offer it to you. I recommend a different math instructor for clarity's sake. Jumps around a bit and makes errors, but knows her stuff. Easy class if you're already familiar with material.
Willing to help those who ask, I reccomend :-D Good teacher
hard class, but she teaches it to the best of her ability. I think she may be losing her memory in her old age, but this only causes minor errors which are later corrected. Wonderful person always willing to help.
Definately knows her stuff and how to teach it to others. Very tough but that's because she makes sure you know your stuff. Just do your homework and study for tests and you'll do fine.
Good teacher
He was a good guy. The material is excessively dry so staying awake is a challenge but he tries. If a majority of the class fails a question he throws it out. Quiz almost daily so go to class. The tests aren't hard, just study your quizzes. Dr. Hunt likes to joke, and make small talk so don't be afraid to approach him. Didn't buy textbook.
Not a easy guy, The worse professor I know in my University.
Go to class and take notes. She says the textbook is important, it's pretty useless because she tells you what you need to know. Pay attention to court cases and why they're important, but other than that the exams are easy.
Uses powerpoint & shows videos--very interesting material -3 tests/grades are more than fair-final isn't cumulative-explains things very thoroughly & gives examples (case studies)
She is nice but class is borning. She shows too many videos. Does not go in depth enough and the final is tricky. Most test questions from class notes.
She teaches from power point, videos, and the book (sort of). Doesn't go in depth. Go to class to get the notes, talk to your friends the rest of the time. Class is easy other than that. Enjoy it though, it's the only Mass Comm class for undergrads.
Easy Class, She graded easy too.
gives a lot of work but grades everything easy, good teacher, knows her stuff
Several very interesting classes. Lecture material is great (if you like history - I do!). He looks like Abe Lincoln, but don't let that scare you away. His classes were all very interesting and he obviously has a passion for history. The class is easy if you listen to the lectures and take notes. Don't try to walk in an ace an exam w/o effort
Easy prof.Have to read a lot. Go through the review thoroughly. Two exams consisting of multiple choice, identifications, and essay. His lectures are interesting, shows lots of videos related to time perraiod.Lots of extra credit opportunity towards final.
I took him for the first US history and hes real cool. you dont really have to come to class if you dont want cause you can get all the info out of the book if you want. juat study the reviews on the sylabus and you will do good. its fairly easy to get a B or B+ if you want and A it will take a lil more work but still easily achievable
Dr. Mintz he's a GReAt teacher!extra credits toward your exams;I would highly recommend Dr.Mintz. he's really passionate about what he's talking about and his lecture is VERY, VERY, interesting you can never fall asleep in his class.There one TA that grade better harsh; but if you study you should be fine.(hint:you should read the book)
Dr. Mintz is a great lecturer. I have always hated history, but I looked forward to going to his classes. He made history very interesting and helped you understand it by showing video clips and telling stories. I think the TAs grade kind of hard on the test though. I put in quite a bit of work for the first test and made a B on it.
I DO NOT recommend taking him because you only have 2 grades--2 exams. But he is very easy-going and interesting. He knows his history really well. Attendance is only mandatory because of his lectures and no textbook needed. He is very clear on what you need for the exams though.
Easy class, all you do is take notes study the guides he gives and you will pass i made Bs on his test they are multiple choice and essay. You will learn in this class, can get boring but hes a good guy
Mintz is the best. Hist TA Albert is very helpful and hot. Stay away from Clayton (other TA)he is not helpful at all.
he only gives you two tests so if you slack off just a little bit then you are screwed. his TA, Clay, is horrible, avoid him at all costs. He gives extra credit but noone really goes to it cuz its always out of the way and boring. If you want a little room to make mistakes which i think everyone needs, dont take this guy's class. otherwise hes cool
I personally love Mintz.. he's so clear and I honestly hated History before this year.. but he makes it really interesting. The TA, clayton, is annoying as hell.
Adding to what that other guy said; he is cool. His TA, clay, is a d!ck.
Decent professor. Likes the simpsons. Doesnt like cell phones. shows gory film clips. only 2 tests and he gives you a review sheet thats on the syllabus. His sidekick, clay, can kinda be mean. I would recommend it.
This teacher is amazing he is so intense and you learn things you never knew about history, test are kinda hard but he gives you the study guides and those questions are on the test. You watch lots of video clips :)
He is an awesome professor. In almost every class he would show movie clips to go along with his lectures. His tests are easy as long as you study.
Excellent professor. Class flies by!! But study if you want an A!!
I thought I hated history until I took this class. I would like to take one of his upper level classes. Excellent professor - "on fire" about his material, knowledgable and entertaining. He speaks loud and fast a tape recorder is helpful to t
he's a badass teacher. don't read the thick book, just memorize end of chapter questions (definitely on tests). take good notes though. the best histoy prof. would take hime again if I had to. plus he looks like abraham lincoln
Although he can be funny/childish at times, one must be warned that he can switch quickly into being a jerk. Depending on his mood, he can come across as quite abrasive.
very good class - must read all the material and come to the classes. If you do that, you're golden. If not, it's your fault for not doing well.
really nice, makes things interesting, tends to ramble about really dumb things
It was absolutley hilarious.. it was awsome
Great professor, very interesting...you have to do the work do well in his class though.
Even though I thought the tests were very hard, this class was great. Roscoe is really funny and the class is very interesting. And he does add a lot of points to test scores so bad grades can end up looking quite a bit better.
Everyones favorite teacher, but personally I fall asleep in the class. Maybe it is becuase it is my 3rd time doing it(only first time doing it for credit though). With that said, a little too much reading, but the reading is good.
The professor is a riot. He has all these really fun stories. His is the best large lecture class I have ever attended. His British accent is sexy. If you do all the reading and pay attention in class, it is an easy grade. I got a B- with very little effort.
Funny. Smart. Entertaining. And lots of test questions get thrown out. I would recommend his class even if you aren't interested in anthro
Great teacher. Classes can be rough to sit through sometimes, but they're mostly worth going to, the review sessions help a lot too. Jim is really nice and he has an awesome curve on tests. If you do the reading you will do well on the tests.
Awesome class. Great sense of humor and makes the most boring material fun. Last class definitely makes the entire class worth it. Tests can be a little difficult even if you do the readings, but fair on grading. Quite a bit of reading too.
Great Professor! Knows his stuff. Will admit if doesn't know answer. Very funny. Last class is a riot! Pretty fair on test grading.
Great guy. Very funny and intelligent. Tells great stories in class. Covers important material, making it worthwile to go to class.
Class was a blast, the british guy is funny, awesome teacher, a definite taker
Best class ever taken. Very funny and interesting. Really enjoyed it.
A little sketchy, but the class is entertaining-
Tests are hard, even if you read and go to lectures,great class, recomend
attend and read the texts & the tests are a cinch (i got a 104) great class
tells great stories about the zany yangoru boiken! what a guy!
He is entertaining, and the class is interesting, but the tests are a bit hard.
he looks like the guy on The Nanny!
Very funny man, lectures are entertaining as well as educational
This course was easy for me and he was very clear in his instructions. 3 tests and 1 essay, online, open book. Gives you a lot of freedom in your learning method.
All of his classes are set up the same. Easy A
This class was the easiest I have taken so far, but also one of the most interesting. This professor is very easy to access since it is an online class. There are three exams and almost all of them can be found online. I will be taking all the other online classes taught by him as they are all set up the same way, just graded on three exams.
I took this class online, but it was the easiest class I've ever taken. The entire course is graded by three online tests and 95% of the answers can be found by simply googling the question. He gives you tons of online resources, videos of him lecturing, and there is even a book that goes along with his class. I didnt use any of these and got an A-
Took it online. Wasn't bad, lectures could be extremely long, but as long as you get the gist of most of it, you'll do fine on the tests. Another very intelligent man. Reading assignments weren't too bad, if you're interested in the material. Overall, not bad, not wonderful.
Lectures were a bit long and can be hard to pay attention to sometimes. Overall, the tests weren't bad at all, and there were no other assignments in between. Good intro class.
Intro to Anthro- BORING- read from his own book which we had to buy. If I had known he was going to read it to me, I wouldn't have bothered buying it. Very easy to pass his class though- study the vocab!
Do not listen to majority of these reviews. If you do you work and do what she asks of you, you should be fine. Her criteria is very specific and it is not hard to do well in her class if you actually try and do your work. People who don't do well are those who do the bare minimum. Her classes aren't hard as long as you do what she asks of you.
Very well prepared and knowledgable
Classes are just lectures, tests and final are taken at home. As long as you show up and take notes, you won't have an issue with the class. She didn't bother to learn anyones names so don't bother trying to get personal with her.
she is not of this WORLD:)
I took Calc in high school so this class was fairly easy for me. If you study her examples and the quizzes you should get A's on the exams. I rarely did the homework cuz she doesn't collect it or check it. As long as you take good notes and participate in class you should be fine :)
Kathy is a good professor and lets the students learn the material. She is always willing to help and answer questions. Language is sometimes a barrier, but overall excellent teacher!
Callahan was the best professor I had for my master's capstone class. He is the reason I am looking into pursuing my doctorate in Accounting. He doesn't just give you an answer, he explains why that answer is important.
Simply the best.
He is a good professor, DO your HOMEWORK and you'll be OK. I failed the same course with Suminski but got a 3.2 with him and finally understood the material.
Callaghan is brilliant. His lectures are very dense with information and even though I got straight A's in my undergrad program, I sometimes have trouble keeping up with him. Lectures are very long but he is a very animated speaker. Gives full credit as longs as you turn assignments in. Grade is very heavily weighted to the research project.
Good guy. Lectures can be dull but if you need help and ask for it, he will help you out a ton. Really knows his stuff because every question I asked, he always had an answer right away. The test and quizzes are hard (averages in the 60s) but he curves a lot. Not a bad or tough class.
A TOUGH class, but he curves a TON!!! Mid-term was curved like 20 points...Not good at explaining things b/c he reads straight from power-point, but willing to help after class. Excel quizzes SUCK even he admits it.
Knows his stuff, but expects alot out of students. Good for classes, you want to major in, not blowoff classes.
I felt that Callaghan was a good instructor. It is true that his tests are challenging, but you will do fine if you put in a decent effort. He tends to go too fast with his lectures, but he will slow down if you ask questions.
Great teacher. If only every professor could be like him.
It will not be the easiest class but there is no reason to believe the hype. He is a really good professor who knows what he is talking about if you pay attention.
Tough, but fair
She was effective in learning how to speak in public, I learned a lot. Although, she is very blunt sometimes and tells it like it is. For any freshman taking this class it might be hard with her. She will stop you in the middle of a speech and tell you to sit down if you are not doing it correctly, embarrassing for most!
Easy class, I learned a lot about the do's and donut's of public speaking and its going to be useful in the future. Very conservative and vapid, but a very nice lady.
SUPER easy and boring prof, and crazy conservative. she's real nice for the most part, but treats you like your in 1st grade. she wont even let her kids say the word "fart", thats how ridiculous she is. so i made it my mission to test her and make my speech topics controversial and kinda dirty just to see her reaction. you do the same! its funny :)
An easy class and a great teacher. She's helpful in telling you what you need to do to improve, and grades very lightly. Very nice lady. I'd definitely recommend.
Very nice lady and understands what students are going through. Has a tendancy to ramble on though. She will go out of her way to make you feel comfortable. No final and only 2-3 quizzes. Come to class and youll get an A. Get to know her.. it helps
Good teacher, relaxed class. Learned something
Donna is a great lady. Not a very good teacher compared to my other experiences. Easy class, make you feel real comfortable. Recommended...
Very nice and understanding. Easy class.
Very sweet and understanding lady..stupid attendance policy
Easy, speeches weren't bad, fun, she was nice & helpful
Great class, stuff any one can use in any job
Dr. Paulik's classes are all super hard, but he doesn't make it that way, it's just the subject matter. He's an awesome professor and he takes the time to help you if you need it. He really wants you to understand what he's teaching!
Dr. Paulik expects a lot from his students. If you want to distract him start talking about cows or the process to make beer.
Difficult teacher, but he truly cares about his students, no matter how much he tries to deny it.
There is kinda a lot of reading involved but but all the tests and assignments are easy
Super easy, he didnt care too much if you didnt make it to class, the stuff u had to read, u got to watch movies for, so it was easy if you actually came to class, one of the easiest classes ive ever had
Lectures are light & easy to follow. He often skips steps during calculations so its often difficult to follow along but if you ask him, he will help you. He is VERY hard of hearing so you have to yell to ask a question. Overall, good class. Keep up with the work and you will do well. He allows exam redos which are very redeeming & helpful!
The aforementioned response regarding his errors in copying from the book to the board is true. However, Dwyer is more than willing to work with students. To the advantage of the class, he graded extremely liberally. I'd recommend him!
Easy enough class, you can do homework while reading the chapter. Quizzes are on the same material weekly. She gave the class enough material to be successful, but at the same time hands off. She will not send reminders for due dates since we have the calendar function now.
You do the reading with an assignment and exam each week, also you have some discussion posts. Not a hard class, if you do the practice Qs you should be good.
Each Module: 2 comments for partcipating points Wiley HW,after 2 attemps they provide answer with solution so all hw should be 100% Quiz: Multiple choice on quizlet and written ?'s are almost identical to HW aasignments Exam: like the quiz but more questions Save all ques from HW, quizzes, to get an A on exams A few other assignemtns worth 10pts
I was nervous to take this class online knowing how hard I heard accounting is. But I survived. This prof is straightforward. If you do discussions, the online wileyplus hw and quizzes, youll be good. And she offers extra credit. I barely passed Bc I didnt even try honestly. If you try you can get an A. She is a nice lady. Taking her for acc 202
TOOOOO Much of homework with short time period. Due dates arent constantly a single day. BUT take her if you wanna learn Accounting , not for an A.
This class was quite challenging and you CANNOT procrastinate! Mrs. Randall is VERY helpful and passionate about this subject. There is a lot of work, and you have 1 week to complete everything so use your time wisely! The DB's were great because you can help each other out with the material. Extra credit was offered so I HIGHLY suggest to do it!
One of the best accounting instructors at Schoolcraft. She knows evertything about accounting and can teach you a lot. She does not talk negatively about students and is very positive. Accounting is a hard subject, expect to be challenged. Her exams are hard, so study hard. Ms. Randall allows students to express themselves, please be brief.
Mrs. Randall is the best accounting teacher I've had! She is nice, helpful & funny during lectures. She always reviews for quizzes/test. The class is a lot of work, but as long as you keep up with the homework & studying you'll be fine (:
She expects a lot. Lots of homework, quizzes, tests. She makes sure you know the material.
She is an excellent teacher! Lots of work but, worth it. She offers tons of extra credit and take home quizes. I really lerned a lot and did well.
Mrs. Randall is an awesome teacher. She's got a BBA from UofM and masters from another school, so she knows what shes talking about. She really wants to make this class interesting for you. She's funny and jokes a lot with us. Test's aren't too hard either. There is a lot of homework; you dont belong in this class unless your ready to work hard
Great teacher!! really loves to teach! class is hard and moves quickly but learned a lot!
By far the best accounting teacher at schoolcraft college. If you want to know the material than take her. She assigns lots of homework but every accounting class has lots of homework. Great person with nice personality. I had her for ACCT 202, 221, and 222. Again great teacher!
Michelle is an awesome teacher!! She does what she can to help students understand the material. She does assign a lot of HW though but you can get easy points for doing it all. It will help your grade out if your not a good test taker. Dont expect this class to be a breeze though.
This class is not the easiest but her teaching is good. I recommend her class it really fast paste class. Seemed like everytime i finally understood what I was doing in one chapter the nexted started. Overall a good class though.
Honestly I didn't find him that bad. He will teach material for a test up the day before a test. I got screwed on a test because I skipped and missed the lesson. I went to his office hours and he actually helped me a lot and I started doing well on his exams. He also made printed copies of pages from the book so I didn't even buy it.
I would have loved this class if she had used a different online homework system. Cengage is confusing and hard to use, and I missed a few assignments just because I couldn't find them so I would highly recommend triple checking every arrow so the same thing doesn't happen to you! There's a quiz every class but she's pretty easygoing.
Had her for my honors sequence. The class has a LOT of reading which I actually did like none of and did fine. Honestly, when it came to your grade, as long as you could smile and nod in class and read just one of the works and write a paper, you do just fine. Her lectures are a little boring but she's very caring and sweet.
I love Profesora Wright! She is so nice and goofy. She assigns a lot of reading, but this is a literature class, so it's to be expected. Just make sure to talk to other students, as you will be doing many group discussions and projects, and they are your greatest allies in trying to figure out what these texts mean. I would take this class again!!!
Be prepared to read a ton and talk a lot in class. Go to her for your papers, it will payoff. You get out of this class the same amount that you put in. She's super nice, fun, and approachable. She leaves after the first semester though :(
Very educated in the subject matter and also willing to help. If confused, attend office hours.
You have to do a lot of reading, but her discussions in class were not hard. You were on your own for paper topics, but that isn't always a bad thing if you run it by her first. She was extremely helpful with papers if you took the time to go to her office hours. My favorite teacher of the semester.
She was incredibly helpful, and really nice. I just wish we spoke more in the class. We had a lot of writing assignments (and she's kind of a tough grader), but she's more than willing to help at all times. Good professor overall...
Excellent professor. Passionate and nice. She is VERY EASY and very straight forward with what she wants you to know for the tests. The only criticism I have is that her accent is not very good. She treats you like a friend. Take her if you can!
Dr. Wright is awesome. She is so laid back and loves what she does. I want to take Spanish classes just to have her again. Have fun with her, beware Dr. Coolidge (think cr/nc for Coolidge, seriously).
grades hard but she is always willing to help, very friendly
hard, but is very nice and extremely willing to help you
This man is great all around! He's very knowledgable. You can tell he cares a lot about the subject and his students. Lectures are warm and fun. You should do most of the reading but if you have to skip some here and there it's okay. Moderate grader. Nelson is wonderful.
Nice guy and very knowledgeable about the books he assigns; will have ten quizzes that are really easy if you do the reading; 3 papers that make up 60% of your grade
I took Search 201 and 202 from him and he is awesome. One of the coolest professors I've met at Rhodes so far. His class is somewhat challenging, but he makes it interesting. No exams but you have 3 papers. Take this class.
Very easy but be prepared for class.
It is unfortunate Dr Rima retired. She was classic old school.
Kind of rambles in class sometimes but is ALWAYS willing to offer extra help, very good teacher if you utilize her.
A very motivated teacher. She wants you to exercise your mind and learn alot from the class. Her assignments are complicated and very detailed but you learn a lot from each assignment. Plus you can use the knowledge she is trying to pass on to you in other areas of study. Overall she expects alot but is willing to work with you.
She is very intelligent and helpful although challenging. I went into the class blind and came out renewed. However, this class will make you work. I think it's worth it though
I hated english classes, before I met her. She completely revitalized my writing-- I could never figure out the correct grammar, before. Fantastic teacher, one of the best I've ever had.
Very willing to help you out, if you make the time!
Let me tell you this: Dr. Ba's class is NOT easy and taking it as a freshman, it's very much a weed-out course for Polisci majors. She is a tough grader. Now, that aside, I loved it. She is a fantastic teacher and very passionate. U.N. simulation was one of the most fun things I did in my academic career. Take her class, but be warned with grading.
This course new and it is hard to describe, but if you like Asia, security policy, and regional relations, you'll like it. One midterm, term paper, and questions about the reading, but it is not overwhelming. Her lectures are interactive and engaging, and she loves when you ask questions or bring up topics. She expects a lot but isn't unreasonable.
Prof. Ba is an amazing and smart person, but a very hard grader. Our semester is made up of 4 grades (2 exams and 2 essays) reducing the margin for error. If you want to pass, read every article and every Speigel reading (you'll thank me later.) Come to lecture and office hrs bc they ARE helpful. PSA: IF YOU'RE NOT IN THE MAJOR AVOID THIS CLASS!
Great professor. Our class was in a pretty big lecture hall but she always asked for participation. She made you want to give your opinion and think critically about different subjects. Never avoided calling on people even if you sounded like a 50 year old chain smoker like one girl in my class who demanded to speak at every possible opportunity.
Great professor, tough grader
She's my adviser and I had to take the class. She's tough, that's for sure, but she is also passionate. I need to take another class of hers still, and I know it'll be a struggle, but in a good way. LOTS of reading. She did offer extra credit opportunities, but the final grades were very unclear and never posted. If you want to learn she'll teach.
Prof Ba clearly loved what she taught, but sometimes threw her own personal political views in there and made the lectures kind of redundant. The readings aren't important for class, but they show up on the tests so make sure you read them before the tests! Her TA grades papers and often times you can't understand that comments or what u did wrong
Dont take if you have a full schedule b/c readings take time. Must submit at least 2 discussion questions based on readings 8 times over the semester. Doesnt post slides online so absolutely go to class. Must write 4 out of 5 4pg papers based on readings. Really smart and helpful, but difficult if you cant dedicate time. 1 midterm & final
Prof. Ba was one of the most enthusiastic professors I've had so far at UD. She clearly likes what she does and conveys the information clearly. Mandatory attendance was required for the UN Simulation, but overall it was fun. She makes an effort to get to know you, especially if you volunteer in class.
The best professor in the world. She knows everything about everything, and is extremely passionate about what she teaches. The class had a really interesting UN simulation at the end, which was definitely a lot of fun. Ba's really hot, too.
do the readings for clarity, other than that her notes from class are really good...exams multiple choice and short essay...i thought it was easy, but you need to study and read. UN simulation was fun and easy and helps boost your grade
There is an excessive amount of reading but she's an awesome teacher. Don't expect a lecture but rather she tries to stimulate the students to think on their own. She knows her stuff so you can't **** her in class. Participation is vital to a good grade.
Ba knows what she is talking about. Students who aren't interested at all in IR might find the class hard but I found it easy. You have to read to understand her lectures. Exams are relatively easy long as you studied the readings. You learn a lot of theory in the class. The week long UN simulation at the end was suprisingly very good.
She's a great professor who LOVES her subject!LOTS of reading. On exams she expects you to contrast the authors' arguments and use as support for your ideas. You have to name the authors specifically, so you have to read for a good grade. PARTICIPATE IN CLASS! Don't be shy--helps grade A LOT
Good class but a LOT of reading! i'd say I read over 800 pages for this class and I NEVER read! Hard material but great fun teacher. Research paper was very demanding and she is a hard grader. Overall the class was difficult but I would have to say I learned the most in this class than any UD class.
man this class was really hard, somehow i got a b but i had to do a lot more work than i would have liked to. shes very enthusiastic and also knowledgable and nice, but the workload is immense
Pretty good professor. She's very nice and personable. Boring lectures, but overall it's a good class. I recommend it.
Amazing professor! Gets students motivated to learn. Not necessary to do any readings although they are helpful. I read a total of 20 pages over the semester and still managed a B+. Go to class and take good notes and you will be fine! RECOMMENDED!!!
Took the class because my advisor recommended it. Some topics were really interesting, but the guest lectures were really boring. Case studies were not to difficult, and the simulation was really awesome. Study in order to do well!!
good class, test questions are vague though... many dumb students took the class
She is great, very fair, class takes work but worth the effort
I love Dr B! She has a great style: lectures on Monday, lab (where you apply what you learned on Mon) on Wednesday, and the project isn't due until the following week. There is lots of opportunity to ask questions in class about the projects, but I would recommend making some friends in class. I learned so much!
Fun class, especially if you know how to program. She is super nice and easy to talk to, explains things well if you have questions. There is a textbook, she doesn't care if you have it or not. If you want the book, DON'T buy it, there is a free PDF online. Homework only if you don't finish your program in class. Make friends in case you have ?'s.
Zenia is a great teacher. She is passionate about making sure everyone understands what is happening. Her projects are in line with the skills you need. On Tuesdays, she lectures and you learn a new concept. On Thursdays, you get a project. She gives you all weekend to finish the projects. Overall, I would recommend.
She's fine, it's better to take this class online with her. Do your stuff early and take her extra credit.
Took COSC105 online during the Summer. Loved that you can work ahead! Class consisted of easy busywork assignments, short multiplechoice quizzes, and discussions. Offers easy extra credit. One thing is that she has rules like you must submit things in Word documents (no Google docs) and her APA citation style is different than any other I've seen.
The class itself is not too bad. We had weekly assignments and discussions like any other online class. She was very clear on instructions, almost too clear sometimes. A lot of the assignments are busy work but some of them can be interesting.
Pretty easy, THE BOOK IS VERY NECESSARY. Projects were pretty easy, but lengthy. Do not wait until the last minute for whatever reason. She posts homework, projects, etc. a week in advance, take advantage of that.
A similar 4 credit course at University of Michigan covers all of COSC111 and 211 material in its first 9 weeks. EXTREMELY slow pace, thus an effortless A. Nevertheless, Dr. B is always willing to help if needed. There are extra credit opportunities in every exam and most of the projects. Each opportunity awards up to about 3% of the grade.
She's a good professor, and it's an easy class. You'll probably fall asleep and drool in class though. DO ALL the projects, the quizzes (too easy and many times open note), and some extra credit, and you're golden.
She's a sweetie and lots of fun, but due to the subject matter, you might fall asleep in class. Don't worry. The coursepack includes all the Powerpoint slides, the homework is straight forward, the projects are easy and there's LOTS of extra credit. Do all of that and it won't matter that the exams are full of trick questions.
I loved this professor. For a very boring subject she tried her hardest to make it interesting. It's true the test are crazy no matter who you take. but I got an A in the class anyway. I highly recommend her.
i had this class last yr-- it's decent considering how boring the material is, she's a nice lady and will give you extra help if you need it. the labs were very easy, and a lotttt of extra credit was offered.
EXTRA CREDIT LIKE WHOA!
This teacher/class is very easy as long as you come to class and do the extra credit. They make the tests seem so hard at first and it's true that the most common grade is a 60% but as long as u do all the homework and the extra credit in the labs u will be fine. Teacher has good sense of humor but i don't think anyone can make this class fun.
Class was boring, but super easy. So much extra credit is offered. Got horrible grades on the tests and still got a 98% in the class
She was so easy
Very good teacher. Makes things fun and tries to relate to the students. The material can get boring, but if you come to class and do the extra credit you can get an A even if you bomb the tests.
very understanding
This prof is VERY good. She runs class at a steady pace. Some may take that as difficult, especially if they are lazy. You have to put in work for her classes, but you actually learn. That is the point, right?
She is a very nice teacher. Her lectures are kind of boring, but can get a good grade.
Very good teacher. Would love to have her again.
One of the better COSC professors in the dept.
This class is CAKE! I took his 100 course too & its the exact same but you just write a 1page essay that you bring on test day and its 5 points. The KEY to getting a good grade in this class is MEMORIZE the practice exams/watch the online lectures/video exam reviews. This class is not only easy but you learn a lot of interesting things!all online!
SO EASY!!!! Read the 8-10 page "book", watch 15-30 min lecture and do practice quiz a few days before the exam and you will ACE it! Make flash cards and memorize the practice exams. Ended up with an A... so easy its crazy!
Online is cake!materials online.If you studdy the week of the test you'll be ok. Study the Lectures he has for each chapters and MEMORIZE the practice exams, exactly like test,only 4 tests. Make sure to do the extra credit before the test and MEMORIZE it so you can get an easy 10pts right off the bat. I did that for every test, got 99% on the final
I took this class online during the summer. I didn't take it seriously because I am a math major and have no interest in Natural Disasters. However, this class is easy because 90% of his exam questions comes from the practice exams he posts. It just can't get any easier than that. 4 exams, 4 double spaced, one-page essays.
Girty is straight to the point. Goes over detailed lecture slides with a lot of information. Has a good sense of humor. I would take him if you are trying to avoid the annoyance of crashing other classes and getting physical sciences ge out of the way. Lots of memorization. Class is accumulated out of 4 exams. Got an A- by studying his sample tests
Great class, everyone should take him, he is a genuine human being who honestly cares about what the students have to say. His class is extremely straight forward, study the study guide which is very similar to the tests, and watch the videos. Take the lab along with it as well.
This is a great class. You get what you put into it. Since the exams are VERY similar to the practice quizzes, make sure you study those. The class is NOT that hard. Yes you have to memorize a bunch of wacky terms and rules they have, but its no different from any other class. 5 stars from me.
i studied the night before everytime(online class)..and i somehow managed to get a b in the class... never did good on the tests...but he gives a lot of extra credit.. tests are on saturdays..A LOT of reading needed for this test but if you do the practice exams, you will pass this class
Online study material very well organized. Pay attention to the videos and MEMORIZE the practice quizzes: the questions in the three exams were very similar - if not equal. Three essays: use your immagination, do not waste your time "googleing" the topics, they are easy.
Dr. Girty's online class is the most well-organized online class I've ever taken. The content is very detailed, but necessarily so. If you make use of the helpful on-line materials (text, video introductions, practice texts, test review videos) with the appropriate amount of studying and effort, students can excel in the class. Interesting, too!
He has a website that has all the material. Don't have to go to class at all except for exams. There are 4 exams. Got a B+ only because I failed the first exam because I had the wrong date. All the questions are from the study guides but he might word it differently so memorize all the questions. Cramming the night before exams will work.
very easy prof. i never went to class and still got an A-. He puts everything online so attendance is not necessary. Just memorize the practice exams and you will be fine.
RIDICULOUSLY EASY CLASS! you get every answer online to study at your own pace. I screwed up and was very lazy n pulled all nighters before each test n got a B in the class. dont recommend watching the lecture because his voice is tiring, just rewrite practice tests as notes n you have yourself an easy class.
TAKE THIS CLASS! Honestly, you don't even have to go and he doesnt use a text book. Everything you need is on a CD that only cost 15 dollars and he puts everything online so you can do it on your own time. There are practice tests that make the real tests super easy and he offers lots of extra credit on each test. I loved it! If you're good at me
Take him! His class is really easy and is generous with extra credit points so take advantage of it! Study the practice exams and you should be fine. Did I mention you don't have to go to class? But it helps to go once in a while. He covers some extra credit answers in class.
dont have to go to class ever. just study the online practice tests before the exam and you will do fine. no need to buy the cd he tells you to because its online for free. the final is kind of hard but if you do well on the first three tests then the final doesnt even matter. easy A
I took the online class and read/took notes on my own about 2 weeks before each exam....cake walk!!!!! He gives practice exams which are basically replicas of the real tests. Easy class and can be interesting.
This class is the EASIEST class I have taken at State. If you want an EASY GE class take Geology 100 with Girty. Class is REALLY interesting and very easy. You dont really have to go to class, but I went everytime. Has a review session before every test where he tells you what you need to know. EASY CLASS!!!
If you don't get an A in this class... you don't deserve to be in college. All you have to do is study the practice exams at the end of each chapter. Those are the tesst! He curves the test scores too: my lowest score on the tests was a %98.5. Take this class. EASY A.
super easy class. i never went and got an A-. the exams questions are based off the practice exams. the textbook is a $13 CD. you can print out the practice exam and study from that and get a good grade w/o even going to class. only 4 exams and theyre not cumulative. hes a nice guy but i wouldnt reccomend sittin in the front row..breath issues!
Great teacher who wants you to pass class - took it online bought cd studied practice exams for a couple hours night before test got a B - very simple if u read the practice tests multiple times
can describe how easy the class is...if you can memorize. take the online class and memorize the test questions backwards and forwards. there is a study session before each test when he gives extra topics you need to know...know them and you will most def get an A....not mention there is always extra credit or a curve on the test. TAKE IT
The teacher is super laid back and a really nice guy. Lectures are optional, but on some of the more difficult chapters it helps a lot to go to class. Tests were fairly easy, but there is a small amt of math and chemistry (semi hard). Overall, pretty easy and a relaxed class. Can copy notes from CDROM he made, dont necessarily need to go to class.
Really cool guy. Material is a little difficult but he gives you practices exams online which have the questions nad answers similar to the exams. Take online class and you never have to go to a class, just read material online at your own schedule. Overall a really laid back guy who helps you out.
very easy class, study the practice exams and go to lecture before the test and you will know what will be on it. Lectures optional and no homework.
This guy is crazy and full of energy at 9 in the morning If you memorize the practise tests and know them well you can get an B in the class easy But you are used to getting A's in school take this class for credit no credit so the B wont pull your GPA down If you want and A go to class & study test
Great teacher... very clear and he knows his crap... He is a very fair guy and tells it like it is!
can't get any better than online classes. i think i've seen the guy twice this whole semester. exam questions are straight from the practice tests included on the cd.
Class is on CD Rom-$5. Straight forward tests come from Practice Exams.
field trips to Santa Monica Mts.
Overall great professor. His class is a little boring, but I don't think that is really his fault. Takes a lot of time giving students feedback, even on papers that are not graded. Easy to talk to, willing to fix a problem, and is able to admit to a mistake! The only thing I didn't like is that there is so much homework, but so little is graded.
Go to class, do your work, don't expect to be handed a good grade, and you'll do well. Remember to ask questions after speeches! You'll want those points.
Keeps topics fresh, willing to help students become better writers, interesting...
I don't remember the section but I took the first part of his American Lit. class and I loved it. A lot of people said not to disagree with him but I beg to differ. I did well in his class and we have very different views. He loves you if you keep an open mind, speak up, and get involved. He was one of my favorite teachers at MCC!
Biased and closed-minded; will chew you out if you disagree with or challenge his opinions. Otherwise a good lecturer...be warned: he randomly asks questions of students. Interesting character.
When you take a class with Jim Fatka you learn a lot.
Good teacher, very particular, fairily easy to pass.
The man is very smart and loves to challenge you to think about things from every aspect. A skill that is very helpful. He can come across a bit gruff but he does care about his students. He does not tolerate laziness, excuses, or those who don't help themselves. Then again, I agree.
very knowledgable about writing (and a jazz expert, too!)
Dr. Eder is like the grandpa you want to have. He will say that you need the textbook, but you really don't. I didn't take the lab so you may need it for that though. All quizzes and exams are open note and easy to pass if you use ALL of your ONLINE RESOURCES.
The lectures are mandatory but he gives note outlines to make it easier to follow along. The class is graded on just the quizzes and exams, but they are open note and you can use the internet which makes them a lot easier and most of the questions are from the notes. The final exam had mainly questions from past quizzes and exams too.
This class was somewhat boring with him just talking the whole time. The attendance is mandatory and important. He doesn't make the class too hard if you take the guided notes he gives out.
Easy course. Many people take it for an elective science because of it being easier compared to an extra Chem or Bio. Prof. Eder does a good job explaining everything, because it is his passion, but his lectures can get rather boring. It really is kind of one-sided communication in the classroom, but his fill in notes is a big help for passing.
For a lecture-focused class, Professor Eder makes the subject matter pretty palatable. The Skeleton notes he provides keep you engaged, and he doesn't speak fast enough to leave slower Typers/writers in the dust. The chapter quizzes are all take-home and open notes, as are the exams, which are pretty stress-free. Knowledgeable, but also humorous.
The class is basically just lectures and quizzes/tests. The quizzes and tests are all open book/resources though, so it's not too bad; tests do have a time limit though. His lectures are kinda boring but he can be funny. He also normally lets class out 15 mins early.
A very kind man who is a great professor. This class is hard, but what you need to pass is always found online wink wink. I wouldn't take again only because I personally wasn't interested and lecture is the same thing over and over. If you are taking the lab portion, sit with a GENIUS or you are screwed, it is so hard, not worth the risk probably.
I took this class for a natural science credit and I do not regret it. It was only made up of quizzes and four exams, which were not too bad. The quizzes were worse than the exams. Attendance does count though, but he uses tophat. The lectures are easy to follow.
For this class your only grades are tests, quizzes, and attendance. The textbook isn't necessary for the even though he'll tell you it is
I got an A- in this class but did almost no work or studying outside of class apart from the day before tests. His lectures can be pretty interesting and he cares about his students and how well they do in the class. I took this as a science elective so I did not take the lab, but it was a very easy class for the science elective IMO.
Easy B without doing a ton of work. Tests are not super easy but with some studying you can do okay. Quizzes for every chapter; do them, make 100s, and youll be good. If you want an A you will need to put in some work but this is a great option to get a science credit. Class is actually really fun and interesting if you like to learn about weather.
Dr. Eder is a cool guy who is very passionate about what he teaches. He likes showing the weather in Raleigh at the beginning of class which is always a nice way of tying in the material to the real world! The tests are exactly like the study guides, just different questions. You definitely have to study, but if you do you, you'll be fine.
I was going into this class knowing that I had no interest in the topic, but needed a "Free" natural science elective and it kind of is. His practice tests are basically exactly the same as his actual test. He gives you his lecture notes, just study the notes and the practice exam and you'll be fine. I didn't study that much and ended up with a B+.
Do not buy the textbook. Mine was $50 and I used it one time. Other than that, this class is super easy. You don't have to pay attention in class too much and as long as you study 1-2 nights before the test, you can get an A. Our final was postponed because of snow and so he made it optional. What a homie. He's also super funny so that's a plus.
This class is good if you are just trying to get a science credit. If you study the notes, you'll definitely make an A. His notes are fill in the break and there's never homework, only quizzes every now and then. He's also pretty funny and is passionate about meteorology. He tries to make a lecture as interesting as it can be.
Good choice for a natural science credit, very respected and is passionate about the class material. Sometimes lectures can drag, but does his best to make it interesting. Tests and quizzes are not too difficult if you pay attention and take notes in lecture. Very clear with his expectations.
Prof. Eder is very passionate about this class. He's funny, understanding, and wants to have his students learn but isn't overbearing about it. He gives all formulas (which are very easy) on the tests. Definitely take this class if you need a natural science credit. I'd take it again with him for sure, he's great!
DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK. You don't need it. Otherwise, decent class. He does make it harder than your average 100 level but it's not impossible. Lots of notes already laid out for you and if you actually listen to the lectures it helps a lot. He's a funny guy and understood when I missed a few classes and a test and helped me make it up.
Tests are very difficult and so is the material. Especially if you're not inclined towards science.
Not quite sure why everyone says the class is hard and he is a bad teacher. Yeah, he can be a smartass but so what? Tests are super easy and require minimal studying. Just go to class, stop being lazy, and you'll get an easy A+.
He's very reasonable and clear about what you need to study and do to do well in the class. He gave constant reminders of weekly homework. Lecture was long, but he provided notes ahead of time that had blanks so you can fill them in as you go during lecture. The textbook he requires is even an old edition because he wants his student to save money.
Professor Eder is a cool guy, the class however is boring. You're most likely taking this class for a GEP credit, and it's definitely an easy A. Attendance is mandatory, but you can sign in and leave and still end up with an A. The tests require a few hours of studying, but it's no more difficult than your average High School class. Just try.
Fairly easy class, he's a sweet, witty guy who tries to make the boring material as interesting as possible.
Class was funny and interesting. Must study figures in book in order to do well. He gives you guided notes to fill in during class but doesn't post them online so you must attend to get them. He uses clicker questions to take attendance and a lot of people usually leave after that. Tests are easy if you know how to study for them.
He gives guided notes that you fill in during class. Online Quizzes for almost every chapter based on notes. Tests aren't difficult if you study notes. Attendance is checked though 'turning point' clicker quizzes (not graded). Super cool guy! Easy class.
Funny teacher. Very enthusiastic about what he taught. Overall had a really good time and enjoyed being there. Just study the notes and you'll be fine. No need for the book honestly.
Dr. Eder is a really cool guy. I agree with the post before this - DON'T BUY THE TEXTBOOK! I haven't used it once, and most of the information he teaches is basic. He's a bit of a bore, but he is relatively engaging and always lets you out early.
I liked him a lot. He always canceled class for Thursday football games which was nice. He lets you out of class early almost every time. The tests were not that difficult if you studied. I personally think going to class was important and I benefited from it. Overall it was a good class and I would take it over again!
I really enjoyed this class. I guess it's boring for people who aren't that interested in weather, but if you have an interest, I'd def recommend it. The tests are pretty easy, you really don't need the text, and Dr. Eder is pretty helpful for a guy who's got other responsibilities.
He is actually quite interesting and fun. I was expecting some kind of environmentalist hippie, but he was actually funny and cool, and he taught the material very well. It's not a tough class at all, just show up, pay attention, and do his homeworks and you'll do fine the tests.
GREAT PROF! Had her for two classes and i'm taking another for next semester. papers are weighted the most in your final grade but she lets you revise them as long as you come to her office. Quizzes are tricky, but not worth alot, same with the midterm/final. Must participate and attend class but she's great
She's a great Professor, I've had her since I was an undergraduate at SHU. She tells you what she expects from your papers etc. You should definitely seek help because it shows to her that you not only take interest in the class but you also want to excel in class (this is usually for every teacher). Make sure you study her NOTES for quizzes.
Her sense of humor is quirky and intriguing; anyone who cannot understand it is not intellectual enough for college. She is eccentric and can be a bit intimidating, and she expects work to be done, but if you put in the time and effort and know you belong in the English department you will succeed. You cannot ask for a more supportive professor.
I loved Dr. Weisl! I only wish that I had her for my senior seminar. She is an amazing teacher that I greatly respect and admire. :)
lots of fun!
She is such a great teacher. She truly cares about her students.
Great lecturer, passionate about his subject. Expectations are clear. Gives frequent reminders from syllabus during class. Encourages his students to think, write and speak like historians.
He is actually a pretty good history teacher, he made his lectures very remember able which has helped me have a better understanding of history. Hes really strict with his rules and some are dumb like no computers in class. but i liked the essay tests instead of multiple choice, graded midterms too harshly for a 100 level class.
If you show up to every class everyday and take good notes you'll do fine. His class definitely wasn't an easy A, you really have to do your work both in class and outside of class. All his assignments are essays, which if you have a lot of notes will be easy to write. He always lectures so sometimes it can be hard to pay attention.
Prof. Estes is one of the top 3 professors I've had at Oakland. His class isn't a blow-off, but if you do what he asks of you, you will come away so satisfied with what you've learned. He's very friendly and professional. If you don't like doing a bit of work, he's not for you. But if you are willing to put forth some effort, you can't go wrong.
Excellent professor, very enthusiastic about subject matter, extremely intelligent.
Excellent teacher in upper level courses. 114 & 115 students are too immature to comprehend COLLEGE level history. He is the reason I became a history teacher. I have utter respect for his intellect. He pushed me harder than anyone else (English major and still only got 3.2's on his papers - and he thought that was GOOD!). Excellent professor.
this guy rocks. he holds interesting lectures and you actually want to participate and go to his class....if you do show up, chances r you wont have to study much and will do fine on his test.
Class is kinda boring. He has a passion for history that he wants his students to appreicate. LOTS of reading. However, essays are not complicated if you put some effort in. Not a bad course. Go to class or you will not do well he remembers names and faces!!
Dr. Estes is very well prepared, clear of what he expects and easy to please. i showed up for class once a week for a M.W.F course and i walked with a 3.5 Sll of his exams are take home essays and you have a week to complete them. He is very easy and the work load is extremely lite.
This class was a waste of my time. It's easy, sure- but I want a challenge. He lectured almost completely from the books. Nothing new and noteworthy came from his mouth. It's true, though, he is hot...
He is so intersting! He says that his class is hard, but it's not! As long as you try, and write good papers you are set. He's also hot in like a weird dorky way. Either way, take the class!
He makes the class interesting, good guy
nice guy, easy class
Professor Langlois made Japanese history fun and interesting. He is a very down to earth teacher and makes himself available to students. If you are at all interested in Japanese culture take his IS 220 class!
This class can be dull at times but he makes it as interesting as possible.He is entertaining & funny.He shows a lot of movies and brings in a lot of things to look at.He realizes some material is boring and tries to spice it up. Tests are killer but he helps you out on the points. Take notes!!!!!
This guy is, in his own words "kick ass!" I always wanted to go to class, he is funny and makes Japan interesting. Take notes in class and you should do fine on the tests. You have to take an IS class anyway, I highly recomend this one.
Funny, interesting and take notes and you will be fine.
He's a great teacher and really know his stuff. He is willing to take extra time and help you outin his Japanese Language classes if you are struggling.
who is lisa langlois?? anyone know if she is any good??
If you're willing to learn what you need to know, he's about the best teacher you can get. He teaches thoroughly, and if you're willing to do you're part, he'll reward you.
Don't take him lightly or he will bust your ass. But he is usually a very fair grader. Just don't slack off and screw around, or you WILL be killed.
Pretty easy class. Used a lot of movies and Japanese items in class. Interesting for the beginning Japanese student. He's also quite funny, so laugh if he says something funny.
This guy is awesome, I knew his class would be fun from the 1st day! Really tries to make the class interesting and has tons of funny stories. Tests are hard, you have to memorize everything, but you'll have fun while learning it with him!
Easy, but must take seriously, he gives humor, not recieves
Not an easy class, the regular exams are not bad, but they only count 12.5%. The homeworks are very long and only count 5% bonus. What sux is the final which is 50%. He is a very kind professor. Don't email him, it takes him 3-5 days to respond to it.
Good class, not easy, but cool. Good teacher
He's better than the rest of these reviews make him look. He teaches pretty well. Solid state is not all that hard. I don't like him much. He was a jerk to me. :(
He's a good professor, Do your HW and you'll do great in his class
hasan's alright. he LIKES students
Great teacher but the material is very hard. He makes you learn.
Challenging, makes you learn the material, not an easy A
he is a nice guy, smart, but very shy, u will get an eassy A if u do the homework that he have in the library.
ultra knowledgable about subject, very hard to follow, avaliable for questions
At first I was skeptical about her, but she is a very knowledgeable women and if you do the readings and participate in discussion you're golden. She challenged me like no other teacher has and to her I'm thankful. Don't expect an easy A. Go to class, pay attention, and do your work and you're good to go!
Only take this class if you are an extremely good writer. She grades very hard and you must read all the books and come to class prepared to discuss or she'll murder you. I would take it if you have the time to dedicate to it. I wish someone had told me how extremely hard she grades. I got a B+ but went to office hrs all the time & redid my papers
Didn't use the textbook. Large amount of the grade was based on your final paper, which he lays out for you. the class is pretty open ended and he teaches you about real life and not the textbook material.
Lemme tell ya if you want you can just do all the group work, use an old project spiced up, take part in his rigged contest that the kids always win and get an automatic 100 on the final, etc. You dont learn much but if you use 25% of your briain you will get a 3.8 or higher!!! VERY EASY!!!
good professor. He is fair, and he takes your effort into account when grading. He is very knowledgeable and gives good advice with matters out of class. Recommend.
Super easy. I did the final project (12 pages) on the last day and I still got a 3.6 in the class. If you did pay attention in class, I guess you could learn something but I did not. Very easy.
If you are looking for an easy going professor Dix is the man. There are a lot of group work even the main project which is 40% of your grade. All the exams are take home, and he usually cancels the final if you and him voted for the same group on the last group presentation.
The class is a lot of lecture and it does get boring. Several group assignments which are simply for extra credit. Mid-term is take home, he cancels the final. One very large project which is a majority of your grade.
You might as well call this class group study because thats how all the work is. You barely have to put in any effort to get a 3.5 or higher. Just show up to class and boost your GPA with this prof.
The only way to make this class easier than it was is to give a 4.0 before the class even started. I didn't learn a thing from this class but also didn't have to do much in it either. Take this class if you want an easy 4.0!
Very easy. Joked around a lot. Carefree nature. take-home exams. let us out early all the time. handouts. everything you need to know is in the book.
Go to class everyday, do the in class projects and you'll be fine. Mid-term was open book open note. Class was easy but you do actually learn something.
Very easy class. Although I recieved a 3.7 I learned little. He will teach you what you are willing to learn. I had it in summer and was lazy. You get what you want out of the class. I highly recommend him.
I received my only 4.0 in the class.
She knows her stuff & teaches based on concepts. 2 projects, no hwk, no qz, 2 exams, study the pwrpoints & u'll do fine.
I took the workshop, and it was total hell. I thought it was just a study grout to support your current pre-calc... I was DEAD WRONG! it was another math class all its own... I got a 3-point something w/ Prof. Tsui (Who is notorious), yet i got a lower grade in this clas because of the sheer hardness.
I felt like I was back in high school. She is a decent teacher but is a REAL tough grader, which makes it hard to like her. Overall, don't take this class unless you're good at math.
She is a great teacher. She teaches in a way you can understand. She enjoys math and is willing to help you enjoy it or at leas understand it.
helps alot, speaks english very well, tough class but worth it cuz it helps pass the class thats if u work hard.
Many writing assignments but all were returned fast and with good feedback. Each major essay had an opportunity for a full rewrite. There was a noticeable amount of improvement in my writing over the course of this class. Burns is an insightful man who brings up good points in class, but I felt like I already knew much of what he was talking about
Professor Burns is a great professor. Be prepared to do a lot of work, as he gives responses each week. There are 9 in total and only 8 must be completed. Professor Burns also gives a total of 5 papers that must be completed. There are no exams, which is made up for by the amount of work. Classtime is easy and usually ends early.
Don't take this course if you don't like to write. Weekly writing assignments on random things. Every 2-3 weeks there is a research paper. Final paper is a tough time as well. He allows rewrites on the research papers but it is still a lot of work. He is a nice guy and even asked us how to improve his class. He is chill but the work is hard.
He's a very tough grader but overall great guy. He's pretty funny and is interactive with the class. Just make sure when you're writing your papers that you know what's expected and what he's looking for. Not my easiest english class but he definitely helps in the long run
Theres a lot of papers but it is an English class. If you actually want to learn then take this course, but if you just want to pass then dont. Hes pretty clear on what he expects on papers. Burns also allowed rewrites on four of the major papers which helped. Class discussions were interesting and funny
Always do the assigned reading! He seems intimidating at first, but he is actually really nice and always will answer your questions even it is not about English. He also gives good advice and his lectures are really engaging and help you look at things in a new way.
Burns comes off as rude and strict but he means well and cares for his students. We had to write a lot of papers but, he lets you rewrite 4 of the major papers and the in-class discussions were interesting. He's very funny and sarcastic.
At first I was very intimated by professor Burns & he came off as kind of rude. I almost considered dropping the class & taking another professor but I am certainly glad I didn't. He is a very smart guy & his class discussions are very interesting. It is a lot of writing, but if you put in the time and the effort you should get a decent grade.
He brings up interesting topics and he allows rewrites of papers, which is very helpful. However, he assigns a LOT of papers. He also doesn't teach much in the ways of English in my experience. I know a lot of people in my class struggled and a decent amount of students failed, but if you put effort in you'll be fine.
Overall a pretty good teacher. Is always available during office hours and responds to emails rather quickly. His class is very interesting and brings up a lot of engaging topics. I suggest him as a professor, but DO NOT take him during winter if you expect his class to be easier. He has the same syllabus in winter as he does in the fall & spring!
lots of LITTLE papers, but it helps you write good. Rewrites on major papers. In our class ONLY graded on how good the argument was, never on liberal or consrvative. work with him and youl go good.
Burns is a great professor overall. He lets your re-write every single paper so it's pretty much impossible not to do well in his class! I would definitely recommend taking a class with him.
Ok, so Professor Burns can come off a little harsh sometimes but he really is a great guy and an awesome teacher. He lays out all of his expectations and pretty much lets you know everything you need to do in order to do well in his class. He likes students that participate in class discussions too. You will do well in this class. Recommended.
Mr. Burns is a really cool guy, and his grading system is very fair. The honors section for E110 was definitely a lot of work, but in the end it was worthwhile. The journals got tedious, but he graded them fairly easily as long as you put forth effort. I would definitely recommend his class. He is really passionate about the subjects he teachers.
One of the best teachers I've ever had. Easily best at Uof D. He Makes the class very interesting with class discussions and he is very passionate about what he teaches. Take any class he teaches
Burns is a very interesting professor who made The Politics of Science Fiction an enjoyable class. The lectures often make you think hard about opinions you haven't had challenged before and he will respect any opinion that you can defend well. While his grading is fair, this class is not an easy A and there is more writing than in most other e110.
what's to not like? the class is interesting, he lets you do rewrites, and he's there if you need him. Oh, he does ask that you think.
This was a good class, and he's a nice guy. Rewrites for papers means you can get a good grade. He'll listen to your ideas if you can back them up.
Class discussions are interesting always. All papers but you get a second chance to rewrite them and bring up your grade. Overall a good class- Go to the writing center-he likes that and you will get a better grade on papers-
really cares, papers, no tests. must have been cute 20 years ago.
Kind and helpful, really cute!
Great professor! Long lectures, but he is sure to keep them interesting. His tests were difficult, but he is always willing to help out. He does not takw attendance but will give the exact answers to essay questions on exams during in class discussion. Very discussion based, but will not call on you if you don't have your hand raised.
Professor Wolfe is really intelligent and is great at teaching the material. Attendance isn't required but it is crucial for learning as notes aren't posted all at once. He is by no means boring and one of the first professors where I have paid attention the entire class period for the entire semester. Only downside is, the tests are tricky.
Professor Wolfe was my favorite professor this semester. He is highly motivated to teach the content, is very open to student's opinions, and wants you to succeed. If you have the chance to take this class I highly recommend you learn so much useful learning tactics and the class is overall very enjoyable.
Very smart guy. Makes learning easy and is very good at teaching. Highly recommend.
I had Professor Wolfe for PSY101 and overall, it was a good class. There are 4 exams including the final and they were all pretty difficult! If you dont read the textbook, you wont get a good grade on the exams. Not a bad thing, you just definitely need to study a fair amount in this class. Overall, I would take him again!
This class is 90% lectures, but I find them very interesting because the way Wolfe presents the content. He will always bring up the textbook, even though there's very few test questions from the book. If you miss a lecture, get notes, because writing lecture notes down is how you'll do good on tests. He also assigns some readings and papers.
MAKE SURE TO READ THE BOOK!! Tests are a mix of lecture material and textbook info (not discussed in class). Weekly pop quizzes are given, but you'll get 5/5 as long as you turn something in. Participate in experiments as early as possible to get them out of the way.
Prof. Wolfe is a sold choice for Psych 101. He is a good professor and is very knowledgeable. Be prepared to do lots of reading and take lots of notes. The tests are tough, and sometimes it's hard to say what's going to be on them. He has pop quizzes once a week. They are just for credit and basically boost your grade if you show up to class.
He is a good professor and loves what he teachers. I wish I would have studied more for this class. He lectures in a way that is easy to understand. He doesn't have very much homework though, so that's nice. I wish he would've given are tests back, but he only lets you come look at them during his office hours.
I loved this professors take on things. Does not do boring lectures. In class goes through experiments done and then talks about what to take away from it. Does have pop quizzes but is an easy grader on them as long as you show you know some things from class. A few tests that are pretty hard but the rest of the class assignments are easy As.
Professor Wolfe's class is generally easy. 3 exams, one paper, and 2 short assignments. He generally gives full credit if you do the assignments. Most exam questions come from material talked about in class (not in book) so if you want a good grade you have to come to class. Plus he gives random 5 easy point worksheets about once a week)
He is a very good professor, he loves what he teaches and it shows. I have heard the tests are hard, my advice is to read the book and take the little quizzes after each section. Other than that just pay attention in class and take notes!
I really liked this professor. He was always very nice and energetic about the lecture. He mainly talks about experiments, but it is helpful to read each chapter. The exams are tough, but definitely manageable if you study - especially the lecture notes. There is one quiz per week, but he doesn't announce which day it is on.
He is very helpful, but the exams are very very hard to pass. All of class all he talks about is experiments, he doesnt ever talk about the book, but expects you to read every chapter. He rambles a lot and gets off topic
He was a very nice person and I really enjoyed the discussion based class. The tests were all based off of lecture notes, I actually stopped reading the textbook halfway through and didn't have any difficulty. His tests were very very tricky because of multiple multiple choice as opposed to content.
Very good professor. Took him for the capstone class. No textbook, but about 3-5 articles to be read each week. Each article also needed 2 questions/comments pertaining to the article to be turned in on Mondays. Discussion based classes over readings. A rather involved presentation with paper to follow. 1 exam over readings, and no formal final :)
Class was boring. Read articles and discussed them. Questions were due by Saturday morning via email, since it was the weekend I always forgot and missed about 30 points b/c of it. Graded easy on midterm but hard on oral presentations...don't get it. He was occasionally funny, which helped. No textbook = awesome.
Good class and a lot of great discussion. Make sure to come to class. Research findings are shared that you are tested over and that are not in the book. Exams are kind of difficult if you don't come to class. I highly recommend doing the questions to review every week.
Great prof, very straight forward. Grade based on 3 exams and 1 paper. You need to attend every class. His tests are mostly lecture based and you will need to do the reading outside of class. Make sure you read the textbook knowing he will ask concept type questions. I did fine.
This class does require you to read and attend class. You need to take notes and study for his tests. But if you do that and the articles he assigns you should do fine.
Very intelligent and makes it very easy to understand material. Lectures are boring but a lot of test material is from his lectures. Read the book chapters as well. Article summaries are easy and tests aren't too bad.
This class is HARD. His tests are difficult but the papers do help your grade a lot. He cares about the students, making sure you understand the material. He can be kind of stuck up and believes he is right about everything. overall, he is ok
Really nice guy with a good sense of humor. Fair work load for the credits given. All powerpoint lectures are posted on blackboard. Paying attention to the experiments will help you on the tests.
He was a very helpfull professor, always willing to answer any questions that you had and able to meet with you if his office hours didn't work. No study guides for the test, but if you read the book and go to class, you should be fine without one.
He is a very good prof!! He cares about the students who care about the class. Those students who choose not to come to class are the ones that think the class is impossible. Come to class and study a little bit and you should do OK.
overall a good prof. no study guide for tests, so it is hard to know what to study. 3 multiple choice tests(final is not cumulative) and one 2 page paper(simple). if you want to learn a lot about different studies done about learning he is your man!
He is a very nice prof., he was more willing than any other prof. that I have had to work with you. He is just a really nice guy.
an ok class. i had it at 8am so it was a little boring, but good. he's funny and grades fair. no homework, 3 test, and a paper. easy!
If you think his class is boring, try speaking up a lot.He is soo much more fun when the class is active,the kind of prof whochanges with different types of classes.Good, solid prof, very knowledgeable, very helpful if you need it.
Boring, Get notes off BB, skim book, go to class. not terribly hard, fair.
good prof. skim book, go to most classes, have COMMON sense, great class. fun EC opportunities. interesting & helpful guy.
Not the most exciting guy, but really knows his stuff, and wants you to know yours. Take him if you want to actually apply what you learn.
Nice Prof! Tests are easy if you read the book.Doesn't take attendance.goodclass
Good class, the type of course that is challenging in a good way
Lectures are helpful and well organized, but you must read. Tests are tricky.
Boring class, but not hard. One of the best psy profs I've had here though.
Pedro!! He's great! He goes off on tangents, but gosh if they aren't the most hilarious and interesting stories I've ever heard. AND he's HELPFUL. Seriously, if you're struggling, just go talk to him.
Pedro was my prof in queretaro, mexico. He is the BEST. He pushes you to excel even though it's a lot of work. He truly cares about his students and does not permit slacking. He is entertaining and down to earth!
He was a really cool teacher, his rants were funny and could easily take up half the class. The material was harder than i expected for first semester spanish, but i had a good time.
Great professor! He does require hard work, this is not a blow off class. But if you are interested in really learning, he's a great teacher.
Great guy with a great personality. Fun class but you have to participate. Covers the material real well and doesnt push it if the class is struggling. Cares about all his students. Definately take his class if you get the chance. Tests are basic, nothing crazy. Hardest part is the group presentation/skit at the end of the year which isnt too bad.
He is a pretty funny guy, but the class moves very quickly. Expect to struggle and study a lot if you've never had spanish before, but if so, it's an easy A. Participation is a must, so plan on being in class often. Very helpful professor, and makes class interesting - a good thing at 8 am.
Very helpful. Has a good knowledge of the spanish language, and is cuban. He is funny and entertaining, yet is very effective in his teaching style. He told his students attention well.
Dr. Eve Lynch is a kind teacher but she does expect you to do the reading and there is a lot of it. Because I am a slow reader it made the homework very time consuming. But I also found the class to be very interesting and I feel like I walked away knowing a lot more. In class can be very interesting or slow. It depends if the students are talking
Great teacher! She is very knowledgeable about background information pertaining to the periods in which you are reading- this helps you a ton on your written exams so take notes about what she says during discussion. She will definitely push you to write at your best, but she is very encouraging.
She expects you to know your stuff. God forbid, people! Seriously, I liked this professor. She is a no nonsense lady, but she challenged me. I appreciated that. She's brilliant. I'd take another class with her!
I am not a English major so I passed with a C but she is very tough and will give you a challenge. I think she is a great teacher for English majors
I have had Lynch for five classes at both the grad and undergrad level and as a grad and undergrad advisor. She is very knowledgable, but will not stand for stupidity. The only students dislike her are those who cannot survive in REAL college classes. I
She demands a certain level of studnet involvement and quality.. She brings o out the best in the laziest student.... she's an A+
Dr Lynch is extremely interesting and intelligent and I must say I almost always disagreed with her, but argued my points well and got A's from her. She also was extremely helpful when I was having trouble narrowing a topic for a paper. Took 4 classes.
I've taken 3 classes with her. She is a very tough grader, but still a fair grader. Whoever says she grades based on whether she likes you probably missed half of the classes. You may take a lower grade then usual, but you will will learn so much.
Bielecki is one of the best professors I've ever had. I took his class for Philosophy of Education in Fall 2014 and it was amazing. It is true that he has very high expectations. Don't take his class if you want something easy. But if you truly want to learn and are willing to put in the work, the return on investment is priceless.
Professor Bielecki is incredibley misunderstood. His teaching style takes a great deal of "getting used to" but if you take your time to read the book and participate in class discussions, you begin to understand how effective his teaching style is. His class was, by far, the most challenging class I've ever taken, but I do it again if I had to.
Can be intimdating at times, but is very GOOD at returning emails. Don't be afraid to ask questions in class because he gives extra credit for paticipation. On exams can use the book, a dictionary, and notes even on the final.
This class isn't a course in which you learn by reading or following a lecture. This is a workshop. He is a tough critic but his advice and feedback is extremely helpful. Just attend and participate in lecture and you will do fine.
Hes unconventional and he makes you think in different ways. I still think about his class and his teachings, even after graduation. Hands down one of the best, and toughest, professors at East Bay. Take him and be prepared for the most memorable lessons of your college career.
He weeds out all the kids who dont want to try. Hes intimidating on the 1st day, but relaxed by 2nd week. Hes specific w/what he wants&how he wants you to ask him Qs in office hours. You have to listen&take notes&hell give you all the tools youll need to pass. He gave 1 extra credit paper, I was the only one to do it. I got an A&B on my papers
If you are looking for an easy A this is not the class but if you want to learn take this class.
Professor Bentley is a tough grader. With that said, you need to put the effort in order to be a successful student in his class. He's always there if you need any help. Don't expect him to spoon feed you because he won't. After all, this class is about a student taking the initiative. Just work hard and take self responsibility. You'll be fine.
This teacher isn't as hard as he may seem. If you put effort into writing good papers and ask him questions, you'll pass. But ASK him for help! He won't hold your hand.. If you do what he asks and you put effort in, you will be fine. So don't panic. This teacher is actually pretty interesting and cool. One of my fav english teachers so far.
Bentley's class is not a breeze by any meaning of the word, but if you work hard and actually listen to what he has to say you can receive an a. If I can do it anyone can, since I'm a bio major with no interest in creative writing whatsoever....
Great prof. Very intelligent. He challenges you to figure out what exactly you want to know in order to answer your question. If you ask him how to cite a quote you'll get a vague answer. But if you ask him how to properly punctuate the citation at the end of a sentence from a source in print that is less than three lines he'll give you the answer.
Insanely tough teacher but a great class if you really want to be serious about English. He is chill like me but just simply asks for too much.
If you want the challenge that college is supposed to bring take him. If you want to be lazy RUN. I loved this class and it was a refreshing to actually feel like I was in college and had to work for a grade. I took him Freshman year got a C+. (Do the little work it counts)
He is clear in what he expects from you and only helps you when you specifically ask for help in an area; you can't hand him your paper and have him proof read it. Attending class is only useful for the first 6 weeks...and reading the books are the same. he' an ok professor, but he's not an ass like some of the reviews have said.
Bentley was awesome. He is hilarious, and he seems to be a jerk at first but then you realize he has a very dry sense of humor. Attending was very helpful, he tells you everything you need to do in order to get an A. not very hard at all.
i worked my a** off to get an A- in this class. he DOES give A's but you really have to earn it!! we were assigned 2 major papers; a rhetorical analysis and a research paper. I must have spent at least 20+ hours on each1 (as did every1 else who got an A or B did)!! if you hate writing or are just lazy,you probably won't pass and should prob. drop!
Nice lady clear on assignments, but way and I mean way too much work. Her class was boring at times, she gives you so many articles to read on top of 2 books. I know she killed so many trees with all her hand outs. But anyway please beware and be prepared for alot of reading. Didn't like this teacher, way too much work. Don't take her!!!!
You have to work to get your A in this class. Just work hard on your essays and use the reading that she assigns to help you. She is fairly helpful, but when it comes to the essay part she only gives you limited feedback. I would've liked if she helped corrected the drafts as you turn it in.
very good the test true or false for the midterm every one can be past
Professor Almquist is so nice and smart. He really knows his material, yet he welcomes you to participate if you want to. He does rely on lectures with no visual aid, but most of the time he shows videos. Although he is generous on the due date, his writing assignment does take some time.
Dr. Almquist is a great professor. He's very intelligent and knowledgeable! Attendance isn't mandatory but you do have to write 5 papers and 1 final exam. He's very nice and isn't a tough grader. If you write elaborately, you'll be fine. I'd take him again.
This class required you to write 5 papers and 1 final paper. MUST BUY THE BOOK!!! (only at bookstore for $60) He is not tough grader and he doesn't care about grammar or the structure on your writing, but at least try to write it long. Overall, this class not so bad at all. Take him if you need to get your GE out of the way or else DON'T!
Very knowledgeable teacher. Took primate social behavior with him. Easy class! No homework or tests, just a midterm and final which are both essays and are worth a lot of your grade. These are both based off of class lectures. Just come to class take notes and listen. I liked his lectures they were very interesting!
Very cool, very funny professor but knows his stuff as well Easy course, take him.
This guy seems like he's ready to retire. He has a great sense of humor and his class is easy but it's boring! He doesn't care too much about acutally teaching the subject even though he does have a lot to say. All he does is watch movies and assign LONG essays on the reading (I don't think he even reads them) I wouldn't take this guy if I were you
He is very nice and his lectures are interesting. He is not very clear on how he wants the hw writings to be but wants a summary of the article and an anwser to the question.He is very understanding and he doesn't take role and he acepts late work without a penalty. he gave my class 6 hw assignments,and final from h.w. & s.g. questions
I have had this professor for two classes and it is very likely that his classes are the easiest in the entire school, but he is an extremely intellegent individual with an intense passion for his field. I probably only spent 10-15 hours on his classes ea
a dry sense of humor, but a sense of humor nonetheless. =)
Alan is a great instructor. We watch videos in class almost everyday about anthropology. He knows some very interesting facts and tells stories about his experiences. There are no tests, only 6 assignments in the place of tests...Great class!!!
He is easy-going and humerous but very unorganized. The class is not structured very well. There is usually an hour of wasted pre-amble and miscellaneous question and answer time which is a waste of time. He needs to control his class time better.
He really cares about his students and has a great sense of humor. He's so helpful with the papers and he really doesn't care much about the tests and quizes. He's overall such a chill guy.
Really understands how students approach college. Let us out early multiple time during NCAA tourney so we could get to the bars. He's very good at stimulating class discussions.
Paul is a good professor...get to know him and talk to him!
Paul is AWESOME. get to know him, talk, and you will do fine.
Paul's creates a desire to learn about businesses.
Very wise woman and for the most part the class was enjoyable. Fortunately, she let us take the tests in groups so they weren't too hard. A lot of reading though, and probably around 6 papers, but not too hard. And I just realized I've been spelling her name wrong on all my papers this whole time.
all the exams/quizzes are in groups so that's nice. she's so nice and funny and she cares a lot about her students. she might say different things than the syllabus so just ask her and she'll clarify. pretty easy grader if you put in at least some effort.
Fun class. It's easy to get an A on the papers as long as you try to make it interesting for her to read, answer every question given in the prompt, and keep the grammatical errors to a minimum. The reading is hefty but it's usually interesting. Take notes on everything because random material turns up on quizzes and exams. Know exact quotes!
She was awesome! I learned a lot in this class and she has some really awesome stories to tell. There was always a great conversation/debate going on and the course work was really not that hard. I had no interest in taking this, but I am so glad that I did! And she really does look like bernie macs twin sister....
Absolutely LOVED her! She's so funny, sweet, nice, loves to talk. I took her during Winter Session.. only had to do essays but says she gives exams during the regular semester. Lots of reading but usually interesting. If you dont understand it she will help you understand. Probably one of my favorite professors
Very clear and intelligent and supportive of her students.
Nice but boring
someone wake me, I fell asleep. Soooooo boring, interesting books but poor delivery of information. I often find myself dozing off or just looking outside for the most part of the class.
She is very very sweet and understanding. I wasn't able to attend many classes but if you speak with her, you won't fail. The homework can be heavy but you'll learn a lot. Definitely one of those professors you only take if you're serious about learning. If you can, take Delgado-Poust for 305 at the same time as Chichester 306--they line up perfect
Professor Chichester is sweet and teaches the language in a very clear way. There are only a few exams, all of which have the same format and then a final. A lot of oral presentations, all in groups except for the final. Gives homework online but the class is very easy if you know Spanish.
Tests aren't too bad. Just attend class. Everything she lectures in class is on the test. She assigns a lot of homework assignments--but again, it's beneficial to prepare for the tests.
Dr. Chichester is a great professor! She is organized and clear with expectations, and her grading is accurate. She gives work back promptly. She is challenging but completely fair, and she knows literature. I wish all my professors were like her.
I still think the grade I got is a fluke. Make sure you know how to write great prior to coming to this class. Tests were easy if you read the stories carefully.
She's a wonderful professor! If you have the chance to take her, DO IT! She's very understanding and always willing to help. Although she speaks in spanish during the class, she never requires you to speak spanish to her in person. The tests are straight forward, and she tailors them to help her students get good grades.
might be on the difficult side if this is a weak subject for you. tries to tailor entire semester to students. tests are on the harder side but she will prepare you. the amount of feedback is proportional to your work (usually that's any given prof.) effort. a great class, she is a wonderful person and instructor.
She can be hard if you're not willing to put in the work, and it's hard since she doesn't have a lot of tests. To succeed in her class you absolutely have to do all the homeworks (since there aren't a lot of them) and show an active interest and GO FOR HELP. She's so helpful if you need it and is
She is very friendly but her classes are too challenging. She sets very high expectations.
Very easy to get along with. Demands attention. Focuses more on speech and practical spanish use than any other teacher I've had.
Excellent professor. Made me wish I didn't hate Spanish so much.
His class is easy to pass for the language requirement and not if you want to learn Japanese. He makes the class a review session in a sense and makes you do the studying and learning on your own. It was always a swift class and didn't focus on the details of the language. Instead that we made it to the goal of learning kanji by November.
He is very nice and funny. He is so hard though. The class is so hard especially if you are majoring in something that requires additional study time. Anime doesn't help. He believes that his course is the only one that you have. The weekly homework would take me 2-3 hours to do. Good luck if you take this class!
He's not very hard to pass as long as you do the material. His class is easy to pass who only want a grade but is recommended for those who want to learn Japanese. it's just a matter of how much effort you put in his class = how much you understand.
Very good professor. Always willing to help students out, and always willing to re-explain any materical that was not uderstood. Professor is always enthusiastic and makes the class fun and enjoyable. My favorite class this semester.
Sensei is really a great language professor. He's patient, always fun and energetic, you can tell he loves what he teaches and is good with everyone of all speeds. Getting an A was no problem at all, there is regular homework but it really isnt graded and not that important, just study for the important hiragana reading quiz and that's about it.
*SMILES* that is the biggest part of his class! When ever you are asked to say something back, he always tell you to remember to put on a smile. A great Japanese teacher, taught us some "bad" words, just from one. I have no idea what else to say, except he is great!
heavy Japanese accent but it's fun to hear. good at teaching; he knows how to keep his students entertained all the while. you're guaranteed a B in the class and with minimal effort you can get an A. and you actually remember what you learn! by all means, take a class with Osuka-sensei
Awesome professor, a little to happy at times. Class is easy.
very sweet guy, truly interested in teaching
Make sure you go to his office hours. He gives the same amount of take-home tests (75 points) as in-class exams (100 points). He will usually give you the answers to questions you have on the take-home and explain it thoroughly. His in-class exam topics are given beforehand, but he focuses on some more than others. Super funny guy. Would takeagain
He is a good teacher, very helpful, just very fast. You must do alot of studying by yourself, other than that class always entertains me even if it is at 8:30 am! Other than that its math, you got to pay attention or you fall back, but the guy is great and always willing to help.
I have him now. I must say, I love him. Hes very helpful and will go over anything that you do not understand. The book is used a lot, but its not bad. I would take him again if I ever had to take another math class. I really enjoyed having him.
Wants the best for his students. Explains the material well. Funny. Nice Guy.
HE ROCKS!!!! Take his class it's awesome!! It's hard but you're actually learning...College isn't suppose to be easy people!!!
He's a good guy!
good man, jokes alot in class, gives reviews which are like tests, show up and you'll do fine.
A very good professor, however, he is a hard-grader. Takes off like 10 points if you miss a sign on a number!!
Doesnt give partial credit on ANYTHING! Teaches VERY fast. Try to aviod him
Genetics was fun and I learned a lot. I studied hard but tests were not great. Study the Pogil questions! You work on these in class but study them too.
He likes to get down to the point. Funny sometimes. He has no personality, which can be a good thing sometimes. If you have learning disability, he is not recommended.
he makes biology interesting
Hes cool, understanding, socialable
Great signs...clear,demanding, doesn't tolerate 2nd rate work.
Brillant woman who knows what she is talking about
Competent and Understanding
Excellent. I was a little nervous before taking a class with her based on what I've heard, but I was very impressed in the end.
Overall great professor, very fair, well organized
A good professor, but her class was a waste....a review of your old BUA classes.
Not a terrible class but you must study on your own. She will review with you as much as you need, but you will fail if you do not study enough.
Interesting course. Different lecturer every class. Definitly gives you a better understanding of Canada.
Challenging class, but not the worst I have ever taken
You get grades pretty much just on the exams but they arent hard. Just listen to the examples he shares and learn the terminology and youre set.
This is a great class to take for a music credit. There are only 4 exams the whole semester and he helps you prepare for those exams using clicker questions at the end of each lecture. This is also how attendance is taken so you cannot miss class. This is the easiest class to get an A in if you just show up to class.
Super easy, and very interesting class. It was oddly refreshing to take a music history class as a senior year engineering student. Tests are very similar to old tests, which are posted online. You will learn a lot about things you think you already know a lot about. If you're not artistically inclined and need a fine arts credit, look no further!
This class was definitely the easiest class I have taken so far. Not really a challenge. Go to class and take notes. Make sure you learn the listening parts of the test. The book comes with CD's to help. They are useful.
Just took this class online, it wasn't as easy as I thought, but if you do extra credits, you will be fine, I have over 11 points add up for the final grade just from extra credits, so you don't have to study too much if you do extra credits.
I took the lecture with him. He is a wonderful human being and its a decent class. Make sure you take advantage of the extra credit concerts because they can help your grade a TON.
The online class was great. I can't speak for those in the lecture hall.
Anatole was the man! I only wish that i'd taken the course live. He is enthusiastic, energetic, very clear, very cool. TONS of extra credit. Really easy A. I thought the class would be boring, and it was actually really cool! I recomend it highly.
Inspiring teacher with a comical and cheerful personality, interesting material, easy A.. just go to a few concerts to make sure.
Tests are easy, but if you do attend lectures, don't talk through the whole thing!!!! It's very distracting. You really don't need to do the extra credit to get an A. Devil Went Down to Georgia was AWESOME!
Professor Wieck is wonderful! And can he play the violin! A great class! A must take at UMaine.
i found anatole very interesting and amusing! plus.. the accent was fun!
Very easy class. If you don't want to go, don't. Show up for the review sessions and go to some extra credit concerts and your golden.
great teacher
good music
Great violinist & teacher, too bad most students don't stay for the whole class.
Nice course to enjoy. He's really into the class, which is nice.
love the accent.....
EASY AAAAAAA
Not a bad professor, class was easy, only 6 hw assignments, she counted 4, 4 exams and she drops the lowest grade, if you go to class most of the time, take notes, and keep up with reading you're all set.
she is one of the better profs i have had. she may not be the easiest, but we are in college, its time to step it up a lil from high school. life wont be just handed to you. what she lacks in easiness she makes up for in extra help and understanding.
Professor Fried is very friendly and knowledgable
Lady has a great heart. She's really nice, But it's the most boring class I have ever been in, in my life. Might be biased because I hate the material.
Very excited about american government and the material that goes with the class.
She was a tad strange, and a tad boring. However, she wasn't a bad professor, and I did learn quite a bit. Her tests aren't too bad as long as you take the time to study for them.
She means well, but classes are rather dull
Generally a very nice man! Isn't too hard on his students, gives a pretty decent amount of work and wants the best for you, but doesn't grade hard at all. He definitely wants to help you out as much as he can. His tests are long but usually open notes. Sometimes his material is outdated though, and we advent learned something that's on the test.
Professor Morris is pretty easy going as long as you show up and participate. Assignments are simple and the project is given in segments throughout the class so it's easy to complete. He is very sports oriented, but he can connect you to entertainment or event professors easily. He also will continue to help you after you finish his class.
Professor Morris is great! Seriously all you have to do is go to class, take notes, and he gives you points just for being there and participating. Tells you exactly what he expects for assignments/projects/tests so as long as you listen to him you'll do fine. Also gives a lot of extra credit opportunities so take advantage of those!
Love him
I had him for both intro to SEE and Facilities Management and he was amazing. He is very straight forward and very easy to understand. He gives a lot of in class assignments that count as quizzes so going to class is important.
Took him for facilities operations. Lectures were kind of boring, but he had some really cool videos to show us that were genuinely interesting. His final project seemed intimidating but was overall relatively easy. Very easy grader, but attendance is super important. Half the time you get a homework grade for showing up. Such a nice guy!!
Great Professor! Such a nice man, knows more about Sports than he does Entertainment or Event, but truly cares about each of his students. Tests are not bad as long as you actually study. Highly recommended, very helpful and does a great job teaching.
Really nice guy. Took a 7:10 with him though. He is kinda quiet I suggest getting coffee before class. Really helpful with material and knows what he is talking about. Tends to direct things towards SEE as he is the adviser but, puts an honest effort into the other majors and does a pretty good job.
his class was so easy! he's a great guy and doesn't want you to fail. the only think you have to do is actually do the work that a assigned and take notes. I loved taking his intro class and I hope I get to take more classes with him. he is also a great freshman advisor if you end up with him. so helpful!
He really cares about his job and loves what he does. Most of the class is just him talking but if you are really intested in this field you'll have no problem paying attention. A fair amount of outside projects but if you do them well and follow directions you'll do great! same goes with tests, Just study and follow the direstions!
He's a helpful guy. Very enthusiastic about his job. He can be boring sometimes but overall this professor is very nice and he's super helpful. Though his class is just an Intro but he tries his best to explain different field and sectors of SEE industry.
he's an awesome guy i took him twice cause he was so nice! do his work and you'll get an A he's very easy going and if your nice he'll let you make up missed work and stuff. alots of projects but thats in every SEE class..
He is such a good teacher. Easy to pass and less homework.
Morris is awesome. He really loves his students and encourages class participation. He can be very repetitive but that's just his personality. He's a great teacher.
had him a few times love him,good teacher.you understand what is going on if you pay attention and study/read you will do well.
Kinda boring. He has a lot of expierence so he can really help you. I recommend him, just read the notes and book to do well on the tests.
Thought he was a hypocrite at first, but then got to like him. Just don't let him piss you off and you will be fine. Not too boring.
When he doesn't agree with you he tends to grade you differently. Meaning if you think out of the box and he doesn't agree you get the C+ instead of the B.
Great guy. pay attention in class, and make sure he gets to know you from the first day. dont be that kid that sits in the back and nobody knows your name.
Professor Morris is a really great teacher. He is dedicated to making sure that all his students do well. He act with professionalism in and out of the class room.
Really nice woman. Her classes are easy and she has a lot of good feedback and information. This being said she talks so much. Her classes are very predictable and fairly easy.
She is a very nice professor. She smiles all the time and she really takes time to explain the materials in class. Macroeconomics is not an easy subjects. She knows that as well. So she tries her best to teach and she gives a lot extra credit. It's just that you NEED to go to class to earn the class activity credits!
AMAZING teacher. She is the cutest/funniest teacher I have had in my educational career. She is very helpful, and puts a hysterical twist on everything in life. Fantastic teacher! =)
At first she seems cold and strict. But underneath that, she is really a caring, understanding person. She is also very helpful, and she scales most of her exams and quizzes. Her tests are hard, so study lots and lots.
She is a nice person and very professional
SHABBADOBA and his antics to get us to get us to pay attention...haha. he really tries to pull us in to econ although he knows we have no interest in it. He tries really hard, lots of extra credit. go to class, study, you should do fine.
He is so nice. Review everything before tests, a lot of ways can get extra points. NO homework. Almost each class has a quiz. It is IMPOSSIBLE!
This is the professor to take for Economics. Makes everything understandable- goes over and over everything so you get it, with reviews and dittos. Gives alot of easy extra credit to boost your grade, gives amazing reviews for each exam- tells u exactly where in ya dittos or book each question is going to come from.
Pay complete attention and you'll get it.
I took his class in the fall and failed it, but i am taking him again in the spring. He is a great teacher, wants you to learn but you HAVE to study and do the work, thats where i messed up!
I had him for macro and micro and he made this horrible topic of economics as fun as it could be. Really nice guy will help you if you ask for it. offers lots of extra credit opportunities TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THEM!
Take him for Macro
great guy.
Good teacher for a hard course
Makes this class interesting.
He can be dry but his class is very easy.
Dr. Z is a great teacher, the class was a ton of fun because we learned a lot and got to go see the performances for free. Take notes and go to class and it's pretty difficult to fail...he's very funny and makes class interesting. he is also extremely talented. highly recommended.
I thought Dr. Parks was a good teacher. He obviously cared his students were learning and did not assign much homework - but enough to work on the skills we needed to know. I would reccommend him for a future math class.
Really good professor, definitely get him if you can!
Received an A in the class. About a 30% curve on the nasty final. A fair (perhaps liberal) grader. Funny professor, certainly knows what he is teaching. He goes over your head a lot, but he can clarify. Was often very confusing and made me feel like I was going to fail. Grade is composed of two midterms and one final, all equal weight.
Great teacher!
This guy rocks! Funny, great teacher, and is willing to help all of the time.
Professor Togman is a great professor.I agree with the other reviews saying he can come off as a bit condescending or "know-it-all" sometimes, but he doesn't mean to and truly means well. The readings can be a lot sometimes but as long as you do them on time, you're good. Midterm, final, term paper, and participation are the only grades but not bad
really liked him and the class. would recommend him.
A very pleasant professor to have for poli sci classes. He's friendly and never seems to make his classes become a high-pressure environment. His testing demands that you keep up with current events and readings, but never were they insanely hard if you just keep up on your work.
He is GREAT! Liberal! Democrat! NY TIMES!!!! Going to take another class with this man! Great examples - I get a kick out of his analogies... sooo smart you can tell. But he's kinda cocky too. I'm waiting for him to flip out on one of the conservative Dubya supporters. I'd pay to see that!
Nice guy, wears very European clothes which border on odd, knows his stuff. Very liberal, a lil too intense with the NYTimes, but fairly easy grader. READ THE BOOK IF YOUR CLASS HAS ONE!!!!
He is a very cool down to earth guy...treats you like a college student vs a child. Whether u Do the work on time and come to class is on you, but if you listen and take notes theres no way you can do horrible. Makes class interesting which is good
Great professor, fair and a great teacher!
Hell Yeah
it's yoga! if u need to relax diab's the perfect proff to teach it.
Very easy grader....he was a really nice guy and if you do the work, you'll get an A. Don't buy the textbook..didn't use it once.
Hes a pretty cool teacher. Class is not as boring as it could be, but a laptop would make it a tad bit less boring. I didn't really do much and I still got a B. So kudos to an easy class
Pretty good teacher, clears his throat more than anyone on the planet ever will, quizzes and tests super easy as long as you pay some attention, never took attendence.
he's a really nice guy - def one of my favorite comm profs!! he's so nice and he's not hard...i dont like ethics, but he tried to make it as good as possible
Wow...dis man misses so many class..always out sick or has a problem wit his bak..we started class in jan n we got our assignments at like mid feb. he jus talks n talks...half the time ppl dont show up cuz he doesnt take attendance
just try and u'll do just fine... if you want to learn, pay attention and ask questions... he's very helpful... the only thing is that it's REALLY EASY to slack off in his class because of his easy-going attitude... make sure that you take the initiative
good teacher, misses classes here and there, knowledgable of material, u will learn some tricks of the trades, if u try you will do fine.
Excellent professor, really explains the material, try a little and youll learn a lot
Great teacher. Very smart, informative, and easy going.
go only to midterm and final, and do the paper, u'll be fine
Overall, the class was organized and due dates were clear. It's not too difficult to get an A in this class if you read the textbook and do the homework. There's also extra credit that can add 8% to your grade just by doing discussion boards. Exams can be a little tricky, but overall this class isn't too difficult.
I took an online class, so I can't account for how his in person classes took, but I was very satisfied with this class. He offered a large variety of scores that makes it really easy to pass the class even if you don't test well, like me. He was also one of the only online professors I have that had recorded lectures you could watch.
He's not the sweetest person but you can learn so much from him.
This class is very time consuming. Expect a quiz every week, three papers, and pretty difficult exams. I took it as a fun class and it has been my hardest. Make sure that you have time to devote to this class. Overall, it was a good class. Professor Christiansen expects a lot from his students throughout the semester, but this is college isn't it?
Nice prof! Very understanding! Excellent visual aids. (took course online)
Really enjoyed this class; thought I wouldn't due to the content and stories I heard prior to coming in, but it turned out great. It's definitely TONS of work, but as long as you aren't lazy and/or dumb you will be fine. I've heard some people don't like the prof's sarcastic style but it is right up my alley. Favorite class of the semester.
Don't waste his time with the basics. Talk about the NBA after class. Vegetarian, likes animals. Has dogs and cats. Likes Michigan.
Hard class, but alot of good info
Christiansen totally rocks!
Great guy super inspirational. Super involved in outreach work and will do everything he can to get the class involved as well. Only 2 writing assignments a week usually and 5-page midterm. Decent about of reading but that should be expected out of an English class. Super understanding when asking for extensions.
McKay is a great teacher who loves to inspire and help his students. He likes to get to know his students, so participate in class. Reading is critical, as he expects to see references to the chapters in essays. Books were easy to read and the assignments don't take a lot of effort. I loved this class! I would highly recommend any of his classes.
SUCH AN AWESOME GUY!! Lectures were great, I looked forward to attending each class. Grades revolve around weekly journals in White Clay which sound like a drag but you'll look forward to writing them. He pushes you as a writer on a personal level and will make you rethink your personal morals and beliefs regarding the environment. Amazing course.
amazing, amazing professor. interesting, charismatic and knows a lot. gives a lot of feedback on writing and is very approachable.
Jenkins really wants you to learn and become educated global citizens. You spend a lot of class discussing current events and how they play a role in the big picture. However, if you really want to learn how to write really really well and be nitty gritty about English, not as much class time is spent on that. But he is an interesting professor.
McKay is in-the-know about so many different things and it can be really fun to be in class. A lot of the time we just sat around and talked about the news. You have to work pretty hard on your articles but he is really positive and helpful in editing them to make them better. If I liked journalism more I would take every one of his classes!
I came in as a terrible writer and he berated me until I got good. I hated him then but I adore and appreciate him now - worth it for the serious aspiring writer
Very helpful teacher and actually knows what he's talking about. He has books published and worked at various newspapers, so he knows things that are applicable. Very encouraging, esp. of hard news pieces, doesn't like fluff.
Amazing professor. He team-taught this course w/ 3 others, and was so much better than the other 3. Did what he wanted, and we learned a ton more. Great insights on politics, the environment - I wish I could've taken more courses from him.
Love going to class! Sometimes wish it was longer then 50 minutes. Sexy, too!
Great prof! Knows his stuff, always willing to help, makes class worth going to
Great Prof. Loved going to class!!
This class was a real challenge, but if you put in the effort you can pass. He loves his red pen and grades hard, but a 70% on an exam is an A. Go to the SI, she is extremely helpful! Your grade is based off of 5 exams, no graded homework or graded quizzes. Chem 133 is hard no matter who teaches it, so you must study. This class was my favorite.
Dr. Langley is quite the prof. He is the hardest to take in Gen Chem, but i would do it all over again. Tough grader, but offers tons of help. If you want to pass, do the homework, MUST go to office hours! Tests are short, but hard, everything based off HW. This class is a challenge, but you WILL learn. Great class, would take him again!
If you want to pass, you will. At first I didn't like the way he taught ,but I went to his office and he will spend all his free time helping you understand. He was so helpful I switched my advisor to him. Do the homework!
READ YOUR SYLLABUS! He'll give it to you the first day of class and I strongly suggest you read it before the next class. At the top it lists his website, GO TO IT! Print the lecture guide, assigned problems and Nomeclature practice. Don't get behind. Attend every class, even if you're sick. Go to office hours, SI and get a tutor if you need one!
Always in the office and ready to help
The only students who hated taking Langley were the LAZY ones who did not do their homework. I took him for 2 chemistry classes and made an A in both! Just do the homework, you'll do great! The test questions are from the homework! He's in his office if you need help, he will answer and of the homework questions if you ask. Go to SI also!
Dr. Langley is good teacher. unlike other classes, you actually learn something in his. He might be very difficult to understant at time. His test are very hard. If go to class regularly, go to his office for help and correct our mistakes, then you should be fine. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. But be ready to so wome serious work.
I'm seeing a lot of negative comments. Tsk tsk. Well, I'm not blonde, and I'm not a girl, and I got an A in his class. Why? Because I tried, and tried hard. This is college. This is college Chemistry and Chemistry is an intricate subject. Langley won't spoon feed you if he doesn't see you making any effort. You have to take initiative to succeed.
Langley requires a lot of work from you. Depending on how dedicated you are to your studies will directly affect your grade in this class. Go to his office as often as possible to ask questions and start the assigned problems immediatley. he really cares about you and grade as long as you care about you and your grade. I took him for 134 and 133
Langley requires a lot of work from you. Depending on how dedicated you are to your studies will directly affect your grade in this class. Go to his office as often as possible to ask questions and start the assigned problems immediatley. he really cares about you and grade as long as you care about you and your grade. I took him for 134 and 133
I wont lie, Langley is very hard but he does this for your own benefit. You come out of the class well prepared for the next level of chemistry. The material is not handed to you on a platter, you have to work at it but he very helpful if you go to his office and ask questions. He wants his students to pass, but dont expect him to cater to slackers
Dr. Langley is a very, very hard teacher, but he is also extremely helpful. If you go to his office to get help, he will explain everything. He wants you to pass, you just have to show that you want to pass as well. He's a very nice man! (Just a bit sarcastic)
Dr. Langley is hard but you learn so much from him..I loved his sarcasm...he is actually a great teacher.i highly reccommend taking him...but u know..if u really want a good GPA then...think twice...but i guess i made an A...and i thought i was struggling...so..well..he helps out a lot..and gives lots of extra pts..but u should be willing to work..
He wasn't as bad as I had heard. The class is very fast paced, but he doesn't have a choice in that. Definitely wasn't easy, and I don't recommend him for anyone not majoring in science or mathematics unless you really know your chem. Don't take it when you have other hard classes too. DO HOMEWORK!
easy if you pay attention but if something is not clear you can go to his office and he is always willing to help you and you get one point everytime you go to his office and he gives big grade curves and use SI because it really helps also
Yes, you have to study, but if you do this class is not as bad as everyone says. He curves after every test, which helps your grade a lot. He is happy to answer any questions you have. After reading past ratings on here I almost didn't take him, but I'm glad I did.
He is one of the hardest proffessors at SFA no doubt. But you learn A LOT sereously you have a lot better of a time laiter on in chem if you take from him. He is really scarcastic and kinda quiz/test happy but he also has the most office hours at SFA.
You will get out of this course what you put into it.GO TO HIS OFFICE
Just do the work and you will do fine...don't do the work and you will fail!
BUY THE STUDY GUIDE..if you go get help u will pass
If you do hwk prob, go to class (quizzes), visit office, you will do fine.
Profesor Paul is the greatest. Very understanding. We took a field trip to Estrada's to practice our Spanish. You will need a blue book for writing, has presentations based on lectures. If you take profesor Paul remember to mention the Holy Guacamole presentation. Also if you mention the word "Chip" pronounce it as cheeps. He will love this.
If you took spanish in HS this class is easy and he is good for you, if you did not you may struggle because he is not super organized or specific. He is nice though, and will help you pass.
He is one of the best teachers I have ever had. I would take him over and over again. He says attendance is mandatory but he is very understanding and doesn't really care. He is such a cute and nice man. Makes a lot of jokes and makes the class enjoyable. The class has a bit of work but thats expected with a foreign language class. Take him!
One of my favorite professors. He takes the time to get to know his students and makes it clear what he asks of you. I loved how he spoke in Spanish everyday and was repetitive because that's what you need to learn a new language. For me I found it to be an easy class but I don't really struggle with Spanish. I highly recommend!
I have taken senior vincent for 2 semesters now... he doesnt really teach the material but all of the tests are from the book, so if you understand the patterns in the book you will do just fine on the tests! It's a bit of work but he is really flexible with due dates on homework... lets just say I dont know much spanish but I have a 95.7%!
laid-back, extremely easy going and lenient
I thought he was very patient and helpful
I think that he is a really easy teacher. if you pay attention in class you will know what is going on, or you could just ask him... he is really nice. It is really easy to get a good grade without much effort. Just do your dictionary and enpapels and you are set with an A
good teacher, but very unorganized he expects you to figure out your own grade. doesnt return test until 4 weeks down theline. generally helpful, but gets off topic a lot. grades harshly on detail ex. grammar or spelling. But over all you can get an A with minimal study time
Very nice person, very understanding. Makes you feel comfortable speaking spanish. I think it would be hard to learn just based on class time.
nice guy, easy-going and helpful
good teacher but not always prepaired
lots of work, hard, too much culture! But great/helpful instructor!
Yeah, he gets crap from students. C'mon! He is not that bad. I really enjoyed his class and he motivated me. Despite...
Honestly, I thought he was funny and he kept me entertained in his class. He does have an accent but I think it is understandable. The only grades he gave us were HAWKES homework, 3 tests, and attendance quizzes (he didn't do them every single day). His class is easy.
Dr. Dai honestly means well. He does have an accent and it was hard for me to understand. However he has a very forgiving grading policy; homework is 40% of your grade and theres unlimited attempts(its on we work). His tests were basically homework questions with different numbers. I never payed attention in class but I have an A so hes okay.
This professor is a super intelligent man. He has a little bit of an accent but after a few days, you get use to it and will understand him completely. I makes it clear on what is on the exams. He helps you with your questions and doesn't make you feel stupid about asking them. You definitely have to do the hw and study yourself to make an A!
I took Dai first semester my freshman year. You for sure DO NOT need the textbook for this class unless you think you need extra help, but I made an A in the class without cracking it open. If you're struggling with something, ask him questions about it. He cares and wants you to understand. Tough class but if you put in the time, you can make an A
he really cares about his students and how well they are doing!!! He makes sure that every student knows that there is help else where if they are not understanding! People need to grow up and stop complaining about how is accent is bad because if you really listen and want to learn something he's they guy. he knows his stuff!!!
It does take some time to get used to him, but after a few weeks you can understand him fine. Tests and quizzes aren't hard, if you study at all. Class is not exciting, but he is very willing to help and wants to see everyone do well. Funny in a xinge dai kinda way lol Not much hw collected, open book quizzes.
He is a good teacher. Does anything to help you make a good grade. I passed the class with an A. Just do your homework and you'll do fine on the test. Test questions are just like hw problems. There is a slight language barrier but as long as you can read his handwriting you'll do fine.
Very sweet man, but difficult to understand. His examples are hard to follow, so I suggest you go by the text if you don't already know how to do something. Class is a good time to do the assignment for the week, but you need to attend because he takes roll every class.
Thick accent, but just learn to deal and get over it.Easiest professor,his class has highest average of all algebra classes.DO THE HOMEWORK!EASY POINTS, grades for effort not right answers.First time I ever made an A in a math class.
Really patient and a nice guy. If you're bad at math, take Dai!
Easy teacher. Accent improved a little toward the end.
Great teacher if you can understand him. Just do the homework, he gives credit if you do it and does not grade it, and go to the test. Easy B!
Easy Class, Just do the Homework and go to the Test.
Easy class period. Does not speak clearly but exams are so easy that you dont need to listen to him. Just do the homework and you will make an A.
Goes slow and stops frequently to make sure everyone understands. He's a little tough to understand, but nice. Come to class, pay attention, and do your homework and you should do fine. Overall one of my favorite professors.
His English is broken, but arabic numerals are arabic numerals no matter what
if you need help just ask he'll be more then willing to help you out
A little bit hard to understand, but really knows his Calculus & how to teach it
cool dude
Dr. Hulme is an amazing professor who has given me so much inspiration and guidance. He will challenge you to do things completely out of your comfort zone that will be the toughest thing you ever do, but it is worth it. He will change your life.
MUN is literally the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. If you are not up to researching day in and day out, don't take this class. You have to give speeches every class and conference is terrible because he is always jumping down your throat. Once the team wins though, he is the nicest man and he will inspire you to do great things.
Dr Hulme is a really great professor. While he does act like a politician, that is his area of study so it is understandable. He is very helpful and instead of gives you answers he asks you all the right questions to get you to find the answer. Great person, big heart, and has a lot of scholarship/internship info on hand.
One of the few profs at Alma that hasn't succumbed to grade inflation. It's absolutely possible to do well but you'll have to work for it! As a grad student I'm thankful that he actually pushed me to be a better writer and have greater understanding of things rather than letting me coast. Also feel he's harder on the UN kids w/ higher expectations.
He does NOT just teach to Model UN students, I would give this teacher an A plus. It may be difficult, but if you want to learn and do well then do what he asks, listen and take notes in class, and go to office hours. It's pretty simple. The subjects he teaches are not outdated but modern and very interesting. Highly recommend for non-UNers!
He can be very intense and he expects a lot out of his students. This is not a class slacking off. It may seem as though he favors UN students but he's actually very fair. Non-UN students should know all you have to do is take the time to talk to him so he knows who you are. When UNers are dominating his office hours, just ask to cut in line.
Very difficult teacher, but knows his stuff and will teach you a lot if you pay attention. I don't understand how people can say he only teaches to the Model UN students. The class is largely lecture based with minimal participation. On a personal note, the man is a bit uptight, but it has served him and many of his students well. Give him a try.
His classes are tough but his spring term research class in particular has served me well after graduation. Have talked about it in job interviews ect. If you are willing to work hard you will do well in his class even if you are not Model UN. However be warned, he will probably try to recruit you if he thinks your smart.
Dr. Hulme will work with you if you work hard.
If you want to fill a distrib, don't take I-Law, it's hell. Also, the comment about the UN kids is right on. If you want scholarship help, he's the man to talk to
Although you learn a lot in UN, Dr.Hulme's objective is winning the conferences.
i absolutely love dr. fobes! she's one of the sweetests profs i've had and she genuinely cares for her students. she's very strict on phone use, but that's not a huge problem. as long as you take good notes during lectures and read the text for that week, you'll be fine.
Dr. Fobes is a great prof. She is very well organized and very helpful. Alma is lucky to have her.
Very helpful in every way and an all around great person to be around. She is so into everything and the role playing in class is funny and fun.
great prof!
I agree, Ozluk is an extremely patient teacher, and quite good at illustrating concepts. He is not a very interesting lecturer, though. Overall, the experience was a positive one.
He is REALLY good at drawing pictures. He also has an insane amount of patience, no matter how absurd the questions get (some people in class, I tell ya...). He's clear and really expects you to know your stuff--calc 3 with him was very satisfying, and useful.
He's a really clear, patient prof and I had no trouble with calc 3 thanks to him. He tends to start class without bothering to get anyone's attention, which is pretty funny.
Great professor. Uses plenty of examples in class and is good at explaining things. Has an awesome accent too.
The first test was long, not because it was hard, there was just a lot of work to do even knowing the material. Other than that I found the class pretty easy.
The Mur-bius Function! Yay Prof Ozluk!
Atzema is a super nice dude and he really wants you to succeed. I started out the year really rocky (68 on the first exam) and was able to get it up to an A by the final. Lectures tend to be confusing and excessively wordy so be prepared to spend time outside of class if you really want to understand the material.
Though he struggled a bit with the online stuff and the homework kind of went out the window, he was relatively clear about what needed to be done and the tests and quizzes were clear and concise. Although he would often make mistakes early on in an example problem and it was up to me and another student to correct him lol.
Solid prof, wont get much better then him, some people don't like him but I don't see anything wrong with him, his exams are tricky, but put in the time and he will always help in office hours
Great professor, nice guy, very funny and willing to help. Goes over lots of examples in class, goes over nearly every homework problem on the assignment before you turn it in. Give lasts years exams as the practice test which are very similar to the current year test. tests are much easier than homework. will answer any question you ask
I had to retake this class and he is the reason i passes this class.
Eisso is the man. I've taken many mathematics courses at UMaine and Eisso is one of my favorite professors. If you ever need more hlep, just ask and he will gladly help you out. He's very approachable.
Eisso attests to the friendliness of Dutch folk. People struggle in this class because they know he's too nice to grill them. He teaches math well. You just need to keep up with the chapters. He doesn't make it more difficult than it already is and always includes extra credit problems. Study hard and you'll get 100+ on the exams.
Very rarely does a professor actually care if a student succeeds in his class. Eisso, does everything in his power to help his students learn the material, and will go over the subject with his students anytime outside of class. He challenges his studen
Awesome guy, he knows what he is talking about, and the acsent makes it so much more fun.
How can you describe something as enigmatic as E. Atzema. He comes from a far away land known as the Netherlands where I hear hamburgers actually eat people. Is he dutch or a really a madman by the name of **** Ferguson?
Good teacher, very helpful if you take a secound to stop by his office hours.
He's awesome - his accent is SO cute, and he totally knows his stuff! Go Eisso!
The work can appear difficult and unguided, but if you do it right, he is great.
good teacher projects count as much at tests so its easy to boost your grade
One of my favorite teachers
She's nice. The class will be boring for you if you're not interested in the subject. She's funny, but doesn't tolerate it when people don't pay attention.
Boring, but she knows what she's talking about.
Very smart and sharp woman. Entertaining to hear her biases shine through when talking about the English. Assigns a lot of reading and expects it to be completed.
Great teacher, with an excellent history class. I look forward to future classes with her!
kinda hard, but shes helpful and friendly. just do the reading and studying.
Wonderful person....tells you what she wants in class.
Tebrake is cool and has a kooky dry humor. Her class is hard but you learn alot.
You don't even need to buy the book, she does great outlines!
Difficult class, but learned a lot
Good teacher. Be prepared to work hard
The grading criteria could get confusing but as long as you communicate and always ask about your standing in the class you'll be fine. Also if you pay close attention to lecture, he basically gives you the answers to the exams; you just have to take really good notes. Lastly, Tuyay cares a lot about participation so make sure you speak out.
Professor tuyay is a great history professor for someone who isnt a history buff like yours truly. I enjoyed/enjoy his lectures and teaching style. He doesnt give too many assignments but offers alot of extra credit throughout the semester.
Mr. Tuyay is the best. He is super hilarious! He's class is easy. However, you will need to write a research paper he gives a lot of extra credit. Take his class! (:
I don't understand why some students complain about his jokes and that he talks a lot about stuff non related to class-- he is actually helping students in regards to diversion because he knows history class can be boring. He knows what he is teaching and he makes sure that his students learn valuable things. Best history teacher.
Decent professor
Tuyay is a good professor and likes to have a good laugh. Focus on the pop quizzes and reviews. These will literally save you if you aren't picking up the material. His lectures are long but good. The only downside i would say is that his lectures don't specifically reflect the tests. It might be just me, but that's how i felt.
Lecture's are out of the book & could be boring when he reads it aloud. Very laid back professor who loves to joke around with his students which makes the class fun and interesting. 3 tests, 2 of which are exams & the final is multiple choice plus 1 term paper. Books are essential to passing & he gives a lot of extra credit for those who need it.
Tuyay's classes are amazing. I don't know why the two other recent reviews were negative; maybe they want a professor that is extremely difficult. Tuyay's classes are filled with fun and jokes, and there is plenty of EC to do! Just go off the study guide and you'll ace the tests. He even reviews the study guide to make sure people have answers!
He goes extremely fast on his lectures and he expects you to read 1 chapter per day, other than that his class is quite easy, just take notes and pay attention and of course read. Two midterms, one final, and a 10 page research paper. Not the best professor but i guess he is okay.
BEST TEACHER EVER! Love this guy! Funny, cool, helpful, awesome! :D
Stay on his good side.(Laugh at jokes, PARTICIPATE, and overall show that you care about the class). Some assignments have alternatives which can help your personal skills. Definitely makes an Asian-American History class engaging to say the least. Finally book is used 80% of the time unless stated otherwise.
I enjoyed his class. Take notes and when he says you can use a tape recorder do it. He will give you the questions to the text. Get on the "Circle of Friends" and you'll get a good grade. He offers extra credt. Nice teacher and very funny. He's got jokes.
Enjoyed his class! If he say's you can use recorder do it. He will give out a few questions on the text. Get on the "Circle of Friends" and you'll get a good grade. He also offers a lot of extra credit. Tuyay has jokes! Had me laughing, made the class go by faster, NOT BORING. Later Tuyay
One of the best teachers I've had in college. His lectures keep you interested, he's pretty funny, & if he gives you a hard time, it's all in good fun. He's also really accessible in terms of office hours & needing to talk to him after class. TONS of extra credit.
Prof Tuyay loves to teach, kind of bias in his Asian history classes, always talking about Filipinos since the class majority is Filipino which makes it understandable. You really need to read the books and really read the sections he tells the class to read. If not, just like any other class you are dead meat (you will get a C or below).
Tuyay is a funny history professor! He makes history fun and interesting. He is an understanding person and gives out extra credit assignments that help to boost the grade. It is helpful to read the online lecture guides. I really recommend Tuyay! you won't regret taking his class.
Not an easy A. He jokes a lot and tends to get off topic. Reading the books is a must. Memorize all the facts and you'll do good. Do the extra credit he gives.
Mr. Tuyay has a sense of humor but some people can't take it. IMO it made the class more fun. although its not an easy class he does give a lot of extra credit. do take advantage of them. always come to class, take notes and read and you'll be fine. the people who are complaining are probably the ones that were too lazy to actually study.
I took 100 and 101 with this guy. Got a C in 100 because i was new to the college scene and didn't really study that much. I got an A in his 101 class simply because i put in more effort. Not an "easy A" but not a hard class either. Attend class, take notes, study the book and notes for the test and you'll be good to go! He's super fun!
Mr. Tuyay is a great teacher. He makes the class fun and interesting. But you have to work hard to get a good grade. All the extra credits he offers are a plus. Take advantage of them because they help!! Don't listen to the bad ratings Mr. Tuyay! They're probably the ones that fail your test and don't study...
tuyay is the man the class is easy as long as u read the chapters i mean come on he gives u a study guide with everything on his exams all you have to do is pay attention and participate and youll do fine.. great guy cares about his students and well being .. jokes are lame but all older peoples jookes are lame but you will have fun
Awesome professor. I really enjoyed the class and all how his stories relate to topics going on in the class. Never missed a day.
I give this teacher an A++, even though I got a C in his class. He's a pretty cool guy, extremely hilarious! I recommend you take advantage of his extra credit assignments, it will help you out a bit at the end. His tests are somewhat easy and somewhat hard, so know your stuff!
Tuyay is a very engaging instructer. He makes the class fun and rewarding. As long as you read the text and participate you should ACE the class. Excellent teacher for returning/older students.
I honestly thought I was not going to pass his class but I did with an A. He is a great teacher, if you pay attention you will understand everything he is talking about. I recommend you take his class, he might come off as a harsh professor but he isn't.
Prof. Tuyay is a good teacher. You do have to keep up with the readings if you want to do well in the class. Often times we just chit-chat about current events and how history has influenced what's going on today. He is really big on critical thinking. Not an "Easy A", but you will defnitely learn a thing or two in his class.
hes alright... he uses the same jokes in every class. he tries too hard to be funny. goes off on different subjects a lot. you could read the book by yourself without his lectures and do well on the test. he gives tons of extra credit.
He is a funny and smart teacher, he was easy-going and played jokes. He was not hard at all, you just have to read the book and take notes.
Great teacher and very funny (if you like cheesy humor.) He's a really great guy who's going on "sabatical" this Spring for I don't know how long...but if you get the chance, take his class! It's an experience :)
Do the readings before class to be prepared for discussion. TRUST ME, do the readings cuz NO ONE ever does for some odd reason, and you'll get some points if you answer the questions in class. There are also pop-quizzes on readings and u get points for scoring high on those too. DO THE READING, AND YOU'LL BE FINE.
Do the xtra credit if you know whats good for you
great professor! hilarious!! kept me awake and interested in the topics. some reading here & there, but not entirely bad. they're easy readings anyway.
This professor is da bomb diggity..ha..ha!!! I enjoyed being in his class. Yes, his tests are difficult...but you know what READ READ READ! If you don't like to read, don't take his class becoz his tests are based on the readings. What do u expect its a history class :)
Here's your chili peper Mr. Tuyay! Just kidding! Wonderful man and very funny! A wealth of information on Asian Americans that are left out in traditional history books. Plenty of ext credit but you miss out if you don't read the book. Will take 113 before he goes on sabatical in 2005-2006.
This teacher is hilarious! Tests are somewhat difficult though.
4 test and a project! tells your everything thats going to be on the test. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT! he's hilarious and cracks me up! he makes you want to attend class! i took him for 100 and 101 and don't regret it! got a B in 100/101 and didnt read the book!
We are the white mexicans... well... I found his jokes seemingly ammusing. His class was fun to go to and he has a sort off quirky attitude towards EVERYTHING!!!
he alright...
Read the book. Jokes around a lot. Important not to be the stereotype quiet Asian in his class. He likes if you to speak up even if it's just atleast once. Offers a lot of extra credit which is fun to go to.
hes funny, but his tests are hard. u will have to read if u want a good grade and dont depend on listening to lecture for that. gives alot of xtra-cred n i advice u to do them..i only did 2 of them tho
HILLARIOUS. YOU WONT GET BORED IN THIS CLASS. EASY. YOU SHOULD TAKE IT. =)
Funny guy,uses the same joke every sem.,but east teacher,gives a lot of extra credit.
Very entertaining. Lots of extra credit!
Some of his jokes are crude, but he's a good teacher. Knows what he's teaching.
Pretty down to earth type of teacher.
funny guy!
Very entertaining, lots of jokes to keep you awake
Come on guys! her class is hard but don't lie, she is very helpful. Prof. Thomas is always willing to help you and I must admit that her class is not for lazy students, and don't thinks I am an "A" student.YOU MUST STUDY AT LEAST 4hrs./DAY that's the way Chemistry is, She is very good at explaining,and if you don't understand she will explain again
Heard horror stories about Professor Thomas before I got in her class and found the opposite to be true. Great teacher, very knowledgable, and offers plenty of extra credit. Review notes frequently and you will have no problem.
Wonderful instructor, very smart and clever, love her. Work hard and an A in the class is possible.
The subject itself requires a lot of your time. STUDY HARD. She is a very strict and a fair professor. This class requires 110%. In this class you will learn and understand, not memorize. Do every assignment and ask questions.
The only way to get an A in this class is by being willing and able to work VERY, VERY, VERY, hard. It is not the material that is hard, it is just a very demanding class. You need to dedicate about 50% of your life to this class if you really want to learn and do well. She's a nice old grandma.
Great person deeeep down inside. You just have to dig for it. Great teaching and communication skills. Tests are hard, but she will prepare you. Some X-credit available. Class is not for slackers(might even take over your life if you want an A).
She comes on really strong at first but she really wants her class to do well. She's ALWAYS in her office of chem lab and available for help. Just don't take her criticism to seriously...she'll make you feel like an idiot sometimes...
I really enjoyed her lectures because she made it very easy to understand. It's true that her criticism is very harsh and she never has anything nice to say. To some she's known as the chemistry nazi. Be prepared to work your ass off in that class.
She tries hard to be tactful, but her criticisms are still harsh. Many students have trouble in the class. She makes it harder than it should be for 2nd semester general chem.
The class is very hard but she knows her stuff. Angered easily when directions are not followed but she is very helpful.
He knew what he was talking about and was really passionate about sociology. There are only4 main grades, which are test, so you have to do good on the test to pass the class. He does offer a lot of extra credit to bring up your grade. It's just your responsibility to do it.Very easy class, if you study and take the time to do the canvas discussion
I took an online class and he posted everything at the beginning of the semester so you could work ahead. He posts PowerPoints that are extremely long and text heavy. But if you read those and do the assigned readings, it is a fairly easy A.
Lectures were great, very clear and engaging speaker, really knows what he's talking about. Lots of group projects though, which is never fun (lets you pick your own groups, but what's the point if you're a freshman and don't know anyone yet?). Text was on the pricier side as well (all though text is used, definitely get a copy).
I absolutely friggin' love Rutledge. First of all, he does go off on tangents... But they are so random and engaging that you'll be laughing or finding yourself wanting to contribute. He talks a lot and his slides have LOTS OF WORDS. I recommend a laptop. Handwritten notes will eff you up. Group projects, ofc. I love the man. He's funny and cares.
Tests are simple if you use the study guide. Lectures the entire class without much interaction. Requires several group projects. Easy A or B. Marks off points for not attending.
He is a very nice and passionate professor; however, his class is all lecture so it can be very boring. His tests are ok! He grades you on group work, as well as on moodle discussions, attendance, and tests. HINT: Attendance is always at the end of class so you can always get there late and still get the full points for it ;)
This professor is awesome. He can be long winded and he tends to go on tangents a bit but i found them interesting. If you have an issue or need clarification he will always take time to help you out. His class is farely easy and his attendance policy is lenient. I didn't use the book and did pretty well.
His exams can be hard. I ended up getting a B. Attendance and textbook not mandatory at all. He posts all lectures online. Class can be boring but he is VERY nice and helpful. He will allow students to retake exams in the week after he gives the papers back and if you missed the exam, he will give you a take home.
He is a good professor but his exams are a very difficult. Study hard. His lectures are interesting and he is a very smart man. I enjoyed his class and ended up getting in A in it. He lectures a lot, If you don't like listening to lectures, then this class and college isn't for you.
Had him for Intro and Pop Culture. I like his style but if you're more hands-on and need a special kind of teaching method, be wary. He simply lectures with little to no class feedback, but the subject truly is interesting. Tests come from PowerPoints and book. If you do badly on a test, ask for the essay version! I recommend attending every class.
oh gosh, this class was so incredibly boring. heavy use on the book. but he was nice enough, and he made himself available. gave extra credit, and papers weren't too bad. if you read the book you should be fine
Although he may seem boring at times, his insight to the subject at hand is brilliant and he definently knows his stuff. Easy tests, no hw, no mandatory attendance. He was an awesome prof, who taught well to those who actually cared about the subject. I changed my major to sociology because of him. Take his class, especially if you like sociology.
Learned so much from taking this class. The book tells the real history of the us, and not the stuff we were told in high school. All his lectures are basically summarized in his powerpoints, so as long as you look those over you will be fine. He definitely knows his stuff. I highly recommend.
He can be a little boring, sometimes. However, the material is very interesting. You will learn a great deal about the 60s and especially Vietnam, if you take an interest. If you are a slacker looking for an easy grade, look elsewhere. You have to work in this class.
I had Rutledge for AMST 1960s and I thought he was a very knowledgeable person! Yes, the class is long and yes he does talk a lot, but the information is usually interesting. I personally love the 60s in general so maybe that's why I liked it. I don't think I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to learn something about that era.
He lectures from the entire class non-stop. It is helpful if you print off his powerpoints before hand and take notes as he goes along in class. He goes through notes very quickly. I would recommend that you come to class everyday otherwise you miss out on his examples that ARE on the test. Very knowledgable professor & gives an extra credit essay.
In order to do well in this class, you must take class note as much as possible and you will be going well in the test. Most of the exam question come from his lecture. Sometime he makes it even easier for student to obtain class note by going to his website. This class is not hard , but you really need to pay attention and it can be tedious
Lecture based class. he goes off on tangents a lot. Go to class , listen, take notes, and everything should be fine. Make sure you study before the tests. His tests are not based off what the book says i never opened my book once. his tests are based on his lectures. He offers an extra credit paper which will boost up your grade a full letter grade
Talks wiht a stupid microphone thing... really boring a lot of time but the actual material is awesome if you take the time to thinka bout it. Final isn't cumuplative....no attendance...overall not too bad
Very smart and insightful teacher. His class is my favorite one this semester. If you dont like him, you must be an ignorant, close-minded religious fool.
He is good, set in his ways, but good. know's his material--a little to well.
interesting class, his little microphone is kinda wierd but i enjoyed the lectures for the most part. never had a problem with his tests as long as i did a little studying. good overall
Great teacher, but he's sometimes a little boring. Go to class and you'll pass the tests, especially since he drops the lowest test score. Be sure to do the extra credit offering too... it meant the difference between an A and a B for me.
This professor is decent. The tests are easy if you come to class b/c the questions are directly from the notes. He does a good job with emphasizing things so you know what is important and what is not.
Phil is a decent professor, lecture can occasionally boring. No assignments for this course. Lecture attendance important, test straight from notes. I never opened my book, got a B for final grade.
He is a pretty good teacher. Lectures are important to attend. Tests come mostly from lecture. I touched the book maybe two times all semester and good a B. Not too hard but can be boring a lot. I got a lot of good naps in that class.
At times he lectures non-stop. He was responsive to me when I asked him to let us input more frequently. It is an easy class if you do all the reading and actually attend. Most of test questions are addressed in lecture. I liked him.
He is very good. He clarifies himself many times. His class does tend to get a little boring, but if you go and pay attention and read you will do very well on the tests. Plus, the final is not a cumulative exam, its just the recent chapters you've done in class.
Extremely liberal, opinionated & that is what he bases his lectures on. Doesn't give a balanced view of topics; if you're conservative, even a little, you'll probably get pissed listening to his lectures. But interesting. Go to class and you'll do fine.
Excellent teacher! Very interesting lectures! If you take the time to go to class, read his online notes, and read the book, then you will absolutely have no problem with this class.
Even though everyone seems to have something negative to say about Mr. Rutledge, I think that he is a very good teacher because he is very clear in his lectures. If you simply pay attention and don't goof off there is no way you should get below a B!
Very insightful and interesting to listen to. Can be a little monotone and repetive. Learning concepts is very important in this class.
Wonderful course, wonderful man. Very insightful.
Required 5+ page paper. Fairly easy multiple choice tests. Got a B when I was expecting an A! (Got a C on the stupid paper!)
test are easy if you read the book and go to class. do extra credit it helps alot. pretty nice guy but kinda boring
His lectures are mad BORING!!
Very thoughtful, provides forum for debate and actual thought.
Lectures rather boring. Will work with students if they miss a test.
boring at times yet interesting, overall good teacher..study study for tests!!!!
no attendance, multiple choice test but tricky, I skip lots and get a B
Either you love him or you hate him. Must be open-minded & intellectual.
all lecture notes, interesting at first, gets boring 1/2 way thru, no attendance
He's knowledgeable and communicates ideas well but I still found this class very frustrating. Up to 5 hours of reading was assigned for a 50 min class. 2-3 page papers are due weekly and are pass/fail. You could write the most in depth paper the man's ever seen and he would fail you for that week if one of your references wasn't in correct format.
His class is excellent and should be taken by everyone. The tests and reflection papers are a breeze.
This turned out to be one of my favorite professors. He takes a bit getting used to-but once you know his style he is great. Don't get discouraged by all the negative reviews you read about him. He knows his stuff . If you do the assignments and show interest in the class (by attending and participating) you get good grades.
The weekly pop quizzes killed me. The tests aren't bubble, like most professors. :o(
Was an okay class for a GenED. He was a good teacher that was really into what he was teaching. I would recommend going to class it make the class 1000 times easier and makes it so you oly have to quickly look over the book.
Not the most exciting course, but he knows the right way to teach it
almost changed my major to natural resources because of him. Teaches very clear!
She is a straight shooter.
yea, i agree. great professor
if you can't pass her class you are just a loser! she's a great teacher and treats you like a real person. if you are having trouble with the class and don't let her know, it's your own fault.
Amie is great. If you are lucky to catch her class....go for it!
I felt lucky I knew math well. Lots of people had a hard time, she is very confusing at times, but if you see her after class she is extremelly willing to help you understand. The grader was very hard,you can redo homework(and tests sometimes)to get full credit. Easy A if you put in moderate effort-do hw, redo hw, extra credit work
Amy is nervous but very clear headed. She is a generous grader and the class teaches teachers some very valuable lessons: how do you make math from 30000 years ago interesting? worthwhile class
Not the most outgoing professor, but she will take the time to help you and wants you to do well.
It's true she is shy, but enjoys helping out her students.
She's just kind of shy but really a good person. If you see her during office hours for help she is very cool and patient. Generous grader at the end of the semester.
Easy, nice, willing to help.
Awesome Class, Never Boring, Teaches well, good interaction
I found this class to be amazing. Aime is very timid and leery of her students
Hands down the most interesting class I've ever taken. Tests are half lecture and half textbook derived so it takes a bit of reading. Hayes always has an interesting experiment to do or statistic to tell you. Highly recommended.
Not as much fun/interesting as Lafreniere, but still a decent class. The Child Study Center rocks, anyway! :-)
PSY 100 is not an interesting class to begin with but I think Hayes did the best he could with the material. He added his own stories and usually had an example to go along with what he was teaching. I found the tests difficult but if you pay attention and review the study guide (he takes questions directly from it) then you will do fine
Gives really good lectures and puts an outline on the board at the beginning of class. Wicked nice guy. Kind of hard tests, but as long as you aren't a dumb ass you'll be fine.
Tests aren't easy, but if you pay attention in class you'll do fine. I learned a ton from this guy.
Very good at saying and restating important info so you can take it down in notes. All test material is either A) DIRECTLY from the study guide B) very specifically from his lecture or C) part of the reading. So DO ALL THREE. You get used to the "umm"s, so get over it!
despite his lisp and his "um"'s... I thought he was a good teacher.. if you show up to class and read the book you should do fine in his class.. he was funny and pretty organized.. his tests were pretty hard but not extraoridarily hard.. he was
He does a very good job restating definitions and making an outline on the bored. If you go to class and pay attention (which is the point)then anyone can do just fine.
ignore the comments that say this teacher is out to get you, thats not possible when the tests are machine graded, some people like to blame the teacher when they failed a test they didnt study for
Very good teacher...very clear. The only reason you would have problems is if you don't pay attention or try at all...
Tests are kind of difficult- study guide is helpful- he explains the material very well
Oh come on, his intro PSY course was SOOO easy - buy and use the study guide.
nice guy...didn't require attendance - i think he is harder as a psy 100 teacher
Great class content and outline. Easily followed, but attendence is a must
Definitely has long and repetitive (if you read the book) lectures, but are very specific and helpful. He will take his time explaining anything anyone doesn't understand and is very respectful. He scales so that the class average is 70 on each test so all 3 of my tests had about a 20 point scale, it's great. Pop quizes for extra credit too.
Very easy class, very nice guy
This class is so easy if you just read the book. Lecture was actually confusing to me; the book was much more straight forward. He requires a few short papers, a couple tests, and some homework sets.
Prof. Gupta is very smart man,funny to be listen,because of his accent,but I understood his lectures much better than some other professors,because of his teaching.No homeworks,but I recommend you to do them,because all the problems on his tests are from there.It's a hard class,and you must put an EXTRA time and efforts to pass it.
Very nice man.. expects students to do the work outside of class .. and ask questions if needed. A bit hard to understand at time with the accent but receptive to questions.
Accent is tough, But he is a happy family man, and very willing to help you, you just have to break through your own barrier and talk to the guy, I also found tutors helpful for the tough math part, He let us all retake the midterm, know any other professors that do that? and gave tons of bonus points (because he knows its hard)
Great teacher as long as you're not a whiner. If you study = you do well. If you don't, you fail. At times dificult to understand... but not that bad. Yes he can speak english, no he's not ****... His exams are easy... very straight forward. Students looking to learn and study- take him.
I defintiely expected to do a lot worse in this class than I did. Mr. Gupta makes it relatively easy to understand and his tests are very straight-forward. A good teacher overall!
If you are looking for an easy "A" this class is not for you. She is a tough grader in comparison to other professors teaching RWS-100, but if you take her class you will learn and grow a lot as a writer. If you take her class go to office hours and keep up with the work (it's a lot). She is one of the most dedicated teachers I have had. Good luck
Very motivational. Loved her subject and it showed.
Summer Course. No homework/quizzes. Graded only on 3 exams. His curve saved my life! Responds to emails quickly.
Good prof. sticks to the text book since he is the author. Will take time to explain in detail in case you are new to the subject or a slow learner.
Good Professor. Follow the lectures and read the book. Practical questions. No need to mug up every detail from book. Content is ok. Half of the content is essential and half is only for people who want to be in networking. Very enthusiastic professor. This is class is not very technical
Shin is the man! He loves his students and they love him back. Extremely friendly and answers questions when you have them. Had mini-tests every week about 2-3 ch per wk and 15 questions per test. 2 group presentations. He really cares about his students and wants them to do well
This is his first semester teaching this course so the teaching format will probably change. He assigns 2 chapters a week and you are tested EVERY week. There is NO midterm or final. There are 3 case project (small, medium and large) presentations. Shin is a good guy and cares about his students.
Read the book, do the assigned exercises, and the tests should be quite easy. Your grade is pretty much up to you! Great teacher!
he is the easiest professor at SDSU for IDS 301. 2 midterm and 1 non****ulative final. read the book and do all the homework. tests include definition too. very flexible professor. take him for relatively easy A.
He's a really nice guy. He understands what it's like to be a student and is very considerate of any discrepancies. 2 assignments, 3 non-cumulative MC exams. You can get by studying the notes only, but study subnet masks from another source or ask him to elaborate.
This professor is not hard at all. He is very considerate when student would suggest things that had to be changed in class. Class was easy to follow, although at times it seems he has no idea about things he is explaining. 3 Non-cumulative tests. Nice guy to talk to. Not mean at all, smiles and treats you like an individual, not just a student.
A Linux lover, eventhough he don't know jack about it. Kick back class, great curve at the end. Everything you need is in the book. Make sure you read the chapters b4 going to class, sneaky pop quiz. Test 2 are the hardest!!!!!!!
gives out a study guide, you must MASTER the study guide to get a good grade
This professor is fair in his grading. His questions have know to be confusing
I understand why people struggle with Carla's class I think her passion for the subject (especially relating to the intersection between narrative and philosophy+social justice) makes her lectures interesting once you get past the mask and thick accent. The work can seem like a lot but it's very cyclical. Once you know what to expect you're good.
Prof Billitteri is a super super nice person, if you give her a chance and actually try in her class. If you don't she can be very rude and infantilizing, over all she's extremely knowledgeable and she has interesting things to say..
Carla is an amazing woman and teacher. But she is also going to push you until you want to cry. She's VERY intimidating, but will help if you work up the courage to ask. Remember: all grades are weighted equally. Read CAREFULLY. You will be quizzed on every assignment. Draw upon cultural knowledge and feminist theory in your papers. She loves that.
Probably the smartest professor I have had so far. She made this 100-level class extremely hard, but she has a great understanding of what she teaches which makes attending class worth it.
Hard professor, but if you want the most out of your education, you'll take her class. You have to work hard, and she expects you to be mature and intelligent, but why else are you here?
Professor Billiteri is a brilliant woman. Although her classes are hard and she does demand plenty from her students, she does take an interest in you and she is willing to help. You just don't find many profesors now a days that worry wether or not you are understanding the material, be she is one of them.
She gives constructive criticism. I thought she despised me at first, but quickly realized that she was very invested in helping me become a better writer. She is incredibly intelligent, and has very high expectations of students. She actually let our class vote a book out of her course because we all disliked it so much. She's awesome.
Carla is an extremely intelligent person and has an excellent understanding of the material. She's not easy, but she is fair.Some people may consider her aloof, but she IS european:-) If you show a sincere interest in her class and give a decent effort, you won't be disappointed with a bad grade.
I don't know what you all call a long paper, but 5 pages is hardly long! 4 days is plenty of time. I think while she is hard to understand with her accent, she makes a real effort to make herself clear if you have difficulties understanding her speech or handwriting. She is easy to get further information and clarity from, particularly via email
she is brilliant and so very helpful. sad to say class is still much over my head at least 3/4 of time
Gives it to you straight. Will help out and kick you in the ass when needed.
Liked the course, good lit.
Awesome professor. Really interesting class and he is really good at keeping peoples attention. The reading can be a little dry but it does help with the class. Not hard to get a good grade
Great and Easy Class, should take for a GPA Booster. Teacher is great as well
Miller is a really nice guy and although his study guides for the test are extremely long, and he only ends up using about a 10th of it on the actual exam, his class is worth it. Instead of writing out all his lectures on a huge powerpoint, he has pictures which really helps for visual learners. Take this class with him!
He's certainly not easy but his classes are really interesting and straight forward. He let's you know exactly what he expects from you on papers and exams, so as long as you do the work and study you should be all set.
The lectures are very fast and at first it seems overwhelming, but he covers everything and doesn't test on stuff he doesn't cover in class. Learn to take notes shorthand (very shorthand) or you will miss a lot of important details. One good way to slow him down is to ask questions. Overall, he's a pretty decent teacher.
This guy is the best lecturer I've encountered in my 3-ish years in college. Lots of work for a 100-level class, but I learned so much, especially from the excellent books he chose for us to read. Also, he's rather easy on the eyes, so it's totally worth it!
There is a lot of reading, and even if you don't like it, it is relevant. He knows his stuff. The text book is the most boring book I've ever *partially* read. You know, don't even bother, because he always covers it in class. Lectures worth attending
Very knowledgeable, you will learn a lot if you attend class, but higher difficulty level.
he's funny and intelligent......but married..damn!
I really enjoyed this course.
knows everything
Comins' lectures were actually super interesting in my opinion! he encouraged questions and always took them time to really answer them. not the most engaging but has a notebook that you follow along in. if you take a lot of notes ur pretty much golden in the class
You can tell he really knows his stuff. He encourages questions and curiosity. His lectures are interesting and his exams are very straightforward and if you study a little they are easy to pass.
The tests are easy if you study past ones, but the knowing the star charts is the hardest part. Sit next to a friend and sharing answers is the best way to get an A.
Probably one of the best teachers I've ever had. Did a great job of dumbing down complex ideas so that we would all understand. The tests were very difficult, but that's partly because I didn't study that much. He does give a pretty nice scale though.
Had him for survey level Astronomy. Really nice guy.
Neil is a nice guy, he explains the material thoroughly, but even with attending every class and many many hours of studying I still only received a D in this class. This is an INCREDIBLY hard class, and should not be entry level.
Good teacher. Knows topic and explains CRYSTAL clear. Only issue is difficult tests, however from students whining and crying about wanting to learn constellations, 20% of all tests is on constellations, which is basically bible verse memorization style learning. You get what you ask for. Everything good beside unneccesary constelation garbage
Not an easy gen ed as assumed. Professor is very good at teaching, and makes the class fairly interesting. The tests are EXTREMELY HARD, even when graded on a curve. Go to class because attendance is taken and it's hard to catch up on missed material. He gives lots of chances for extra credit, which is added to your actual class grade.
I think he is a wonderful guy: witty, smart, and extremely nice. However, his tests are VERY difficult, and you are tested not on what he teaches you, but what you should be able to figure out based on what he teaches you. Fantastically interesting class, but I took it as a Gen Ed and it ended up hurting my GPA.
He is the man!!! His class is a bit difficult if you do not study but he is pretty funny and makes it worth going!!! Plus his beard is amazing!! He is an awesome professor!!!
Great, great professor and it was my pleasure to have been taught by him. He takes attendance, so go to class. If you skip it will catch up with you. He lectures so much material that you have to take it down. Tests are easy if you attend/study. Lots of extra credit chances. Smart guy who makes a complicated science enticing and interesting.
If you're looking for an interesting and fun science/lab class this is it. Comins takes astronomy and makes it interesting to a student who has no previous knowledge of it. Attendance is taken in class, only 3 tests, extra credit assignments. If you go to class, take notes and pay attention you can do very well. Got an A
The man is a super-genius and he really really knows his stuff. After taking a class with him you will too.
A great professor that definately knows what he's talking about, he also makes the class very interesting.
interesting class and easy enough. he wrote the textbook and even gives you a notebook with all the course material outlined; you just fill it in when he says so. plus he's such a cute older man!
He was a really great teacher!! I reccommend everyone take his class.. he keeps you interested and the tests weren't that bad..
You need to attend his course everyday todo well, his exams are cramed with stuff you need to KNOW... But if you do make an attempt and are doing bad he will throw you x-tra credit and at least pass you if you talk to him...
hard class but prof comins is incredibly smart and he goes by the book
Boring class, but I still liked Professor Comins!
teaches straight from book, missed every class but still make a's... if
..........
She is a hoot. Strange lady, but funny. Cares about Latin, strangely. Didn't collect homework, weekly quizzes, went over the homework in class. Pretty easy, but I did learn latin, so whatever she's doing, she's doing well.
She is a great person, very engaging and always has a good story to tell. She is an excellent teacher and knows her stuff! As long as you do the work you'll be fine. Quizzes and Exams are definately doable.
very funny lady. dry humor, sarcastic. gotta love it. the class was good. the work is important to do. if u want a good grade, then keep on doing it. other than that, there will be no problem.
Keep up with your work and you'll do well
Great professor, just do your work or you'll be burned under her glare
As helpful as anyone could be for LAT 204... it's a difficult subject.
What a great fellow, and very enjoyable! Apparently UMaine ended up suspending him for heretical mathematical ideas. He has professed to have solved the Goldbach Conjecture and is involved in theoretical avant garde math. He maintains an Institute off campus, and can be seen wearing a white campaign hat strolling around campus.
Brilliant
Long live Pogo! He's smart, funny and the arguments in class with his wife are priceless. Attendance is optional but he definately motivates you to read the material, just like says. Go to the class.
wow what a trip.
You learn a lot more than just logic in his class. It's one of the most fun ways to get rid of your math requirement.
Take this man's class before he retires, you'll be glad you did.
Very funny; easy material
Guy's crazy, but brilliant, if people would shut up & listen, they'd learn a bit
People don't appreciate his genius. Pogo is a great Prof.
Genuinely concerned about your progress, wants students to do well. Sweet man.
so so funny, one of the best classes ever
good teacher, funny as hell, many skip his classes.........
Such a great professor and lady. She has expectations from her class and exams are not very easy.
This professor was very helpful and obviously has a lot of knowledge about nutrition. She is difficult to understand at times during lectures and through her writing, but not so much that it would interfere with learning. This class was very informative and fun. I would give her a solid A.
Very good teacher, material is interesting but kinda tough at times.
I thought that she was a really good teacher and I learned a lot from her. She does add her opinion to many of her lectures but I thought that they were very interesting and entertaining.
This class is easy as hell, seriously. I hardly went to class and got an A. All you have to do is do the homework/ lab material and read the book. She has an accent but it isn't hard to decipher. The class should be called "The American Diet Sucks 101" because all Dr. Zacas does is bash the American Diet and revel in her wonderful greek roots..
not a hard class... but harder than i expected it to me... u do need to do work to do well
She has been one of the best teachers I have had at the university
I think she's great! i found you have to sit in the front to understand what she's saying but if you go to the lecture and read the book, you'll do fine on the tests.
very enthusiastic and knowledgable....have to study though, not an easy A
I took this class online and it was super easy, just a weekly discussion post that only the prof and TA read, and then 3 quizzes and 3 papers, but she cut the papers down to 2. Such an easy grader, if you do the work, you'll succeed. I never fully watched lectures, just a few minutes in order to say something for discussion posts.
Very easy grader, takes late work without taking off much points. Required readings were easy I skimmed them for the most part to write my essays. Online class with lectures you can watch on your own time.
Most of the exam questions are about material in the lecture so go! The main assignments are super easy and she wants you to do well. The TAs are heavily involved so reach out to them before you email her.
There's a ton of extra credit and the main things you get graded on is iclicker attendance and "couple assignments". The material is fairly easy to comprehend and all the quizzes are open note, it's obvious she wants you to do well.
Sandy is a solid professor. This class is graded on 3 exams, 3 papers, and iClicker points. The papers are pretty easy, but the exams are pretty tough so make sure you study hard. She provides crossword puzzles to help you study which are super helpful. Her lectures are interesting and even pretty funny at times. Solid class, would recommend.
Overall a respectful and inspirational professor. My only complaint was that the tests were challenging. This is a class that requires a lot of studying. Don't expect to get an easy grade just by reading the book. Be prepared for the 20+ minute timed tests.
This class was one of my favorites because most of the classes were either guest speakers or activities done by volunteers. At first I thought the class was going to be hard because of the timed quizzes and tests but she gives a lot of other assignments and offers extra credit which really helped my grade. I would definitely recommend the class
Such an interesting class, some topics are harder to talk about but she made them fun. The essays were easy As as long as you read the books
I thought Dr. Caron was a very good teacher in lectures she likes to interact with the crowd walk around ask questions. She uses a very wide range or teaching techniques and interesting ways to teach the material. She has some fun classes and work for outside the class.
funny and actually not rude as some people have claimed. she's pretty sassy but if you actually work like a college student in a 300 level class you will easily get an A and she will be willing to work with you. Gives a lot of extra credit.
Love the class -- As long as you show up and don't sleep (it's hard to with how interesting her lectures are anyways) the class is well worth it and easy to pass. It's a fun and interactive and there's lots of extra credit! She's my favorite professor and I recommend any of her classes to anybody interested.
Wonderful professor. You get to know her more and respect her more in smaller classes. Her bigger classes it is hard to have a good student-professor bond. She is willing to help and is very understanding. Do not BS her though, she will know and will not like it. Respect her and your learning and there will be no problems!
Very fun and exciting class. Tests require you to remember back to previous lectures with guest speakers which can be hard, but overall an easy and fun class.
Greek Peer Ed. Must apply to be in the class. small discussion group with a few class projects. Easy A, really fun
Boring beyond Boring lectures. Guest speakers very frequently. Do your work and its a very easy class, but avoid it if your trying to learn something.
Best teacher at UMO!! Everyone should take a class with her. She was so nice!!
This was the Human Sexuality course. It is a lot of reading and weekly work. It is not an easy course. Several books must be read also. You will learn a lot and grading is more than fair. Extra credit chances to make up for bad tests, etc. Great professor and very fast turn around for test and paper scores. It is upper level and is taught as such.
I have found that much of what Sandy covers in her class is information that the individual can use for the rest of their lives. Her class is unique because it provides the student with insight that cant be found in other courses. The lessons are about life,family,self-esteem and relationships. The material is to the student's long term benifit.
very awesome class, so glad that i took it. worth attending and fun
Although it's a large class, it is always interesting and fun. She also interacts with the students every class, and brings in a lot of guest speakers.
Great class. Easy A as long as you go and pay attention. Class is never boring- theres always a guest speaker or skit or somthing different. She really puts the students first and cares about her teaching.
Easy A, class is interesting and funny. I think one of the only classes I never dreaded going to.
great class. fun and interesting and she's a good speaker
I loved this class! She reinforced the text through creative "lectures". I highly recommend this class!
This was a fun class to take, but its a huge class. We had a good time though....just watch her slides sometimtes she goes through them really fast.
Very interesting and helpful professor...I would definitely recommend you taking her class.
A fun class, Sandy puts a lot of energy into it, and brings cool guest lecturers in. Definitely a good class to take. Just go to class, do the few assignments, and make sure to study the things that she says will be on the prelims, and you'll do fine.
i loved her class the best one of the semester!!
best class ever
Me. Petersen is a really good professor. Sometimes he can have a bit of a temper and seem really awkward but he generally does care about students wanting to succeed. Make sure you come to class though or you will not pass the course and he grades tough.
Dr. Petersen is an incredibly intimidating man. I was terrified of him at first, but after awhile he settles down and he's approachable for the most part. If you work diligently and do as he suggests, you'll be fine. He sincerely enjoys his subject and doesn't mind helping you out. His personality doesn't work for everyone though, so just be aware.
Took his honors class, but probably should have just taken standard. He's an excellent teacher though. He is always willing to help his students and offers advice/criticism in a constructive manner. There is a lot of work in his class, but it keeps you on top of the material.
Grades harshly but fairly. A grammar nut, but that's the only way you'll learn. Keep a close, close, close watch on your commas - a misuse of them will kill you. His quizzes are fairly easy if you read the material and are a good annotator. Take him if you're up for a good challenge of your writing skills.
Expects alot out of his students but I learned a lot in his class. I hated him when I struggled but I appreciated him when I understood. He does indeed border on uppity. Thinks his 50 years of experience makes him better. But he will tell you what's up without qualm. Once you get to know him he is highly interesting.
Petersen is an excellent teacher, but he's juuuuuust over the line of uppity. Plus, he lectures for an entire class (no need to read the text in advance!). Why not let the students read some portions aloud? It's a lit class! It would keep them awake.
Awful teacher, doesnt actually teach he just rambles. His English is broken and he extremely insecure about attendance. Prepare to write 2 pages every class in 20 minutes.
Super awesome professor! He really knows what he's talking about and you can tell he's passionate about it. The tests are pretty hard, but he curves really well. Take notes on everything, and do try to participate when he asks questions. If you try, he notices and he is almost always available before/after class to offer help or further explanation
Take good notes.
BEST TEACHER EVER! He is so funny and interesting! It makes me so mad when people complain about how hard and mean he is, when it's those same people who DO NOT study. You're in college now, it's not suppose to be easy! I received an A in this class because I STUDIED. However, DO NOT expect an A or even a B if you don't study! I love Dr. Leimer!
Dr Leimer is a very good teacher. However, if you do not study study study his lectures you will fail! I honestly loved the class though! He is a very funny man and if you answer questions during class he will like you. You have to enter this class with a good mind set and good study habits and you will do fine!
This is not an easy class, and he doesn't make any bones about it. He is very helpful and extremely intelligent. Study hard and put forth genuine effort and you will do fine.
Not an easy class! If you study and work hard, you should do fine. Some others have said the rocks aren't the same on the test...well he tells you that up front. You just have to know how to recognize them! I suggest taking pictures and studying with a buddy.
Okay, his class is very hard, but he's clear on his expectations and you learn a lot!! Bad reputation isn't deserved - but if you don't want to learn/study, don't take his class.
Leimer is very hard. If I had it to do over again, I guess I would still take this class. I have learned alot of things however most of those things were never on the test. I made a 48 on both test which is a D. I am not sure what I will get out of th
he will go out of his way to help you...even if it's not related to his class
Great professor, he really loves his poetry. Theres a quiz almost every day over the reading for that day and the previous lecture. Theres a few group projects that are 100s if you put forth some effort. No essays or tests. Easy to make an A or B as long as you show up and read for every class.
There is a lot of reading you have to do for this class! But, this class was very enjoyable and he gave some extra credit towards the end of the semester. Make sure you read (dont sparks note it) everytime he says to read. All of his grading comes from quizzes and one presentation. Sometimes his questions for his quizzes are very specific.
Professor Saya is cool. He knows his poetry and he makes sure that you know the poetry too. He is very chill about most things and will definitely help you if you ask. Very lenient when it comes to due dates if you talk to him about it. Expect a lot of reading but not much else. Two exams. I would definitely take him again. Like I said, he's cool.
Get accustomed to always having an assignment or reading due every class period. He grades your assignments as pass or fail which is pretty fair. You will need to participate a little, and try to not miss class. He is a great professor, and his class will make you a better writer.
As long as you do the reading, the class is really easy. He gives short little quizzes almost every class, but they are very easy if you read. There were no essays and no tests, so the class was a breeze. Would take again.
There's a lot of reading assignments in this class, but it's a writing class so it helps to read the stuff he assigns. You have to be open to talking in class and sharing opinions about the classes' work / your work. You have to write poems and a story and the class reads what you have written so you can't be shy about talking in front of people!
There's no papers in his class, which is a plus. But there are reading assignments almost every night and a quiz every day. If you read them, you will do fine.
Dr Saya is a great teacher! There are no papers in his classes. You will take a quiz in the class almost every day. There are no tests either. You have to read the assignments to pass the quizzes. Great class!! Definitely reccomend
No tests but quizzes almost every class. He gives you an exact syllabus of when you have the quizzes. I never fully read them but used sparknotes and I am making a low A. He is very funny and a nice guy. If you fail this class you need to reassess your priorities.
I was 6 pts away from an A at the end of the sem but he still gave it to me so he's pretty lenient. Quizzes every class over the reading homework, lots of details but you learn what to look for. Presentation at the end of the semester, but not a big deal- you only have to go when its your day to present so there's not a lot of people to watch you.
Saya is by far the best creative writing teacher. His class and lectures and interesting, and he'll help anytime you ask for it. I take Saya any chance I can. His class is easy, and we didn't have any quizzes in the creative writing course I took. The assignments are fun and easy.
This class is a great way to develop a creative side.No tests!No papers!Daily quizzes and a five minute speech are the only requirements.Tom Saya is down to earth and highly recommended.
This class requires a lot of analyzing; you must be able to read stories and poems on a deep level and for plot summary and themes. Mr. Saya starts each class period with a 5 question quiz (not so easy), and then the rest of the day is open discussion or group work (always fun).
Mr. Saya is a good teacher. He is very helpful in explaining everything. I am bad at reading comprehension and I have to read the same page over and over to understand sometimes, but I made a "B" in the class. You have a quiz every day so attendance is key. it's hard at the beginning but at the end of the semester it gets EASY so don't stress.
Lots of reading, quiz questions are a little random but not too hard, and there was no final; just a brief presentation. Very interesting and funny professor--highly recommended. You learn a lot!
Not a bad teacher and has a pretty good personality. He pretty much tells you what you need to know, but if you don't do well with quotations tests then watch out. Easy to get along with, stays pretty much to schedule. For fun, some classes you get in groups and discuss what you read. ONLY 3 TESTS/GRADES!!
I had him for Honors Amer. Lit. Although I'm just a freshman, he's probably the best professor I've had so far. He's funny and really clear about what he expects from you. In class, he goes over every thing you were supposed to have read the night before. He basically gives you the answers to the tests the day before.
He resembled Johnny Depp before he got all his hair cut off. You write a lot of papers but he graded them pretty leniantly because I got great scores on all of them even though I struggle with comma usage.Very,easy,take him,if you want;an easy,A.He has an awsome voice!
A great guy! Fun to interact with in class. He had a laid-back quality, but still found ways to interject humor. Take him if you can.
Anyone who gives you a grade for describing a pencil isn't too bad...fun and pretty easy!!
Nice guy. Not too hard. Interesting.
Not going to lie but he is a difficult professor, he really makes you work for it. I think he is very good at conveying the information to you and tries really hard to make it understandable. He can be a tricky grader but just do the work like he asks (its very easy) and you'll be fine. He is a funny guy and likes to make class interesting.
Dr. Hanselman was great! Do the work and you will do fine ask questions and take the homework seriously. I would recommend taking the class in May Term, I did. Its a lot of work but come on your only taking this class if you are an engineer. This isn't art class its going to be hard but if you study and listen to him you will do fine.
Professor Hanselman is a great teacher. Tests and homework can be a challenge, but are doable and there aren't any tricks. He gives you the resources to do well as long as you put in the work. He is funny and really inspirational and one of the best professors I've had. You will not regret taking this professor unless you are lazy.
I had Professor Duane "The Rock" Hanselman twice. For the same class. His class is challenging, his grading inconsistent. That being said If you do everything you can you will pass this class. He has one of the greatest personalities of teaching an Engineering professor can have. I would totally have a pint with Hanselman. Such a likable fellow.
He teaches well, the humor was a good part of class, however his grading scale is harsh, do everything EXACTLY as he does and you will be fine. He can be quite mean sometimes, but if you go in he will always help you, for class or for not.
He ain't half bad, but STAY ON HIS GOOD SIDE! He has his favorites, who recieve more lenient grading than everyone else.
not a great teacher, but very clear.
He actually likes the material and has office hours unlike that dirtbag Vetilino
good explainer - bad textbook petty about labeling conventions
2 A's, not to shabby. I want to have him for all my classes!
Nugget
Turned over a new leaf
Good teacher, expects you to work
This guy is AWESOME! Best teacher I've had!
She is a linguist at heart. The work is hard, but you learn a lot. I have taken three french classes with her and they were all worth it. And she really likes chocolate. That changes her mood pretty quickly.
Friendly, helpful, some homework seems ahead of what we are studying in class, and it was a drag to go to class every single day of the week so be prepared to eat,sleep,and breath french. Not good if you have a full load or more of classes. Class is OK though, can be fun sometimes, and she tries to help the best she can.
Better than most instructors at Univ Maine. Her homework assignments are more advanced than the class lectures though, but she is helpful and friendly.
Very nice and very helpful. She doesn't like to use english in class though. Everything is done in class. Over all a great teacher. Very easy class but fun.
Easy to talk to, helpful.
Jane is an excellent teacher, she's very helpful but a little too serious though
I have him for invert. He's a great teacher but you have to want to participate in the class discussion and do the questions in order to keep up with lecture or it just seems pointless. Lab is really fun and free format, look at what you want and do what you want as long as you are thorough. I'd take another class with him again any day!
I haven't had Dr. Tyler for a teacher yet. I have him for an advisor and had a "class" with him on the schoodic trip. He's really interesting and always helpful and you can tell he thoroughly enjoys teaching and advising. As an advisor he understands what the student wants and hes easy to talk to.
Professor Farthing is a very intelligent man and I love that he doesn't teach from the book all the time. He incorporates his own research, his own experiences and interesting videos in his lectures. This course is easy, but you do have to attend class. His test questions are taken directly, word for word off the handouts he gives in class.
This guy is a great proffesor, knows his stuff. Class meetings are always interesting and worth attending. People that are whining about this guy definitely did not try in his class, all you need to do is read the assigned chapters, take notes and study a bit for a good grade. He gives exam study guides and does reviews that make exams easy!
Interesting lectures. Gave informative study guides for exam preperation. This professor is a much better teacher than people give him credit for!!
There was alot of information that needed to be retained to do well in this class but if you do the study guide questions as he gives them to you (and start doing them before the night of the exam) you will do pretty well in his class.
I thought GDub was a great professor! His teaching technique forces students to actually use their brains and study... that is why his ratings are so low. Everybody gives high ratings to professors that just hand out an A. I learned more in his evolutionary psychology class, than in any other class at UMaine. Props to GW Farthing.
I dont understand why everyone has given him such poor ratings...i thought he wass a great teacher and i learned a lot. He also gave us lots of chances for extra credit, so maybe if you got a bad grade you should blame yourself and lack of effot
He is an excellent teacher. Believe it or not, if you actually GO TO CLASS and take notes AND study you will do great in his class! He is extremely clear when presenting information in class. He speaks loudly and clearly and will tell you everything you need to know for tests. There are no tricks here. AWESOME TEACHER- to the point, no BS.
I thought he was very intelligent and fair. Evolutionary psych is a hard concept, yet he makes it interesting. Do the work, and you'll get a good grade. Study guides are lengthy, but very useful! If you're into actually learning a subject.. take a course from him.
Very interesting if not a bit dry from time to time. If you ever want to not take notes for a day, just bring up sea kayaking on Schoodic Point. You'll see what I mean.
I never heard anything mean come from his mouth, and I am female. Very helpful. Class was profitable. He has a dry sense of humor. I see nothing wrong with that.
very fair- clear about expectations
He's tough but fair. WHAT A STUD!!!
Easy, yet interesting class.
Great professor, very knowledgeable. Very easy A in this course. Attendance is a must but thats pretty much it. No tests, no quizzes, no homework. It is a easy class but you also get a lot out of it, due to his skill as a speaker.
Kooky, but nice. Advanced comp was tough, but it's advanced...not easy. Worked very hard to make me a better writer, was always willing to read a draft, and helped a lot in the creative process. Also, took examples from your own writing to show mistakes, or good things. I learned a lot, even if I still don't like to write much.
Great class, wonderful professor. He challenges people's beliefs but is very respectful at the same time. He's also hilarious.
I loved this class!!!! Nature of Story.. I think he is a great professor that tries many different venues to get to his students.. I think he's funny, and his tests were ONLINE and easy if you actually went to class.. I had a lot of fun in his class and I would reccommend his Nature of Story class to anyone
Professor Wilson is one of the best professors I have had at UM, if a little vauge. The ENG 131 class is EXTREMELY easy given you attended class and did the readings on WebCt. There were only two tests, both of which were easy. Overally enjoyable class and great GPA booster if you need one.
I don't know why so many people dislike Wilson. I enjoyed the analytic writing course I took with him, and although he gives biased paper topics in his religious literature course I still learned quite a bit. He isn't a prof that will hold your hand, you get the end result of the effort you put in.
Nice guy, much more open to the idea that Christianity isn't the way, and educated about it. Taught well, one of the nicer profs.
Hardly anywork required. class is an easy B or better
not tooo hard, classes usually not worth making an apperance @ class
boring, but a nice guy. Tests aren't as easy as people think.
I thought that the class was intresting, but a little slow
Very funny teacher. He did a good job at explaning things.
taken over internet--5 papers due, that's it
VERY easy class! I definitely recomend this class, it requires little effort!
I absolutely loved Professor Bernhardt. I took both phy 121 and phy 122, he was extremely helpful, clear, and entertaining. He is so knowledgable and will take the time to explain. Do not use your phone during his class, you will be called out and yelled at. Definitely attend all lectures, recitations, and labs, you just need to.
Excellent prof!
Lamen terms kind of guy. Best physics professor in the school Approachable, funny, and underrated. Few have the gift for teaching... he has it.
Can explain even the hardest concepts. Best in physics dept.
Great prof, funny, clear, interesting. Take him over Smith anyday.
Such a tough grader!! Ive never felt so good on an exam and ended up doing so poorly!! I can't believe the lack of partial credit on his exams! the only way to pass is to be perfect which is nearly impossible
I took mat 228 in the summer and it was worth it. Serge is one of the best math teachers I had ever had, he explains the concepts well. I would highly recommend this professor.
Excellent instructor - exams make sense, based on homework assigned
great math prof.
He can be a bit of a talker and goes off on random tangents all the time, but just listen to him talk, take decent notes and answer a question once in a while and it is an easy A
Doctor Malmude is awesome guy with groovyness attached
Good teacher....boring sometimes.. but you learn more than you think you did
An extremely brilliant man. If you like history, ask him questions. You'll get amazing details from him. Never uses reference materials. Has everything in his head
I'm so glad she had a great TA. Lisa really held everything together. I couldn't get Nancy to respond to emails, but Lisa always did - she's really approachable.
Nancy Kelly is an absolute genius. I have never had a single professor teach me more than her. If anyone could possibly find something bad to say about her, you need to get to know her again. she is always optimistic and give people second chances. she is a great professor.
She is involved with a lot of things, which makes her kind of crazy sometimes, but overall she is really nice and I do not know many people that disapprove of her
Dr. Gilson is awesome! He is very caring about his students and loves to have discussions based on the course materials. The discussions with him helped me learn much more than any of my other classes. He makes classes worth participating in.
If you're a social work major, you'll need to take SWK 380. Take it with Gilson...he is one of the best professors I've ever had. He's extremely caring towards his students, helpful, intelligent, insightful, funny, & interesting. The class is *very* easy. No real tests. Class participation is important, so speak up!
Amazing Teacher!!! You cant find much better! He really cares about helping his students and want to see them do well! I feel like I have done less work in his classes but have LEARNED THE MOST in his classes! Anyone who gets to take his classes is very lucky!
Gilson is great, one of my favs
His written explanations are awful, but he is a wonderful man and good teacher
Try and find old tests because he doesn't change them.
He seriously is amazing and passionate about the class. He doesn't care if you stay at Central for your degree but will help you figure out what degree you want. He uses a lot of real world applications too and was always ready to answer questions in a way we would understand.
Pretty cool Prof. likes to make lots of jokes but no one really thinks they are funny. makes me laugh though. teaches material really well and has a lot of demonstrations!
good teacher great class
Good instructor. Fun class for most part. At least he trys to keep your interest when the subject may not be the most stimulating :) Great labs. Just make sure you show up for class everyday. he does take attendence and counts it in your final grade.
Plastics class. very fair. not easy at all, but teaches everything tested well
i actually had him for tennis he is a nice guy. however he takes too long to start the class.
He was the coolest and most easiest prof I had for math. People said he didn't explain things well but i just think it was dumb students who didn't know the meaning of the word COLLEGE. You need to read the book people! Take good notes and STUDY!
this teacher is pretty cool but if you dont like doing homework in the computer then this class is not for but other than that this is a good class and fun to the teacher is funny
With age comes wisdom and knowledge. Although he is old he is smart. he knows what he is teaching and does a good job. He makes it easy to suceed in his class while still learning much.
if you want to get an A in his class, you can easily do it. We do our work on the computer so we can do our homework whenever we want. This allows us to speed up on what we know, and take more time on harder things. Great Guy.
His class is easy if you know math. He does talk about tennis and his family.
he got me through math 65 i hate Math Very good teacher ask 4 help if u need it
He was pretty cool. 4 tests and a Final. Collects homework day of the test.
The assignments are up at the beginning of the semester. However, he grades extremely hard. He would remove points if you did something wrong even though his instructions are unclear. Do all the extra credit! Do all the assignments & go to the lecture, this will help you on the tests! Do not miss any assignment, I believe you can get an A.
The perfect class to take if you need for GE requirement. This class will teach about politics that we see nowadays, and the most challenging thing is the research essay (start doing ASAP). The professor is clear with the teaching, and he provides tools such as links & videos with the purpose of completing the course. If you want to learn, take it.
It was my second time taking this course, it is easy to fall back since the material is quite easy. He gives 4 extra points in tests including the final. You can also drop an assignment and take the final for double. Gives a lot of extra points. No late work accepted. Tests are 100 questions long with a time limit of 1hr and 30 mins. Overall good.
Good things about Saenz. He provides everything; lecture notes and what to study. Take advantage of the extra credits which totally helps balance your grade. Took him for fast track and was the best. Several Discussion Posts and exams; exams are multiple choice & T/F Questions, some questions were confusing by the way he word them but really easy
Mr. Saenz is awesome ! been taking him since 101 now 102 and 'm very bummed he doesn't teach POL 103 or 104. Fast replies to emails, cares for students, funny and sarcastic, and overall a great professor. Highly recommend !
To get an A is to read all the materials he gives you so that you can pass the test. Also, do the extra credit! He also lets you drop one test to double the points for your final.
Prof. Saenz is a good Prof, but this class moves slowly. In my mind it was a HS civics class (Do they still teach those?) that could and should have been taught in half the time. If you've previously taken a U.S Govt. class this should be a piece of cake for you. Be careful of page length on the research paper. Too long Fail!
You get to talk a lot about politics that is going on right now in his class room sometimes it takes the whole class time but it's cool. If you say anything that doesn't make sense he WILL tell you. He's a funny guy but when it comes to trying to talk to him after class he's not really that approachable.
PROS: Gives lots of extra credit, extended deadlines, allowed notes for some exams, also allowed to work in groups on two tests due to covering a high amount of material and dealing with complex concepts. CONS: Takes attendance right on the hour. No study guides is what I disliked the most.
I don't know what the others are talking about but this class is unbelievably easy. Instead of buying a textbook he provides one online he has made. He teaches what he tests. He does have 2 written tests, but they are all memorization. He provides extra credit and he allows some tests and quizzes to be open note and open class. Super cool professor
He is a super sarcastic guy but in a good way. The reading materials are kind of long but sometimes funny because he would put in some funny comments. His lectures are funny, but you need to pay attention to what he says for the quizzes. The tests have questions from the quizz and the quizzes are open notes so take notes! Do research before hand!
Great teacher is very nice and friendly and funny. Helps clears out things you do not understand. I would recommend taking this class if you dont miss days and pay attention youll pass.
Print the lecture notes, pay attention, study you'll be fine
Mr. Saenz is cool I would have a drink with him if I could. I got an A probably because this stuff interest me. But I don't see how anyone could fail it. Take good class notes, be involved, and read the book. So far the coolest professor I have had at SWC. Shouldd be an easy A but I can see how it can be boring or uninteresting
Great teacher. Makes the topics interesting. You MUST study to pass. Lots of memorization, but nothing too harsh. Sense of humor. NO TEXTBOOK!!!
I took the online course and it was very helpful, he doesn't require to buy a textbook, he gives you notes to study on. Throught the course you will need to participate in DB and do some quizzes, Mr. Saenz is always willing to help you with any Q. Take the class.
He is awesome. Funny and makes everything easy and fun :)
He is hoooot!!! and his class is easy, open material quizzes, easy A
SCOOP - "Modern Teacher" Knowledgable, Energetic, Lectures, Focused, Sense of Humor, Points for any participation. No Text, yes! Free Text Online Copies, Handouts Lots of Typed Notes, a Text worth. Tests based off of Texts, Open Note Quizzes, Same Questions. Reading Neccessay. Read Texts, Pass Tests, Minimal work. Highly Recommended.
PS 101. -- Great teacher. Little arrogant sometimes but in a good way. Knows his stuff. Class consists of mostly open notes assignments, group projects, etc. Tests are pretty straight forward. Tells you exactly what you need to know for it, word for word. Open notes final. Easy class, got an A. Rec you take him.
Saenz is a great teacher. Basically, go to class and pay attention. Before EVERY exam, you take an open note ver., then the next week or class you take the same exam but closed note. He GIVES you cheat sheets for his exams. Might seem too easy but I know I learned stuff. Pretty funny dude. BTW: He's into sports and plays golf. Spark a convo.
Take this prof, Cool as hell! I took it before and got a D and was ZZZzzz, but this guy teaches today's stuff and is fun and interesting and I got an A.Must take your English classes first for you peeps who want to get your GE's done too fast.There is a research paper.Bonus points avail, which I did none and still got an A.Tests are WYSIWYG. Read!
take his online class. there is no textbook requried and the work is really easy. the tests are confusing but he gives a lot of free points. he was cool and the start of the class and i dont know what happened but his emails became more and more rude and he turned into a jerk. stay on his good side and the class is easy.
I took his class online and it was short term. I love it because there's no textbook required. He provides the reading material and you just gotta print 'em. They're about 20 pages each section (4 sections altogether). He's not the type that re-sets the test for you so BE VERY CAREFUL or go to the library when taking the test! Overall, he's easy
Took this class over the summer. Good teacher. No textbook required. He has all the material to read on Blackboard. He tells you exactly what what is going to be on the exams, so very easy A if you come to class and spend a little time reading his material. Only "hard" part of the class is the paper...make sure you have ALL of the requirements.
Saenz, is a great professor, not easy but fair. You need to READ and MEMORISE no books, just some poor trees giving up their bark, funny, doesn't push his views too much on us, wish he would talk of his experiance, now and then? Take him easy A.
This is a very easy class, and you actually learn. Saenz gives you a fair amount of time to study for tests and to finish assignments. A good grade is guaranteed if you do well on ALL the easy tests. you will be assigned two research paper, but again- you will have lots of time work on it. No book is needed, but you have to print out lots of materi
Phil, is a very good teacher, he really cares if you do will for you can tranfer to a 4 yrs. He is answers your emails, as long as it is about the class, and keep the Blackboard up to date for you. But make sure you LISTEN to him and DO what he tells you! Yes he is very sexy!!
Very helpful. Available for students' questions
Mr. Saenz is very approachable, and will give you a fair chance at getting an A. As long as you study his guides, which he give's in advance, you're fine. He also cares about his students, he used a whole class period to take the the class to the transfer center.
Saenz is a good teacher. He is straightfoward and uncomplicated. Study what he gives you in blackboard. There is no textbook needed. He takes attendance in the beginning of the week. There is plenty of memorization, scantron test, and group assignments. I think the semi-hard part was memorizing the written exam stuff.
Easy Teacher! He gives the answers for the test a week in advanced. He is a smart a$$ but very funny & witty. He likes sports, so he can go off topic. No Book needed, everything on blackboard. He gives tons of extra credit,
He is a very nice and easy-going teacher. His tests are easy because he gives the notes that will excatly appear on the test and if you take good notes and pay attention you'll EARN an A.
Easy class! Everyone should take him
Somewhat easy class..I dont know why they say hes hot..
Saenz is a for sure A. The test are on the handouts, so you dont need a book for the class. I would take him again.
He explains everything really good and everything he talks about is exactly like that on that test.
Easiest class that you actually learn stuff in.
Really Good teacher. Really kick back. class is always interesting. makes jokes. tests are easy. just have to memorize the written essay parts and u'll do fine.
Wakes you up to a world of politics. He has funny side comments and gives extra credit. Overall--good guy.
mr. saenz is really good.. he is very knowledgeable in politics and have a broad view of political issues. he is cool, the only thing i kinda don't like about him is he cusses too much. other than that, he's great!
Very funny guy, I've had a lot of Poli Sci teachers and he's the only one I would positively recommend by the end of the class!
Makes material interesting; can take a joke - I gave him a really hard time.
CUTE!
i recommend you take this class with him during the summer; much easier
very cool guy, easy stuff, must attend, can cheat on test
She is a really nice professor and will teach you a lot. Participation is important and the better she knows you the easier it will be to get your questions answered and do well because she knows you care. Take the time to review before each test and you will do just fine.
Profesor Haq is a good choice for someone that does NOT wish to be fluent in Spanish. She didn't grade our assignments until the end of the semester and put final grades up a day after they were due. If you are the type of person that needs feedback do not take her. She's awesome & If she graded in a decent amount of time I would def take her again
I really loved her. She's awesome.
super nice and sweet but just a little unorganized and very hard to get in contact with, scheduling office hours is nearly impossible, the class is definitely an easy A if you do the work and come to class, there's is a LOT of homework but it is all online (and most of it you can google) but overall a good class, just a little annoying
She was a great professor as long as you work hard. The work isn't necessarily difficult, but there's a lot of it. She clearly cares about your success and will get to know you personally. She was constantly coming up to students who emailed her previously and asked if they had gotten the help they needed. Attendance is taken daily and tardiness.
This prof really wants you to succeed and is very enthusiastic. If you put in the work you will do fairly well. Although, lots of online hw every week and either a test or quiz once a week, which is helpful to bring up your grade. Many grades in the grade book so there are many opportunities to improve. Would definitely take her class again!!
She is a fine person, but I do not like her teaching style. In addition, she takes forever to grade assignments, so it is hard to accurately judge your standing in her class. there are a lot of group conversations, but spanish is really challening
She creates easier tests than another teacher I had, but her teaching method is to teach directly from the book, which she pulls up every class. This means she does not reword much. She also has us speak in small groups frequently. She's probably easier than some other teachers, but if you prefer to learn from a powerpoint, she doesn't.
Professor Haq is very clear in her explanation of topics and moves at a reasonable pace through the material. Homework is frequent but not a big load and is a valuable tool to ensure learning without having to do much independent studying. As long as you participate and show that you try, she will support you and help you get the grade you need.
Fatima is very helpful and likes to see her students do well. If you like spanish and are willing to look over things, her class is extremely easy. Each test follows basically the same format. She's a sweetheart and really encourages participation so make sure you try to volunteer.
This class is very easy. I took four years of spanish in highschool and we didnt even cover all the tenses. I got an A- and not an A only because i never studied and was cocky in my spanish ability. She is an extremly nice lady. Attendnce is mandatory.
great teacher, prepares you for tests and very helpful. wants her students to succeed. recommend !
She's so great..whenever people do bad on the tests she lets you make up a section to get points back. She really just wants her students to do well.
I loved her she was the best teacher I had all semester. She is really nice and always willing to help you. Her Spanish is really clear and easy to understand.
Professor Haq is definitely a great spanish teacher. She does her best to clarify what she teaches so that everyone can understand. Although she can be slow to give out grades, she is very nice, caring, and really wants to see her students do well. I would definitely take her again if I have the opportunity.
Fatima is a great professor stuck teaching an overstuffed curriculum from the spanish department. She always has a nice big smile on her face and tries to help you out as much as possible. Oh and she has the cutest little daughter! She helps with study abroad recommendation letters and information as well.
My favorite teacher ever! I had her twice and I'm going to Costa Rica with her this winter for the study abroad. Definately you are lucky if you get Fatima.
great personality, pacient, and helpful...best language teacher ever!
Wonderful woman, she is kinda like your big sister. TAKE HER CLASS!
Great prof, very helpful. I think i speak better spanish than she does though.
Knows what she's talkin about, very helpful, knowledgeable
Shes really helpful and one of the best profs ive come across.
good teacher, fun class, def a hottie
gorgeous
Good class, Very Interesting and extremely informative. For exams, he gives you people to read up on, but you don't have to; just find them in the book and read the synopsis of their passage to get the gist of it. Easiest exams I've written in college.
The key is to write down everything he sais, which is easy cause he talks slow enough, and study just notes for exams and you will definately get a good grade. Just memorize the notes.
Yea, he's very dry, stodgy, and he does talk like Tom Brokaw, but he's pretty awesome cuz of it. He's kind of hilarious actually, an acquired taste though. That aside, he knows his stuff inside and out, will meet with you after class if you wish, but won't hold your hand. The material is always so goddamn interesting though.
The class is what you make of it. Budget the reading on a daily basis and keep up with it, and you'll learn a ton and do very well. Don't do the reading and you'll end up with a C. Books are kind of dry, but they make sense if you keep pace with the lectures. Class is same format as the class below, but with a book on Eastern Europe thrown in.
Incredibly smart, great (though dry) sense of humor. Gives interesting lectures, tests actually cover the important stuff, but can be rough. Great if you want to learn, a nightmare if you want to slack off.
Guy kicks ass. Smartest guy I've probably ever met.
Friendly and conservative, extremely interesting, but unclear on paper assgnmnts
Great teacher. Easy going. Unlike most professors, he gives make up exams.
Favorite professor I've ever had at UMaine. He is so organized with how he presents the material that I can actually write it & remember it! He's super passionate which keeps you engaged/from getting bored. Tests are straight forward w/ study guide. He's strict about lateness/people texting etc, just don't be dumb about it & you'll love him!
If you study the material well, the exams are easy. Just rewrite your notes in essay-form. I didn't really read the text books and did fine. The book reports were a nice GPA booster- I suggest really reading them and not the spark-notes. He was willing to meet with students and TAs were helpful. Really wanted to see us succeed. Great teacher!
Lectures are well-organized and he provides the topics for each lecture before class. Seems very knowledgeable and is approachable. If you attend his lectures just don't walk in late, but I think that is just common courtesy for any class. Also provides a study guide for each exam, as long as you study with that you will pass his exams no problem.
Dr. Grab?s expectations are clear and upfront. His knowledge is excellent. This was one of my easiest As. No textbook reading is required if classes are attended and good notes are taken. Class time was always beneficial and interesting. Bad grades are only the result of poor attendance and inability to follow simple & specific directions
Good guy, good class. Only professor with the balls to show some chest hair in the middle of December. He's a funny guy that makes the class enjoyable, engaging, and worthwhile. Go to class, pay attention, and you'll do well. Exams are fairly easy. He's by far the most personable of the history professors that I've had here.
Funny guy!
Cared about the subject but wanted more from the class. Wanted an interactive class, but a lecture class with 50 people for a survey course doesn't usually allow that. Grading was fair-hard, but overall the grade is an accurate reflection of your work.
I thought he was very clear and made the material easy to understand. He goes at a pace that is not too difficult to keep up with. He's just a no nonsense guy which people confuse with meanness. You do right by him, he does right by you. Good guy and fair.
Wonderful sense of humor. Overall a good instructor. Loves class discussion. While he encourages opinions of his students, one can't help but feel that sometimes he boldly rejects them. Besides that one flaw of his, he's a good instructor.
Engaging, knowledgeable, and extremely clear from the first day of class about what he expects. Tests require a lot of studying, but he provides a list of terms to prepare with far in advance. Classes contain lists of terms and he explains them all thoroughly. Found him to be one of the best professors at this school.
Good professor. Very engaging in his lectures, humorous quips, interesting anecdotes ease the constant bore that history can be. A little long-winded and very picky about things like emailing papers, late papers etc. but worth it.
An easy class, but he grades harder than most. You can study for hours and still only get a B.
I loved him. Go to his Office Hours and he is so passionate about his subject. He is an amazing source about the Holocaust. His 100 courses and im sure his other courses, always talk to the TA and see how they grade because they usually determine grade
lectures as intresting as subject allows, enthusiastic about the subject obviously enjoys teaching, tests are tough you have to work for the grades, but hes fair. reccomended am taking him again
I thought he was a good teacher. Despite his accent he is easy to understand and learn from. I like his style of teaching and he is nice and funny. You have to work hard though for exams.
Kinda hard to talk to, but a pretty good prof.
Awesome professor - kept the class interested, and gave great lectures!
Good professor ... can be funny sometimes
well prepared and knowledgeable
He's not horrible, but its really hard to get what you need to know out of the class. He can be condescending at times and the final project is a looooot of work so get started on it as early as you can.
Easy, Boring Class. Bad Jokes, but knows what he is teaching. Draws on a lot of valuable experience, which after all is what the profession is about.
Despite what many ppl think, this class really isn't that bad. Everything is open book and he is willing to help if you approach him. Class can be boring, but definately helpful to attend when doing labs.
He knows his stuff. It's not his fault the kids don't pay attention
while sitting through class can be rough, pretty easy course equals decent grade
He can be boring to listen to but he knows his stuff. Very helpful. Be good at writing or dont bother being in his class
interesting lectures with a structure thats easy for notetaking. very animated and entertaining speaker.
Great teacher, always willing to help out his students and very enthusiastic about the things that he teaches.
Are you people prior to 06 talking about the right guy? I've only had him for 3 classes and I think he's AWESOME! I stay glued to my seat all class, I never dose off or daydream, and I feel MORE than comfortable in a classroom setting with him. He's so enthusiastic and witty... I'm so confused by the negative comments of the past.
This class was definitely enjoyable. Prof Cole is so enthusiastic about the topics, and he is totally open for discussions in the class at any time. The grades were based on essays which were long, but not difficult to write. Go to class and do some of the readings and it's a breeze.
Apparently I missed something-my experiences in prof. cole's class have been very good. his lectures are interesting, the papers arent tough (lengthy though) provided you go to class and do the reading, and he does not seem to be arrogant at all. he has on several occasions presented viewpoints contrary to his own for our consideration. recommended
Hes smart, and he will help you if you need it. However, he can be cocky and downright annoying sometimes. But I wouldnt let it deter you from taking the class.
Once you get to know him, he's a cool guy and he's willing to help.
Very accommodating, and gives introspective feedback.
intelligent and fun
Very informative, scripted classes get dull however
I'm taking Sheila's class and she is one of the most amazing people I've ever met. She has such an amazing auditude and is very understanding. The class widely dependent on attendance and I reccomend to always make up any class that you have miss at her later yoga classes. I suffer from anxiety and I have used many of these exercises daily.
I took Professor Folkes' Intro to Kinesiology class and it was very interesting and fun. She knows her stuff and really has a true passion for kinesiology. The class itself is not very difficult, mainly graded on a couple presentations and papers you do. Great professor overall (:
Found his lectures to be pretty straight forward. Work and test lined up with lectures. Compared to other econ classes I have taken he was a shining star.
Cool Prof helped me out alot with things jsut go talk to him in his office
It is very obvious that Cook is passionate and cares about what he teaches. He really enjoys telling students about world nutrition. His lectures can be very long however, since he talks very slowly. There is also some reading required for this class, but I found all material to be interesting. There are only three exams, but there is extra credit.
Pretty cool guy. youll get a good grade as long as you go to class and take notes and pay attention. you have 3 exams and thats it. your final is to make your own food from a certain country with a group and present it to the class
Easy class with option for extra credit to get points added on to tests. Don't need to do the reading, just take good notes in class and you'll be fine. Definitely an easy A. I recommend taking the online version of the class.
Fine class. Don't really need to read all that's recommended, if you pay good attention in class and take notes. Eating the various foods at the end is very fun.
nice guy, boring class
Awesome lectures.
Seemed clear to me, was quick to help, love HW policy.
Hard tests, flexible hw policy saved me, doesn't care if you pass the hws late
In PDEs I found him to be extremely helpful. He took class time to address a concern of mine If he comes across rude you might just be a pansy He is willing to help at any time and even responded to my emails immediately at night. Basically if you fail it is not this guys fault he'll go pretty far out of his way to help you
Bill Bray is the man. As long as you take notes and pay attention you will get a good grade. All you have to do is study. Oh, and by the way, 66 is a C which is defined as AVERAGE, so get over yourself and the padding you've been used to since freshman year of high school.
Billy Bray is a good natured Math professor with a good sense of humor and who clearly knows what he's teaching, but the classes often times move at far too fast a pace. He is fairly clear and quite helpful, but sometimes he just can't go down a level to help those who don't quite get it a his rapid pace.
He uses very long examples, that take up the whole class period, to explain one little concept.
Nice guy, not too hard, willing to help, overall very good
I LOVED Jane! She is clearly passionate about childrens literature and is willing to help you with anything! She is willing to help you work out solutions. Workload was alot, but if you do it throughout the semester and don't wait until the end, you'll be fine. For Jane, everything is "grand, grand!"
She's the most caring and involved professor I've ever had. She's cool and easy to talk to when you feel like you're in a rut. Always willing to compromise and figure out solutions.
This class was very hard, but Jane was ready to help you with anything!
The class seems overwhelming at first (there's a lot of work, but it's not hard) but the class overall is a lot of fun. The syllabus is really hard to understand - my advice is, as soon as you can, to write the important info from your syllabus in a way that you can clearly understand and reference it...it'll make your life a lot easier. :)
I love Jane because she will drop whatever you are supposed to be learning to tell you a story about when she was teaching. She is always on the soap box and it is great because she really cares about children's all around development, not just whether they learn to read and write. She is a fabulous resource.
She's not joking when she says you have to work hard, but she is there for you if you need help and is really understanding. Don't be scared to ask her for advice on stuff. She will make the class fun! But she expects you to be on top of things.
Awesome teacher. The classes are a ton of work, but you learn so much. I would definitly take these classes with Jane. She is very understanding and helpful!!!
An amazing teacher. These classes do have a ton of work with that go with them, but as long as you stay on top of your game things will run pretty smoothly. Great Professor!!!
one of the two best teachers in ed. take at least one class from jane, because this is the only chance in this deptment you will actually learn useful information.
Very passionate, excellent advice and suggestions
A ton of work, but you learn a lot
Soooo much work but she makes three hours fly by.
Professor Townsend is obviously very knowledgeable on his subject, and he's very entertaining to listen to. That being said, the lectures can get boring. I found it best to watch the recorded versions after class on a faster speed. His exams are all open book, but you can get through them much faster if you have already read or skimmed the book.
I know a lot of people find this class incredibly easy, but I struggled. Dr. Townsend was very willing to help me out though. Hes very very accessible outside of class. He has office hours, but he will try very hard to make other times work. Do the extra credit, go to class, read his lecture notes, go to the reviews and stay on top of it early.
Don't buy the textbook, probably opened it twice the whole semester. Posts last years exams on blackboard. Study those and you will pass. All of the homework is optional and helps a lot with your average. Scales every test significantly. Holds reviews the night before exams and homework due dates. Overall good class just a lot of information.
I found the class very easy since he wrote the textbook and it covered exactly the same material as lectures. I didn't attend class regularly since I didn't need to be there to do well, but I loved the lectures that I did attend and would definitely choose his classes again if they were required for my major! He's a fantastic teacher and person!
Great sense of humor and is always willing to help, just ask!
David Townsend loves his job. He also wants other people that science is for everyone, just not Marine Science majors. He wrote the textbook, so he does read from the book, but his lectures are interesting and he tries to end early every week. If you do the extra credit and study off last years exams, getting over an 100 in the class is possible.
I loved the class I had with him, he wrote the book that you use in SMS 100 so its a really easy class. Wonderful guy, will help you pass if you need the help.
He is a cool guy that really cares about his students. He wrote the book himself but I wouldn't recommend buying it. He posts a study guide and last years test online before every exam. Between those two, its an easy A!
Great teacher. He is very clear in what he is saying and want students to do well. He gets a little side tracked here and there but he makes up for it in the knowledge you receive from his class.
Definitely the best teacher I had this semester. He really knows what he is talking about and he is really funny. Read the book, study a decent amount, and pay attention at all the lectures and you should have well over a 100 percent in the class.
He is such a great teacher. Really he gives everyone a chance to do so well and if the class does poorly on a test he scales the test.He gives very detailed information, that you need to go to class to learn. But he also has study session before exams that are very very helpful, basically tells you whats on test.
He is my favorite teacher by far. If you actually listen to his lectures, they are very funny. He gives you all his notes in the library too, plus the slides from class online.
He is the best professor at UMAINE, by far!
Wonderful professor, loved his class and he is great to learn from. Very approachable if you need help.
One of my favorite professors I've ever had. Very funny. The material is very comprehensive and you get access to his typed notes. I rarely attend lecture because I simply read the notes and do the homeworks, but I do find the material fascinating. He scales tests to C ave and the test are already very well written. Take this course! It is AWESOME!
Very intelligent professor who clearly knows what he's talking about. His lectures are too fast-paced at times. He has a sense of humor that adds interest to each class. He holds regular review sessions, leaves detailed notes available in the library, and has a series of extra credit homework to help your grade.
This professor is smart and understanding. He teaches articulately, with a few nerdy jokes thrown in. He's the only professor that told me to throw the book out! His knowledge is based on experience, and he's very approachable.
great guy, great material, if you want to know about the water and the earth and such.
Intelligent... super easy class
Great professor, engaging lecturer and you can tell that he knows what he's talking about. He's done a lot of research and teaches a lot from his own knowledge and experience which is often times more reliable than the textbook.
It's a tough course if you sleep during class like me.. but it's not b/c he's a dull teacher.. He's actually an awesome prof.
AWESOME.Well worth the title professor.
Very passionate about everything he teaches.
Great class, lots of notes and long tests, but lots of extra credit opportunity
If you can't pass this class, you don't deserve to be in college
can you say reading comprehensive exam?
Very sexy guy;)
a monkey could pass this class, and its very interesting
Nice class, lot of notes
The class was not that hard. However, if you are not interested in anthropology and archaeology it is very boring. The tests are all multiple choice and if you pay attention in class they are not terribly hard.
Great Professor, his tests reflect the study guide. He really tried to spark an interest in the subject matter for the students.
He is a really good professor and person. I'm taking another class with him. Tests aren't too bad
weird sense of humor, some lectures are boring but he incorporates a variety of presentation styles, i.e. videos, guest lectures, the museum tour, etc. tests are easy if you study from the study guide. he made anthro enjoyable overall.
A little weird... walks around all the time like a monkey... but otherwise a great teacher. Tests are kinda hard :/
Slow grader but nice guy. Interesting topics.
easy class, borrrrrring lectures. straight from the text, too
I took him for ENG 212. Very boring class.Very boring way of presenting info. Death penalty subject for entire semester = very boring. Not a terrible teacher, just BORING. He needs to switch his material up, you can tell hes getting burnt out about it.
Good guy, more interesting subject of Jack the Ripper than all the other ENG 101 courses. Clear enough so you can figure things out for yourslef.
As a person he's an okay, pretty cool guy but not as a teacher.
Doesn't believe in A's...or B's
There were 3 grades total that made up your average in the class (a paper, group project, and final exam). Even though attendance wasn't required, you should definitely go to class and take great notes. To get the most out of the class, outline early on using the learning objectives from the syllabus and keep updating as you go through the weeks.
Prof Rangoussis is a nice guy, if not a little bit sassy. Take your time on the individual paper and run a draft by him. The group project is hard to manage so try to get started as soon as you get your groups. For the final, study the learning objectives!! It's definitely not a breeze but you'll do good if you study. Go to class!!!!
Graded on a paper, a group project, and a final. Everything on the final comes directly from the learning objectives, no surprises. Take good notes from his PowerPoint slides and use them to study. Don't even bother buying the textbook, you'll never need it. Professor was chill and our class shared laughs, but he doesn't play games!
Prof Rangoussis made a 3 hour block class fun and engaging. He's a bit intimidating at first but truly just wants you to learn. If you show up to every class, read and memorize the cases, and STUDY FOR THE FINAL(!!) you'll do fine. Not the easiest class but definitely one of the best I've taken at AU.
Great, prof, one of my favorites. Not a difficult class, and you'll learn a lot. He's engaging and funny, and has a LOT of good stories from his time as a Baltimore prosecutor and a JAG lawyer in Gitmo.
Justice Law and the Constitution. I don't usually comment here, but Rangoussis is by far one of the best, most interesting professors I've had at AU. He knows his****, and he 's excited about it. Sometimes things are a little difficult to grasp, but he's always helpful.
Good prof. Only 1 paper and 1 final. Presentations are very clear. Definitely take his classes.
Grosswiler's a cool guy, and he definitely has experience, but his classes aren't all that great. You learn more from reading the textbook than from going to his lectures. In CMJ 314, at least, her just gives you crosswords to fill out -- and you can just Google the answers, and then he just reads the answers in class. It's not that great.
Prof Grosswiler is a great professor. He gives students options, and always makes his grading work in the student's favor. He is extremely nice and willing to help. Lectures are incredibly boring, but I learned a lot from the class. Do your work and pay attention, that's all.
I took Mass Com history with Grosswiler. This professor is very flexible and kind. A lot of students seemed to find him very weird, but enjoyed his teaching style. Used boring power points, but his side comments made this class worthwhile. One creative project, journals on chapters, and 3 tests that are very flexible in how you take them.
Really nice guy, very good professor. Lectures can be confusing, and he takes a while to pass back papers and exams. Material is dry, but he tries to makes the lectures interesting. Always willing to help students and cares about their progress.
A good teacher and a great guy. The material is interesting and his lectures can be fun on the right days. His tests (multiple choice) can be difficult if you didn't go to class or read the books.
Very liberaly, pretty easy if you just do the work. Kind of bland, but raises interesting points. Interesting perspective. Basically, if you know how to write and read you'll get an A.
Gives quizzes on the readings regularly, but uses really random difficult questioning. Exams are pretty foolproof if you stick to the study guide/team jeopardy questions. He's a good guy and will give you individual help anytime but also has painfully dull lectures. Seriously. Painful.
Good class...good professor.
The class was boring,but he was amusing,things he said kept me smiling for days
best prof I know
Hey! I like the guy! He's fun and not boring!
I never had a problem with her at all. She graded kindly and updated me on current world events.
very very nice lady...classes are repetitive and can be a bit boring, but overall she grades pretty easy and it's easy to get away without doing the reading...i'd recommend her for a honors preceptor
Had no troubles in this class. Robbins can be a tough grader on discussion posts, but if you put in the effort and you can definitely get an A. Three exams for the course, 40 multiple choice questions and two short answer, reasonably graded. Would take again.
This class is great if you're looking for an elective 3credit course. I love professor Robbins as his classes are mostly all set up the same. 3 Exams (open note), 3 discussion board posts, and 1x a week short activities. If you don't do well on an exam these posts and activities can really help your grade, the exams are also always curved a little!
This class is online and consists of three exams as well as six short discussion posts which are graded out of 10 points. They are very easy to get in the 9 to 9.5 range. The lectures are easy to take notes from and the only time I read the book was to write the discussion post.
He seemed enthusiastic enough and you can tell that he knows what he's talking about. Better than average teacher, would take a class of his again.
Really nice professor, but very monotone. Really hard to listen to the lectures even if you try. Weekly quizzes are easy As and tests are really easy if you read the chapters and study the vocab in the chapters. I usually studied for 2-3 hours and got A's on the tests. He uses Pearson and clickers for HW and attendance. Overall, really easy class.
Robbins gives 0.5 extra credit points every lecture you attend. Really, you could either attend lecture or read the textbook. Both wouldn't be necessary to pass the class. 80% of the class grade comes from the four exams (including the final), and he curves them tremendously. The other 20% comes from weekly online quizzes, and those are easy 100s.
Very respected professor. Amazing lectures
Robbins is a good professor and he loves the subject. If you read before the tests they are pretty straightforward. A good Gen Ed class.
very long class, can't say i ever attended a full one ... good luck sitting through the whole thing!
Robbins rocks! Yes, he tells stories - personally they help me to understand the material better. Yes, he does sometimes go till the last minute- Is it bad to use the whole class time? Read the book, go to class and go over the essay questions he posts and you should pass easily. It helps if you like Psych.
Tests were hard and the textbook wasn't very good, but the professor was very intelligent and a nice guy.
Professor Robbins is a very sweet person. He is so gentle and laid back. The material is interesting; however, the textbook is difficult to comprehend. His tests are rather hard. However, he has the course set up so that everyone should do well if you try.
He knew all of our names by the second week- that makes him awesome.
A genuinely nice, smart guy. Can be a bit dry though.
not a bad prof, easy to get a decent grade in his class
nice prof, willing to bend the rules.....
Tends to tell random stories, but an excellent professor.
ANT 317 was fundamentals of archaeology. For me, as a freshman taking it my second semester, she was really into the class, since she has a lot of field experience and loves the subject. Her problem sets are easy, since she just grades them on effort, and if you study your notes and the terms in the book you should be all set.
She is very helpful if you go talk to her. She is very good at what she does, if you like the subject, get to know her! you will learn. She does better in small classes where people actually want to be there. She is very involved and interesting,even funny.
she realy knows the subject and has personal experience in the field. You can tell her passion for the material. this is my second class with her and i hope will not be my last. Good Job!!!
i think she hates teaching all the 1st year kids. from an older head like me, she gets 2 thumbs up.
Great class and funny teacher. A bit of a tough grader, but if you pay attention and go to class, you will have no problems. I am defiantely going to take a class with her again at some point.
I thought this class was a good class. She made it easy to understand just a lot of material. I think she is very knowledgable!
She's the funniest little old lady, with an awesome accent. She's not the clearest at times but just taking the class is worth it. Very talented, and funny. Take it.
Class was a bit boring at times but shes got good humor and can play the piano like crazy. Shes sick wit it on the piano. Very nice person. Take her class if you get a chance to its worth it. You do have to put some work in if you have never taken music before but if you have taken music easy A or B
Really fun person, low stress, teaches well and plays better.
one of the neatest people i have ever met, everyone must take a clas with her
Loved her class and loved her as a professor! She's not for every person, because you have to learn to just go with the flow and assignments will change on a whim. Very concerned for her students and willing to answer questions, and as long as solid effort is put in you will pass.
Professor Hayes has been the most insightful, helpful, and interesting professor I have had in my four years in the UMaine psych department. She is the reason I am considering grad school here at UMaine. FANTASTIC teacher, amazing person, extremely interesting background in psych.
Tests are a little difficult with tricky questions. A little loopy in lecture and lecture often boring and repetitive. Truly cares if you learn something though and is willing to help you all the time. Does scale tests and study guides aren't very helpful.
she's quite knowledgeable of the subject matter. The powerpoint presentations were good.
She knows her stuff and she
interesting class, somewhat fun...
Hands down the best teacher I've had at college.Has many tricks that he developed on his own to make problems easier to solve. Exams were easy to pass if you knew the conepts, but extremely difficult to get an A on.
Very good, but HARD, class is always worthwhile
A true gentleman. Eric Beenfeldt cares about students and he works hard to make sure they realize their potential. His courses are difficult, but rewarding if you are willing to put in the effort.
Course material is difficult, professor is good.
Don't expect partial credit, it's rare, but other than that, great teacher
great prof, easy class(especially after doing Intel assembly)
Good teacher, funny guy, easy to talk to.
Dr. Stokes is one of the best professors I have ever learned from. His class on animal nutrition is tough with a lot of information that has to be learned but he teaches it in a way that makes it possible to understand a very complex subject. He always takes time to explain the material and makes time to meet with his students.
Stokes is a great guy and brings a lot of humor to class. His tests are NOT hard if you just study the prelims from the past years! He asks the same questions. He gave extra credit opportunities to those not doing so well. Fun class overall, and I learned a LOT!
hard but a good teacher
Difficult class but he teaches it well and is fair on tests(which are very hard)
He's a lot of fun and he loves his subject. Not a particularly difficult grader and, in my experience, mostly looks for true and honest effort. Very approachable so if you're struggling stop by office hours. Only complaint would be how reading intensive this course was, but that's to be expected. Plan your schedule so you have enough time for it.
Great professor who really cares about his students. Willing to help and can make reading something dull really enjoyable. A great class, would take many more classes with him if I could
I have mixed feelings when it comes to Evans. His classes are interesting, and he does a great job of at least seeming structured and prepared. He's not one to (harshly) disagree with any of your insights. However I get the feeling that he isn't very "genuine". I'd be interested to see how he grades each of his students.
Steve Evans is both an intimidating and fascinating individual. The subject matter of the class I took with him was a struggle for me, but he always made class interesting, and he was always available to help you. He is also incredibly attractive and possibly the best-dressed professor on campus.
a great professor
Steve is pretty stylin'.
He is the best teacher I have ever had! Passionate about what he does and delivers well. He is not an "easy A" though. He expects you to read the material in the books for his exams and attendance is expected. 8am is a tough time, but his lectures are fun and lively. And never an empty seat.
Dr. Butterfield is a great professor! He is tough, but very good. If he's hard on you, he likes you. If he's not, then you better step up your game and make him like you. You will have to do the work but it is totally worth it!!
Seriously a smart man. Great teacher and really gets into teaching. The lab is a great challenge
Your all-world sweetheart!! Had Walt almost 20 years ago for coaching principles and May term for outdoor preparedness. Hope he's still kicking tail on the squash court and usig the same funny sayings.
the only people who don't like Walt are the ones who can't stand a little bit of discipline. show the man the respect he demands and he will go above and beyond for you
Walt could fight the entire KPE student body at once and win
This guy is the man, must be mid 60's and is in better shape than half the kids in his classes. Very nice and funny. Class wasn't very hard either.
Tony is the easiest honors preceptor there is. I didn't have to read the books. He doesn't believe in grading, so everyone gets an A "unless you do something to not deserve it". He is difficult to get a hold of outside class if you need him, but he's really intelligent and thoughtful in class. Almost no papers because he didn't want to grade them.
If you have the opportunity to take a class with Brinkley, DO IT! He cares about learning and not grades which results in an easy A and the opportunity to seize the vast wisdom he has to offer.
He is one of few professors that really care about the meaning and knowledge that a student takes from a class rather than the students testing ability. It is difficult at first because he does not rely as much on grades as most of us are used to but if you pay do your work, go to class, and pay attention you can learn a lot from him. : )
What you get from Tony's (HON) class is what you put into it. It can be an easy course in which you learn nothing, or it can be one of the mot rewarding courses you've ever had. Discussions are often lofty, but meaningful if you can manage to follow them. Assignments are sparse but he gives good feedback. I would recommend this professor.
Very intelligent and leads some great discussions. Cares about the desires and interests of students.
Extremely loose and easy going. Overall, a delightful class. Didn't have to read or buy a single book, watched alot of movies, and had a lot of good conversations that usually had nothing to do with work. The easiest english class ever, for all those slackers in the world you'll have a ball in his class. He says class is madatory but not really.
Definitely an unusual guy who will make you ask, did he really just say that? More than once, but also very thoughtful, interesting, and funny.
A great professor. He has a lot of really interesting things to say about the stuff we read (and you really don't even have to do the reading and you still learn a lot). His voice is pretty relaxing though, so consume some caffeine prior to class. Very relaxed about assignments and deadlines.
Changed forever the way I view literature, higher education, and life itself. Tony is the MAN. Do not confuse his manner with lack of clarity. You must listen, not hear, to understand. Worth every second.
Never mind those who say he speaks gibberish. He is brilliant, and if you don't understand him, maybe you are like the quote "when an ass peers into a book, you can't expect a wise man to emerge" Come back after you've read for another 12 years
If you like creative and a not-so-rigid schedule- this is for you
excellent professor...and has funny stories to tell in class
WTH is wrong with people who use race as a criteria? To those who say "look past the color" that is disgraceful. Williamsport wake up. The world is not so stupid as the rest of this "we take all applicants" college. Grow up a little. Dr. Das is an excellent professor. HE was in Who's Who 4 years in a row. What is your accreditation?
Accent isn't as bad as people say, explained things thoroughly by going over and over. If you show up for class and take notes class is comical and is fairly easy.
He makes up for lack of good english by relying mostly on common sense teaching.
He was a really good teacher. Very understanding and the class overall was interresting. He doesn't just stand up and teach he gets you involved too. Everything is based on a point system so you know what you need to do to get the grade you want. As long as you do the work and follow his outlines, it's an easy A.
I think that he was a very good teacher. He always gives you more than enough time to get things done. You can pass his class even if you fail all the exams. you just need to take the 4 quizes online and do your current event reports and disc. boards. EASY CLASS I recommend him.
He does alot of powerpoint. If you get the workbook, every one of the notes is in there. Ask for help, and he will help you.
Professor Mitchell is a very good math teacher. I recommend him to anyone. He is extremely fair and wants his students to success. Go to class, do the homework and review for the tests.
He was very thorough and clear. I think he's a good teacher. Kinda goofy though, he gets REALLY excited about math sometimes.
Very intelligent and helpful. Dr. Mitchell does not kill you on grading. He was one of my best math professors at Penn College. There is no reason for you to do bad in his class, just read the book and do the homework, simple as that.
awesome teacher. i took him twice and he is just an all around awesome man. hes funny too, which makes class interesting! take him!!
He is an amazing teacher! Very very helpful. If you need anything rexplained he doesn't mind and he loves what he does. He wants to see all of his students do the best they can. If you have the chance to take Dr. Mitchell please do, you won't regret it!
Dr. Bob is a great teacher. He has a lot of energy and teaches things very well. You just have to study for the tests, and do the homework then you're set.
OMG!!! don't ever go to class! it's a waste of your time! the class is way too easy!!! i got an A and i hardly ever went to class. as long as you give him your homework and show him that you can handle the material without going to class, you will be fine. the book ummm i think we only used it for homework but then again i was hardly ever in class.
great teacher. made math fun and the final was a breeze. grab the course if its open.
Maybe the class was too easy, but this guy taught it well. Tries to make it as fun as possilbe, but sometimes confuses himself. I'd take him again if I had the chance.
the calculus program at this school is a little ridiculus as far as cramming in a huge amount of information in a short time. mitchell makes things a little easier with a good teaching style. i even decided that if i weren't struggling to pass, i might have looked forward to going to class.
What a great teacher. Do the work, go to office hours and ask a lot of questions. He is willing to help anyone that puts an effort into the class. When in doubt, just ask. Tests are somewhat hard but if your prepared, you should be able to get through them. Tests are just like the homework.
Dr. Mitchell is the coolest teacher you could take for math. take him in the summer. EASY! i am a poor math student and i made it through the summer compressed course, did no homework and even missed some class. easy guy to get along with
Calc 1 wasn't easy for me but he presents material clearly and is helpful....also you better know you algebra [thoroughly] or he will cut you apart in front of the entire class...other than that no complaints!
extremely helpful.. he taught a total idiot how to do math
Class moves at very fast past, not much in class help, lots of homework
if you dont like random yelling or banging on things, Fontaine is not for you! keeps class interesting and funny, but the text book is heavily relied on for your success in the class and tests. take good notes!! pop quizzes are graded out of 5 questions/points, very common sense in all his teachings.
Fontaines class is straight and to the point. Gives great lectures and is very knowledgable. Study key terms, read the book, and do the essays and youll get an A.
He talks very fast and has some weird talking habits, but overall he's a great professor. Pay attention, do your homework & study vocab words and you'll do fine!!
I enjoy Dr. Fontaine immensely. He's very intelligent & his lectures are interesting. There is assigned reading for every class along with chapter key terms to learn. He assigns essays directly related to the upcoming test which allows you to grasp the concepts better. He loves pop quizzes-keeps you on your toes. Studying is a necessity!
Great professor with interesting stories. I highly recommend him if you are a psych major because his course will really test your knowledge. You must work to earn an A. Plenty of reading; no way to cut corners here because you will fail. If you are lazy, don't even think about this course.
Dr. Fontaine knows his stuff!Always willing to help if needed. Yes, he does say "aahh" a lot, but there is no reason to critize him for that. He is smart and directs his point across. Everyone has their flaws and he's an older gentleman, give him a break!Class is a lot of work, but just read a few pages a day. Do not wait last min to read.
Intelligent and good sense of humor. It annoys me that ppl make comments that he is gross. If you are immature, do not take the class! To get an A, read every chapter. Dr. Fontaine is a nice man!!!
This guy is hilarious!! You have to try in his class but its worth taking if you want to fully grasp the subject.
What a great guy. Very hard class though. Very intelligent and very funny. Makes the long class go by quickly. Learn the learning objectives he gives you and you wont have a problem. It was a pleasure to have him.
Awesome teacher, is really interested in pysch! Of course you have to read the book! Its colege!Time to grow up! In the real world you dont get 15 tests and then they get rid of your lowest 5. REALITY CHECK PEOPLE!! Good professor if you put effort into college and wanting to succeed in the real world!!
DO THE OBJECTIVES!!! One girl in my class would go up to fontaine during his office hours and make sure that her objectives were all correct. If you do that you're guarenteed an A on the exam because the objectives is exactly the exam -just reworded into either multiple choice or essay format. hes a good guy!If he knows that your tryin he'll pass u
Awesome guy! Take him if you get the chance. Of course he doesn't care if you pass or fail, how many teachers do? He actually has a large D scale, he doesn't want people to take his class twice. So you might actually be better off here anyway.
Fontaine is intelligent. He actually thinks about the subject, outside the box, personal reasearch, interesting. I loved his class.
A lot of people told me he was the hardest professor on campus, but he gives you a list of everything on the tests!! There's a reason he hands out the objectives, people! Study them!
Dr. Fontaine's class is no walk in the park, but he lets you know what is going to be on the tests. You really have to work for grades in his class, isn't that how you learn. He does have a dry morbid sense of humor, but i think it helps get his point across.
his class is challenging but he lets you know exactly what to expect for his tests. He will help as much as he can but you have to put alot of effort towards the class, too! must read before class and be well prepared!!
Awesome teacher -- if you want to learn. MUST study and take notes. He expects you to know the material for tests. (notecards work well for this class.)He is brilliant and knows his stuff. Very approachable!
if you know the learning objectives you will get an a on the exams.
Best lectures I've heard from a prof. There are only 5 tests to determine grade.
Now teaches at CSU Stanislaus, hard to understand, but he wants his students to learn. He does whatever he can do to help you. His homework isn't too hard, he is a little more critical on his test tho. Good Teacher overall.
Smart SOB...a little Iranian but a Good Guy!
Great teacher. Hard to understand at first. But helps you out.
One of the best, Reza is the man.
I have had prof Landers for 3 classes (ACC 346, 331, & 210). His classes are very difficult but that's what college is supposed to be like. If you need help he is always willing to listen & give you a hand. Very helpful & cares about his students. I highly recommend him as a teacher. One o my favs. Too bad this is my last class with him!
Landers is very good at explaining, hard, but a good teacher.
Accounting is not an easy subject to learn to begin with, but I think that he tries to make everyone understand the material. Dedicated to helping his students, better teacher than the others, or so I have heard.
He has a sense of humor that wants to come out, and he uses his store as an example of real world accounting. He is a hard grader and if you don't do the assignments, you will be miserable. Accounting isn't exciting, but he tries his best to make it int
GREAT prof!! He's funny, engaging, and loves what he teaches. He tries his hardest to make people understand the material and stops lecturing for questions frequently. I HATE science with a passion and absolutely adored his class!! I would take another class of his in a heartbeat even though I don't need it for my GFR. Whale story, unbeatable!!
one of the harder 100 level classes, dont take it unless really interested in human geography, its a must to go to class if you want a decent grade
This class was a lot of fun! He always kept things interesting with jokes and stories. He used Power Point and posted the slides online. However, he left some things blank to be filled in in class, which imo was a great way to piss off the people who thought they could skip class and just print out the notes :)
Great Teacher! Don't let him fool you with 'I run this run course like a 300 level course' crap. It's so easy, I do hardly nothing and get B's. He likes to make you apply what he teaches too, and asks a lot of questions to the class.
I think that "Scottie" is a good proffesor. The guy is very smart and knows a lot of stuff about the topic. However, he focuses on stuff that are not very important and the test is hard as hell. This is not for Geography major and its too hard for a 100 level class. Needless to say I'd rather be rap
interesting lectures
"Dr" Jeffrey is a great lecturer. The scope of the class is so large that keeping up with the reading is a much. Listening to wacky anecdotes in his class proves to be a good time though (be sure to find out about the whale story).
He definatly knows the material, you have to work hard to learn the material in 302 it is a weeding course. The main thing you need to do is LEARN PROOF DIRECTLY FROM THE DEFINITIONS, and read the book and do the homework, definatly put time in this class or you probably don't want to continue doing math as a major
Easy and well-spoken professor. The homework was a bit difficult because most of it was out of the book. There was no final, just two papers in reflection of the class and what we learned.
He's just fine. Likes to throw some funky questions on exams, but if nobody gets them he'll make them extra credit. I got an A without too much effort ( Calc 1 was easy for me, and probably would have been with another teacher.)
He's a very intelligent man...knew the material well. I recommend him to a friend.
Easy for this class, not sure about his others.
I thought he was a good teacher but you need to pay attention, take notes, the usual and you'll do well.
If you get on his bad side, BEWARE. Just sit in class, don't say a word, do the worksheets before class, and pay attention when he goes over them. Many quizzes = many chances to get a good grade. Class is usually over in 20 mins. If he does give a "lecture", it will be hard to pay attention becuase the topics are boring haha. He hates religion.
This guy obliterates anyone who challenges him. He will help you if you need it. If you do what he says you will get an A. Cool guy, very sharp.
I once saw him make a student weep openly with nothing more than the sheer force of his critical thinking skills. He was right when he did it, too.
The best professor I have ever had!
"Ah, I see there's a Ms. ---, who has dropped this course." ::looks at ---:: "What are you waiting for? Leave." <-- That pretty much sums him up. You'll love or hate him for the same reasons - I found his course extremely easy and very instructional. I've used the material often in biology courses.
Mr. T. is truly a teacher for intellects. People who have logical weaknesses are threatened by his assaults and take him to be mean. He wants you to think B4 you speak. NEVER EVER ask a question u didn't think about 1st! I spoke to him after class manytim
whoever doesn't like him because he's 'unapproachable', i say try harder. Don't look at just the exterior. He knows his stuff in Philosophy. Do your work and you'll learn a lot. He is actually very understanding.
Wierd guy, but great professor.
philosophy of asian martial arts-great course
She is a wonderful and really helpful prof.... But don't be a doofus in this class. Ask her questions, show up and you will get an A. If you are lazy and dumb you will get the E you deserve. This class is the perfect answer to the lab requirement. I highly recommend it.
Karin is wonderful! She is really funny and SO nice - I am a non-science major, and don't really like science but this class is interesting and fun. A perfect way to meet that obnoxious science + lab requirement.
She brings her dogs to school and is really friendly and always tells stories. She is serious business about attendance and turning in assignments on time so don't think you can slack off in this class. Overall its a good class with interesting labs - but you better come to every single one!
Karin Readel is fantastic!!! She is helpful but you MUST ask her questions, she is there for her students *always* but she can't be if you don't go to her. Also, don't be an idiot when it comes to late assignments - the class is not hard if you pay attention. Karin Readel is wonderful but she isn't going to deal with people being stupid.
One of my favorite professors! Doesn't use text, relies on handouts. If you're unclear about anything, answers questions if you ASK, but be persistent in getting her attention. Tells entertaining stories. Knows her "stuff." Be on time, she almost always has class. Can be unclear or tell long stories, but ask questions! Also a great advisor!
At first she seemed like a a mean lady with a badass attitude but once you get to know her, she is helpful. She likes to help student. Her class is alot of work but and it is easy. I went to her office hours and she seemed very helpful and considerate. The only thing that bugs me is that she treats students as kids and is a little condscending.
AMAZING, she is super awesome, super fun nice *insert all positive words ever* She invented a non-major class to help put the rest of us she ROCKS!!!!
The class is easy overall. You just have to do a lot of work. Quizes, lab reports, ecobeaker. It is not hard, but takes some time. Quantity rather than quality really matters
I absolutely hate this class but I really like Prof Readel. I also love her dog, Bob, who is sometimes on campus. This class really is not fun though. It's a lot of busy work. A LOT of busy work. Blackboard is basically supreme ruler of the universe in this class. But still it's not that bad, just really annoying. Readel is awesome though.
Dr. Readel is extremely approachable and helpful. If you show up to lecture and take notes the tests are fairly easy. There are only 2 exams, a midterm and a final. Labs are fun, she explains everything before we start and is willing to answer questions. The lab reports are annoying but not too bad. I recommend this class.
Extremely easy class and the work is ridiculously simple. 3 lab reports, 3 ecobeaker assignments,a lecture paper, midterm and final. She wants people in lab on time with their handouts but otherwise is pretty chill with the students. Overall an easy class and good choice for a non-science major taking a GFR
ive never been a whizz at science, but this class was fun and interesting.
Ben is probably one of the nicest professors I've ever had. His classes have a lot of work. However the work is very sporadic, some weeks you might just have to read, others you might have to do a lot. But all in all, he can be very caring if you participate in class.
Great professor, be prepared for those uncomfortable silent moments when no one knows what to say. He's a good professor and you would be remiss if you didn't take a class with him.
I found him to be very enjoyable as a professor. He really knows his stuff about poetry. I'm not sure where the "mocking you if your point of view was wrong" came from, because he was very respectful. He's rather finnicky with what he wants, but it's not difficult to follow. I also discovered how to get out of class using lumber and an old man. =p
Enthusiastic, knowledgeable, and extremely helpful
ive had him a few times just to clarify a lot of comments, hes not disrespectful, rude and all that stuff. yes its a lot of work but he actually will help. you're expected to learn a lot yourself but you do actually learn. definitely a good teacher for those majoring in accounting.
Great teacher. Really wants students to learn. Has high standards. That's why many students complain about him.
Strict.. Expects students to listen, take notes, participate in discussions, Not eat, sleep, talk on phone. Lot of homework. I've done accounting for years, and still learned things from him. Tests are hard, but not as hard as an IRS Audit. If he sees you trying, he takes an interest. Welcomed to the Real World! Highschool is behind you now.
He could come accross as gruff, but he would always help you if you came to him with a question. Very accessible at his office and over email. So, I would say, he is a tough teacher but you sure do come out of the class knowing your stuff.
He is a very challenging teacher...If you plan on be an accountant he is the guy to take it from you will learn your stuff...if not get someone else. There are help sessions to take advantage of and if you study for the test for a considerable amount of time you can get a C
The class is a bear, but that's the real world, folks. As long as you show you're putting in effort, he's pretty good about helping you along.
A LOT of homework. his tests have a lot of sliders and curveballs on them. he can be nice sometimes, other times he can be somewhat of a jerk. when he grades tests, he foams at the mouth to take off points. he takes pride in being the hardest teacher. however, he is helpful and fair as long as you put a good amount of effort in.
Dr. Steve was a good teacher. MUCH nicer than I had heard. Lots of homework, but it definitly helps. Tests are NOT hard if you just do the work. WSJ summaries get tedious but are really easy to do. Lame accounting jokes always got me laughing. Good guy and cares about his students absolutely.
Colburn is a good teacher, kinda funny too (in a lame jokes way. Lots of homework, but most people who take this class are acct majors so it's to be expected. Tests are not impossible if you study for them, although an A on them may be out of reach.
Saw some bad things about him on here, but I actually felt he was a good professor. Lots of HW, but he is very straight foward and lets you know exactly what he wants you to do. Very orgnized. Learned a lot
Expects you to do your work and make an effort, and is fair if you do. Has little patience for laziness- but hardworking students can learn a lot in his classes. Yes, the tests are hard, but he tells you what to study- SO DO IT, and be prepared to work!
His classes are hard, but he is willing to help all you need is you just ASK! He also tried to hook you up with internships, scholarships, etc. A great teacher does not always strive to be liked, but strives to make sure the students learn.
Very sarcastic, but overall good . Don't be too harsh. There are far, far worse
I can see why some people didn't care much for him--he's getting old and doesn't put up with silly nonsense unless it has a point. Who wants to have their time wasted over trivial crap that isn't even part of the equation? very personal with my class of 8 students, very down to earth, and willing to speak to you as his equal, not subordinate.
Great sense of humor. Good lectures and texts. Tests were hard because it's a college course. Attendance is mandatory as it should be. If you don't show and the tests are too hard, go back to high school.
Willing to help students and gives outlines to his lectures. Attendance and quizzes/videos help boost your grade and they aren't difficult at all. Not a heavy workload and you'll do well on the midterm and final if you study the material properly.
Howard Segal is awesome. He is one of the most bitter men I've ever met. Completely disenchanted with the world and everything remotely associated with it. He's got one of the best and by far the darkest sense of humor of any professor i've had.
Class wasn't too good. Would be better if he would just teach/lecture instead of trying to pull comments out of students who just don't care about the material. He's funny, with very dry humor.
A good professor. Very knowledgable in subject matter and will help you if you ask for it. She only grades off the midterm, final and 10 short essays that are due at the end of every chapter. They were only 2 pages in length and the usual MLA format and you'll basically get a 100 if you do them, but really annoying. Is also the dean for some major
I had her for online psych and it was all relatively easy. There are weekly readings and assignments that are more tedious than hard, but it all only takes about one hour. She only gives an online midterm and final, and as long as you keep up, youll be fine. Shes very responsive to email and questions so reach out if you need shes very helpful.
I took her online intro to psych class. She grades by weekly assignments, weekly blackboard posts and two exams. I would say to read her lectures and some parts of the textbook she assigns every week as it will be heavily based on her exams. There is also one extra credit event. She is a fair grader and I would definitely take her class again.
She is a great professor! I would definitely take her again. I recommend taking her. If you read and study you will pass. She does do extra credit and if she notices that you do not read she will most likely give the class a pop quiz.
She's pretty chill and funny, however make sure you study for her exams. Note down everything she says.
Easy.. Tests are from notes..
she's a good teacher she's boring but, she knows what she's doing. She don't even let you touch your phone. She always wanna meet up to talk about your essays
She's a great professor and a very sweet lady. She's also a fair grader. As long as you do her assignments, you will do well.
Makes learning fun, yet challenges you to out of your comfort zone.
First, Professor Lang will make you read. I took a 400 level course with him and it cranked out to almost a book a week, some weeks will be lighter than others in terms of reading, but be ready to read. He wants to see effort in papers and is very accessible outside of class. He's a tough but fair grader that I have never had an issue with.
Lang is lecture heavy and hates phones/side talk. Very intelligent though. Hty 241 has a very compelling thesis.
Definitely the type that student's either love or hate, but I thought he was a great professor. Lectures are intense so prepare to really pay attention, though if you're in school to actually learn they are awesome. Lots of writing in the class too but with plenty of feedback to really help you improve. Overall a great professor and class.
He's honestly a great lecturer, and can easily bring humor into the class. I've only taken one semester with him, but am taking another class with him next semester. I definitely recommend this professor to anyone that is looking for a fairly easy class, that's also fun.
Lang is the kind of professor that some will love (as I did) and some can't stand. He is a very vocal professor, encourages discussion and will get mad if you do not. Attendance not necessary but he gets mad when a lot do not show up. Honestly to get in his good book just come to class and pay attention and contribute. Hes 1 of my faves on campus.
Took History of Globalization and Modern European Civilization. He actually made history interesting, looking at it as a product of current changing paradigms and not just names and dates. Very interesting classroom discussions and a fun teaching style.
Turned a dull topic like European History bearable. Nice guy, leaves room for classroom discussion even in large lectures. Lectures can sometimes be long winded, but in general interesting. Exams are subjective essay style. Only one paper assigned. Highly recommend for International Affairs major.
Very interesting class discussion, missing one class would leave you confused for the next because he really carries on a dialogue. Always willing to offer extra help, but expects you to conduct yourself as a responsible student. Tendency to rant, but always amusing.
Awesome class. Really tough but really interesting.
If all teachers could be like that!! An intellectual that can teach with enthusiasm and open-mindedness, that really gets you into critical thinking and thirst for knowledge...and that has a sense of humour!
Lang is pretty funny and entertaining but hates students talking, can be grouchy. His funny stories outweigh his faults though.
Good professor, the class was a tad easy, but good nonetheless.
very informative, enjoys his job, energetic, keeps class's attention
Warhola's a funny man! Super nice and a great prof. Good lectures and has funny mannerisms that make his class that much more enjoyable! Answers all questions. Only have 3 tests - 40+ multiple choice and one or two short essay questions - def study. Tests do refer to the textbook alot, but he says a lot of the textbook in class as well.
Great Professor. He's very helpful and provides fantastic study guides.
Had him for Russian Politics, this guy knows everything, unbelievably smart
Very easy teacher, nice guy, but VERY boring. Has the tendency to go on and on
Very knowledgeable. The first introductory class to actually keep my attention.
She's probably a better teacher at the graduate level than for undergraduates. She expects a lot of independant thought.
This is the only class that Ball should teach. Do not tkae her for anything else, but this class is good.
she knows her stuff.
looks like a lumberjack, but knows his material very well. tests are somewhat hard, but if you study and go to class, you will be alright. the trickiest test questions for me were the "in this chapter, the author stated an opinion. do you agree or disagree" if you don't read, this proves to be a problem.
good professor...i learned alot
topic not so interesting but professor is helpful and grades fairly reasonable.
Class is boring. If you can sit through class and takes good notes your all set, but that is hard b/c you want to fall asleep. A good guy and tests are pretty straight foward.
A little dry but overall a good professor.
Mick is a great professor. He is awesome in the capstone class, and really cares about the students! Mick is not great at lecturing (only because he doesn't like to lecture)... Mick is definitely a dedicated professor.
Excellent professor. Terrible with lectures, but rarely lectures. Easy to talk to and extremely helpful.
Mick's a good guy, and he's ultra-intelligent. I've learned more from him getting him going on tangents then class material i think. Very different style teacher, but I find him helpful and an overall good professor. Learning to learn is the key in engineering, and Mick helps you do that.
"Its Mick." - thats all there is to it.
Nice
Professor King is a very tough professor and there is a lot of work involved in the class. But he really cares about his students and devotes a lot of his own time to helping them. I think I learned the most from him.
Wonderful professor who dedicates a great deal of his time to helping students succeed in his class. However, you must be a motivated and hard-working student, because he does have his favorites. Probably the heaviest 3 credit course I've taken - it is a lot of work.
Great!
Prof King is tough, but the work he makes you do is worth it. He is picky on lesson plans, and pushes you to put your best work forward. If you are dedicated you will be fine. He is very concerned for the class as a whole. Great teacher!
It was a lot of work. I learned a lot. His experiences are with middle school students so he is more geared toward the younger years. I agree that his classes are not for slackers. He is not trying to fail people like other profs. But his classes do weed out who is willing to go the distance.
He works you. You do learn a lot in return, though. However if you're going into Secondary Ed. my one complaint is that much of his advise is aimed at Elementary teachers. You still learn what you need to know, but you also sit through a lot of stuff that doesn't apply to teenagers.
I liked this class alot. I've heard that having him as a teacher in higher level classes is really tough though. If you do your work in this one, you'll get a good grade. And he gives you alot of good advice on teaching.
Ok so he is a bit touched but he knows what he is talking about
she's nice.
Nice guy, good professor. Really knows the material. Interesting lectures and readings. Some exam questions can be difficult, but he usually gives a pretty big scale on exams. Reaction papers are an easy boost to your grade. Also offers extra credit paper and end of semester.
he's a funny guy
good class reasonable tests
Great Teacher. Very interested in what he teaches. Really helpful. Fair grading. No tests. Easy A for me. Very enjoyable and worthwhile class. Highly recommend.
This class is easy to ace as long as you just follow the guidelines he gives you for the projects. If you include everything, you're golden.
He teaches a difficult, boring class but he is very helpful and friendly.
Quick replies to emails.... subject not very interesting...
Good teacher, always answers e-mail within a few hours.
Best prof. for subject... He is VERY helpful..
I thought he was a great professor. Very helpful. Wish he taught more classes.
Aria is a really helpful guy and really nice. He wants everyone to do well and will put in extra time to help you. Great class, learned a lot from him.
.
Excellent professor very intellectual
Great teacher, read the textbook and you'll be fine
He is a very intelligent teacher and passionate about his teaching. Information he teaches is beneficial to everyone. 80?s on exam but give a detailed study guide and many outlines. his class is challenging, not an easy A. His accent makes you listen more closely to what he's saying. He's a great guy- interesting and cute!
I love this guy! He's very clever and has knowledge about every topic imaginable! His tests are hard, but he makes you think, and although things may seem disorganized they always came together at the end of class to make a point that makes you think!
One of the best Prof. Ever! He is a great teacher who is interested in the subject mater and loves to tell stories plus a great accent. He grades very fairly and scales when needed. Is very concerned with students progress. Highly recommend taking a class with him.
great accent and really nice guy. the class was great
Donglin is one of my most favorite teachers at the University of Maine. Although he is hard to understand he knows absolutely everything. Really easy to work with. Go to class and you will do WELL!
Take an interest in this class and you will succeed. If you are new to coding, you need to attend every class and seek extra help when you need it. Professor Eason is a good man and an easy teacher. Expect to have an advanced understanding of the subject matter prior to taking a test. Overall i got an A in his course and am quite content with it.
Very friendly person. The class wasn't exceptionally hard if you went and payed attention. Labs were long. Towards the end of the year we weren't given any more homework which helped balance things out. He showed us an "interesting object of the day" every day, which was an incentive to come to class. He's a good professor, but a better advisor.
Very helpful, but he expects way too much out of a beginning chip programming class. It is his first semester, so hopefully he'll get the hint.
Very intelligent teacher, nice guy, helpful outside of class. He just started teaching this class and he expects a lot more of students than previous teachers. We are approaching the TA's in skill because of all the hard work we've put in.
Great professor, so smart that he sometimes looses everyone. Genuine, cool guy.
He's helpful and overall avery good teacher
a real professor. if you think hes bad its becasue ur lazy. I was failing his class bad until I did what he said, after that point I got high 90s on all his exams. Good professor
GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS. He comes across as this "scary old man", but he's really not. He really wants everyone to do well. He can explain things weird, but just ask him questions about it, and he'll eventually say it in a way that makes sense to you. Everyone thinks about this stuff differently - so if you don't get it a certain way, ASK!
Very nice guy. If you need help go to office hours, he will be more then willing to help. He likes students who put in an effort more then lazy students so put in the effort. If you are an econ student you have to take his math based courses REP 458 and ECO 480.
Good prof, makes dry material worthwhile, learned a lot
Class would have been better if he could talk about something other than tabacco
An awful topic, but he makes it entertaining.
His love for steak makes his classes worth taking..mmm
Sandra is very blunt and not afraid to rip you to shreds in front of the class. But she knows her stuff and is very helpful and insightful. She will make you into a better actor. Take THE 117 with her if you are seriously thinking of becoming an actor. If you just have a slight interest and want something fun, then take THE 117 with someone else.
Amazing
Sandra is like a dragon guarding a pot of gold. If you survive her class, you deserve riches. I will say that she encouraged me in private conversations more than she ever did in front of the class. Not boring!
Sandra pushes people to their limits. She teaches Theatre for the serious artist. If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen
If you are insecure this class is not for you-She knows people-Intense-Don't lie
If you are expecting this class to be easy you shouldn't be in college. It's the FINAL class you take as a business student, of course it will be a little challenging. All that aside, Dr. Beggs is an amazing professor. Tests are not bad at all, didn't study and got a high B on all of them. Group projects aren't bad either, just take some time.
This was a very difficult class, but I thought she did a nice job of encouraging us to start early. The exams were difficult so pay attention to the lectures, particularly the models. If you put in the work, you should come out with a good grade. Pick a good group though, very important.
Very hard class, but what can you expect for your last business class. Tests are pretty tough, but you'll need them to boost your grade from projects. An individual and a group project count for more than half of the class grade. Both are pretty difficult, so get a good group and start early. She's a great teacher though, and very funny.
Not an easy class but if you get a good group and work hard, you will do well and learn a lot. You will curse the projects but they are great learning experiences.
I have never felt more ambiguous about a human being in my life. He can be nice, but be prepared to have your intelligence insulted on a daily basis. oh and try really hard not to laugh when he teaches you words for arrogant because he'll be describing himself. Otherwise, great guy!
This classes was really easy and interesting. The homework was a great motivator for doing all the readings (both are easy to complete). We used a variety of texts, which I really enjoyed. She's very helpful and understanding. She does read off of powerpoints and isn't a great discussion leader though.
Dr. Tkacik (pronounced "case-ick", just trust me) is a great professor. His lectures are funny, he cares a lot about his students, and he explains things well. Personally I was in an honors section, but in my class the exams were essay tests (my only dislike of the course). He makes you read Catch-22, and the tests are just about all that's graded.
He's a wonderful person super funny! His class was so hard for me. I sat in the very front row and still didn't understand his lecture. I went to office hours which helped me a little but did not get the grade I wanted in the class. If you are a freshmen I would not recommend. We even had an Student Instructor for the class and that did not help.
This professor is great. I took his political science class and overall I really gained knowledge over the subject. The class was very challenging but if you pay attention to his lectures you'll do fine.
Tkacik was by far my favorite professor last semester. His lectures are really long, but he makes it intriguing. Make sure to take notes because they're 50% of the test! If you don't read, you don't do well on the tests. He's a really great guy, but you've gotta work for the grade in this class! Go to class, read the book GO TO SI!!!
Tkacik is such a funny guy. He is hilarious so his lectures were always fun and interesting. Take great notes and read the book and you should pass. He is a busy man so you have to make an appointment to meet with him but he really cares about his students. I am not good or interested in political science but he makes the class fun.
He does lock the door when he lectures, when we have a test it's unlocked. Take notes in his class, write almost everything he says because it might be on the test. Read the book too, daily because that too will be on the test. Ask questions if confused, he'll answer it.
He's really funny and helpful but when it comes to tests, good luck.
I really loved this class. It was actually really interesting. He seemed really passionate about lecture and was funny. Reading is pretty heavy though.
Tkacik is very funny and very intriguing. He brings a different pov to government. However, this course is lecture only;no powerpoints, only your hand written notes. Go to S.I. especially on review days, do the extra credit, and READ THE BOOK. There's only 3 tests and 20 points worth of extra credit, so the grade is dependent on your work ethic!
If you're looking for an easy poli sci class choose another professor. You have to really enjoy the material in order to make an A in this class. Attendance is not mandatory but going and paying attention in class will get you a better grade. Read the chapters too! Loved the professor, hated the course.
Great professor! LOVED this class, always kept me laughing. Political Science is a boring course but Dr. Tkacik does his best to keep the students intrigued. He does tend to use profanity and over the top comparisons but it gets the point across. What helps if you record his lecture, take good notes, and read the chapters you should do great.
i absolutely loved tkacik. he makes the material interesting, and always has a story to tell. attendance isnt mandatory, but i went to class to take notes anyway. i would wait until the night before to study for the tests, wouldnt read all the material and would make a high C. ended up with a B in the class. if you just read, youll do great.
wonderful teacher, there are easier proffesors at SFA, but you will learn a lot from him, and he will go out of his way to help you, i bombed the first test but pulled a solid B. He is wonderful!
He made me very interested in politics and gave me hope there are actually professors out there that still care
All around nice guy..Always explains everything..keeps everything interesting...if you always go to class and try he is very helpfull...and he doesnt try to force his views on you like that codispotti clown....take tkacik if you can
He was good. I liked him. Buy the book. Take good notes. Pay attention and ask questions if you aren't sure. He will let you look over your tests in his office. He does cuss like a sailor but if you can get past that, then you will be fine!!!!!
Probably one of my favourite teachers. I absolutely DESPISE Political Science but he actually makes it very interesting. If you don't enjoy the subject I guarantee you will enjoy him at least.
I took him for 141 and 142 and I wouldn't have chosen anyone else. I waited a year just so I could take him for 142. His class isn't a blow off class and his tests aren't easy but he is A GREAT person and loves what he does. You don't find many professors at SFA that do a good job and love what they do at the same time. TAKE HIM!!
This is a great professor. The material in this class can be confusing, but he'll help you through it. He's got an SI to help too. And he's so hilarious that you'll never fall asleep in class. I'd recommend him to anyone who needs to take political science.
I miraculously made a B in this class. If you are struggling you should DEFINITELY go talk to him and he will help a bunch. I would've gladly taken a C in this class and still would take him again because even though I did not understand the material, he was just so dang entertaining and hilarious!!! All around friendly guy who knows his stuff!
He is a expert in his field...you will learn more in his class than anyones elses but your grade will not reflect that...if you want to walk away with a understanding of the info take him if u want a ez grade run away from him...i have taken him for 15 hrs and i loved every min. of it...
AMAZING TEACHER!!! This is the man to take for this class. he is funny, intresting and understandable. I loved going to class cause you never know with him. Harder class though if you blow it off and just goof off. Listen to what he has to say do the extra credit and study what he says. Tests are hard but its worth it cause he is awesome.
Yes test are pretty hard. Good teacher..bad subject. Take good notes is about all you can do to be ready for test and ask questions. Just me but i also took history with this class this semester and found it easier to understand a bit. The history class kept me refreshed on important names, dates, and events.
His tests are a little difficult, but he is an awesome teacher that will keep your attention. I wish he were teaching 142 in the Spring so that I could take him again!
The person who wrote that this was a hard class must either not pay attention or didn't go to class. You do actually have to study the material, but it isn't a hard course. He is a wonderful guy, very funny and will get to your level to make sure you understand it. Just study a little bit, it's not that hard.
Tkacik keeps things interesting. if he notices that the class is bored or falling asleep, he will change the subject and talk about some random thing. He is a lot of fun.
Tkacik is a great professor. If you take him, be ready to study(but not too much).
Great Professor! The paper is a major part of your grade and is about 12 pages. If you don't like talking in class about the subject this class is not for you. Class discussion is also part of your grade. Make sure you can back up your argument with facts
Tkacik is one of the best psc profs. i've had but his class is challenging. Tests are hard to study for because they're situational--you can't just memorize from notes. He's a great guy--I highly recommend his classes.
awesome prof.! very helpful. the class is interactive, great lectures (never thought i'd say that!) tests are fair..read the chapters for an A..study your notes..and participate..he gives points for that. best class i've had so far!
He is the professor you want. He is auctually human and he really is cool.
very funny makes lecture interesting sometimes gets carried away and is hard to follow but if you ask questions he explains
Makes gov't very interesting and easy to understand, Tests aren't bad at all
Super helpful. When He didn't have time to help me, He sent over one of his grad students instead.
Shake-It-Fastook!!! Good prof....
Good guy, even if his office is the most cluttered one i have ever seen.
Great Professor. Instead of just repeating what other teachers have told you, he broadens your mind by giving you a different perspective on the Federal Reserve, Central Banking, and economics in general. I would recommend this teacher. If you have a real love for John Keynes though, don't take this teacher. He doesn't like his views.
He will affect your world view. Clearly the treasure in the Economics dept. However he is controversial, and pollitically INcorrect, so you have been warned.
Great teacher. Gives you good insite into the world. He is one of those teachers that will really change how you view the world. He has an accent but you can understand it. The problem is that his monotone voice can be boring. I would definatly tell people to take him.
his lectures are great..he will teach you things that make complete sense that you have never thought about before. he uses great examples and keeps you interested and laughing, there are 3 tests all true and false, but if you come to class and study you shouldnt have a problem. i would take his class again!
You'll learn stuff in his class that you wont learn anywhere else on campus. His intro class made me want to major in Economics. Take lots of notes so you can remeber everything he says. The best professor I've ever had!
Great teacher, knows what hes talking about. Humorous and keeps things interesting. Loved it and learned a lot.
Brilliant and humorous guy, tells it like it is. He's very insightful and will make you think twice about the society we live in. Take him whether you have to or not -- one of the most prestigious professors UNLV's got and arguably one of the best economics professor you could ever study from.
Great sense of humor, and brilliant!
reminds me of Dennis Miller. good teacher, good personality and good class.
I had Dr. Hoppe for an honors seminar entitled The Political and Economic Criticisms of Socialism and Capitalism . Beyond building an irrefutable argument for why prosperity comes from freedom, he was entertaining like few other professors can be.
One of the best classes at UNLV. Dr. Hoppe tells it like it is...
Professor Lamb is one of the best professors in the the MsM program. If youre struggling with the material, he encourages you to see him during office hours. There are only three exams, a small project and a 2 minute presentation, so there really isnt room to fail. If you need help, ask.
If you want to learn anything about finance, take Dr. Lamb. He knows this stuff like the back of his hand. The class isn't overly difficult but you have to put the time in to be successful. Lots of projects and 3 cumulative exams. Access to Bloomberg which rocks. I'd take him for again for any class.
Not only the BEST finance professor at UNF, but the ONLY finance professor at UNF. Take him if you want to learn something.
Great professor. He knows the material very well and explains it in depth but in simple terms too. Take his class; you'll learn something new everyday.
he is a great instructor but his class is hard. know everything because he expects you to. i dont think he has had a job in the real world hence the reason why non-finance majors should know every formula known to man....even if it is not on the tests. And know all the anomaly papers because its 1/3 of the last test grade!!!
Very good, hnowledgeable professor with dry humor. Attendance to lectures is a MUST, otherwise expect alot of catching up to do. He helps those who help themselves(he is more open to helping you if you do well in his class) ask teacher's aid instead.
Best teacher at UNF for finance.
Great at teaching, his lectures are almost always interesting, and you can see that he enjoys teaching it too. However, he is horrible at making tests/quizzes. Way too many questions with never enough time. The midterm, for example, was 50 questions, 50 minutes to complete, with each question taking anywhere from 3-5 minutes to solve. STUDY HARD.
definitely one of the best professors I have ever had. classes were interesting and worth attending. in a class of 125 people he memorized all of our names within 2 weeks. workload is somewhat heavy but beneficial.
Excellent teacher. You can tell he really loves his job, is concerned for his students, and really just wants to make sure they enjoy his class and learn the material. Excellent teaching style!
very enthusiastic about the subject...impossible to fall asleep in his class
Great teacher to have in your first year
Will is awesome
really laid back, hilarious
Paul is a great guy and a respected prof, his lectures are material heavy so really pay attention and take good notes. Lots of tests and lots of homework. But generally I think he is one of the best mathematics professors on campus. I would definitely take another course with him if I could.
I took calc III in the 5-week June term. That is a lot of material for just 5 weeks. Paul takes very difficult topics and explains them so they actually make sense. His tests are very long, difficult, and comprehensive. If you show up to class, take good notes, and study a lot you will do fine though! He's a very interesting dude, makes class fun.
The worst thing I can say about him is that he expects you to be able to graph, which, for me, is difficult. But here's the thing: he actually shows you how to do what he expects. Graphing, while still difficult, is doable now, even in 3d. Very approachable and understanding. Wish I'd had pre-calc and calc 1 with him too. Simply put: He makes SENSE
Paul's a great guy, makes calculus come alive. Always seems to have more ways to explain things. Later in the day, I've heard he comes into class pretty baked, but I guess his teaching doesn't suffer for it. He has a lot of hobbies that he likes talking about -- solar cars, trick biking, longboarding. Definitely the coolest professor at UMaine.
He is an amazing teacher. His tests are incredibly difficult, but if he knows who you are, and that you are trying your hardest, he will give you what you deserve. He is exceedingly compromising and wants his students to succeed... after working really hard for it
I LOVED HIM. HE IS AWESOME. Hi classes are definitely difficult, but when you leave you'll know your stuff.
Paul is my boy. This guy is probably the best math professor/teacher ive ever had.
Attend class. Do the homework. Get help when you need it. Make sure you understand the concepts and you will be fine on the tests. Van Steenberg is super passionate about the material and really knows his stuff. I enjoyed him as a teacher and as a person in general, he is great to talk to outside of class. Down to earth and coolest professor ever.
He is a very nice guy, always willing to help. Great at explaining concepts and if you do not understand, he will stop class and reexplain. Always available for extra help. Grading system rocks!
Teaches concepts well. Very helpful if you ask him questions. Very reasonable as far as when tests are given (polls the students). Exams can be rather tricky, but very do-able if you know the material.
If you're not good with math and have not taken calculus before, you'll struggle with his course. He'll help you anyway he can - Just ask. He cares about two things when he decides your final grade - effort and test scores. A for effort + F for test scores = C overall grade as long as he sees improvement from your original test grades by the final.
He's a great professor. Really knows what he's talking about when it comes to calculus. If you like math its a great class, if you struggle you may want to look elsewhere.
he's fun but his tests are hard
Had him for the entire engineering math sequence and it was the besdt decision I've made since coming here. I actually understand this math now. I wouldnt have with a regular math class. Insane tests, but they make you think. If you can do that you can get a decent grade. Note I said decent (B or so) took me 4 semester to get an A from him.
He is an excellent teacher- will take the time to answer any question thoroughly. He is extremely lax about grades. He obviously wants kids to learn as much as possible about calculus, but he also doesn't want to stress kids out and see them fail. Funny as hell too
Good teacher. Probably the best teacher for Calc. 2. Tests are difficult, but he gives a very generous grading scale at the end of the class. Work hard for the final as it will increase your grades by a lot
Paul is the man. These classes are hard, but really worth it, he goes out of his way to help you and to show you the application of the math (something missing in the MAT courses) The tests can be bad and homework load heavy, but overall a great class and great teacher.
Wants students to learn and is very helpful
Marcia is fair and has a great sense of humor, but at the same time, you will actually learn in her class. Some plays are given in PDF so you don't have to buy them, and gives out study guides for exams, which are tricky, but she is great at helping you become a better reader. Easy A, if you actually do the reading and study hard for the tests.
Marcia is blunt but very fair. She tries to get the best out of you even if you feel you're not the best in her class. I would definitely take her class again. Don't think you won't have to work, but again, if you put in the effort she'll be fair and reward you for it.
This class was really interesting, a little hard but all you really need to do is the reading. Don't be intimidated by what's going on- speak up occasionally in class and do the reading and you'll be fine.
Hard considering it had been an intro course, but fun
There's no denying that Paley is a genius and is really good at explaining tough concepts. But orgo 2 is simply too difficult. I felt like he sort of enjoyed seeing students struggle and that he likes that his class is seen as one of the most difficult classes offered at Swat.
Easily the hardest class I've ever taken, but with a GREAT professor. He is kind of a pain about partial credit. However, he is always willing to help outside of class, holding 3 additional recitations every week (optional but recommended). Also, you must must must attend class or you will be completely lost.
if you get the chance to have him teach you orgo 1, take it! looking forward to having him for org 2.
Dr. Lux is good teacher. Would recommend taking his class. He provides much test preparation and a great atmosphere. Ask him about the non-talking environmental earth science class at Kent State. Too funny
Lectures are worth attending. He goes kind of fast because there is a lot of material (easy material tho) to cover. He emphasizes key tops that will be on the test. Since there is a lot of material, you will do well if you go to class and put in time studying. The labs are easy compared to other labs I have had (chemistry, physics, ...)
He is a good guy. He cares about his students. He comes of on the first day harsh but he really is not at all. His labs can be tough due to the TAs but he is more then willing to help. He also gives a bonus field trip worth like 10 points so its worth it.
It is totally possible to get an A in this class. Attend class, take notes, and go to the review sessions! Dr. Lux really emphasizes concepts that will be on the test and has been the least dry earth science professor I have had at UMaine. Bottom line, put a little effort in and you will do very well in this class.
Exams are super difficult! He is a nice guy, but sometimes makes things up as he goes and does not answer questions clearly. USE the BOOK. He does not give out study guides or practice exams.
Very nice and understanding. Willing to help you out with anything and willing to answer questions, regardless of how stupid they are.
Very clear, and very helpful. All you have to do is take decent notes, and focues on the main points of the text and youll do fine on tests.
makes ges interesting...and he looks like bruce willis...yum :)
Rachel Merz is like Ms Frizzle - quirky, high energy, and brilliant. She has an incredibly engaging lecture style, and her workload is challenging but fair.
a little scattered sometimes, but overall a great professor!
One of the best and motivating professor in UNH !!
One of the best and helpful professor in UNH
This professor fosters discussion and debate. He's happiest when the class is arguing over an idea. He'll carefully restart a stalled debate with a choice phrase. He knows how people learn and he helps them do it. His homeworks are realistic, a little too easy as intro CS and adequate for networking. Networking is clearly his passion.
Extremely helpful. He is so friendly. He is ready to help any time inside and outside the class. He gives tough assignments and he is always ready to help. He looks at efforts put by the students. Hence, he is the best faculty in CS Department.
Hez alright
Michael Johnson was great. The man has fantastic taste in media, and the content he showed us in class was always entertaining, but it also tied in really well with what we were learning about. His grading style was very fair, not too strict. My only complaints are that he's incredibly quiet and didn't try very hard to attain student-prof bonding.
Professor Johnson is pretty great. He's really quiet, so if you have trouble hearing definitely sit towards the front. I have found that he's really laid back and is always looking for people's opinions on topics talked about. Homework is minimal, not hard at all. Relatively easy grader, as long as you give your best.
Professor Johnson is great! I can't believe some of the reviews on here. I've had a class with him twice and would happily take another. He's kind, understanding, and an easy grader. Sometimes he can be a little dry, but he's smart and has a great sense of humor.
An all-around good professor. He gave us literary quizzes on sometimes irrelevant details, but other than that I enjoyed the class. If you push through the quizzes and sometimes last-minute papers the class will be fine. While very frustrating sometimes, this was a good class with a great professor.
I took The Splendid Drunken Twenties with Micheal Johnson and really enjoyed the class. He knew a lot about the literature we were studying and was able to keep my interest throughout our three hour class. I think in general his higher level classes are more interesting than his introductory ones.
sometimes dry, but funny. Quiet. Helpful, immediate response to emails.
Johnson is a very nice man. He comes off a little strict in the first days of class. Once you get going he becomes more layed back and eally quite fun. Do your essays and you'll be fine. His use of pop culture and other time-relevant issues make class enjoyable.
I had Roxanne for a year while on the Speech and Debate Team. She's tough. She will push you to do your very best, no matter how scary that is to you, but you will succeed. She pushed me, and I am definitely a better person for it.
Nice teacher. Be on time and participate. Book is helpful for quizzes and paper, but not really needed.
This was a very creative class. And fun! The instructor was pretty helpful, and gives detailed feedback. She does not require a textbook, which is always a nice plus. She is also VERY lenient on grading and late assignments, so if you're a slacker, you're better off with her. But just like all communication classes, expect a lot of participation.
Shes an excellent teacher! Very passionate about communication. Her class was enjoyable and all she asks of you is to respect each other and the class. You know exactly whats due and when, there are no surprises. Go to class, turn in assignments, and you have an A. Highly recommend taking her.
This class was easy and fun at times. She tends to talk a lot and get off topic, that's really the only negative thing I can say. The HW was super simple, had a study guide for every quiz, the "final" paper was easy too, and working in small groups turned out to be kind of interesting, and made class go by quick!
Nice teacher, does get off topic sometimes but is overall easy to understand and talk to. Lots of not taking but if you like to write you will do ok.
Attending this summer class, a lot of people complained about Roxannes's teaching. In my opinion she was just fine, well organized, and very intelligent. Those who complained about her thought they knew everything, and probably thought they could teach the class. Overall, i recommend her, plus its an easy A if you do all the work and show up.
Just took the 4 week summer course. Argumentation is an easy A just turn in the notes and show up. Roxanne is really nice but her lectures can put you to sleep. Take the class, you will be happy you did
Easy class. I took this class instead of Eng 124 and I'm so glad I did. Mostly in class assignments and group work, so show up to class.
Argumentation is debate class for those of you who dont know that. There is no text book and barley any homework. Her voice takes a little getting used to, but very sweet lady. Easy, easy, easy.
I loved Roxanne's Public Speaking intro class. The complainers are just lazy whining wimps.
She's a nice lady and she wants you to do well. Very laid back but that's because she's more so of a coach than a prof at forensics. It'll be a good few more semesters.
Teacher is very long winded.. some of the things she says doesn't really apply to real life, but she does try to help. I enjoyed her class.
Shes really knows her stuff, and has alot of experience behind her. So you know she wants her students to do well. Overall, the work is pretty straight forward. I took this class for intercession and I enjoyed it and got alot out of it for being a short course. Just follow her direction and you got an easy A.
Great teacher. Nice lady, make sure you dont get on her bad side though. Only 2 tests equalling 50 points. Offers up to 50 extra points, you do the math. Theres a little bit of work, but if you do it will have an enjoyable time in her class. Shes is very knowledgable on her politics. I would recommend her.
I took this class during intersession. It is a really easy class. We had no finals. We just did the speeches that was it. Take this class especially during intersession. NO QUIZZES! NO FINALS!
Roxanne Tuscany is a brilliant woman who wants her students to succeed. She is an awesome teacher.
She is very easy, she offers extra credit and accepts late homework. Quizes are easy. Sometimes she might get upset when irrelevant questions are asked.
I learned a lot form this class. Stick with it, do whats expected of you and it is an easy A.
Don't buy the book. Copy the few pages for homework from the library. 99 percent of class time is spent hands on. She likes to talk to the point of sleepiness (yours). EASY A if you show up to class and stay awake (most of the time).
Just a nice person...
There is quite a bit of writing and one collage, pretty easy class. She will usually give you a good grade. Maybe because of the topics being so personal and everyone has such great fear of talking.
She's very nice.Class is very easy and open.Easy A if you pay attention.
annoying voice! but very easy and nice to international student! take it! lecture is very boring and long...
annoying voice, but a guranteed B, oh and boring !
Dr. Newkirk is pretty friggin' awesome, but I figured he would get a low "grade" here. The man is brilliant. Sure, he's extremely difficult, but he's bloody enlightening! All you who disrespect him need to grow brains. I'm currently in my 2nd class w/him & his stories are fascinating & help illuminate the course material. Here's to Newkirk!
I hated him at first and thought he was huge jerk but by the end I really liked him. I have chosen to take another class with him next semester. If you go to class and pay attention, you can easily pass. I didn't study at all and got a B. I wasn't majoring in psych before but now I am. I learned a lot. Very pleased with the class.
The professor just has a unique teaching style. He is just not a babysitter.
WOuld I take him again? Yes ...I got a B but I got more than a grade from this course....I earned a plate of steel concerning intimidation. he is just a man that can also be intimidated and yet friendly
He is very passionate about philosophy and I found him very knowledgeable. Bear with him in his lectures, he can put you too sleep but if you just keep focused and listen to what he is saying you will benefit from the new info you will learn. He only gives essays and are very easy if you keep up with the lectures.Overall lnteresting and easy class.
This guy is the best religion teacher ever! He made tons of jokes that made me crack up and mande other people get white nuckles. To get an A just tell him what YOU think of the religious book and it's an EZ A!!! If you are a religious freak dont bother taking the class you wont like him!
I Liked This Professor, Being Christian; His Comments Didn't Bother Me, Quite Humorous. Really Knows His Stuffs And Most Information Comes From Lectures, Learned A Lot In This Class, Really Wish He Taught Relg 120. Write Your Papers With Some Satire And You Should Do Great. Funny Guy!
Best teacher at Grossmont. His lectures can often get long and kinda boring, but his sense of humor and appreciation for wit and thought makes him one of the best. Though there will be days where you question it, take his class and stick with it- You'll learn a lot in the end.
Interesting lectures, very open person with a likeable personality.
Awesome guy- extremely knowlegable and laid back. As long as you can bs with some interesting or humorous thoughts, you've got yourself an A. Sit close and you'll really hear a lot of great information. All take home q's for tests. Enjoy no need to stress
Coolest teacher there is.
Easy class. Only three take home exams. Or should i say essays. Fun..
Great teacher and an easy class if you attend and pay attention
I highly recommend this instructor. He make this class so easy to learn. If you know the basics, he can teach you the rest.
Rob is a great teacher. Stays late every teaching night for one on one help. Dont be fooled by pissed off students. Take Ridgeway. But buy the solutions manual and the teachers edition of the book to help with tricky problems.(YOU NEED THOSE BOOKS) believe me. On tests show him your work, you'll get more points. STUDY 5 unit math classes are tough.
He is such a funny guy! He reminds me of Will Ferrell. Or total hippy. He's willing to help as much. Homework wasn't so bad, if you do it you should pass. His tests are just like his reviews, so study the reviews. Not strict on attendance at all but I do recommend you come to the lectures if you aren't good with math it helps! HE IS NICE & HELPFUL!
He always tried to interject humor whilst teaching. Very approachable for help.
He's like, an ex-hippy. He's a really good teacher, but completely capable of getting side-tracked or off-topic. He's really into music, and knows what he's talking about when it comes to math. He's a fun guy, with plenty to offer, I recommend him.
He was awarded the Golden Apple Award from Grossmont High School. (He teaches there too by the way). Congratulations Robbie!!! Great teacher!
He's a really nice, down to earth teacher. Always willing to stay after class and help those who needs it. He explains in very clearly...i've always had trouble and math...and he made it easier.
Tough teacher, tough class. Nice guy
Professor Jimenez was a great professor. At first, I found the course difficult but after some time and making sure I stayed on top of the homework and used the worksheets and quizzes to study, I started feeling more confident and understanding. He is very straight forward and funny but will answer any question you have and is patient.
He is indeed a tough grader, but I think he is a solid choice if you want to learn. He may seem very unapproachable at first but he is very patient and is willing to help you if you are willing to help yourself. Also, lets say you got a bad grade on the first test, if you do better on the second one he will drop that grade. Overall good choice!
He's hilariously sarcastic and fun, however homework is a must! he may not collect it but its the ONLY way to pass his class. Daily quizzes (its how he takes attendance), exams are based on quizzes and homework chapter tests. He's very clear on the material and explains step by step on the problems.
He teaches very well, do hw ,for hw the last problem are usually hard ,I put them on the board 4 him to do, for his quiz and test, I borrowed my friends test who took him before and studied it , test are simalar to quiz problems. Don't come late to class or he picks on you. Overall fun class even will try to crash for math 8 but he clowns crashers.
Do your homework and you'll do well in tests and quizzes. He gives about 25 quizzes and 4 tests with one finals. The quizzes are 10%, tests are 60% and the finals is 30% of the total grade. all the test questions come from the quizzes so it shouldn't hard if you revised them in advance. I'm going to take his class in Math7 again!
Attendance is mandatory (he drops if you miss x amount of class). There are A LOT of daily quizzes and A LOT of hw (non-credit), but as long as you keep up with the homework (anticipate a few hours every day) and follow his tips, you'll do well. Very helpful and approachable. Stresses what you need for Math 7. 4-5 Exams & 1 final.
I took his winter class. He gives homework, but never collects it. He gave quizzes everyday, but they were easy if you did the homework and listened to his lecture. Even if you do bad on the quizzes, they aren't worth that much of your grade. Study all the quizzes, and you'll pass the tests. You'll get an A if you pass the tests with a good grade.
Jimenez is a great teacher. His exams are more than reasonable. He gives partial credit as long as he sees that you were headed in the right direction. I just wish he could teach the rest of my math classes. Honestly if you're an honest decent person who has good work ethic you will do great. If you don't like myself you can still do OK.
Jimenez is an excellent lecturer . The way he explains the concept of calc is absolute crystal clear. He can be lazy sometimes. Daily quizzes but the tests were extremely difficult last semester. 70% of the class failed one of the tests and he didn't do anything about it.Test questions very tricky. BTW, he loves to use trig functions.
Being consistently late and absent will get you dropped. Other than that, he is a straightforward and jovial professor. I'm terrible at math and I got a B in the more homework intense Winter session. Gives very easy to understand & thorough lectures. Gives excellent exam reviews, and his homework assignments are key to passing his quizzes & tests.
Took him for the summer. For 6 weeks we covered some of the textbook. He makes the Material very easy to understand, if you redo quizzes and do the hw, the test will be a breeze. He has a sense of humor too. The class was very simple. Good professo too.
I took him for winter session, and despite the pressure of 6 weeks, he was a consice and clear prof. starting with hard subjects and going over them step by step to by the end teaching the already taught stuff to make it easier for students. His tests come from the quizzes he gives and he made me love, yes, love math.
He might be a tired teacher, but he is so logical and helpful. For example he teaches by homework. You can ask him during the class if some problem was unclear and he will explain it. His tests are all based on daily (!!) quizes and homework. Pay attention to that if you want to get an A. Overall an interesting class!
He's the God of math!!! This guy is absolutely brilliant. I admire him greatly. He's just so knowledgeable and sweet, every h.w. problem we asked him to do, he got it perfectly correct. When you talk to him, you realize he has been thro a lot and has such empathy, it's beyond belief. He's AMAZING. Everybody <3s him. He's so dedicated and sagacious
Jimenez is a awsome prof! he really explain everything for you to understand it. he can be sarcastic so that makes it fun. && hes not those kind of profs who are intimidating so if youre in doubt about something ask && he'll be there to help. oh he doesnt collect or grade hw only quizzes && tests but his class isn?t that hard so highly recommend=)
This is honestly the best professor at SMC. All u have to do is the homework and go over your notes in order to get an A in this class. Quizzes 2 to 3 times a week. Comes strait from the homework. They are EXTREMELY helpful for the exams. Homework is not mandatory, but you HAVE to do it! The best professor.
he's good..but WAY overrrated by people
Prof. Jimenez is the best math teacher of SMC. His teaching techniques are extremely helpful and would make you understand the material, even better than the one shown in the textbook. He is not an easy teacher, but he is willing to help you pass. I wish that Prof. Jimenez would've thougth Math 20 but he doesn't no more :(
love him!!! amazing teacher, he is nice and funny and understands that people taking finite are horrible at math; thus, he is lenient on grading and helps you out (if you are deserving). Never be late or show attitude, those are his biggest pet peeves. He made me feel bad about not liking math, that's how good he is!
Great Professor. He gave us lots of practices which are helpful to prepare us for the exam. if you have a chance, take him.
His exam is really easy, I still cannot understand why half of class had F in the first exam. He is a nice person and good teacher BUT if you are a heavy sleeper, forget about this class. This class is in 6:45 AM!!!
great teacher. doesnt waste time.
Nice teacher. If you do your homework you will pass the class. I suggest doing the hw and not missing a lot of class. The only reason I started to struggle was because I missed a few days and slacked off on hw. He still gave me the benefit of the doubt though and passed me. Nice guy
Took in summer. Very clear, very organized teacher. Makes Math easy to understand. Daily quizzes is worth 10% and they're pretty tricky if just because of the time limit. Exams are very straight-forward. No trick question. If you do the work, you'll be more than okay. 3 exams 30% each.
You get a quiz everyday, his tests are cumulative and "interesting" but he prepares u 4 them. If u relly want to learn the subject take this professor but u'll get around a B if u study, u'll get an A if u r a nerd, it is also very easy to get a C if u make careless mistakes in his tests.
Professor Jimenez is one of the best math professor's I've ever had. He is very clear and you will definatly learn. He doesn't assign any homework but you will have more than a few quizes. I can also say that he is very helpful.
I took Math 7,8. I got 2 A. I never read the textbook. Just listen to him and if u undestand lecture, you will be fine. However, you should do the homework. For math 8, there will be a lot of formulas. For Math 8, Half people dropped. It's not because he's bad. The material is not easy, and they didn't study.
Great teacher! Doesn't make you do homework, but usually if you don't do it you won't pass his class anyways.
Very nice guy when he wants to be. Looks serious but he's really cool. Quizzes daily but its sooo helpful in exams so make sure you review probs cause they do show up again in exams. Easy to learn math 7 but a bit harder in math 8..still good enought to pass if you're willing to work for it. Fair grading. Highly Recommended :)
I got an A in his class. he is a nice Guy ...Quize everyday..Helpful.....i was a lazy guy, i never did home work, but i do reviewed before class start.
Nice teacher. Difficult subject and he definitely eases the blow, but he is picky about attendance. He also favors the "good" students. Overall, I highly recommend him for Calculus because he's the best Cal teacher at SMC. Study hard and redo his quizzes!
This teacher is the best. His teaching method is a very straight forward one. He does not bore people with a bunch of details.
teaches well but kind of tricky on the exams.
I like his teaching style.Not too fast nor slow. Quizes everyday and they do help you on the exams. Study for it. It's calculus!
Do the homework(he doesnt collect) but what would it benefit you if u dont? takes it step by step and allows questions, quiz everyday and leave early than actual time :)
Doesn't collect the homework, but gives quizzes on the material that was covered. If you have questions he helps you out. He is kind of funny. Classes usually end earlier than when it should. Strict on attendance. You will do fine if you do the work.
I can relate well to his teaching style. He explains things clearly without skipping steps (at least until later in the semester when you don't need the simple steps broken down). He can be a little strict as far as Math Lab (must finish your 15 hrs or you FAIL), but I liked his class a LOT.
Jimenez is an AWESOME professor. He gives quizes every class meeting so that YOU are ready for the tests, and so that YOUR math skills will become better. His tests are difficult, but if you do the quizes and some problems from the book, you should get at least a B. For the A, you must THINK!!
cool but have a quiz every lecture...
Overall a great professor. He goes over all the details of the chapters covered in class. I never even studied for the tests and I always got A's. If you do your HW and attend class it's very easy to get an A.
Great professor, very helpful. his exams and quizes are not so easy but if you do your homework and attend his classes you will do good. i got an A in his class in spring semester i want to take math7 with him also.
Great guy, doesn't nitpick on grading, like so many other calc teachers.
Really nice professor. Definitely buy and use the notebook he assigns for class. It will keep you super organized. The tests are tough and I took this course online so there was not a lot of time to think about questions or look them up. I would recommend this class.
So nice and laid out what would be on the test. Requires studying but the info is easy to understand
Extremely easy class. All answers to weekly quizzes are online. I studied ~2-3 hours each prelim and got mid 80s on all three. Lab can be somewhat tedious, but nonetheless easy. Never bought the textbook.
He's a great professor! Obviously knows his stuff. He's very nice, and always curved our exams. If you put in even a little effort you should be able to do fine in this class.
I love Batuski! he has a great sense of humor, and if you go to class you will have no problems on any test. Very Helpful and gives lots of chances for extra credit.
Hardish class. Lots of memorizing. It was ok besides that tho. Recommend going to class... makes i so you barely have to read.
Good hearted man but a bit of a nerd, killer subject area though, tough class
Prof Burns was an awesome teach. i had her for stretch english 100 &106. Although her handwriting sucks, she gives you very helpful feedback on your essays during the one - on - one meetings you will have with her. There is lots of homework but its pretty easy. I would 100% recommend her!
Helpful! Some what boring but can be interesting if you ask lots of questions. You work in class a lot on your essays.You have an essay due almost every week but you can finish them at any point within the semester.
Professor Burnes was a good english teacher and was the nicest lady. She let's you make up your papers as much as possible which is a plus. The only criticism is that she'll comment that your paper is awesome but she only give you a B. Overall awesome definitely take ENG 101 with her.
Extremely nice teacher. You definitely have to work hard in her class, but the time and effort will improve your writing greatly. By far the best Professor I have had in college.
She basically just recites from the DSM. Don't bother taking PSY 212 with her, unless you want an easy A and nothing else.
Her coverage of the topic was not very deep, but she has interesting anecdotes based on experience in the field, and she is very entertaining.
This was one of my favorite classes. He is enthusiastic and entertaining.
Quite intimidating but is very nice. Very opinionated but if you have a solid argument she will respect other views. She gives a lot of discussion questions and you need to be prepared to answer them in class. She will also tear apart your essays but you'll be a better writer because of it. Do the play for the finale assignment.
If you want to improve your writing, she is the preceptor to take. You can feel her passion to teach the material. Participation matters in her seminars. Reading the book is also required. If you don't try, then you won't pass. She makes her requirements clear. However, when revising your essay, bring a pen and paper to write what she says.
Sharon isn't a nice person but you'll become a better writer with her and the discussions are interesting and insightful. Every class in HON111 is discussion, and she lets you rewrite your essays. Good class, interesting person, kind of a mean person. She is intimidating and I hated her at first but at the end of the semester I respected her
My favorite preceptor! She gives really great feedback and you'll improve as a writer so much. She makes you work for the grade, but the effort is so worth it.
Sharon was great! I would take her class again in a heartbeat! She's eager, encourages you to think, respects your opinion, and you can tell she loves her job. She also really helped improve my writing and is just an all around great teacher. Plus, she brings her dog to class!
Tisher is a great professor! I loved the guided discussion format of class. Some thought it was too guided, but I appreciated how she got us to think about the texts in new ways. Do the play instead of the third essay; it's lots of fun!
Sharon Tisher is an amazing preceptor and has extremely engaging conversations. She is very intelligent, incredibly funny, and is very willing to help. Do her rewrites, and your final grade will be so much better!! The workload isn't too heavy, but she is a hard grader. However, she is really wants to make her students the best writers they can be!
EXCELLENT honors preceptor. Class discussions were always interesting and she led them strongly without stepping on students' toes. She grades papers tough, but as long as you really listen to her critique, you will do just fine on her re-writes.
While I was initially under the impression Sharon was the most difficult preceptor, I found her not excessively so. The majority of work was in-class discussions, with a 1 page lecture reaction each week, two ~5 page papers, with the option of trading a third with doing an performance. She was an excellent facilitator, and helpful outside class.
A fair amount of work, but very interesting. Very interactive class, she's willing to help you out if you miss class.
Good teacher, decent discussions in class, but her expectations on written work are vague, and is very tough on grades she gives on papers.
Nice, strange resemblence to the alligator guy on Jackass
Scary resemblace to a certain student in the class, but oh well...
Great professor. Challenging, though not terribly hard. Improved my writing a ton, and was always willing to help. Lets you pass in your papers as many times as you'd like, to improve your grade. However, don't take this as an excuse to BS. Take it as an advantage to see where you went wrong and better yourself as a writer. I highly reccomend her
The class itself was somewhat piontless at times however the feedback on papers was helpful. The more you put into the paper the better your grade in the class. Simple effort class.
Professor Marrone is the best professor I have had so far. She is simply amazing! This class was the best class I have ever taken. I highly recommend it to anyone. We watched such amazing videos, had amazing guest speakers come(So inspiring and powerful lectures) and overall I just learned so many amazing things from her and this class! WONDERFUL!!
I have taken 3 of her courses . She's very knowledgeable, caring and just amazing! She makes her lectures interesting. I totally recommend her.
She makes the lectures interesting and her exams are straightforward. Just go to class and pay attention, take some notes, and you will be good to go. In addition, prior to each exam the TA's hold a review session so definitely attend those. Also, i suggest buying the Reader but find the Textbook pdf.
I LOVED this class!
One of the best professors of SBU. Extremely helpful, great and interesting lectures, amazing person. an easy A class. Must take her. I took her for my Dec H class.
Great Professor. Lots of movies and she makes the course interesting and personable. If you are taking soc 105 or need a dec take marrone! There is a TON of readings for this class and she goes over some in class but be sure to read the textbook, a ton of the exam is from it. Also gives extra credit highly recommend her!
She is such an amazing professor. I studied about a day or two before the exam and got B's. The final I killed and did the extra credit paper and got an A. She is pretty hot for an older woman and she is very funny in classes. He presence makes you want to come to class!
SHE IS AMAZING!!! It's easy to get an A even though it's upper level course, as long as you make sure you take all the classes and do readings before exam. She's funny, witty and she knows how to make the class interesting. My DEFINITE FAVORITE in Stony Brook. I really recommend this class!!!
Amazing teacher, as long as you do what you are supposed to do it will be fairly easy.
great professor but A LOT of reading. as long as you pay attention in the class and read some of the material and do the extra credit offered at the end of the semester, you'll get an A. class is very interesting and you'll see things from very different points of views
She IS the bomb diggity. Attendance is not mandatory. If you keep up with the textbook you'll do well. It's easy and very interesting and she's extremely intelligent and helpful. I would recommend doing the optional opinion paper at the end of the semester.
She is simply put...AWESOME. i have her class this semester and she is a great teacher.
great professor, teaches everything clearly. txtbk isn't necessary but youre guaranteed and A if you read the textbook. she also gives extra credit which brought me from a B+ to an A. the questions on the tests are a little confusing but if u read the textbook, youre good, unless you always attend class. some stuff she says in class are on the test
i highly recommend it, and i also took her SOC 340 class. she's so nice, helpful, and makes the class interesting. attendance isn't mandatory, but everything she says in class is on the tests, which aren't hard especially if you study and at least skim readings. I got an A- in SOC340 and an A in SOC 395.
didnt study much and pull off a B
Easy, interesting class! Take as DEC, a lot of reading but the material is so easy and interesting that it doesn't seem too bad at all. She's so sweet and genuinely cares about her students
she is very enthusiastic and i enjoy her classes.
Shes a really nice professor. If you go to the letures & pay attention you should do fine in her class. She goes over everything you need to know, including the main points of the articles from the readings that she wants you to know. There are 3 multiple choice tests & an optional extra credit paper which she adds points to your lowest test grade
She is really nice. Her lectures go really fast considering we have to stay for 3 hours. You do have to keep up with the readings though. This isn't one of those classes you can study for the exam the night or two before and get an A. There is A LOT of reading, but it is pretty interesting. I would definitely recommend taking this class.
MUST DO ALL THE READINGS-no way around it,even if your an A student. If your not ready to bookworm it- take her when you are(she's sweet)
Shes really sweet,and interesting. You dont have to go to clas,. but if u dont you will kinda fail and the readings are heavy on exams
Very interesting class, great professor. Her exams are m/c. She asks specific questions. Not an easy A, but easy B. Focus on the readings. Lots of exam questions comes from the txtbook.
She is a very nice teacher. The only problem I have with her is that she gives too much reading for her tests (3 in total). However, she does give extra credit at the end! The subject seems sort of logical. The class can be really interesting and she tries her best to involve everyone in discussion. I recommend her to anyone who wants to take her!
you'd have to try pretty hard to fail her class. just do the readings and watch the films. She does her best to keep lectures interesting but if you miss one or fall asleep in one the notes are posted online anyway.her test are fair and very straight forward.
GREAT teacher, funny smart and just fun to be around. She makes coming to class an enjoyable experience. As long as you do the readings and read the notes from blackboard you should have no trouble in this class.... 3 thumbs up!! yes I said 3 :)
Dr. Lee is an old school teacher. He expects you to read the textbook before lecture in order to have a conversation in class. The sooner you realize that the sooner you'll enjoy his class. Tests are variations of the homework, either with compounded ideas or more steps. There are no surprises at all and he gives a good amount of partial credit.
Linwood Lee was a very good physics professor. I was someone who hated physics in highschool but I managed to get an A in his class. He's very helpful and his tests are incredibly simple. He maybe a bit old but it's not hard to understand him at all.
He is the sweetest professor ever. You can genuinely see that he enjoys teaching. He no longer does research anymore, and he teaches because he loves it. I heard that he used to be one of the best teachers, until something happened with his health making him forget things and stuff like that. I love this teacher. He truly cares for his students.
He is an awesome professor. I did not take advantage of having him as my first physics professor. I encourage you to ask him for help whenever needed. He truly cares for his students and he is a great man.
He's a very good professor. He might not be that clear in lecture 'cause he tends to write all over the board but if you pay attention, you'll understand what he's talking about. Also, he's a very easy grader during his recitations. He's very helpful and is just plain nice.
best phy pro in stony brook
first day you think, "uh oh, he's a crazy old man, this won't end well...", but then by the 2nd week you realize he's a great techer. really cares for the students, and loves his job. lots of office hours, and if you actually go he's very helpful. lots of examples in lecture, like when we spun him around in a chair, that was awesome. take his class
He is a really caring teacher and really helpful. The thing is, when he gives you practice problems before the exam, it seems much easier than what the exams really look like. basically, just do your hw. if you know your hw, then you will be good for the final.
Awesome professor. He has loads of office hours, and he shows you how to do the H/W problems if you go and ask him for help. He really cares about the students, and his tests are sssoooooo much easier than the textbook problems.
He is such a great guy and really helpful in office hours.
Very nice, understanding and always extremely helpful. I find physics challenging so I thought he moved a little quickly during recitation but he wants students to learn more than anything else.
Great instructor, really enjoys the back and forth of teaching. He's very positive and loves the subjects he teaches. I'd recommend him to anyone.
Loved his teaching syle and personality. He keeps the class fun while still teaching. He isn't for everyone though. He's the kind of guy you either love or hate. Luckily I loved him.
I agree with the other post that the books were not that good particularly "Uneqal Childhoods" which what little viable information could have been boiled down into a much smaller book. The naration rambled on and on and on. However, I do believe the Professor Mark's class was interesting and educational, he is a good teacher.
He's an OK guy, he's nice, seems slow, but a lot of students have a harsh opinion of him. I think its because students at The University of Maine are extra rude, vulgar, and bullyish. If I could switch colleges I would. UMaine has some pretty rude stuck up catty people here. It's the most rude place I've ever been. Don't come to Maine! :(
Very nice guy, pretty easy tests, but kinda boring!
Sociology wouldn't be the same without this guy! Class is easy and Marks knows his stuff
Nice teacher, fun class. Rather easy.
Kinda randomn sometimes but really helpful and nice
Good guy- he tries well anyways.
good class, open to new ideas, usually amusing
never EVER cancel class when he's gone and you're in charge...
Brilliant man, very easy to get along with.
I wasn't a fan of this class (mostly because I can barely read) but Lee made this class at least somewhat engaging. Her syllabus was well picked for the topic of disturbing narratives with some very interesting reads. What I will say is that it's a lot of work, so if free time is important to you, don't take this class unless you're a fast reader.
Professor Lee is one of a kind.... Regardless of the course, try to take a class with her. She will leave you inspired and informed. She is not only funny but unbelievably smart. She knows her stuff inside and out and genuinely cares about each one of her students. By far the best teacher I have ever had. Thank you professor lee!!!
a pathetic course. absoluteley useless
Very passionate about making music. Good professor. Let's you know when you're doing a good job and what you need to work on. Just don't mess with him! And practice!
He's fun if rehearsal's going well, but if people are unprepared, watch out!
He's knows his stuff but he is a jerk to anyone who doesn't meet his standards.
Great guy... very nice and can be funny at times
Read your text book, the test are hard, but from the book. Great,wonderful person. I agree, Wesleyan BEST!
His classes are very hard, but he's a really cool guy. And crazy ha ha. :P
Dr. Hale Is Wesleyans crown Jewel. Extremely knowledgeable, and willing to go the extra mile for his students. I took every class I could from him, and dont regret a moment. He is truly a prof that is there for the love of teaching.
Hale's classes are interesting and informative...just what we're paying for.
extremely laid back, excellent Prof. smart, and approachable. A+++
Juan tries to help math dummies (like me too) more than the others!
She was a really great teacher. I would recommened her.
Wilson is a great professor. He doesn't teach you the class, rather he makes you think for yourself. This class is more useful in learning how to formulate your own opinions rather than learning history of philosophy. Exams are posted online, no homework, one essay, and attendance isn't mandatory. Don't ask stupid questions. Easy A!
Professor Wilson is a great teacher. He loves philosophy and is very passionate about it. Attend classes, take notes and do quizzes he uploads on the BB and you should be perfectly fine. You don't need any textbooks for this class he provides everything.
Took Wilson's Business Ethics course over the winter, highly recommend it. Also had him for Phil346 logic class. Awesome philosophy teacher and is very helpful when u go to him. Don't be late to class! It is evident he brings years of experience and knowledge to lectures which is what students want
I don't think I learned a single thing from his lectures, and I think he only wrote ten words on the board all semester. He will spend 99% of the lecture time telling random life stories. He gives the class sample exams that are exactly like the ones you take. There are three papers to write and one project. Only one has to be done individually.
It's fun to listen to Wilson because he mostly talks about stuff that doesn't pertain to the class. He sometimes tells the same story several times, and he will tell it like he's never told it before. The papers are easy; all he cares about is whether you followed the rubric.
Awesome course to take. But make sure you chose discussion session with Sofiya (TA). She is the BEST TA I have ever had. Very friendly, relaxed and willing to help you out at every moment.
great class ! interestin prof and TA he was awesome
He is a good professor. More than lenient. He hates laziness, but wants all of his students to excel. So do what you are told and you should get an A. Three papers and 1 test.
Richard Wilson is an interesting person. Class is pretty boring. Wilson usually goes off on tangents. There are 3 papers and 1 test with a presentation. There is no reason why you shouldn't get an A in this class. not much else to say. Has a dry sense of humor.
Really nice prof. Very entertaining and funny. Definitely one of the better lecturers at UMBC. Only major problem was getting a hold of him through email, but it was during winter semester so it's forgivable. Honestly though, I felt CMSC 304 was a completely worthless endeavor- again, maybe because I took it over the compressed winter semester.
I've had him for religion, ethics, and logic. He is very clear on what he wants and believes strongly in attendance. Very goofy, which I think some people are uncomfortable with, but very intelligent/fair. Tests aren't misleading but they can be difficult. Come to class and he'll be very lenient/easy! If you don't, there's no real mercy.
Often goes off on tangents and repeats the same concepts. One test which he gives you a study guide for. Don't get the book- you won't use it. You have to write lots of papers and he will help you on them if you ask. Very nice and has lots of bad jokes. Overall he's a pretty good professor.
He's not someone you want as an enemy, but as long as you do your part, he will make certain you get all the help you need. He's really funny too.
get into a good group for the research project. very lenient as long as you do your work. no books needed. great professor
He's a good teacher. Though the class is early, people rarely fall asleep. He keeps the class entertaining and he tells you exactly what's going to be on the test. The tests are very easy, in that they are almost like high school tests.
If you can't get at least a B in this class, something is wrong. He's kind of awkward, but fun. Enjoy!
wilson was an odd man, but he made me laugh. he was pretty understanding of the fact that i had the flu for 2 weeks and helped me get ready for the final.
This is an easy A. One of the most laid back teachers ever, he spends a lot of the class talking about himself, making fun of his wife and such. It's great. You do end up learning everything you need to in the class as well, so he is a good teacher. DON'T BUY THE BOOK.
Very good and fun professor. Come to class and try, and u will get a good grade if u do decent on the tests. easy to talk to and goes off on a tagent almost every day, but some of his stories r funny. if ur gonna take phil 100, take him no doubt.
Good class. Takes it VERY personally if you dont come to class, but you will do fine if you do. No tests, pretty hard quizzes. Main thing, come to class!
i also had him for phil 100...he's the most sarcastic and conceited person on earth, nevertheless i highly recommend him because 1) his exams are easy, 2) he knows what he's talking about, and 3) his raw sense of humor.
This is my second time having her as my professor and she has been extremely helpful this semester in particular. She loves to meet during office hours and she gives advice on how to improve, etc, SUPER CARING. If youre really into spanish, be sure to read and annotate everything because it'll help in the long run. It is content/book heavy though!
Prof. Gomez-Perez is very reasonable with her expectations, and wants us to do well. Some material can be challenging, but I felt well prepared for compositions and exams.
Excellent professor, and undeniably one of the best professors here at Loyola. Genuinely cares about students. Your Spanish will most certainly drastically improve after taking her!
Love her!The material isn't that interesting but she is so nice, helpful, and an easy grader. She really wants you to do well, is very easy to understand, and is straight-forward. One of my favorite classes!
i have no idea why her ratings are so low! she's fantastic. she's straight from madrid, so she only teaches what you actually need to know. she's hilarious and always willing to help. tests arent bad if you study, and homework is easy and never checked. one of the best teachers i've had at loyola.
Not really sure why she has bad ratings, she's always been very helpful and easy to get along with, and I've never been good at Spanish. Gives a lot of work, but will go out of her way to help you if you ask for it(she actually let me re-do a test cause I was sick on the day and did horribly)
I wish I could take her again. Yes the class mostly in spanish and there's a fair amount of work. She's nice, genuinely caring and extremly knowledgable. If you try just a little you'll do fine but if you're a cutter and a slacker go else where. If you want to learn spanish take her.
I don't know why everyone gave her bad ratings. I think she is a really sweet woman who wants you to do well in her class. I think she genuinely cares for her students and loves Spanish. She teaches all in Spanish but she also helps you get so much better at the language. Don't worry, take her!
I really enjoyed Dr. Boothby's class. He's a fair grader especially if you go to his office hours and ask him questions. He gives extra credit opportunities. He's a really nice guy and he's a genius.
This class was interesting at times, but also a mess. Deadlines change all of the time, and sometimes the criteria for essays can be confusing. Overall a great guy though, and the class was interesting. He loves you if you participate and engage in the class, and honestly you will enjoy it more that way. I just really wish it was more organized.
Boothby is a great guy. This class was genuinely interesting. However, like a typical philosophy professor, he's a pushover and very scattered. Almost never followed the syllabus and changed readings/due dates. Only graded based on two papers and a final essay exam. Really cool class but can be kind of depressing because it makes you question life
Dr. Boothby is a very understanding professor when it comes to attendance, although it is highly recommended to not skip. If you fall behind in this course, it's hard to pick back up. He's a tough grader on papers and likes to give quizzes, but also warns you the class before that there may or may not be a quiz the next class.
He's brilliant and loves what he's teaching, which makes the subject matter easier to get throughCharismatic and hilarious. He WILL call on you and probably use you as an example and you will be embarrassed. But he does it to everyone so it's just funny. He's just so enthusiastic that even if you get the answer wrong, you feel good about yourself.
Took him for foundations of philosophy. Wicked boring topic, but he actually did a pretty good job making the lectures pretty entertaining. It also doesn't hurt that he's kinda sexy too.
gives awesome lectures, is very passionate about what he teachers which makes classes fun, and he loves hearing the students opinions which is great
thinks hes richard gear, but a good teacher, fair grader and he loves to flip his hair in class. Take him you'll get an A
Okay I am obsessed. Take him right now. Sign up. So cute, so interesting, loves sex..loves being sexy...
Friendly and funny, he gets you to think and actually makes some of this B.S. interesting. Open to different perspectives on any topic. Accommodates you if you miss a test, etc., but not a pushover.
great guy, great teacher, but tough
boothby is funny as hell. he is cool and his class is enjoyable
knows his stuff, tests aren't too bad, not too demanding
Fun and thought provoking
Professor Franz is a chill and witty guy who talks a lot (and kinda slowly). The readings were short and manageable, and the class is not that challenging as long as you pay attention. He's a mostly fair grader and it helps your grade to participate in class a lot. Overall, the class was fun and provocative but also sometimes kinda dry.
Professor Franz is definitely not an easy professor. The midterms are a lot of writing, but as long as you take notes on what he says the answers are all in the lectures. He may try and scare you on the quizzes and the midterms, but they are very manageable. Franz's lectures are very interesting and get you thinking.
I would recommend Franz. He is very knowledgeable about the material discussed. The class is lecture heavy and note-taking is very important. There is usually a pop quiz at the beginning of the class, but he sometimes skips this for whatever reason. Two midterms that are writing based and taken in class and a MC and short answer final.
Early on he assigns fairly lengthy readings (20 pgs) and then has a pop quiz (every class) on one sentence. (The readings do get shorter!) While this sounds contradicting, this guy is literally the best! He is very passionate about what he teaches and clearly lists out the answers to tests beforehand. It is easy to do well if the work is put in.
Dr Franz is one of the best professors I had this year. He's very clear about what he wants and gives test questions out a few days before the test. He's a fair grader but you really have to write something special to get a high A. Overall hes a great teacher and is interesting to listen to, I'd recommend taking his class
Amazing teacher. My favorite course this year. Franz is the greatest guy, the course is interesting and the tests are fair.
Best teacher ever. He is very interesting and always answers any questions you have. He goes though all the material and makes sure you understand it before he moves on. Quizzes are easy. Tests can be difficult if you do not prepare, but he gives you the essay questions ahead of time, and there is plenty of time to prepare your agreement.
Franz is the best professor i've had at loyola and I am a senior. I've taken his courses multiple times and found each of them to be challenging. He is not easy but if you do all the reading, show up ready to discuss and are not a complete idiot you can't do poorly. Take him if you want to improve yourself.
Franz tries to scare you, but he is actually really nice. He likes it when you participate in class, and when you do he gets to know you. If you pay close attention in class and to the reading you are sure to do fine.
Extremely intelligent, intense professor. Class is hard but interesting, and he simplifies a lot of concepts through his lectures. Great prof. for poly sci majors. YOU HAVE TO READ! Difficult class and hard grader, but if you show that you are willing to participate and put in effort, he is wiling to help you out when it comes to final grades.
He was an awesome teacher who made even Plato fun!! I learned more in class than any other. He may come off evil but overall he's just smart & knows it. He expects a lot but won't give more than you can handle. I would jump at the chance to take him again.
Well spoken, intelligent and challenging. He is very exacting and extracts precise answers if you are willing to concentrate in class and do the readings. Definately take this politics class. One of the best classes I have ever taken.
Dr. Franz very well may have sold his soul to the devil in exchange for the ability to talk about Machiavelli, without notes or a single moment of confusion, for an hour straight. Bring him a box of cheap wine the first day of class and you'll get an A.
A very, very tough grader but a true genius. Read everything very carefully (maybe more than once). His quizzes are very exacting and he gives a lot of them.
His bark is worse than his bite. I think everyone needs to experience this man - plus he is HOT!!
An excellent professor, his class is a joy every time, funny and extremely intelligent man, if you work hard you will be rewarded...and his butt makes it all worth it!
You will learn more in his courses than any other.
Dr. B is a great instructor and caters each class to fit the needs of each particular class. He's experienced and willing to help.
I had Joel for COMM 220 online. It was pretty easy and you learn a lot of useful information!
He is probably the easiest professor I've ever had. He has lots of group activites and it can become kind of annoying, but he makes it fun. I do feel like we're in middle school sometimes, but it's easy and I've learned a lot.
Hated his freshman english class--he has lame jokes and can be very boring. I used his class to practice looking interested when I couldn't care less. His Interpersonal Communication class was better, he was more interesting. Overall, he's a nice guy and very helpful to students, just a little dull.
He's a great guy but tends to get off subject and waste valuable class time frequently.
With my ADHD and interest of the subject this class was not difficult at all. There is a ton of reading and somewhat lengthy assignments. But she has a strict and clear rubric which is my preference. She answered my questions swiftly on email, and was very helpful. The questions are length but there is more than enough to write about.
There were a few test and a few papers where you had to answer questions about your simulated child. I did these to the best of my ability and did really well on them. Had I done all of my work I would have got an A but I skipped 1/3 of one of the papers and it lowered me to a B+. I would definitely recommend her class if you have the time.
I took this online and it's not bad at all, all you have to do is post a discussion twice a week and do 5 "activities" over the semester. The tests are soo hard and specific but they are online so you can use your book If you want to cheat. Overall, pretty easy if you do what you're supposed to.
I took this class 3 times...I failed the first 2 times but that was because I did not try very hard but finished the last time with a B+ because I tried :)...yes the tests are hard but if you do the reading and stay actively involved in the class then you will be fine...it is not a class you can just get by in without trying...
Online class is kind of easy. Read everything every week and there will be no surprises on tests(which are all multiple choice).Always helpful if you need it and very prompt with grading. She is understanding and I would recommend that if you have something going on that is interfering with your work, or if you just need a little help, contact her!
Great setup using FirstClass folders and just WebCT for tests. A lot of material, but if you read it and know where to find it for the openbook test you are good. Strict deadlines for assignment posts and discussion posts, but that motivates you to stay on top of it for the three weeks.
Very sweet and helpful woman!
Class was very difficult, and the material was a bit tedious at times. This can be credited to the material solely however. The professor did a great job of passing on his passion for plant sciences to his students. Very helpful if approached and a genuinely nice person. He has a personal vendetta against invasive species, a good thing
Very very clear.
Dr. Annis is polite and formal - seems approachable but I have never met her in person. She gave a LOT of lecture homework with short quiz for every lecture in place of clicker questions. I felt like the grading was fair, and it is not very test heavy. You do have to give a presentation on a plant but it was straightforward and not graded toughly
Had her for BIO 100 and my Capstone. She's tough, but also very helpful if you need it.
I had Professor Annis for BIO 100 last Fall and she was a wonderful professor. Always willing to meet outside of class. Very clear exam questions. Excellent at explaining confusing concepts! I highly recommend her!
I read these comments and don't get why ppl are so against her. I hate Bio, and she is really not that bad at all. And she IS quite helpful.
Ok people,you apparently are all dumb because this class wasEASY.Just follow the notes ad OCCASIONALLY read the book and you get A's.Annis sucks the most though,is not personable,and refuses to show slides before lecture(or at all)because she is more concerned about the class grad rather than an individual's grade.Kev/Farad are 100x better teachers
Annis is the ****. Anybody that can't learn from her is a moron.
He gets a bad rap, Great guy and as long as you put some effort forth you will do fine.
I have no problems with the way the man teaches. It's not meant for people who need to be spoon-fed solutions. (It IS meant for physics majors and engineers.) Workshops and reading are required. BUT, his tests ARE too long for the allotted time. If you've got him, commit yourself to A-level studying and you might finish enough questions to get a C.
Tough class requires fair amount of work. But if you aren't lazy it's more than doable. Test require thorough understanding of material so you need to study a lot.
Great professor. He teaches concepts so you then can apply them. He is not about just going through procedures, so if you want to learn and not memorize stuff, than he is great! If you are an engineer and know how to work, this class is easy.
Dr. Clark is really good IF you are willing to work hard in the class. To do well in his class you have to read the labeled, "required" text and go to class. Very helpful if you go up to him after class with questions and will help you.
A lot of people flame on Dr. Clark because he doesn?t hand-feed answers, or make it so lecture alone is enough. He is a professor where you will need to also put in some personal initiative to read the required reading. I found him great and very helpful whenever I needed a question answered.
Dr. Clark did well for his first time teching this class. I learned alot over the semester. Must have a good grading policy b/c with a lab grade of probably 60, HW grade of 94, test scores of 79,45,105,.. final unkown I still pulled off a B. He is always willing to meet with you.. really cares. The only thing that was disappointing is the labs.
Sophomore lab is quite a hurdle. Clark is the right guy to teach it.
These are difficult labs, but he is very helpful if you ask for help.
Funny guy, he talks to you not at you
Good professor- talks a lot.
This class was definitely not hard. He didn't really teach much in lecture so you kind of had to teach yourself within your table group, but just ask questions. 2-3 HW every tuesday, thursday, and sunday. They didn't take super long so work ahead. On the final we got a cheat sheet and it made up for past tests if you got a better grade.
Great! Easy lectures and homework simply because he makes them so easy to understand. You go over many examples in class until it's drilled into your brain. The exams aren't too difficult if you study and pay attention in class. Plus you get. a notecard on the exams.
Uses MyStatLab. Structure is good for a 6 week summer course. Teacher is responsive and a fair grader.
Mr. Zoroyas class was harder than I expected, but not impossible. The way he has class set up is just him briefly explaining something while you sit in a group and try to work out the problem, usually something that youve never seen before. Getting an A isnt hard though! His tests arent hard, plus he gives points for showing up every day.
For an online course, I very much enjoyed it. As long as you do the work and study, this is a great class to take.
I took his Den class for stats and pre-calc. I loved it, if you watch the videos before hand, class is soo easy. Make a good cheat sheet and keep it for the final. He also posts all pre and post class notes so if you miss class you can see exactly what was done for the day. He's really personable and makes a huge lecture hall seem like a small room
Todd was a great professor. I am absolutely terrible at math and received an A in this class. He curves test grades and made stats seem like a breeze. Definitely would take another math class with him if I have to. Best math teacher at UMaine.
Todd was by far my personal favorite math professor that I could've ever asked for. This was my third class in a row that he taught. He was always very willing to listen to his students, any time a question was asked or when we needed more information on a subject; he'd always help us out. I give Todd the highest possible respect. Todd, YOU ROCK!
hes very understanding!!
Great instructor with a good sense of humor.
Todd is really nice and makes an effort to learn students' names. He makes Statistics interesting and...dare I say it...EASY.
He's probably been my favorite teacher this semester. He's very friendly and is always willing to help you understand the material. Great professor.
Very nice guy!
I am no math student, but Zoroya was very helpful and a good math professor. Clas meets once a week, 2 hours required in the Math Den for coursework. 3 tests, weekly quizzes and homework. The final can replace a test, if the final is better than a test. Got a B
i took this same course with a different teacher who was terrible so i had to drop it. i took it again with todd and it was 1,000 times easier to understand. he's a nice guy too.
He's a chunky cuddly looking guy who's really nice and helpful. Also, his tests aren't very hard and he explains things really well. Do the homework and you'll do great!
Goes out of his way to be helpful.
Great professor, and is really clear on what needs to be on the test. His lectures can get a little dry, but if you come to class, you may get an additional treat (cookies!) =P
love him! very helpful and always willing to go over hard terms! best professor so far!
I went to exam days and review sessions, and studied the notes he posts. I never got less than a 90 on an exam.
The class is easy, but the lectures tend to be boring and repetitive.
Funny Guy. the tests are kinda difficult but if you go to the study sessions he provides a day or two before the exam you should do well. he will tell you EVERYTHING you need for the exam. So all you have to do is study the material. He uses funny anologies for things and tells fnny stories to help you remember information.
He's a very nice person. His tests are rather difficult, but if you do the reading like he asks you to, you should do fine. He also posts ALL of the notes on the First Class for you, which is REALLY helpful, you can print them and elaborate on them in class. I suggest his class.
Good professor, easy class. Like the others have said, print off the lecture notes and read the book. Easy A.
Very energetic to teach, nice, and gives incentives to be in class!
Very animated presentation of material, notes online wicked helpful!
Puts his notes on first class which makes it so easy, take this class!
Richard is a great professor. He gives helpful feedback and provides multiple opportunities for revision.
This guy is just plain awesome. He is pretty funny and definitely likes to go in depth with things. One of my favorite professors I have ever had. Great Professor
Interesting Man.
An absolute joy to have as a teacher! Funny, articulate, interesting and interested very much so in what students have to say. By far one of the best professors I have ever had!
Like his class a lot. Wasn't afraid to call you out about the reading, but wasn't a jerk about it, either. Showed lots of movies, sometimes had people act out parts. Interesting class, dry sense of humor, very funny.
I thought he was great! Granted, he took some getting used to at first. But once I was used to his teaching style, I had a blast. And while he did go off on tangents quite frequently, they were always really interesting, so I didn't mind. I'd really recommend taking this class with him. He was so helpful and I learned a lot.
This guy I really liked. He really pushed to get people thinking for themselves, and was really funny at the same time. He always had something interesting to say. It was a hell of a lot more interesting than some of the reading material, that's for sure. I definitely recommend him for this course. He definitely knows what he's talking about.
Professor Brucher is completely AWESOME!! I've become cynical about some of the professors on campus over my years at UM, but he blew my socks off. Not only did he know his Shakespeare, but he also has a history in theater, so he understood that aspect as well, which is a rare combination. I loved the class and I'm taking the 400 lvl with him too!
Very good professor. Very witty. I was surprised to see what looked like a burly six foot, four football coach when I first entered my class about interpreting plays, but he taught very well.
Awesome class! I never thought Shakespeare could be so much fun!
Good lit, good class...quite amusing
great guy, good teacher. good sense of humor-interesting class
Very straight forward in lecture. Her notes are in outline form, and they are basically everything you need to know for the exams.
If you arent serious about learning... it would probably do you best in the long run not to enroll in one of Dr. Moons classes.
I was his work study and oh did he make his students bleed for the grades but damned if you don't know the subject when you are done... You could also hear where he was if he was teaching... B!
Dr. Moon is the bomb.
Knows his material. Hard to understand sometimes but still a great teacher. My grade does not reflect his teachings but my lack of reading when I was younger in the 1990s.
One of the few college professors I will never forget. Talk about a genuine teacher! This guy was full of heart and very willing to share his knowledge. Fantastic instructor.
I have learned things that I have always wanted to know and some things I never thought I would want to know. But I know that no one else would have ever told me any of it. Probably the smartest peron at this school. Becard and pay attention or you may miss a blank on your worksheet.
He has some of the most intresting topics
Sociology and there was one other... We learned a lot and she was very friendly and helpful...
Tighe is really good, I really like her as a professor. She gives off sweet grandmother vibes and has a good sense of humor. The only thing I don't really like about her is her slow grading sometimes. She's been having some health issues so it's understandable but sometimes throughout the semester, we've been held in limbo for weeks w/ exams.
Tighe is a great professor. She goes thru lectures quick, but will stop and explain better if you ask. Blank notes, previous quizzes/tests, etc are provided, so there is a lot of material that can help you prepare for exams. She's very down-to-earth and understanding, too.
I had Professor Tighe for Calc 151. The good thing about her is that she gives you previous quizzes and tests for last semesters and the previous years before so you can see what is going to be on the test and quizzes. The bad thing is she is a very strict grader she has a standard on students on how you do things
She is a very good teacher, and goes through lot of examples in class, though she sometimes goes through actual notes a little too fast. You NEED to read the textbook, since she doesn't go over very much outside of examples or the first 10 minutes of class. Her TAs are almost completely useless, and they NEVER give helpful answers to questions.
Mrs. Tighe is a wonderful professor. I am not the greatest at Math and so calculus 1 was a little challenging. She gives out quizzes that she has used in previous years as practice. She also gives 10% curve on the tests. She is nice and if you go to lectures and do the work, you should pass her class.
She is honestly the best Calc I teacher I ever have. She really takes the time to go through each problem and explains on how to do it! Sometimes she can go a bit fast, but otherwise as long as you pay attention in her lectures and practice her quiz and exams, then you should be fine!
Not a math person but somehow survived. She expects a lot from her students but gives you the tools you need to be successful. Lectures are interesting and she's a very kind and understanding professor. Do the practice exams to prepare!
She was a very helpful professor, clarified any difficulties and told us the type of format for the final exam (Calc 2). Even though her quizzes and exams were difficult, because of the final exam, I managed to maintain a B in this class. Tighe rocks!!
She's very funny
Calculus II is hard on its own, don't really like the way she teaches it. Lectures are online, so are practice quizzes and tests, they are HARD, be PREPARED. She projects the lecture sheets, goes over theorems, then problems. Terrible way to teach, but passable if that's your thing.
While intimidating at first, she is very sweet, funny, and approachable. Her exams are very difficult, but as long as you prepare well with the quizzes and practice exams, it'll be better. She talks quickly in her lectures, but if you let her know, she'll go slower. She answers all your questions and offers as much help as she can.
She is a tough old tigher (: difficult grader, but she tells you what she expects and wont take less than that. Be ready to work but it is very possible to succeed in her class. She is one of the best teachers I have had at UMBC. Would recommend
Great teacher. Quizes can be a bit difficult, but exams aren't too bad. Ms. Tighe definitely makes the final exam look like the easiest exam in the world if you do well in the class.
Professor Tighe made Calc II a great experience. Her unit exams were tougher, which allowed me to feel more than prepared while taking the final. Her lecture notes were always clear and full of good examples. I always looked forward to her class because of her hilarious personality. Definitely one of the best professors here.
Bonny Tighe is a great teacher. She made it clear that you needed to actually understand the material to pass, so just take the class seriously. Definitely go to lectures because she does lots of practice problems in class. Khan academy videos and the homework website webassign mostly helped me pass because she goes kind of fast over the materials.
Her tests are a little bit harder than the other teachers but that just makes you more prepared for the final. Can seem a bit intimidating at times but don't be afraid to ask questions duringafter class, she'll respect you for it. Make sure to do a bit of studying on your own to get an A. Be sure to stop by CASTLE for math help and a Tighe hat.
She will work you to the bone. The tests are hard, and the quizzes are killer. The thing is, in the 2 classes I had with her, she doesn't make the final, another, easier professor does. So, her students are used to harder tests, and are more prepared for the final. Regardless, I never would have anyone else teach me math.
Good math teacher. She did not make the tests easy, you will need to study. I took AP Calc and still had to study for my A.
She uploads packets of notes that are 'fill in the blank' so that you can keep up during class and listen wo having to worry about writing down EVERYTHING! She will answer questions during class (immediately remembers the students who do!) and encourages office hour visits. She wants you to learn the material and gives every chance to contact her.
Professor Tighe is a very hard grader and the material might be hard for you to understand if you don't go to lecture. She is very fair and open to suggestions. Tests are hard but the large amount of homework and group quizzes definitely prepare you. She is very sarcastic and funny.
She gives printed notes. Exams are harder than the rest of the professors, but she teaches the material very well so you should do fine. Know your algebra and trig. Overall, she made calculus fun for me, I really enjoyed the class.
No one has ever explained Calculus in such a simple, easy to understand, and fun way. She speaks in a language that everyone can easily understand and as long as you understand and pay attention the homework, the quizzes and exams are a piece of cake.
Very good teacher. Lecture attendance is not mandatory, but highly recommended. Tighe often explains things differently than the text, and her examples usually pop up on the exams. Exams have extra questions, so if you work quickly there is the potential for extra credit. I found weekly quizzes more challenging than the exams. WebAssign homework.
Great teacher, very clear and helpful, quizzes are in groups, and the tests aren't too bad if you go to class and really study the homework and quizzes. Highly recommend for Calc 2
Good professor. Kind of sassy, but she's funny. She cares about her students and will help. Her exams were hard in the sense that there were a lot of questions in a limited amount of time. Her exams made the final easy though. I recommend her.
I think Bonnie was a great teacher. She is definitely sassy and will call you out if she is in a bad mood and you are texting or "disrupting the class", but I found the lessons really easy to understand. If you are decent at math and attend every class and do the homework, you will be fine. Also we barely used the book, don't buy it.
She is the best math teacher I have ever had. The course is a difficult course, but she makes it easier. If you show up to class and do minimal work outside of class besides the homework, you can get an A.
One of the best math teachers at UMBC. As long as you go to class and ask for help when you need it you WILL be fine. She is approachable. Her exams are tough so just beware that this isn't your normal skip catch up class. I would recommend her highly :)
Overall, she's a good teacher. She could definitely do without the attitude but it's not so bad. She's very clear on what she expects and provides practice exams/quizzes that are very similar to the real deal.
Very, very, very hard teacher. However, she definitely knows what she's talking about. If you need a good structure and someone to kick your butt in order to learn, shes the one for you. Great teacher, but hard.
Took calc in high school, so class was easy for me, but didn't seem too hard. Quizzes were hard, but really helped for exams. Make sure you practice problems. She's very entertaining, good sense of humor. Ask questions, she'll answer and help you out. Loves participation. Some EC in discussion, but STUDY for exams.
I got an A. Bonny Tighe is a very good professor. She makes the lecture material difficult so the exams are much easier. She makes calculus interesting which is hard to do. But you still have to put in work to do well. Make sure you study for the quizzes every Friday.
She's funny, but when it comes to the exams, it's a bit tricky. Actually, it's hard. Unless you took Calc in high school, good luck studying. Go to her office hours; she'll help you out (especially when she gives out final grades).
Very good professor. Gets right to the point with teaching the material, which is VERY helpful. The course work was hard, but Mrs. Tighe is always available for help. If you have to take Calc II, take it with Mrs. Tighe
I had Prof Tighe for both Calc 1 and 2. And she was awesome through out both. Her class can be difficult but she is always there to help. She can forget things like that she made office hours...but if you remind her and really communicate with her you will have no problem in her class. Go to class, do the homework, and try!
Nice lady. Loves to help and answer questions. Tests are very long, but she likes to give partial credit. Not too much hwk, and gives group quizzes. I have previously taken Song for another class and I strongly recommend her over Song! SHE'S THE BEST CALC TEACHER AT UMBC
Starting Spring '08, the textbook will be changed. However she was quite easy for Calc 2, there were plenty old exams, quizzes, finals posted on blackboard and if you studied from them you are guaranteed an A. However, now that the book has changed, I doubt she'll post anything online, just like Calc 1.
A very motherly professor but full of tough love. You have to be a self-starter to do well, this isn't a memorization course AT ALL. Know the material inside and out. She gives lots of homework but also long office hours. Be warned, exams are tricky, always from that one problem you skipped on the homework. So study HARD and you will do well.
Good teacher, but has very hard exams. However, you'll come out of the class knowing the material very well.
This is a pretty easy class...just pay attention and do ALL the problems. The exams are pretty easy as long as you pay attention in class..the only hard part of this class was the final..everything was on the final and its hard..but if you get A's on all the exams you dont need to take the final.
Good teacher, funny, just come to class everyday, otherwise she will know who skips, but shes very helpful and tries to make the class interesting.
GREAT professor. Knowledgable and informative. A++ would take again.
Cool and fun teacher, and easy to work with.
Good person. Hard course. Puts sample exams on web! Take her!
Professor Killgallon is a really nice guy. His class is extremely boring, and attendance is mandatory. He sets up lots of easy to follow guidelines for assignments, so everything's easy! Oh and he's a bit of a pushover too. Just show up to class & do all the assignments, and you'll do great!
i took english 100a which has more emphasis on grammar i think but the material that we learned daily was RIDICULOUSLY easy. The papers were graded HARD but you get 3 peers to review it in class so there is no excuse to lose too many points. The final paper was time consuming- 20 pages turned in with notes, biblio, and a ton of other stuff.
Too much work for a 100 level class. Last semester, the class was out of 5,700 points. No exams, but 4 major papers. Stupid rules like cirlce semicolons and colons on papers. Home work is easy but there is A LOT of it. He also has a short temper. 1/2 of the class points comes from the final paper you write which is between 15-20 pages. Its on JFK.
very boring teacher but easy. Just do everything he says and dont give him any attitude and you will get a good grade in the class. On his essays and assignments just follow exactly what he asks for and you will be garenteed an A.
good
Lots of work, obsessed with JFK and Elvis, quizes and essays are extremely easy. Go to class and keep up with the group work and you'll do fine.
If you are planning to be a history major (or another major that involves a lot of writing), take killgallon. best part- no books to read like the other english professors. grade consists of 4 papers, some quizes, and a final paper composed of 3 five pg essays on JFK's assassination.
Teaches you to better technical-writing, but his homework is really tedious (my advice is to handwrite the homework so he can't read it- just BS it). His papers require some effort, but it'll help you in the long run if your major requires a lot of paper writing.
Really great person, not as great of a professor. I took this class online, so didn't have to do any in-class exams or whatnot, which was pretty nice. Be prepared to write... A LOT. Ask a lot of questions, especially if you don't understand feedback on assignments. He's always willing to provide extra feedback and talk to you outside of class
This professor has a lot of experience in teaching econ. While unclear sometimes in class, he is very patient and fair with you especially one-on-one. I feel like I am learning a lot of econ in this class. Recommended!
Interesting lectures, but TAs grade unfairly
Really interesting class and professor. She loves philosophy and tries hard to explain it. Posts notes on blackboard and assignments are fairly easy.
The class was really good! She lets you get into debates with your classmates which I found really helpful when it came time to write my final schema analysis. She expresses her own view a lot...but if you can get beyond that, she's a lot of fun!!
If you actually get to know her, she's a really interesting and helpful person who deserves more credit than given.
awesome teacher for seminars, good grader, brought her dog ramsey to class
Everything the person above said. To the whole class he just likes to hear himself speak and so he orates, very dryly. One on one, however, he is extremely helpful. It involves many hours at a computer for the homeworks, but the class is conceptually easy so you'll be fine- just beware of his grading scheme.
Has an unusually hard grading curve, getting an A is impossible. Lectures are a complete waste of time and brutally boring but he takes attendence. Bringing my PSP to class is the only thing that keeps me from going insane listening to him talk. Nobody in the world likes to hear himself talk more than this guy.
Prof Keefe aka Mr. Rogers is an extremely GREAT guy! yea he might be a tough teacher but once you get to know him, he is a really sweet person. really have you met his huge family?? they are awesome! he has sacrificed so much to get to were he is right now. also he's passionate about what he does.
Homeworks are very loooooong, but he is a great teacher. Doesn't he sound like Reverand Lovejoy form the simpsons. HAHA
TAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSKKKKKKKKKK!
easy class,lectures boring-but there are computer games to occupy your time
Definitely looks like Mr. Rogers, but very nice and good teacher
Too much drawing on AutoCad. =
He's a good guy, pretty insightful, but went way too easy on us. If you like to talk and not write papers, this is the class for you.
he gave good explanations of what went on in the books that we read
Good in a small group setting. Mumbles a little.
I like Pro. King. I can easily follow him by the notes on the blackboard.He did check homework.If you finished the homework, don't worry about the quiz!
Got a B+ and did not do any problems from the book really. Just look at the study guides and mock quizzes, THEY ARE IDENTICAL TO THE REAL ONES!!
This guy is too cute! I can't believe he won't be teaching anymore :( Definitely a really awesome guy to know.
incredible teacher, knows the subject extremely well. it IS mandatory to put in effort, but it is worth it. the class indirecly teaches you about WORK ETHIC. students these days dont have much of that kind of ethic anymore. bob and will are both amazing professors.
Difficult, but do-able. Learn to read quickly & effectively. He's not kidding when he says 30hrs/week outside of class. Bob is an EXCELLENT instructor. He expects u 2 work & can get frustrated w/lazy students. He really cares & is happy to help. Material is mostly not difficult, but the pace kills u. keep up/welcome to the business world!
Go to every class, turn in every assignment on time, start the SUA early, read (or at least skim) all (or most) of the daily readings, type up your hand-written notes after every class, work on your exam notes after every class, and start studying for exams at least a week ahead. Hard class, lots of work. Just do it but don't make excuses to Bob.
Bob is the best. He seems intimidating, and sometimes his initial reaction to students' comments/questions are too honest, but thats just Bob. He's always willing to go over things you might not understand, but you have to take the time to approach him. Don't waste his time tho if your not on your game.
Bob is a tough guy, and he loves to crack jokes about attorneys. He explains the mechanics of a problem very well, but he doesn't explain the concepts behind them as well. Make sure you read before class and study your in-class notes right after class. You'll benefit from doing this in the end because you can have up to 25 CH to study per Exam.
This is the toughest course I have ever taken, but you will learn a lot if you work hard. Participation and getting into a good group are also very important (LOTS of group work). Bob knows a heck of a lot and is very approachable/helpful if you apply yourself. Beware of giving wrong answers. He can make people feel kind of dumb.
This is a very tough class. He comes off as a hard@$$ (especially in the begining of the semester), but he is actually quite helpful and approachable. I have literally never worked so hard or learned so much during one class. Do the work and volunteer in class, and he will like you.
Bob is a great teacher and really knows the material. He's not mean, he just expects students to ask intelligent questions and come to class prepared. The work is hard, but Bob really explains it well - it's up to you to take good notes and study appropriately for the exams (which are no joke!).
A good teacher but likes to throw curve balls when it comes exam time. Knows his stuff and teaches it well though but you can't escape being baffled come test time. Very mean when it comes to asking questions in class. If it's a dumb question he'll make sure the class knows it was dumb. Criticizes people on message board as well. Good luck in 321
It is tough/stressful. I recommend taking under 15 units, there's a ton of homework & group work, many late/sleepless nights to look forward to. Tests are tricky & hard, you never know what will end up on it, at least you get to use notes. Bob is nice when asking questions in class & doesn't make you feel stupid for asking. GOOD LUCK!!!
Very clear about what is required. If you follow the format, do the work and go to class, it's an easy A. Nice guy who is interested in what he teaches.
This class was hell. Tons of work. Bob is a very good teacher; he knows what he's talking about. However, he's tough and expect a lot from you. His exam questions are tricky. He like playing with your mind, especially on exams
bob is great! ppl simply gives him bad ratings bc they are too lazy to study the materials. to do well you have to understand the concepts (rather than memorize). don't procrasinate. ask smart questions and participate (not to the pt where you become obnoxious). pick a smart grp to work and study w/
If you're a lazy student who wants to slide by, you'll won't like him. If you're a hard worker who wants to learn, you'll love him. An excellent teacher who cares beneath that supposedly gruff exterior.
Ok, he's short, stern, and reminds me of the hamburger helper glove when he raises his hands, but is different outside of class. You'll have worse in 322. Don't be intimidated. Have to work harder than humanly possible, but you learn to think critically.
A tough teacher, but knows what he is doing & willing to help
Her class was okay. Not my fave, but definitely easy. Three tests, one paper. Study ahead, it really helps. It was somewhat enjoyable because she actually interacted with us instead of lecturing. Nice woman, but still a dry class. Only take her if you need an easy GenEd.
She is very bubbly and ditzy. She loves to talk. Shes a decent teacher. Easy class. 3 tests, one project, no text book. Only some classes are manadatory. Shes very nice. I recommend taking her class
She's very nice and the tests are easy if you study, like with every class. She has a neat accent. Start the project way ahead of time!!!
She is very sweet. Lot of work and tests are complex but if you do all of the work and study it is an easy A or B.
Yeah it was boring but compared to the other gen eds in the category, I'd defanatly recomend! She posts all the notes online so just go to class and sit there. Easy tests if you study and she is very nice
She was cool. Test were ok. I got a B, should have got an A
Godfried is an okay guy. I never head any problem with him really except that he will literally destroy any piece of writing you give him. Dry sense of humor, good guy though. Very intelligent, and certainly knows very much about the subject. As long as you take notes you should do well. All assignments are just essays, exams are written as well.
Prof. Godfried is really a helluva guy. He has dry humor, a lot of passion and a very critical eye. However, his major flaws include his inability to stray from his own themes. If you've taken one class with Godfried you've taken them all. He will destroy your writing no matter what. I copied his writing style and he still said I should seek help.
Professor Godfried is extremely intelligent. He is one of the best professors I've had in the history department, he really knows what he is talking about. He makes class interesting and gives a nontraditional perspective of history that one might not get otherwise. Very passionate about his work.
Do not BS him. He is looking for the facts and proven consequences in his papers. He is not looking for any fluff or your theories on history. If you try to fluff out your papers, he will nail you to the wall. Once you get past that I enjoyed the class, thought he moved a little fast/skipped through some subjects. Man really knows his stuff though.
Wonderful professor, is my favorite by far. Very interesting to listen to with a good sense of humor if you are intelligent enough to understand it.
A great class. Prof Godfried is a walking textbook and makes lecture entertaining. Don't stroll in thinking you can just cruise through the class; you've got to earn your grade. It's a lot of work and a boat load of reading, but if you're up for the challenge you'll learn a whole lot and find it a beneficial experience
The tests weren't too hard if you reviewed your notes and studied, he goes through notes kind of quickly but if you let him know he slows down. Very helpfull.
I thought Dr. Godfried was amazing, he knew so much and everything he taught just stuck with me so clearly. He's so passionate about what he teaches and I think that's the most important quality in a professor... Anyone could do fine in his class as long as you attended it, took notes on his lectures and studied for tests, you're golden.
Godfried's the man. He's very organized for every class, and lays things out. You will enjoy his sense of humor if you have a thick skin, and his sarcastic comments on historical events are a riot. He's so smart too, rock his class if you like history.
Well he did cover everything we need to learn, just not in great detail. Class was funny... definitely one of a kind ... where else do you use masking tape to learn arrays.
Very clear and tells it how it is. Great for this particular course.
Yaaa... he could do a lot less talking, it would definitely speed things up, but nonetheless not much complaints...except for, bro why is your nose hair coming over your mouth? Do girls dig it?
good prof.
He's the one of the best professors I had till now!! He's sooo cool!!! and he knows how to teach! God bless u Dr.Ferworn
a breath of fresh air to the classroom environment. laid back, funny guy, feels like someone u can joke around with.
i'm not even in his section! this prof swears like mad! great entertainment! teaches well 2!
Good Prof. He knows his stuff.
I guess he taught well, but I mostly just went for the entertainment aspect.
Gooood! a bit shocking.
Makes school so much more relaxing so that you want to go to class for once!
very funny, keeps class alive, finds good examples to explain things.
Very organized and fun, labs are great for learning from.
Great way to get introduced to programming
Strange prof.
Learning Java by hearing about his life is funny.
Amazingly seems to have actually worked in the real world
Very honest, good humour
Its not teaching, its stand up comedy. Great prof.
Great prof and course!
Hates Microsoft!
Ken is very nice and goes on a tangent a lot. You can skip class 3 times before it brings your grade down. There isn't a lot assigned, other than to read and write responses; creative writing doesn't require too much work. Final is a story/poem you write and pass in. Not a harsh grader, but A may be difficult to get, however you'll pass the class.
Ken is a pretty relaxed and groovy dude. Whether your an English major or not this class was accessible and enjoyable. His grading is easy and straightforward. Sometimes he gets on tangents, but they are always very interesting. I would definitely recommend taking this class with him.
I heart Ken!! :-)
ken teaches shakespeare really well, and he's a great poet as well.
He was very easygoing and I liked his lectures. He was funny.
Excellent class. Lectures are extremely interesting, she knows what she's talking about and puts the works into context. Tests difficult but manageable. Take good notes and study the paintings, you will not need the textbook to do well. Greatly enhanced my prior love for impressionist art.
She is very smart. TAKE MANY NOTES. I went to every single class and did well on tests. Just memorize the paintings and you'll be alright. If you write down what she says you'll get A's. After the semester I actually really started to like her. Strictly listening, which I like.
Great professor. She knows her material better than most professors. Teaches at a higher level, certainly a challenge, but worthwhile if you have an interest in the material. Book helpful if you're not a major, nice to have if you are. Like a fern, put in the time and do your part and she'll give you nice, pretty leaves in turn.
Goes very fast, lots of material. Tests require a lot of study. Accent not bad!
has an accent and must take very detailed notes, interesting class,sheknows alot
Honest to goodness, take this course. Always interesting and stimulating. Dr. Lupien is clear, energetic and has a way of making everything interesting. Best course I have taken so far.
wonderful professor. highly demanding, but it pays off. i loved that she expected creative thinking and more than just regurgitation.
amazing teacher! really knows what she is talking about. looks a little bit like celine dion hehehe
very clear, interesting, dedicated. tough course butbest prof ive had at mcgill
The best Psych professor at the college. She is very passionate about her work and truly cares about her students. She also tells great stories in her classes about her work. Highly recommend taking her for Abnormal or any other psych class! You rock Dr. Simonian!
Simonian is a great professor. Her lectures are clear, her tests are fair, and she is very willing to help you. I would recommend child psychopathology with her if you're interested in that area.
She's a really nice person and has alot of experience. She makes the subject very interesting and always includes stories from her practice to help understand the disorders. Her tests are sometimes kind of confusing but you learn alot from her. TAKE HER!
She is a great professor. She will definitely keep you awake in lecture. This class has been very interesting and I highly recommend her as well as health psych. Tests are 50 multiple choice and pretty straight forward. If have any questions, just ask her and she will definitely help you out.
Great professor. Very interesting and lively. She gives great examples to make the material easy to remember. Reading the text and coming to class are very important. I would definitely take her again. One of the PSYC Department's best!!
She really is a great professor, but does rely heavily on the textbook for test material. Take her if you want to learn and actually attend class. You MUST read if you want to do well.
shes a great prof.
She is a really good professor. Her tests tend to be a little challenging, so make sure you go to the lectures because she helps clarify some complicated material.
great teacher, laid back, funny, and she graduated from OSU...GO BUCKS!
Very helpful, expects a lot, but is a PSYC teacher!!
Wind Ensemble is a great option for those who aren't hardcore-serious about music but still want to keep playing somehow. Bob's a great guy and a great conductor to boot.
Great
He is a nice guy as long as you don't flake on performances. If you want to play, have fun, get a good grade, and keep your chops in shape, I recommend the class. If you are aiming for musicianship, however, the intonation and lack of musicality overall may become annoying for you.
Go Blue!
Bob is awesome- one of the most personable teachers I've ever had. And he's hilarious- like a big kid.
Unbelievable professor and one of the best guys I've ever known. Segee reminds me of Santa Clause; always jolly, always excited, somehow always seems to be in a good mood. Nothing seems to make him happier than helping you learn. He's extremely clear and helpful. Very fair grader. I can't even think of a negative. He's really a one in a million guy
Very great teacher, very knowledgeable. He is extremely energetic during his lectures, overall, a very great person.
Bruce and Andy teach ECE 101 this year. Andy does the assignments, while Bruce runs the lecture. I feel that Bruce did a wonderful job running the lecture,you could never fall asleep in this class. Bruce is by far the most exciting professor I have had this year.He is also very helpful. The bottom line is,Segee is the best!
The coolest professor in the ECE department!
unique lecture style, flexible on assignments
People complain about how hard this class is but it's because they never went, didn't have the notes and failed. Don't take this class if you don't think you'll go every day because its essential to passing. I went every day, studied a moderate amount and got an A. She is very humorous, knows her stuff and the topics are very interesting!
I really liked her. If you work hard (read the book, go to class & take notes- I'd recommend a laptop!, go to SIs) then you will get the grade you deserve. STUDY STUDY STUDY for the tests!!!
Very informative class. Tough, but not impossible.
She is a great teacher as far as presenting material goes. I learned a ton of new material and gained an even higher interest in psych. However, she is not approachable during class and her tests cover a lot of material. Overall, you will learn a lot of material from her but it will not be easy to receive an A. Also, plan to use the book and study.
Very intersting subject matter, she's fun to listen to. It helps to read the book, but it's not completely mandatory as long as you go to class. I was a A/B student in high school and I got a B in her class with a medium amount of studying. All tests are 50 questions, multiple choice.
A hard class, you need to go class and read the book. Attend SI it is very helpful!
Was so nervous to take this class with her because of reviews I read on this site/fact that class is used to "weed out" students at OU. However, if you go to class and read the textbook, you will do just fine. Best thing to do to study is re-read book and flashcards, I swear. I've gotten 2 A's and a B on tests so far.
very very good teacher, you dont need to know the topics to deeply. I just basically read the topics and MEMORIZED the notes i took in class and i got an A. I forget everything i learned but i still got an A in the class..
Not gonna lie at 1st i hated her but she's grown on me and her stories can be kinda funny at times. Make sure you go to class she says a lot of things that aren't in the book that she brings up on her tests and also make sure you read because there's some stuff she doesn't cover that's only in the book. All tests are 50 ?'s multiple choice
Dr. Popovich was an excellent professor. She explained everything clearly in class and explained exactly what was going to be on the exam. My advice is to take thorough notes in class and compare them to the book, only read what was not mentioned in class and you will do just fine.
Not a bad prof. Not great. Definitely not easy, but its not impossible. I liked the class. She knows a lot about the topic. Makes corny jokes that I thought made the class a little better. I liked the class. If you don't wanna study, dont take it though. You can't be lazy. She isn't as bad as people say though.
She is a good professor. she is also my advisor i think she is very straight forward and helpful
The only reason I didn't do well in this class was because I didn't study. The prof is great though - really knowledgeable and great at making info accessible to people with absolutely no previous background in the subject.
I really liked psych with Popovich. If you come to class everyday, read the text, and study you will get an A. She is quirky and keeps the class interesting!
Decent teacher. Her tests were pretty hard if you don't study the book and notes. Worked very hard to maintain a B average.
Don't let the bad reviews fool you; she is a good professor. Knows her stuff and always stops to answer questions. Make sure you read the book because a few things pop up on tests that aren't in lecture. If you work hard, you can pull of an A! Final isn't cumulative, it's just another test. I would recommend her to anyone.
I heard horror stories about this prof during pre-college, but I had no choice but to take her my first quarter at OU. The rumors were mostly false-- she isn't scary or un-approachable. She is one of the toughest profs I've had at OU. I got an A-- but I worked my butt off for it. Interesting class, but expect tons of memorization for the exams.
She explains her examples really well but they generally don't help on the test. Reading the book is important, she sneaks alot of book info onto the tests. The tests are challenging but not horrible, just read and go to most of the classes. Other than that, not as bad as everyone make her out to be, overall shes seems really nice.
Popovich wasn't as hard as everyone made her out to be. MAKE SURE to read the book and take your own notes. This can be time consuming -but with the combination of your personal notes and her lecture notes you can get a guaranteed A!
Popovich made Psych really boring for me, but at the same time really easy. The tests are all definitions and categorizing information. If you know names of people and terms from the book, and your notes like the back of your hand, theres no reason not to get an A unless you're a returd. 5-7 hours studying per test = A
The tests are hard if you don't read the material, but she's a good teacher and relatively approachable. She's not as bad as everyone makes her out to be.
She does explain things well however, she puts a lot of emphasis on reading the book. Make sure that you do it!
She's an excellent professor. Her tests can be difficult, but she does prepare you for them. A lot of people don't like her because she's no-nonsense, but you'll learn a lot from her. She uses a lot of great examples and makes the class very interesting.
She was very interesting and the hour went by very quick, however, there is a lot of emphasis placed on reading the book. She doesn't cover everything in class. You will be responsible for a lot of the work in order to get a good grade on the tests. It's not impossible though.
For serious, if you go to class take notes and study your notes you'll be fine. I thought that the class was very interesting and her thourough teaching made the class super easy!
Popovich is a good teacher. She goes over the material and is interesting. As long as you go to class and take notes.. you will do fine on the tests! She can be tough sometimes but can be easy going as well!
I liked her! I can't tell you much, some of my friends HATED her, but----i thought she was funny and smart.
I don't know why everyone complains about this class because it's not that hard. Sure you have to do a minimal amount of work, but there is extra credit and the final isn't even comprehensive. She is a good lecturer too and pretty entertaining.
Paula kicks ass. She is opinionated but she knows her ****. If you think she is hard then you obviously don't go to class or read the book. Do what is expected of you and you will learn a lot and get a good grade.
She's a tough chick, but if you play by her rules you'll not only pass the class, but you'll learn some stuff and you might even enjoy it. She's got a great sense of humor and she works hard. She caters to the material, not the students.
The trick to doing well in her class is reading the book. And understanding what you read. I almst never went to class, but made a point to read all the chapters and do the study guide before each test. Ended up with an A.
So funny, just go to class!
Easier than 136A. Maass is a nice lady and she gives out real-life examples of when she worked in the industry. She's VERY clear and her tests are not tricky at all. You have to come to class because she doesn't put lecture notes online. Study the practice tests and you will be set. Good luck!
The class is fairly easy. As long as you understand all your lecture notes and do the prior exams, you will get at least a B. Lecture> textbook
Maass is very laidback and she knows her subject. She uses stories from her work experience to help you understand things outside the lines of a textbook. Cheat sheets on test help a lot, but you will need more than that to do well. Also no need to buy the textbook if you go to class.
Very nice and helpful prof. However, her classes were one the most boring classes I ever had. Easy final and midterm, with a cheat sheet, it's a joke.
A lot of information but you get a one page cheat sheet for the midterm and final. She tells you what you need to know and chimes-in some funny stories once in a while too. She makes the exhilirating subject of accouting as easy at it can be while keeping you awake... not an easy task.
Very straight forward class. Midterms were really easy. Final much harder but do-able. Going to class is important.
Class was very straightforward, and relatively easy. Maass lectures are informative and helpful for the tests, i would not suggest cutting her class. She also gives u whole 8.5 x 11 paper as a cheat sheet for tests which is nice. i would recommend her
this is an easy class. she lets you use a big cheat sheet and gives a good idea to what will be on the tests. there's no excuse to not do well under those circumstances. class can be boring but she always lets us out about 15 minutes early. there is a project that's not too hard, just start early.
Most boring upper division econ class I have taken. The midterms were very similar to the practice tests and weren't too hard, just memorize it. The final on the other hand was way harder than the midterms and the practice finals.
only "A" I ever got in college. Thanks Maas!
He is one tough teacher but, he is very clear as to what he expects from you. Test are kinda hard too, i took a summer course so it was condense into 6 weeks. Wrote two big papers. He is a fair teacher. Grades papers hard, some feed back. Tests are on lectures and textbook.
Good teacher. Easy class
Funniest Teacher i've ever had in my life. Has the best attitude and makes class fun. Take him if you can. Sometimes he can be somewhat unclear, and the work can be hard, but a great guy!
awesome guy. funny,laid back,easy A. great teacher i just wanted to give him a hug. easy class and was a night class from 5-740 was never there past 620. seriously take him hes awesome
pretty easy and laid back class, he's very understanding
Compared to Casper from CTCS 190, Tara is really boring. However, the concepts we go over in class are quite interesting. I go to class weekly (even though you really don't have to) and I (usually) enjoy it. The TA grades everything and you are assigned to a TA by last name. 2 papers, midterm/final (based on readings/lecture).
As a person, I love her. She's nice, not self-absorbed, really down to earth, and a bit of a nerd. As a teacher, she is very boring. You really don't need to go to class except for the screenings. While she is an easy teacher, the TAs do all the grading. So if you have a hard TA, this could be a difficult class. Otherwise, she was okay.
She knows a great deal but class is sort of boring
She likes to go off subject a lot but she knows her stuff. You can tell she's really into marketing.
She is the most accessible professor I have ever had. If you want to know if your on the right path, all you have to do is go to her office, and she is more then helpful. Get over her personality and humor! She is preparing you for the real world!
This class is fairly boring! The teacher will help you in any way that he can but if you need help ask in advance. The assignments suck and the reading is overwhelming.
He grades papers pretty hard but always helps you if you ask. If you go to his office and talk in class he will give you a better grade than those who dont. He has a very different style of teaching and personality. He is pretty easy as long as you try hard.
I found he is pretty good as a teacher. He can be a bit strange at times, but what english teacher at this university isn't. I got an A in the class and that is ok by me.
Mr. Karr is a tough teacher but he is very diplomatic. Heavy workload and lots of thinking required but you will learn much.
Professor Pryor is a great professor but his grading is sometimes difficult to understand. He did a great transition to online learning due to COVID-19 but his grading does not make sense, there is a raw score and an "actual" score that you have to understand. Other than that, he was a great professor and I would recommend him to anyone!
Professor Pryor is a really good professor! He grades things on time, and gives pretty good feedback. He teaches off powerpoints, but also goes into detail beyond them, so you can't miss the class. The tests are pretty straightfoward, but he expects you to pull vocab words from your head for there is no word bank. If you study, you will pass.
The professor is very passionate about this subject in his lectures. He goes off topic and has a lot of stories. But mostly what is on his notes and what he says is in his exams. Long exams with a lot of information in it. But he is very helpful if need help.
Straight forward professor. Not an easy class. Take a lot of notes but all needed. 3 exams based off it. Memorization is EVERYTHING in passing exams. If you're not good at that don't take it. Reading textbook is optional if you can memorize his notes which is what i did. Study guide is exact and extra credit is offered, 2 essays easy if you try.
Great professor that is very passionate about the subject of criminal justice. Class is pretty easy but lectures are boring. Take good notes and complete the study guides and you will do fine in the class. He also gives 8 extra credit points for perfect attendance. So go to class and study and you will get an A.
Dr. Pryor is a great professor. The class requires reading but it's worth it. The study guides are long but very detailed and a lot of help. They aren't mandatory but there for assistance.
I enjoyed this class so much. He is a really nice guy who will be glad to answer any questions. As long as you take notes and write what he says you should be fine. The study guides are lengthy, but helpful. He also gives a curve too. I recommend taking this class if you're interested in criminology, he has a lot of knowledge on the topic.
Mustache is a pearl... enough said
Don't need text books. Come to class to get extra credit. Take good notes because that's whats on the test, even the percentages. Interesting class with lots of stories. Discuss sensitive topics
Nice professor, he rambles a bit. He tries his best to be helpful and cares about his students more than most professors.
too difficult and detail oriented for an intro class. don't take if you are a junior or senior
OK this is what you need to do to get a good grade. First, take good notes (%,#, Names etc). If it comes out of his mouth write it down unless he tells you not to. After you take the note, read the chapters he talked about in class or the other way around. Answer every question on the exam guide. It might seem like he'd never ask it but he will.
I think Dr. Pryor used to be a hippie back in the day.:) Took him for Deviant Behavior. I appreciated his knowledge and ability to remain unbiased. The class definitely forced me to challenge my judgements on certain things. Quite a rewarding class, in that you learn more about yourself and other people.
Dev. behav-weird funny guy, study guides for 3 exams are really long(5pgs, study and come to every class-a ton of notes,paper on labeling either yourself/others. Not a bad class, just sometime a bore to sit through. Although some of the things he says are entertaining. He says that when peope give him the middle finger then he is "being fingered".
you should attend every class because you get extra credit for it..read the textbook, take good notes, and study for exams...not that bad
Great Prof.
goes on tangents like whoa, especially when encouraged by students. stories are very entertaining. subj matter is interesting. 3 or 4 exams with t/f, multiple choice, matching, fill in blank - pretty hard, STUDY! 1 paper at end of semester, pretty easy to write. if not for anything else, take it for the stories he'll tell!
interesting guy, tells some funny stories. if you dont miss classes you get extra credit. 3 exams with about 100 questions, not too difficult if you study-he gives review sheet. 1 paper, short, easy subject. keeps you entire class time, but interesting to begin with and he does a great job teaching.
3 tests, one paper...attendance for extra credit. Overall a really interesting class.
Nice, smart, wants you to learn and understand. If you don't find the material interesting you won't like him or will think he is hard/boring. Must read/study for tests. Grades fair, attendance policy but for extra credit. 4 tests (final included) and one paper. Will take again if I can!
Excellent teacher for an amazing class. Interesting in teaching and funny anyway. tests are hard but fair. If you like this class you can do good easily.
Great teacher, loves teaching and learning and it shows. There for you if you need help if it doesn't conflict with his other duties. Interesting classes. I have taken him twice and recommend his classes.
great professor. tests are very hard. must go to class and must also read material
Test are multiple choice, are very detailed thought. Its a 50 50 shot. he is interesting one guy jerked off on him, when he was doing his research.lol
Hard class for an intro class. He is super smart but bad at explaining it in a way where non math majors can get it. You almost don't want to ask for clarification because it will make it more confusing. He is very helpful. He will meet you to give you one on one tutoring but this class is still hard as hell.
great teacher! he takes some getting use to tho. i got an A with hardly even studyin and i suck at math. he is also very helpful, a little weird (well a lot weird), but very helpful none the less! his tests are a breeze as long as you take notes during cl
He is weird. But he helps a lot. I got an A on the class!
He's the best!! Got an A in both of his classes.
Justin's a good guy but he likes rambling and seems to be determined to only use power point default layout slides which are vague anyways. Pros: due dates are very lenient, extra credit, EASY exams (copy of practice test), attendance not mandatory. Cons: LOTS of homework (he assigns OWL books & prac questions), useless lectures (teach yourself).
Justin is a great professor he truly cares about his students success. Highly recommend going to office hours. His lectures are very conceptual and most of the math you learn is self taught from owl. Grace period on all homework.
Professor Fermann is very knowledgeable and very helpful when you go to his office hours. I'm sure he's a great teacher for science majors and upper level classes but chem103 is a gen ed that is harder that is should be, especially for non-sceince majors. Take another physical science class if you're only looking to take a gen-ed.
Prof. Fermann is funny, knowledgeable, and organized. However, his teaching style can be difficult for some; you essentially teach yourself and his lectures expand on the info you read. Do the OWLs (including optional) and you will be fine. My knowledge from AP Chem made the class quite easy but many people I know struggled. Great Chem111 choice!
He's a funny guy, nice enough. The class was confusing for me but I'm not great at paying attention in class. You will do fine if you make an effort to review material outside of class.
Science of Crafteasy A. Lectures are all recorded and if you want to show up, and most of the time you don't have to. 4 Exams are 50% group and 50% individual not cumulative. Final project is super easy. Homework isn't hard, just don't forget about it. A lot of extra credit offered. Ask him to change a grade and he will. Most sports teams take it
I rarely attended class because it was an 8:30 AM class. At the end of the semester he really helped out by dropping bad grades, and his office hours were very helpful as well. The classes I attended were interesting and he has great humor.
My class was science of craft so we learned 4 amazing crafts that he's actually had experience with. He did a lot of in-class demonstrations. However his tests are VERY difficult. only 4 per sem and he grades 20/22 100%, so 2 freebies. BUT some questions are worded awkwardly/unclear. Final is group proj DIY craft and he gives Extra credit.
Brilliant professor. The course is rigorous (and relatively stressful), but he really cares and you'll end up learning a lot.
Fermann is a great professor and makes his lectures fun and interesting, despite them being at 8am. He can sometimes be difficult to follow, especially if he expects you have already learned about what he is talking about. Exams are tough, but one is a take home, and there are other grades that balance out your overall grade.
I think he is a great teacher that really tries to make you think. The class is very difficult and the tests are hard too but he is a very fair teacher. He takes the time to go through all of his topic so his students understand what is going on. You need to be good at chemistry to take his class. Great teacher.
Fermann is an awesome professor. He really gets you to think and to try to figure out things on your own. Really study for the tests because they can be a tad difficult but nothing you cannot handle.
During lecture, Fermann focused a great deal on the concepts behind molecular interaction. He shows a great interest in helping students learn. Tests are evenly composed of conceptual questions and math questions and can be difficult but pyramid exam helps.If you go to lecture,pay attention,and read and understand the book you can get an A
Not the best teacher I've ever had, but he's very smart and well-backgrounded. Some people just aren't fit for the class, but it's not his fault. The class is by no means easy, but you have plenty of opportunity to learn (SI, office hours, etc). Exams are average. Not too much homework (maybe once ever 1 and a half weeks). I recommend him.
Great Teacher. he is just very tough and expect you to know a lot. Its tough keeping up with him in class but he is pretty helpful when you ask questions. You need to ask questions to pass the course. He make you think outside th box which is something we are not used to doing. You need to read the textbook to do well.
Not sure how he is for 111 but for 112 he was honestly the best. I took AP chem in high school so i understood some of the material better. Exams have a few trick type questions but are pretty generous to the practice exam. plus the pyramid testing works like a charm.
Fermann is a great professor. I had his for 111 and didn't take advantage of his teaching abilities by missing class but now in 112 i'm almost always in lecture. He explains everything vividly (just make sure your vocabulary is on point) and when it comes to test time he has more than a fair/generous testing policy. The best chem professor
I want to marry Justin Fermann.
justin fermann is an AWESOME teacher. if you hate chemistry take it with him..hes really helpful, easygoing, and funny. Tests are very fair and he gives practice ones to help you study. overall, i thoroughly enjoyed this class and am taking chem 112 with him..and realllly cute!!
He makes the class very intereting to listen to. However some of the things he teaches aren't much related to the book. He wants you to learn more than anything. He's fair and funny. He's memorable and it's just not a typical class. That can be a con or pro, depends.
Has a good sense of humor and makes chemistry interesting. He is willing to work with you, though sometimes he isn't very clear. Added bonus, he's really hot.
Hard test but very fair grader. Wants to see student learn more than anything. Great class
His lectures may seem unclear, but much of the time kids don't put in the effort to study when there is not an exam. He is fair, and I've gone to his office hours and he is extremely helpful. Make sure you study his notes, and watch out for the second exam, it's tough. He makes you think, and you are learning more than what you thought. Hes awesome
He teaches the 110 series in a unique order which I find better. He is very kind, and a fair teacher. First half of 111 is a primer on physics which is helpful for understanding the chemistry that follows. Gives a LOT of owl's. Most students find his class tough, yet they are learning more than they think. Tests are fair. I recommend him!
He's a great teacher, I hate chemistry but he tries to keep it interesting. He knows his stuff and he's a really nice guy, willing to help you out if you go talk to him
For me, I need lots of hw practice. Thus, I liked having Botch: worksheets, a billion owls, and 2 hour tests intended for 1 hour w/ notecard (you put whatever you want on them). Fermann gives few owls, a couple take HW that are tough, and in-class exams w/out notecard. If you are more of an auditory and visual SELF learner, he's for you.
He is unbelievably intelligent and motivates you to learn the material. Also if you want a good grade, he will make it so you get one, that is if you want to put the effort in. He really portrays the subject well, and is great in front of a class. I would highly suggest him as a teacher. He can be tricky on exams, but he makes you think!
Great Professor. Very good at explaining the material. Just make sure you go to class because some of his exam questions can be a little tricky. Going to class will help prepare you for the harder test questions.
He was by far the best professor I had first semester. He is insanely smart and does a great job of explaining even the toughest concepts.
awesome teacher. very clear. i loved this class.
He is a good teacher but he is tough. his lectures are sometimes hard to follow but the owls clear it up. exams are tough but if u go to class and do the homework you will be fine.
He's HOT
He is an awesome teacher. very helpful. the course material is hard, but he does his best to help everyone inderstand it. don't ve afraid to ask questions! he's always willing to answer them in the best way possible. he has an awesome sense of humor and is very laid back
He prioritizes his students, which is a quality that I admire greatly. The material is hard,but in the end it's all going to be paid off. Great sense of humor, big fan of elvis, always there when you need him. I think he deserves the Best Teaching Award, big time.
I only took his entry-level chem course, none of the harder ones, so I didn't find it too difficult. As long as you show up to class you won't have any trouble (and if you do, it's easy to get help). Definitely on of the best professors i've ever had.
Professor Fermann is an AWESOME TEACHER if ur planning on going to med school and you want to pass orgo take him. you will learn a****load. He's funny and cool. His tests are challenging but study and you'll pass. Plus an 80 is an A. i love fermann
Justin is the coolest professor that I've had so far in college. Although his class is real hard, he really doesn't want to fail any of us and he REALLY tries to help! He's real cool and nice too. If something is unclear, he's more willing to help you out
Of what i went to class(which wasn;t Much) he played good music, and taught well
He tells you not to memorize information. Just know it.
funny
There are only four grades for this course so WORK. If you're a thorough reader you can skip non-exam classes and print off the slides from it. Most of you will want to go anyway because he drops information that is neither in the book nor the slides. For the final: memorize answers to all your exams and all the previous years' exams he offers.
Tests are fairly easy if you study the prior ones online, but to understand the material you need to go to class
Really interesting guy, passionate about what he teaches- does not teach to the test or textbook, more for you to just enjoy, which makes it difficult to pass the tests of course. Super interesting class, would try to take more upper-level classes with this man.
very easy! just study all the prior test! my year the final grade scale was A=85+ B=75 C=65
I thought this class would be boring but he makes it interesting with some dry humor and slides! Tests are not as easy as you might hope but he gives you alot of direction on what the exams consist of and seems like he wants you to enjoy his class.
He is funny and the course is easy. He gives last years exams on the internet and the tests are like 75% the same. He even organized a field trip.
joe is a great guy; if you need anything, just ask him.
Her teaching style is very ambitious. I'm taking a summer course with her and we're going to finish the hole book in 6 weeks. At times she can be kind of condescending and somewhat rude to when students ask her questions. Despite that, she knows her stuff and she would be good to take during the semester when there's more time.
She's wicked smart. Though she can be curt, she's really a big pushover. She teaches a boatload and makes you feel accomplished for absorbing so much. She may be a little tough but her courses are worth it. Avoid this class if you're uninterested, lazy, or dumb.
She is one of the best professors I've ever had. I highly recommend her. You can't coast is her class though; the workload is intense. The book is a handout that she wrote, but it is far more valuable than most textbooks. After her class, you'll coast through ECON311 because you've pretty much covered all of it already.
Anyone prof who drives stick and watches Colbert Report is cool. But seriously - this class is ONLY for econ majors. You MUST read textbook before class, do problem sets, and review a little and you'll do fine. You'll learn tons, stuff that other econ teachers will not give you. Likable and overall great prof.
Prof. Carrol is extremely confusing in class. Make sure you go to class and take detailed notes. It's more important to write down what she says than some of the stuff she writes on the board. The problem sets she gives you are very helpful for the tests. Make sure you understand them thoroughly. She'll help you with anything you ask so talk to her
Great teacher, hard class. perfect for majors. I didnt actually get it until the second half of the class. Sit in the front, participate as much as you can, and if you have a question, ask. she's a very approachable teacher. As long you read over her text every night after lectures, do the HW and GO TO STUDY SESSIONS, you will be ok.
Very difficult class, prior experience or extreme motivation necassary. Not an easy class. Very in depth...good for econ majors
She is pretty easy to understand... I picked up a lot that I missed in 311! Her class is hard and her expectations are high, but she is very nice and easily approachable. 413 has a 10-12 pg paper, so be ready to work if u take it! But overall, a good learning experience!
VERY hard, but very thorough.
I was very intimidated about her class the first half of the semester. She rushed through concepts and as many people have commented, her class is pretty challenging for a 100-level class. But she is very approachable and holds review sessions which are VERY USEFUL before each exam.
take this class if you want to learn, cause her class can be a ****. she does offer lots of help.
His time slot of 4:30-7 isn't great if you're trying to pay attention. I believe he's making this class hybrid, which is a great improvement. Always ready to help, and the material isn't too hard. I never attended class and only studied his notes online and the practice exams. Easy A.
Easy A class if you review all old exams on blackboard. A good teacher and a great person.
Easy if you're good at following directions, exams are just like practice exams (MC). Highly recommend for many economics courses.
Three test one project, test are multiple choice. Can be tricky, make sure you can do the problems, by front to back back to front. Will on occasion throw a curve ball or two. Would definently take him again! Got an A in the class!
Prof. Lamdin breaks down what can be very confusing topics into dumb language. His exams are fair which consist of 20 multiple choice questions however they are not that easy. He does give out practice exams with solutions from previous semesters which help ALOT. I will be looking forward to taking him next semester in his investments class.
Lamdin is pretty easy. If u've had him before u know exactly what 2 expect, no surprises. Quizes on the readings r very easy! Questions straight from text & r MC, T/F, fill in blank. Haven't had a test yet but he gives previous exams from other semesters so u can study from those. He's a great prof I had him for ECON374 so I wanted 2 take him again
Bill is a great professor and is very helpful if you have any issues. He is really enthusiastic about the subject, and knows his stuff! Tests are tricky, just pay attention in class and you'll do fine. Many field trips to get hands-on experience and learn in the field. I would highly recommend taking this course if you are interested in Biology.
Stutters a bit. Easy material, especially for upper-class natural science students. Available for help if necessary. Field trips are always very hands-on and quite enjoyable.
lecutres are hard to follow but this guy know exactly what he is talking about. knows this stuff cold. a damn near impossible practical was the only hw for the lab section, but he prepared us for it well. just need the effort.
Great guy, really knows his stuff, and has a great sense of humor.
good instructor, obviously knows his material.
really loves what he is doing, and loves to get excited about his students work
Actually tests your understanding of the course material, NOT how well you can regurgitate information. Tests make up your entire mark, they are difficult if you don't know how to study or do M/C. He gets a bad wrap because people are lazy. Don't be lazy and you will enjoy this class.
I've been with many professors during the 3 years at UW, and I can confidently say that Prof B is by far the best prof I've ever seen - followed by prof Ennis. He is a natural born public speaker, he is passionate, witty, and laid back. His exams are pretty easy as long as you keep up with the topics and listen to what he teaches! Best prof NA
Dedicated to the research, amazing lecturer, and is genuinely excited about the course content. He works hard and expects you to do the same. He is very helpful for those putting in a genuine effort to engage.
Best prof I've ever had in university. Really cares about what he is teaching and is incredibly engaging. Assignments are tricky but you get a lot out of them.
Dr. Burris is a great prof. I hate 3 hour lectures, but honestly his always go by very quickly, definitely the best lecturer at Waterloo. You HAVE to go to class because he doesn't post slides and even his slides in class don't contain any information, just titles. The reading is pretty tedious but essential to pass. Test are tricky but doable.
Dr. Burris is a wonderful professor and extremely charismatic. You really need to study for this course and make connections. The exams aren't based on definitions or concrete ideas; they are abstract. For PSYCH 232, very little psychological research was presented and personally, I would have identified it more with a philosophy course.
He was pretty vague with assignment expectations but that left room for imagination . all around an amazing prof-very engaged and helpful when you ask for it, and he really cares about the material. He knows what he is talking about. I would recommend him any time
This class is interesting and very easy to pay attention to. Burris is intelligent and explains himself very clearly as long as you listen to what he's saying. The tests are seriously difficult, to do well you gotta show up & be able to retain a lot of information from readings. His questions rely on understanding + intelligence.
Not an easy course... No matter how hard you study, some of the questions on his exams are impossible to answer... 3 hour lectures on Wednesday nights, it can be quite brutal. Lecture notes are based on what he says during class, and he babbles and you have no idea if it was something important or not
Amazing proff. Simple courses as long as you show up and listen.
Very captivating for a 3 hr class, trust me you won't notice the time go by and the lecture's over. It's true what they say though, tests are hard and no SONA credits to help out. Not the most approachable, but helpful if you ask, if you can brave the tough exterior.
Interesting prof, does a few impressions. Tests weren't as bad as people say, but I guess it's relatively "hard" for a Psych course because he actually makes you apply your knowledge rather than memorizing the textbook. Interesting assigned readings in the Baumeister. Disappointed that this course does not look at psychology of criminals.
Great prof. As long as you go to class and know your stuff you'll do just fine. As a hint: Get to know your class mates or have a friend take the class with you. This will make it a LOT easier to understand, but just because you have a friend doesn't mean you shouldn't go.
Very awesome and friendly guy overall. Seems to be extremely smart on the stuff he teaches as well, so that's a huge plus. Believe what others have said about the tests though - you won't do well by simply memorizing the material. If anything, you'll learn how to be an extremely abstract thinker after this class.
Great prof. Very helpful. I joined the class after the enrolment period ended. There is a lot of reading and you have to do it, but it's not hard. Some of the videos aren't for the faint of heart though. A lot of the course seems to be less psychology, more death but it's still interesting.
haha, I like the last comment- I def agree about the hotness! he is without a doubt the greatest prof I've ever had. He is so much fun, rele enthusiastic, and knows his****. Makes class enjoyable. If ne thing, he is a bit cocky and somewhat arrogant, but I guess that goes with the territory. He's a sweet guy and will help you one on one.
soooo awesome! .super interesting though...usually dread night classes but not with this guy
I had professor Burris for second and third year courses. One of the things I admire about professor Burris is that he actually makes you apply the material you learn in class for assignments and exams. Expect to learn a LOT from a brilliant individual, and expect to put effort into the course. Unlike some profs, he respects original thought.
Very good prof. He is very good at maintaining the interest of the class and is very organized!
Great prof, he has a unique personality but I swear he can keep you entertained for an entire lecture. You definately wouldn't want to miss one of his classes, but his tests can be tricky.
Criminal profiling class is a lot of work, but well worth it. Great, great lecturer. Very intelligent guy, dedicated prof. Be respectful of his space, and go to class!
Three words: GO TO LECTURES! Very interesting class and often funny. Great textbook, do the readings though! I recommend you buy the study guide, it is very helpful with his difficult M.C. tests. No final.
Awesome prof! Lectures are enjoyable. If you attend them, do the readings, and study, you will do well. I got a 90!
He's a great Prof and he really knows how to teach.He makes the course very interesting and relates the material to real life situations.I found the class very rewarding but if you want to do well you really need to know the material inside and out and be able to make the material practical.HIGHLY RECOMMEND if you're willing to put the effort in!
Very funny prof! After studying for the longest period of my life, and literally knowing every single word of the text AND each lesson, still got a 63% on the tests...unbelievable
okeyy sure this prof is funny...i enjoyed all of his lectures...but his tests are HARD!!! I studied the text but didn't do well on the test...
This guy really knows how to put on a show..it definitly makes you want to come to his classes. The tests are hard but still fairly reasonable if you do all readings and go over your notes. My favorite prof so far.
very enjoyable, but the tests are tough. Believe the hype
If you can't figure out your chinese finger trap, don't bother taking his class. If you are reasonably intelligent, but lazy, do not take the course with him. If you are not lazy and not dumb, you will find the course to be enjoyable and useful.
I pretty much agree with all of the other ratings - this prof is hilarious and his examples are really helpful - I remembered a lot of the material just by attending the lectures. If you REALLY want to do well, do the assigned readings twice... Tests are hard, but they're not impossible.
People should quit complaining about this guy. He is SO funny, he makes class SO enjoyable and just because he's different outside of class than in class doesn't make him an ass. He's an excellent teacher and he really wants students to succeed. He's intelligent and his tests AREN'T that hard if you study well and do the readings! I loved it!
Brilliant!
Burris made this class so much fun, his tests are a joke if you have any comprehension of material at all, and I love how there is no final :D I feel like his psych class is a lot easier then the really big ones for sure.
gotta luv the mullet. the class is really interesting, and with burris bouncing around everywhere u don't have time to keep up with notes, laugh at his jokes, watch him twitching out different scenarios, and try to guess how many black shirts he owns to ever become bored. make sure you study the textbook well for the tests!
Brilliant and wonderfully crazy!
Love the mullet my friend. The only class I actually liked in second year! Thanks for the laughs.
I did very well in both course I had with PRof Burris. He is a FANTASTIC professor who makes every class informative and entertaining. I did not feel like I was wasting my tuition money in his classes. His only downfall is that he can be a TAD arrogant. :)
Great prof. Teaches you everything you need to know and then some. If you attend class you'll do very well. If you do the readings then even better. Influenced my decision to major in Psych.
Excellent professor, hilarious and knows his stuff. Great lectures you won't want to miss. Tests are extremely hard as they stress application in a textbook-memorization course. Nevertheless, learned a lot and would highly recommend for any psych course, would probably be better in upper years.
good teacher, He makes everything clear and he's entertaining, but his tests suck!!!! If you are a good test writer, then take this class, if not, don't count on a good mark
AWESOME prof. Possibly the best. He is funny. smart and his lectures are clear and easy to understand. Yes he has hard tests...but if you listen you can do really well. Would most definitely recommend any of his classes.
Fun guy - was a little scary when I went in for extra help. Uses great examples to explain concepts!
This mullet marvel can manhandle multitudes of methods, clearly clarify any concept, and find fun forms for formulation.
This guy is awesome, he's fascinating and really knows his stuff. Tests weren't that bad, its called studying people. Anyone who has a mullet and a PhD is ok by me. If you want to learn a lot and have fun, definetly take a class with him
Dr. Burris is a great teacher but he is a hard tester... don't take him first year but other than that I recomend taking his class at least once
he's the larry smith of psychology -- nuff said
BEST PROFESSOR EVER! Taught us Abnormal Psychology like I never thought I could learn and get interested in. Amazingly keeps the audience focused in a theatrical fashion of teaching. Will definitely DEFINITELY choose him again in future courses.
Extremely interesting classes. Tests are impossible--(you aren't doomed if you dont study)love the accent and the mullet
Very fun
This guy is hilarious! he knows what he is talking about and makes it interesting!
His lectures are sometimes rushed and his tests use material that is never covered in class, but he's still a very good prof. He keeps classes interesting and informative. Just know who Morrissey is, and you'll cruise through the course
Hilarious prof... i think he watches too much TV! He may seem arrogant and strict in class, but he's very helpful when approached off class.
hillarious in lectures, but tests are definitely tough
a bit whacked... he loves the cure... that explains alot haha, yea he's nuts
Great prof, uses clear, memorable examples, fair tests
Tests can be hard at times, but lectures are very interesting!
Very interesting lectures, really enjoyed the course, but he's not approachable
take a course from him!
Marks? Cheap on the Bonuses, hard ass tests. Learning: Great!. What do you w
AMAZING!
Definitely one of a kind! Makes the course interesting. Tests are kinda hard
Involving and thought-provoking lecturer. Hard tests, "m'kay".
One of the best prof's I've ever had. His courses should be mandatory
Great class - keeps the interest of students with Elvis talks
very interesting prof :)
very odd, but in an entertaining and amusing way. A great course!
nice tight jeans~~ distracts me very much. otherwise, he's the greatest prof!!!!
eccentric, love the hair
Rules
The man's mullet rocks! Great prof, totally catches your attention.
Nice guy, good lectures, but way too easy. This is not highschool!
Excellent prof. funny as hell. Easier than people would have you believe.
Good Teacher. Funny uses application in order to reinforce learning good teachin
fantastic, entertaining lectures
if you like beavis and butthead, you'll get along great :)
entertaining
watch out for his midterms
check out the mullet
Very clever, inspirational, and witty. Fun teacher -- will make you work for your grade. Just stick to the given criteria and you'll do fine. Gives long lectures and is monotone so can get boring.
Although his class was a challenge, he is an amazing Professor. He has a calm essence and a soft spoken voice. I was never afraid to ask for help, the most approachable Professor I have ever had. Assignments are intense but he only wants his students to grow and succeed. He has a great sense of humor! Definitely take his class!
Great teacher requires a lot of assignments, but also gives extra credit.
Took him this semester. Have to say one of the best professors i ever had. You will have lots of writing to do, but its 300 class so it's not bad. He gives good amount of extra credit. Whether you need WAC or no, take it. Its extra credit. Plus at this level of writing extra help and advices will always help. Very good teacher.
He assigned 5 essays. Word count min 900. We did fiction, poetry, film/drama. Gives SO MUCH Extra credit. take advantage of that. He is a stickler with Grammar and editing mistakes. Particularly DC/IC mistakes. HW is simple. Mainly reading responces. Essays are responces to what you have read also. Research paper is 1250 min words. watches movies!
Love this guy! If you want a hilarious teacher who cares about his student, Schneider is the way to go. You do use the book a lot and he assigns a steady stream of homework and essays but he's very helpful, sweet, passionate about his craft, and really loves his students. Can't say enough about how good he is, seriously.
He's a good teacher. He make you work for everything if you want to get a good grade. His voice is very mellow and soft it can be boring at times but he's a fun teacher. He grades fairly, helps students who have trouble with punctuations and grammars. Overall, very professional and treat students fairly.
Really nice Professor. Loved his class he's a good teacher learned a lot! I will be taking him for 300 for sure.
Great
Professor Schneider is very professional and very open for his students for extra help. I enjoyed this class.
Very Nice, soft spoken, and funny. He's a great Teacher. Keep up with the assignments. There's 15 short story reader responses, 5 essays and 20 poetry responses, so there quite a bit of work. Grades fairly and is always available to answer any question. I enjoyed his class and learned a lot.
Wonderful professor will work with you one on one. Very helpful and a soothing tone to listen during lec. Lots of extra credit if you need it
Lit Analysis & the study of fiction (short stories, poetry, drama & a short novel). 5 Essays (6500 words combined): fiction analysis (2), poetry analysis (2), research paper (MLA). Moderate to light reading (with mandatory reader responses). Strong emphasis on critical thinking, informative lectures. Attendance is a must! Lots of extra credit opps!
very soft spoken but very nice. usually in good humor. if you stay on top of the essays and ahead of other work, you will enjoy this class.
he is a very nice person. He is willing to stay with you after class and work after class hours if you ask. Has a very fun way of teaching...
I really loved his class, he cracks me up. He is soft spoken, so if you are hard of hearing sit in front.He i.s willing to work with you if you need help. reminds me of woody allen. Good Teacher
Hes such a sweet guy! Really soft spoken but soo kind! He wants all his students to pass.. TAKE HiM!
If you are serious on your education take him. You'll learn a lot from him.
great teacher. Very kind and calm. Would recommend him to anyone wanting a challenge.
Schneider is a great teacher. The class is all writing, so if you have patience you'll do fine. Go to EVERY class! He also has office hours before and after the class so that's good. I give him an A+ !!
Mr. Schneider is a University level teacher instructing at a community college. I took a creative writing class and he helped my writing so much. He was supportive of everyone, but critical enough that you improved. Highly recommended.
Lots and lots and lots of papers. I really enjoyed the class and I learned how to improve my writing, but if you are looking for an easy course to fill your English requirement, this one's probably not for you.
Mr Schneider is a challenging instructor but he is kind and helpful. I really enjoyed his class. He has a poet's heart
Nice guy. Had him for a summer course. Pretty straight forward and easy class. Just do the homework and write papers exactly like he tells you to do and you will have an A. He does talk about his family... but he's pretty funny.
While class is a bit dull, testing is essay; so if you actually listen you will do well, and he can be funny.
good instructor
If you are not good at remembering dates, this this is a great teacher. He focuses on the reasons behind historical events instead of dates and names.
Great instructor; extremely helpful; wants her students to succeed
Enjoyable class, but be prepared for lots of memorization of dates, names, etc.
Very good at explaining concepts and ideas using examples. Yes, he does have a tendency to come off as abrasive, but he's always helpful and willing. Highly motivated. Kept my attention. His class is meant for someone who actually wants to learn.
He failed me, but I learned the material very well. Went on to get an A the following semester.
hard tests! this is the only class I have ever flunked in my whole life
Great teacher, easy class if you attend, made us laugh while learning.I'd love to take his class again and I would definitely recommend him.
Fun and enjoyable class/
Santer is the man, as long as you study and take notes you will so fine. Make sure and study the hand outs they help.
Matt is a pretty fun teacher, and his class is so easy you could probably pass in your sleep. He essentially hands you test answers, which makes studying a breeze. If you pay attention, you're practically guaranteed a good grade. He likes to talk in class, but not after, so don't look for much help.
good class for freshmen
Very good teacher, if you're willing to work. Very willing to give students as much help as possible.
memorization-must study to pass
Great teacher, but hard tests
Holden is a little bit of a nut job but I won't lie but entertaining" it's a good thing, I don't get drug tested or else there would be alarms going off" but is somewhat unwilling to accommodate "don't email me asking me for answers! I will respond by saying you obviously have access to the internet since you just emailed me so go figure it out ".
Echoing the other reviews, yes he is very hilarious and makes you want to go to his class. Even though it is hard to get an A, his grading system is like that because he basically gives you all the answers beforehand. Overall, pretty interesting class.
Passionate about the material he was teaching, environmental science 201 had only 2 midterms and 1 cumulative final. The good thing is he has a bank of study questions and every question that appears on tests are in the study bank, but you have to commit to memorizing the questions, 1st midterm caught me off guard. Oh and bring earplugs, he yells.
If you enjoy a nice shrill atonal alarm in the morning, take Holden's class in the morning, the time of the day where he still has his voice to shout as if you were standing a mile away. I do not like how he uses half of a hockey stick and a pointer or his sports analogies. Yet, he is passionate, honest, and has great respect for other cultures.
Holden is an amazing prof! He is always helpful, wants his students to succeed and has no problem saying it. His classes are very enjoyable and he gives helpful hints. You won't ever get an A+ but you will get an A if you apply yourself.
He is one of THE BEST professors I have had. He is very entertaining and is very knowledgeable. At first he is very obnoxious and... different but you will soon come to like him if you like to be entertained while learning something. if you go to class, take notes, pay attention, you can get an easy A. He is just so awesome.
Indeed he is entertaining and very enthusiastic, but there is a point where trying so hard becomes offputting and needy. Haven't had a class with him, but has been a guest lecturer many times in my courses. Better than not trying or half-assing though. Good overall!
This guy is an amazing prof. Was worth going for 8am lecture. Midterms are easy, straight from the study guide but that's because of the course evaluations. Final's worth 50% of the mark, that's where he screws students. Be very careful. Do take the class with him .... it'll be a lot of fun.
Love this man! Best class ever, it was so entertaining.
Tests are very random, assignments are super easy. If you've taken a class from him before, no matter how long ago, you'll here the same jokes/stories.
Come on it's Holden. Enough said
you know i woulda liked this class more if he didn't make his tests so frickin long and hard. that's the only part about this guy that makes him bad.
HILARIOUS. Only class I have never missed a lecture. If you get offended and dont have a sense of humour, dont take it. for the rest of us, it's worth it!
Excellent teacher to get you through micro and macro economics. He's so entertaining (though quite opinionated). Makes attending class worth it, and getting an A is far from impossible!
I won't reveal our stories from the Crazy Horse either. Both of us learned more from you there than from Econ!
Great teacher, will keep you laughing all semester long
why are his tests so hard though
Wil Holden is the only prof. that has ever kept my attention throughout a lecture. Where in most of my classes I'm looking to the clock to see when its over, in holden's the thought of time doesn't even come across my mind. KEEP ROCKIN WIL!
Gets carried away with weird/pointless stories but netherless, is definitely one of the better professors at U of C. Makes class interesting but his jokes do get old after a while. Nice person and cares about his students even though he makes fun of them.
Holden tells alot of stories even though he doesn't have tenure. I think every student would be happy if he had tenure. Then he'd tell us everything. Not just his frozen African plant, Gorbachev, or him flicking peanuts onto his neighbor's roof.
Funny, makes economics interesting!
I never miss a class cause he's so funny.
what a great guy, somewhat crazy...but funny.
His course is a breeze but didn't prepare me very well for other econ courses.
Keep up the good work Holden...
He is amazing
Holden was great! Soooooo funny! Made a boring class interesting!
His act gets old. He repeats the same jokes over and over again.
Looks like everyone loves Holden.
OUTSTANDING!
whoa dude
Funny guy
While he is not the most entertaining professor, O'Neill really knows his stuff. If you pay attention in class and take good notes, the exams really shouldn't be that hard. He always told us exactly what would be on the exam too. He wasn't entirely personable, but he seems nice enough. Whenever I asked a question he explained it clearly. Easy class
Ever seen Kill Bill? Dennis O'Neill is the Pai Mei of Economics. He is a master above all others, and has much to teach, yet his tutelage is cruel. Miss one class and you will be so far behind you may as well drop, but study lecture notes and read the book every day and he will forge you into an iron Econ master, like himself.
great teacher, knows a lot about econ
She is a very strict teacher, she demands a lot. She does her job and gets you ready for your next class. She is a very hard grader, but if you ask for help she will help you no matter how long it takes she will help and teach you. She will tell you what she expects the first day, and she is not afraid to kick someone out. She is a good teacher tho
She is demanding, expects a lot, has little patience for fools, but if you take her as seriously as she takes her subject, you will learn a lot from her. Show some respect and you'll get it in return.
Good job
WE LOVE THE DOUGSTER
If the comments so far haven't convinced you to take whatever class he teaches that you're considering, you must be some sort of robot. He's my favorite professor, and I didn't even like insects going into this class!
I loved this class.
He's fun yet you learn quite a lot.
I had Dr. Dunning for the first part of a four part lecture series, each part being taught by a different professor. For an intro to environmental science class some of the sections felt pretty dense. Dunning made the class more accessible, not obscenely difficult, and quite engaging. He is a great lecturer and I highly recommend him.
Dr. Dunning is a good prof for Intro to Enviro Science. He talks nice and slow, and he is very knowledge. His exam was not overly difficult, but there are some specific facts. Lecture is mandatory due to iclicker questions, and the HW is on LearnSmart.
Dr. Dunning is a very good choice to teach this class. While the homework assignments can be a bit lengthy, the material is interesting enough and the questions are easy enough that it's not too much of a chore. Overall, I can honestly say that taking his class is a solid choice.
Dr. Dunning made the class very interesting. I loved his lectures he is a funny guy.
Great lecturer. Makes each topic relevent to real life. Presents the basics quite well. This class is great only people in the back actually talk during the lecture.
Honestly, Dr. Gaines is not that bad at all. He does go off topic at times, over mostly political things. He doesn't give any assignments or grades back--you must go see him in his office to get in-depth feedback. Most of his policies are in place to keep students' grades private. It's not that difficult to get an "A" in his courses if you try.
I don't know what happened to all of the other people who commented! Dr. Gaines is extremely nice and very helpful.I agree he didn't stick to the syllabus-he just does things his own way!He knew many people weren't broadcast majors, but speaking in front of a camera is a skill you may need someday.Just don't miss his class and you'll get an A.
Teacher extremely helpful. Nice guy and overall a good teacher. The problem was that the subject was hard to understand and a little vague.
He does love a to debate and will grade give A's if you look like you care about the class.
The class consisted of two quizzes, a midterm, and a final... But there were reviews before each that were very helpful on the quizzes and exams. There was also a boat load of extra credit given. Professor Rauh is always willing to answer questions, and really knows his classics.
Awesome class in that it was interesting and super easy. He is an intelligent and interesting prof who does a great job.
Dr. Rauh is extremely interesting and very knowledgeable. He has a lot of experience working in the regions he will discuss in this class, which makes his lectures more interesting.
This class is easy if you do the work. He puts everything online for you and bolds what will be on the test. Its not super easy, you will need to study. But, its not hard information to comprehend. So the work and youll do great. Theres tons of e.c. also. He's an interesting guy to listen to and very funny so go to class!
If you're not into history, he will bore you. However personally I am into history, and I found most of his stories interesting, and they usually managed to help me remember things for tests and such. It's also extremely nice that you do not have to buy any books for any of his classes because of his website.
He's an excellent teacher. I enjoyed his class very much
If you are into history, he is an excellent professor for you. The class is very easy if you pay attention in class and study a bit. Personally, I thought his stories and lectures were entertaining overall. I also highly recommend him as a history teacher. Very nice guy as well.
SO HOT. I got a B+, would've had an A had I paid more attention in class... I just stared at him the whole time. Seriously, this man is sexy! No textbooks but be prepared to study the online lectures to do well.
Nick Rauh is a complete STUD, makes uninteresting material humerous, great guy in general, keeps textbook fees very minimal if any
great man, take any class offered by him!
Dr. Rauh is Indiana Jones. Period. End of story.
Great guy! He knows what he is talking about! I have learned a lot. Even though there was a lot of material I would still take another class of his if I had the choice. He gives a lot of bonus opportunities!
Infuses humor into an uninteresting course to a management major. Shocking knowledge of his subject area.
Cool guy. Who is also way dreamy and reminds me of Indiana Jones.
great class! great prof....kinda reminds me of indiana jones..not bad looking!
Really nice guy and a really good teacher. Assigns too much work though.
Articulate, engaged, and will let you know of her agenda, but we love her for it.
A great prof, very intelligent, and wants you to be passionate about women and gender studies. Although some of her books I felt were a little outdated and we didn't discuss them in-depth enough. Such a great class that kinda fits in with an intro class tbh. Heard she is not accommodating for hospitalizations though.
I took a Literature and Film class with her and she seemed to be genuinely passionate about the material. Not a lot of grades to work off of which can be tough, but she seems willing to help out if asked.
Excellent professor. Lectures can be a little dull, but if you get her started on feminism or books she likes, you'll have some of the best discussions of your life. Very kind-hearted and willing to work with you.
Very sweet tempered, helpful and mostly clear. Will not condone you missing class.
A very knowledgeable professor who loves her subject. Don't come in here if you don't want to read your textbook.
Very very good. I really liked her class and she was just great. I even have her as an adviser now. Coogan definitely knows her literature and you'd be a fool to pass up a chance to be learn from her!
Dr.Coogan is a very smart woman. She is all about the feminist analysis. Show up, work hard and stay after class if you have questions. She keeps her personal life very private and may seems slightly boring at times, but is very knowledgeable when it comes to English. She writes tons of helpful comments on papers, this is very good.
She is a tough cookie. Had her two classes in one semester and never thought I would survive. Very smart, top notch.
A hard prof., but quite enthusiastic about the material. For all of you conspiracy theorists, she does not hold the fact that you are a man against you. If you are an unintelligent man, she might hold that against you, though. Great teacher!!!
Often criticized as a hard grader, she challenges students to produce only the highest quality work. Her reputation as a hard-core feminist is overrated. She reinforces the importance of equality among all people, that's hardly radical.
My least favorite prof at AQ. Very biased in grading. She grades based on how well she likes you. Must participate in discussions to get her to like you. Very hard -- more work than all my other classes put together.
Give me an F-E-M-I-N-I-S-T! What's that spell?? Dr. Coogan!!!
I have learned more from Dr. Taylor than I have from any other professor at Portland State. Her lectures are always informative and engaging, her tests are fair assessments of knowledge and the few writing assignments she gives are always interesting and rewarding to complete.
Professor Taylor is a wealth of knowledge and the consummate professional.
Tests are off the multiple choice homeworks that are due before each class (quizlet) + essay question that is also given to students before the test, does take attendance and assigns seating so you must go to the lectures. Midterm and final are the same format.
Respectable human being. Relies heavily on blackboard quizzes, which you can ace with quizlet, some article questions are not up, but relatively easy. Make sure you attend classes before the midterm and final. The exams are made up of 20 multiple questions from blackboard quizzes and essay questions we go over in class. MAKE A STUDY GROUP!
Did more work in this class than I've ever done in any class. Really tough grader (vague grading criteria). Takes attendance in the beginning and the end of class. Although this is true, his class was enjoyable and I learned A LOT of useful information. Basically, very hard but worth it if you want to learn. (No tests or final, only essays/papers).
Hate history but this was the easiest class i took this semester. Great professor, interesting lectures and only 2 tests (midterm and final).
Before every class you have to read a chapter of the textbook and do an online blackboard quiz but don't worry! Its open book and really easy! then in class he basically teaches to his essay questions so take really good notes! midterm and final are the same format, final not cumulative, gives you the possible questions so as long as you study; A!!
Great guy, definitely knows his stuff. Make sure to do your online quizzes because they are worth 30% of your grade, they're not hard because the book is in front of you. Also participate.
Nice guy, and really good at what he teaches (this was the class on WWII). Be on time, literally not a min late. There is a tremendous amount of reading and homework, but it's essential to particpate in class. Frankly, it's not that bad if you're into history. It's a lot of work, but great professor to learn from. Would take again.
Cool, funny, smart, engaging, etc. Just like in real life, if you follow instructions, you will succeed. Everyone complaining about the class being a "GPA killer" are beta-males, though it can be a little tough if you work full time and have other classes. Nonetheless, you will learn, and learn A LOT. Would take again without hesitation.
Very lenient professor, main part of your grade is based on participation, so you want to attend his classes. His classes are more than just lectures, they're discussions and he tries and gets you involved. There's homework due almost every class, but it's all manageable and he goes over the material thoroughly. Would take again.
He's a great and funny person. Always willing to help if you ask for it. He also does attendance the second the class starts so come on time. There's a lot to read for his homeworks but it's not too bad. Because you need the readings for his homework and quizzes. Should highly consider him.
A hard class and a really nice teacher. His readings are often long but if you do the readings, you'll do well. No electronics.
One of the most rewarding classes I've taken at Baruch. He really pushes you to do your best both in writing papers and in class participation. Sometimes lectures are a little confusing but he does clarify things for you if you ask. No midterm or final, just 3 papers, several quizzes, and 1 presentation. Don't slack off on the readings.
Class was alright, lectures were boring and didnt really learn much from them, this was basically a teach-yourself course, 1 midterm and 1 final, in class quizzes and BB quizzes. Take him! and participate, he actually write down who participates
He is on the best professors i had in my college experience. His course materials and teaching technique interests student in learning more. He is very knowledgeable in his field. I was honored to take his class.
Prof. Heinrich is amazing!!!! Everyone who says that an A is impossible obviously did not try. This class makes you read and answer a 10 question quizzes twice a week. Not hard at all people! His papers are very simple and he tells you exactly what he wants. He is extremely knowledgeable about what he is teaching and is so interesting. RECOMMEND!!!
very Nice Professor. easy going attendance is not Mandatory. you have to do just 3 papers and 1 online quiz.
This is an easy course. I'm averaging a B+ and I didn't read the textbook much. This is a very textbook-based class although his lectures do help a lot on quizzes. No homework besides the reading. There are a few quizzes, and about 7 papers including a final paper. I recommend him, he's funny, quite interesting and knows his stuff.
Nice professor but he's a hard grader. He gives pop quizzes so make sure to study. Participation counts for 20% of the grade so make sure to read! His lectures are quite interesting and will talk about lots of interesting facts and events not mentioned in the book. I would recommend this class if you don't mind working hard for your grade.
EXTREMELY hard to get a good grade, but he is good in explaining. So, to get an A you have to study A LOOOOOT! every single detail!!!
He is OK!
One of the best profeesors I ever seen!!
as for me his quizzes were even much harder and more complicated than mid-term and final exams. u never know when u have a quiz ---> got to be prepared for each time, so u study hard for each attendance... prefer laid back professors.
Professor Heinrich is great! Very knowledgeable and always ready to help. To the "honor" student above: Get a life. I can't believe you have the nerve to blame Prof. Heinrich for your incompetence. The fact that you are an "honor student" doesn't mean jack. Admit it: it was your failure, not his. Stupid twit.
knows his stuff well, overall good professor, but he is BORING. assigned seating and he takes attendance at the very start of class. monotonous german accent, and calls on you if you fall asleep. painful to stay awake. gives pop quizzes so you must read the txt book. take prof Abrahamian.
He knows his stuff, sort of wierd how much he knows...Pop quizzes, but it's not that bad because he gives them to you at the end of the lecture, sucks if you didn't pay attention. Midterm+Final+Term Paper=All essays. It's a lot of stuff to remember, but if you study you should do well.
There is something about studing history in US. Nobody likes it no matter what class they take or who teaches them. I briefly met him and he was kind enough to explain course reqirements and the due date. I passed, that's all I know. Not as hard as some say.
wants you to remember all dates. Essay tests gives 3 topics, out of which two will be on the test out of which you can write an essay on one. Term paper is difficult, but he has an awesome head of hair!!He laughs at things that aren't funny but is very smart!
he was a great professor but he's never in his office when you need to speak to him.
Prof. Heinrich is an awsome professor. I have no desire to learn about history, but he made the class interesting and I did learn a lot. For those who rate him as hard or as mean, you people need to grow up. You are in college now, and just because you cant get by in his class by cheating or slacking off, doesnt mean he is a bad professor. Nice Guy
Great professor, know's everything and anything there is to know about history, and throws in his own opinion making the class more interesting. If you don't like history he will make you, interesting class, pop tests are sometimes tricky but if you pay attention in class you'll do fine, tells you the topics for both midterm and final.
he is good. u just have to pay very close attention in alll his lectures. his pop tests r based on the lectures. his midterm and final r essays. u can't go 2 sleep in his class. he wakes u up right away. its very hard 2 cheat too. just pay close attention in his lectures and don't b late. he takes attendance rite in the beginning. good luck
he is a very smart prof. But his pop quizzes are so annoying!
he is really good looking and a very well educated man. his quizes are unanounced and sometimes really tricky.He is a tough grader on the essays but if you participate in his class he recognizes the effort. NOT BORING and VERY GOOD LOOKING! what more could you ask for? HUH?
Took the class by mistake by entering wrong code, but didn't regret it afterwards. Pop tests work out well in the end by keeping you on your toes. But the essay tests can be sketchy sometimes. In the end, tests are deff. reasonable, make sure you clean up early cuz the last few are hard and he drops lowest. You'll have to work, but you can get an A
He is OK espessially, you really have to pay attentionin his class and read the book because he gives you his pop up quizes. IF YOU HATE HISTORY DO NOT TAKE HIM, HE IS TOUGH
REALLY NICE, FUNNY, FAIR GRADER, VERY ORGANIZED LECTURE, VERY EXPLICIT READING ASSIGNMENTS, VERY HELPFUL REVIEW FOR MIDTERM AND FINAL, HISTORY IS NOT SO BAD WITH HEINRICH
he was ok, but you have to pay attention in class,especially if you did not read the book. he gives some pop up quizzes on what he taught in that particular class.but i guess he's alright.i just don't like history.
Very good teacher. Explains everything in pretty good detail and has organized notes. He will put you to sleep sometimes though. If you like history then you should have no problems. Pretty easy A if you pay attention in class or do the reading.
A- without ever looking at the book. The lessons are very clear and the quizes come straight from lesson. 7 quizes (lowest dropped), midterm, and final. If u can pay attention in class (which by the way he makes interesting) you will do great in the class without reading. Just watch out for lateness
He's good actually. quizzes aren't so hard, sometimes not even out of the book, but out of the lecture (you just have to have the capability of retaining new information). I got an A in the midterm and I still haven't bought the textbook... he does know A LOT but that helps if you have questions
Great guy. If you are serious and want to learn things-take him. Very demaning but fair. 6 popup quizzes,midterm,and final.Very interesting presentations,You work hard-you get an A.Take him!
He is tough on the attendence but if you read the book. You will do fine. Easy prof.
He's a really good teacher. He uses power point presentations that are easy to follow, that I wish he would have posted on blackboard. He's helpful and a great teacher overall. Easy on the eyes, and NO, you won't notice his accent unless he says RailRoad
If you just read, it's very easy. you can even get away with not reading--but not get an a. classes, semi boring. 5 pop quizes, one midterm, one final. class participation worth alot. he's more than fair, but not totally easy.
good professor, is a little rough, gives pop quizzes to make sure your reading is kept up but is a respectable professor and presents his lectures well.
WELL ORGANIZED AND DEFINITELY AN TRYABLE CLASS! Very Fair Grading System.
This class was very straight forward and Prof Sealock was accessible when need be. You do have to watch the lectures to be able to pass the exams but the lectures are very interesting. Overall its an easy A as long as you do everything on your part to pass.
Professor Sealock was very accessible outside of class and truly wants to see you succeed. She is very nice and will gladly explain anything you do not understand. I had her for methods and I will say the lectures are pretty boring only because the content is very confusing and hard to understand so not seeing real life examples of things is tough.
Good Prof. doesnt really have a lot of participation opportunities. Pre-lecture videos that are helpful for exams. Could use lecture time to ask students what theyve learned from the videos. Rather than lecturing about the videos again during class time, as it would be effective and knowledgeable. If you do the work youll pass for sure, EASY A
A monotone voice which makes the class really boring, however the class is very easy. You are able to have cheat sheet, there are no homework, no quizzes, and the final is not cumulative. Do discussion board and come to class to receive participation points every once in awhile and you will pass.
Professor Sealock is an amazing teacher!! I would totally take her again for another class. Her tests are easy and lectures are clear. She gives 2 papers to do at the end of the semester and you turn them in online after finals. Her lectures are long but you will def learn a lot from them. Tests are open notes and essays are take home!
She is fantastic! I learned a lot and she grades easy. Gives you slides on b.b. and let's you use page of notes on tests! So nice and if you come in late she marks you present anyways. Clearly defined guidelines and drops lowest essay and test grade! Not a lot of hw. Take this course with her! Great teacher and very knowledgeable on subject! Great!
shes cool
Grade based on 4 quizzes, but she drops the lowest grade. You also have to participate in an online discussion board, where you make 30 posts for 30 points of your grade. You also get lots of extra credit opportunity. She also gives the lecture notes. Very easy class, but can be boring at time. She's a very nice woman outside of class too. Take Her
I took her policing class and while some of her quizzes were overly detailed, the class overall wasn't that bad. Make sure you pay attention, even though lectures can be very dry. I did enjoy this class; you can tell she is passionate about what she teaches! If she doesn't have an answer for you she will research until she finds it!
She is very nice and the information she tsught was useful.
I always fall asleep. So she's alittle boring. She talks with her hands alot. But pay attention to definitions of the key terms in each chapter. Read before you come to class if you want an A. My first quiz I got a 22/25, and barely studied.
She is one of the best teachers in the criminal justice department. Class was really interesting and I want to go to class each day. Tests consist of two essay questions which she gives to you a week before the exam and allows you to use two note cards on test. I would recommend Dr. Sealock to every
Really great class, easy tests and interesting material. you have to go to class to get the information for the tests but you'll want to go, easy A.
easy just very boring, 5 quizes 2 test....don't need the book just go and pay attention in class
intro to CJ class is a guaranteed A, don't even buy the book, just go to class
Good teacher, tests can be kind of hard but for the most part they are right from the reading and book. Not hard if you study. Good guy
You have to study the material and you will do well. Its not a hard class but its not a piece of cake either. Study and you will do well. He is always willing to help if you dont understand something.
He sometimes goes through things fast and they are confusing, but he is really nice and laid back. This course is a lot of work.
Professor Ries is super energetic and very genuine about PCON. I didn't really want to take this class to start, but she's made me really enjoy the aspects of peace and conflict studies and anthropology. There are a lot of readings assigned and she's is a little picky on grades especially with the final project, but overall, great lady.
Great professor. Really nice and always wants to help. The class is a little confusing to follow because in class she gets caught up in the class discussions and goes off on tangents but other then that interesting class. Not hard at all except for the amount of reading. But she understands if you fall behind, doesn't quiz you on them.
I've had her for 2 classes and she's incredible. Smart, picks the most interesting material, doesn't just lecture all the time. She's a must take if you're at all interested in war.
Ries is extraodinarily nice, almost to a fault. She does tend to get caught up in her own intellectualism a little bit but it is not really a hinderance to learning nor does it really detract from the class. Yes, she drops little liberal comments here and there, but I never felt put out because of my conservative opinions. Also very helpful.
Nancy Ries is one of the most compassionate professors and generates a huge amount of respect from her students. will do anything for a student who applies themselves. extremely knowledgable and involved with her students. The class wasn't that hard but definately one of the best i've ever taken.
Might push some heavy liberalism on you but if you can deal then the class is entertaining.
The class is great, discussions are fun. Nancy has a lot of energy that she puts into each and every class. When you look at the syllabus, you'll think right away that it sounds easy, and it does. Just make sure you keep up with the readings. ^.^
He is super sexy for an older man. He is funny but a bit blunt, you just have to have a thick skin and his classes are fun and you learn tons.
Gives one hell of a lecture, even at 8AM. Study your ass off for his tests; they're one step down from Sielaff. I hear he's tough in lab.
Great teacher
great guy
very helpful teacher and brings alot of young influneces into the program
shes great
Great professor, she's director of the FACES lab on campus so she will show cases shes done. Very interesting class and fairly easy. As long as you go to class or get notes you should do fine, exams are straight from her lectures.She also does bonus labs (not mandatory) throughout the semester which help with the information learned
:)
Not bad, not bad....take the class
Reading/homework is easy since it has unlimited attempts. Excel exercises can be challenging. Excel Practical exam is hard. Access exercises and test are super easy. Overall an easy A course as long as you complete the assignments on time. Note: This is basically a self-study course with deadlines. Prof is available by email and question board.
Very tough professor with a group project that IS A LOT of work. Make sure you have a reliable partner and get your project checked between due dates at every chance you get. If you do that you can do very well on the project and follow her instructions for the project to the T. Will take off points for little mistakes. Do the ExCr. presentation!!
I don't know what the fuss is about, she was a nice professor if you ask me. The biggest killer is in getting the work done on time or rushing to get it done. But if you make sure you READ what she is asking of you and answer ALL the questions in detail you will be fine. Her security class in not difficult , I actually liked it.
I love Excel so I didn't think this class was too bad. My suggestion is work consistently on the projects. She is quite tough but if u finish both projects a week before they're due & have her look at it, it really helps. Lecture tests are not too bad. Most importantly, be sure to do Connect assignments, they're easy so its like a built in curve
Very helpful. Project requirements are like real world. Reading prepares one for the conceptual quizzes. Very available to give input and help.
She is a good proffessor and wants you to learn. The way her class is designed helps you understand the material well. She is about average as far as easiness goes, you have to put in your share of work to get a B. Nice professor, always willing to help if you want to learn. I am not sure how important the books are, she gives plenty of PPS slides.
Solid teacher. Tons of extra credit opportunities. Good if you do what she wants, otherwise she can be picky. GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS! There is ABSOLUTLY NO REASON to fail if you go. Tests are relatively easy. (Tests 40%, Projects 35%, Software Tests 15%, Presentation 10%)
Clear fair teacher. Gave extra credit.
fair, very quirky. just follow her directions if not sure ask her. Though, during class time she doesn't like answering much questions. She's more helpful during her office hours.
tests were difficult but fair. group project is annoying if you get stuck with slackers but she's very available and gives a lot of advice on the project.
She is a very cool and laid back teacher. Gives tons of extra credit too. 1 Presentation, 3 Assignments and 6 small tests that are Waaaay easy. Nice teacher, B is no problem.
Open note & book tests...what more could you ask for?
He curves everything including the tests and final
The largest part of your overall grade is the lab and the iclicker questions. Therefore GO TO CLASS TO GET ICLICKER CREDIT. The class isn't that difficult. The tests are group tests using the iclicker and are only worth about 10% of your grade. The lectures are pretty boring but he is a cool and easy bio professor. Just get iclicker points!!!
study the test bank and you will be fine.. i clicker are the best part ever :) simply, take him..
This class is easier than biosciences I, and is more interesting. Dr. Jordan is a knowledgeable person. You get a "cheat sheet" (SOS) for 2 tests. Does iClicker questions, 1 point for participation and 2 if you get it right. I hardly touched the book and learned a couple things. Curves are given on the test. I would definitely recommend him!
Professor Jordan is amazing! Really enjoyed his lectures. Go to every class since there are iClicker quizzes. Take good notes since that makes up most of the test. Barely used the textbook. Studied for his tests by looking over notes, online tests, & ppts. He gives a lot of curves. Final was a bit difficult but manageable as long as you study.
Dr. Jordan is a great professor! He always had interesting stories to tell us in class. Make sure you go to class because attending class is the only way to get the material that will be on the tests. The textbook is pretty pointless. He is generous with curves because his exams are difficult. I hated Biosciences I but this class was fascinating!
Dr jordan is amazing.. His stories are so interesting and his knowledge is intriguing. Sadly not everyone knows how to appreciate and take advantage of his great knowledge and skills The class is not an easy A but possible. It requires work if that's what you want to know. I find him so attractive too! His intelligence is mesmerizing. Great prof :)
Dr Jordan takes an example based approach to teaching Bio. So, you have to go to every class or miss an example. It makes it easier to understand the content but is impossible to study for, since he test over his examples. Easy B hard A.
AMAZING PROF! Probably one of the smartest people you will ever meet in your life. Tests are difficult but the questions mostly come from his stories and the examples in the book, so read it! It will help a lot. Go to his office hours so he knows who you are. Def. Go to class so you know some specific questions that will be on the test. Big curves.
Be aware: his tests reflect the TOPICS he goes over, not the same exact material. If you arent willing to go over your notes after class, you may have issues. I made a B+ the first time and retook for a A. 75ish questions on tests. 1 is dropped. YOU MUST GO TO CLASS TO DO iCLICKERS. Your total is gonna replace that dropped test. Buy study guide
Every time I take him, I kick myself wondering why I no one else teaches the classes I need. Jordan is always hard and ambiguity in the law only makes his tests more difficult.
Dr. Jordan is a great, knowledgable professor. Quizzes are open-book, but he goes quickly. He has review questions for exams that are really helpful. I've learned more from this Biology class than my other science classes. I would definitely take another class with him.
He is pretty easy if you pay attention in class and read the book. He is sometimes confusing on what he wants you to read though.
Dr. Jordan is great. His tests are really easy if you study the reviews, its almost question for question. And attendance isn't mandatory, but you should go b/c he gives out iclicker questions that count for a test grade in the end. no quizzes, no homeowrk, just read and study the review and you'll do fine.
Great professor. You will learn a TON of stuff. I have taken him for Animal Behavior and Law Ethics. I loved both classes. You should definitely go to class, but you can do fine if you take good notes. All questions for tests come from his supplemental material.
Great Prof.. His class is hard, but afterall, it is biology. If you plan to do the usual jackass thing and not do work, DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN! This class certainly will weed out the individuals who think they want to major in Bio, but they really dont want to do the work necessary. IF you are willing to do the work, take the class, you will be fine.
He is one of best instructors I've had so far! he is hard, but he is a good man! he will not give you more than what you deserve, but if you study you will do good, b/v he gives you all the questions! and his old exams are out and very easy to find. You'll get an A if you make 85 and over! which is pretty good and helped a lot of students.
i've taken dr.jordan for BIO 1143/2003/3213/4073.good prof,very intelligent,knowledgeable on many more subjects other than BIO.must read textbook&complete his sample exam books to have a chance in his class.he has a law degree&phd in bio from UT.great orator like most lawyers&interesting lectures.
He is an excellent and fair teacher. His tests are pretty easy if you study the material-- but you have to study pretty closely. The example questions he gives you at the beginning of the semester are re-used. So, unless you just don't even try to look at them -- you will probably fail. And if so, you will get at least half correct!
Dr Jordan is a nice man and a smart teacher. Sure he goes off on tangents, but they're interesting! He shows lots of videos. Sample questions are a must to buy - tests from these. Textbook used, but older version is good enough and much cheaper! Take him if you can! Go to class to see videos & enjoy lecture!
his lectures aren't always so helpful for the test but he will tell you what to stress on and what not to. so go to the lecture and then read the book. and do his practice tests!! thats half the test. plus a 85 is still an A. if you're failing its only cuz you didn't do your part. theres a lot to read but thats all the bio classes!
I had him for evolution. He gave extra credit points for answering questions during lecture on chapters we should have read before class. An 85 is an A and he gave about 10-12 point curves on exams as well. There is not a study guide like Animal Behav. or Law and Ethics, but if you go to class and read then you can get at LEAST a B!
great professor that knows his stuff. He does tend to go off on tangents time to time but he is interresting. There are usually a couple of movies in his classes, just go over the notes from class and skim through the book and you should be fine. Not a hard professor at all and is completely fair in his grading system.
Dr. Jordan is a pretty cool professor!! If you buy the sample exam book from the bookstore and do it you will GREAT on the exams, cuz its exactly the same! He keeps you interested because of his quirkiness (lol) Really easy to get A or B if you come to class!!
Dr. Jordan is awesome! As long as you attend class you're ahead. Make sure and do the sample exam book because the test is exactly the same! He won't give you the answers but he'll help you out. The way he conducts class is interesting and he adds his own flavor to it. This man is very knowledgable and a true gift to our campus.
He's one of the best bio profs I've ever had. His class isn't to hard all you have to do is show up stay awake and work on the study guide. Make sure you work on the study guide before the week of thes test cramming for this class really dosen't work. He also kinda funny in his own way. :-)
Dr.Jordan's class is a lot of fun. sometimes he may forget to mention things in class but tends to cover it later on.If you pay attention and do the reviews ul be fine.His way of grading is different so it helps too. I would definitly take him for another class.
He's my favorite Prof. I've taken him for three different classes now. He's not easy but if you study his review packets, go to class, and participate you will get the "A" or "B" you want. He's also really cute and adorable!
o k, so he's a nice guy, very helpful, blah, blah, BUT he's a maniac he puts up pics on the slide and ur supposed to know what they are in words on the tests. the exams are very long & worded jacked up. people do good in his class from getting past students tests & memorizing them. i didn't have em! not my best prof. but definetly not the worst.
Hottie!
I love Dr. Jordon. His lectures are always interesting, and as someone mentioned before, his quirks are very amusing. He's easily approachable. He's obviously passionate about his work. I highly recommend him if you don't want another blah teacher.
He is a great teacher, get his old tests, study those, and do the sample exam ques., and you will get an easy A. If you dont go to class, or at least do the exam booklet, dont expect to pass.
He's really eccentric and funny, he probably makes alot of money off of the study guides he requires you to buy, but if you answer the questions, you'll get an A on all the Tests (which is an 85 or above).
I have taken 3 classes from Dr. Jordan and he is a great teacher. His tests are hard. The lectures however, are very interesting and he knows the material very well. Debates in his class are always welcome.
Excellent teacher! Extremely intelligent and able to accept and debate student's opinions without bias. Great class, but expect to know your stuff inside and out if you want to ace this class. A++
Clearly enjoys teaching and interacting with students. Very energetic and informative lectures. Definitely not a class I'd recommend skipping. All the other positive reviews are right on. If you have to take a Comm lecture, this is the professor to have.
Big personality, funny, keeps class interesting. Test questions are sometimes unclear, but not enough to upset me. You have to study and do the reading, but after that the tests aren't too difficult. Lab projects are easy.
Porter is a great professor. Cares about his students and relates well to them. He's very energetic, spontaneous, funny, and a little crazy too. Class is always fun,interesting, and very easy. His outlines and study guides make it hard not to get an A in the class. I recommend his class to anyone.
Easy class, makes you interested in the topic. All lecture notes are on the net, gives study guides that actually cover the material on the test. I got an A! and Im a Marketing major
He is cool. I am not that interested in the class therefore not that interested in hearing him. But if I liked the subject more I think I really would like the class. Seems nice and helpful enough.
Gives nice speeches, but I'm sick of hearing him talk!
Dr. Brent's SOC 1000 was an easy A. Online writing assignments can be done as many times as necessary to get the grade you want. Only 3 tests (no comprehensive final) and they're multiple choice. He gives extra credit assignments at the end of the semester. Lectures not mandatory, but he uses iClicker for attendance and questions in class.
Prof. Brent was a great match for me as a freshman taking sociology for the first time. His lectures, while large, were engaging, and he had a good variety when it came to topics, and induced critical thinking in and outside the classroom. I will say, SA Grader can be difficult, but as long as you finish them on time, you will pass for sure.
I did not like first few lectures but once I started doing all my assignments on time, I got very comfortable with the subject matter. I would strongly recommend this class to students who are looking for easy A.
Boring class. Easy A.
The lectures are long and boring, but all of the homework is online and you get unlimited attempts. Show up to class for clicker points, but he gives you more than enough extra credit. I did average on all the test & still got a 96% in the class. EASY A as long as you do the online work. I recommend taking this w/ Brent if you need a GPA booster!
Super easy--failed two tests and still received an A in the class. Just get 100% on the SA graders and do the extra credit
This class may be boring, but it is also easy to take! Just show up everyday, get full points on the SAGrader assignments (which make up the majority of overall grade), and don't bomb the exams below a C average! By the way, he gives extra credit assignments! Also approachable for help if you need it! Best of all, no final exams!
Supppppppppper boring. The only reason I go to class is because we get participation points via i-clicker. I would'nt take this tacher I had could go back in time.
His lectures are boring but if you actually read the textbook [which he wrote himself so you can't sell back :( ], you will do fine on the tests. The homework is graded online via SAGrader, but you get as many attempts at it as you want until you are satisfied with your grade (I got 100% on all of them because you can just keep doing them).
If you do not get an A in this class you will not get an A in any class at Mizzou... it is easy, I did all of the SAGrader assignmetns and got 100 because they are unlimited submitions and worth 60% of your grade as well as the Extra Credit which is 5% added to your final grade... if you do this an A will be guananteed, just don't BOMB the tests!
The class was really boring, and even though he takes attendance via the clicker, I still skipped almost half the classes and still received an A. But I have to admit he seems like a nice guy. He tries to make the class interesting, but hey, it's basic sociology. How much fun can you make it? Just ace the assignments and you'll be fine.
Although some people thought the class was boring, I love the examples, stories and illustrations he used to bring the topics to live and relate them to real life situations
Nicest Guy in the world....
A great Guy
He made class so interesting. He's so funnny! The music we studied was so cool. I loved this class! When I hear the freshmen talking and playing music for this class, it makes me miss this class so much!
Dr. Budds is a fantastic teacher! You won't find anyone who is more passionate and knowledgeable about their subject! Yes, his tests are incredibly hard, but not if you study for them. People do complain about the length but people have been passing it for years, you just have to really prepare and listen to the music for this class.
Do not buy the textbook for this class, it was not used at all. Get used to listening to the songs on walks between classes and you're golden. Attending class is a must, attending his outside review sessions also a must. Prepare for the quizzes. I think he curves it a bit at the end, I got an A in the class despite a 92% in the class. He's nice!
Dr. Budds scared me to death the first week of classes, but after that I realized he's one of the best professors I've ever had. He holds early morning study sessions and meets with students after the tests to go over what they did wrong. He really CARES and WANTS his students to do well. I learned so much and truly enjoyed his class.
Good teacher, really smart and has a unique teaching style
Very very good lecturer. Dr. Budds knows what he is talking about. If you are interested in music at all, I strongly recommend this class. He expects you to know the material so be prepared for the first test. Overall pretty easy if you go to lecture and pay attention. His lectures are very well set up for taking notes as well.
great teacher just very demanding. you will learn a lot.
As long as you go to class and pay attention to the major themes, you will be fine. I had no trouble getting an A in the class just by taking notes and looking over them (to remember names) before every test. He's very entertaining. The only thing I didn't like about is class is that some of the questions on the tests were debatable.
THE TRUTH IS THIS: BUDDS HAS VAST KNOWLEDGE OF MUSIC, HE IS AN INTERESTING (SOMETIMES FUNNY/ECCENTRIC) TEACHER. BUT HIS TESTS ARE UNBELIEVABLY HARD. IF YOU WANT TO LEARN A LOT, TAKE THIS CLASS, BUT I AM WARNING THAT HIS TESTS ARE INSANE 130 QUESTIONS IN 50 MINUTES...GIVE ME A BREAK!!!!
he was interesting, but somewhat ignorant. he tends to make generalities. go to class and take notes.
Enjoyed the jazz part, LOVED the rock. Dr Budds has a unique way of making the lectures fly by, and in 16 weeks time's up. One note: the tests can be a doosy, but there is a learning curve with each test. Go to lecture and take good notes and youll be fine. I dont see how one could do well in the class, if they didnt go to lecture. It's essential!
I want his babies. He saw Miles Davis perform in his heyday, enough said. The only complaint I have is that the tests are a little difficult. He has put stuff on there that was never discussed in class.
He is genuinely enthusiastic about his job!
very interesting but tests were harder than necessary for a lower level course. I learned alot!
Great class, you learn so much. kinda hard but fun
Easy A. Watch the lectures, take notes, and use the formula sheet like your life depends on it. There was homework like every other week that took 15 minutes and quizzes every 2 weeks that took 5 minutes. Put the lecture in 2x speed and you won't spend more than 2 hours on this class a week. So easy and well-taught.
I took it online so I just watched recorded lectures, but he seems like a great prof and person. His class is the first time I've ever laughed in math class because he tells hilarious stories. Very easy as long as you read the slides, but quizzes are worth a lot so try hard.
I've never really been good at math and this was a pretty easy class. Homework covers what you learn in lecture and theres quizzes every two weeks that are very similar to the homework. Quizzes are also open note/book and taken online. Take good lecture notes and you'll be fine.
He posts his lectures online and is good about sending out reminders for deadlines. He is a pretty snarky guy, so I can see why he rubs some people the wrong way, but I don't find him that off-putting. This class is also super easy. If you are able to complete the homework without problems, there is no need to go to discussion.
Lectures are easily accessible and easy to understand. Quizzes were straightforward and followed the class examples and homework.
Dr. Ries has got his format of teaching down. He clearly states every due date in the syllabus and makes an announcement every week to ensure students know what will be going on. He is very positive and easily approachable.
Dr. Ries is a great professor. He has simple expectations: a homework assignment and short quiz each week over a couple of chapters covered in lecture, using the online website Webwork. They are all open-note and quick, and you can use his formula sheet for them. If you watch his recorded lectures, or attend the class in person, you should be ok!
Stat 1200 was a very easy A. I rarely went to class and did fine. Your grade is entirely webwork homework and online quizzes, both of which are open book and have a formula sheet with every formula you'll ever use. Lowest homework and quiz scores are dropped. TA's are there to help you in discussion if you don't understand anything.
Dr. Ries made his lectures pretty easy to follow, but if you don't go to class you'll be able to catch up. There was a homework assignment for each chapter but most of the time you get unlimited attempts. Rather than big exams, there are quite a few mini-quizzes (3-10 questions) if you need help the TA's are there for you.
Easy class, requires minimal effort. As long as you do the webworks and understand how to do all the problems, you should not have any issues with the quizzes. Never read the book or did the recommended practice problems, but good if you need some extra practice.
Pretty easy class just make sure to do the webworks. The quizzes are similar to problems on the webworks.
He makes it clear in the beginning your lowest test score gets dropped and the two lowest homework gets dropped, but there's no extension on dates at all. He explains that's his "built-in" flexibility for emergencies. His classes are really easy. If you watch his zooms or recordings you'll be fine. I barely used the textbook.
There is no one worse at math than me. Going in to this class, I was terrified, but ended up getting an A! The class is truly not very difficult and Ries seems to understand that this is just a required intro level course for most people. He makes the content easy to understand and explains it slowly and deliberately, which was so helpful for me.
As long as you keep up with the work and lectures, youre totally fine. He posts everything on canvas so you dont actually have to go to class. Just try to keep up with the lectures because they can feel long if you have to do several in a day. Read the emails he sends and syllabus and youll stay informed but he does respond to emails quickly
Ries is not that bad of a professor. He does lecture really slow and boring, but he posts his lectures online, so really you don't have to go. He tries to make the class interactive which makes it better if you do go. If you suck at stats it's not the easiest class but he gives lots of resources for help.
Can't say I actually learned a lot from this class, felt like the content itself is pretty basic. Easy to watch lectures on line (on double speed - he's a slow talker) and get by just fine. Never went to discussion; if you put in the time with homework and practice times and make sure you understand the content you'll be good for the tests.
Lectures are heavy and he talks really fast, but he's a really funny guy and makes coming to a non-mandatory attendance class worth it.
He will post all the lecture slides and recording online so just view them at home at x2 speed since he speaks really slow. Exams constitute 90% of the course but they are really easy as long as you do the practice papers that are uploaded online! You will surely get easy A as the practice papers are very similar to the exams!
I hate math and everything to do with it, but Larry was amazing. The way he explains concepts makes them SO easy to understand. Yes, he does Panapto but I would really recommend going to class. The discussion section was useless and I went maybe twice. Unless you have questions, it's not worth attending.
Dr. Ries explained things pretty well, and has a good voice. Kind of hot in an offbeat way. Funny.
Class wasn't mandatory, all lectures were on tegrity however i do recommend actually going to class. Homework once a week, quizzes once a week. I thought i wasn't going to do well bc im not math oriented but i finished with an A in the class. He's very thorough and made me understand stats easily. Can be a little boring but solid class.
LARRY RIES IS THE BOMB WOW I have never had a math teacher as AWESOME as he is. You literally never have to go to class if you watch his super clear tegrity videos, and you get an INCREDIBLE formula packet for every test that helps you out so much. Leaving this class with a new found respect for statistics. YOU ROCK LARRY RIES KEEP DOING YOU!!!!!!
You don't have to go to the original class you signed up for, you can go to any of the ones that he teaches or watch on Tegrity. You are given a formula packet that you can use on the exams. He is very easy to understand, even on the Tegrity, which is straight from the morning lecture.
Whenever you have to wake up 7 in the morning to go to class at 9, Dr. Ries is the best choice. He is very interested in the subject that he is teaching to students and that he will awaken and entertain you to listen to his lectures as if you're enjoying his class.
Larry teaches a SUPER easy class. if you go to class, or watch the tegrity, you should pass. Study off of previous exams and you should do well!
Loved it. He is a very smart guy and a very good teacher. He has a bit of a dry voice, but don't mistake it for him being mean. He also puts all the lectures, slides and audio, on tegrity so if you ever miss class you have nothing to worry about.
Ries posts all of the lecture contene online as well as an entire archive of past exams. Therefore you never have to go to class; the course is very easy to self-teach.
I would've had to tried to fail this class. Lectures are all online, plus sample exams. I hate stats and math, and this class was still a breeze for me.
Very easy class. Records and posts all lectures online along with past exams for practice. No attendance is taken at all. If you go to the lectures or watch them all online before an exam, youll do well. RSD's are pointless unless youre having trouble with the material.
He doesn't encourage his students to come to class because he puts them up on Tegrity. He was a good teacher however. He used real life applications and made learning statistics not so complicated. The formula sheet was a lifesaver too.
This class is pretty easy. Take the previous years exams from practice and you should do fine. Lecture is boring, but somewhat helpful. RSD is often taught by grad students that are difficult to understand. Lectures are boring, but effective. You will do well if you attempt to apply yourself, professors corny jokes aside.
Go to class, takes notes, and use the old tests he provides to help study. If you do good on the practices tests you will do good on the actual test. If you don't figure out what you need to study cuz chances are it will be on there!!
Always opens with "Gooood morning class," and tries to relate his life to something he finds interesting/funny. The material can be boring and may induce slumber.
Really enjoyed this teacher. Was great for explaining things and kept class very interesting. Old tests are offered for study guides which were great because tests were almost identical
Even though it may not seem like going to lecture is necessary, towards the end of the class you will be very confused if you don't go. Also, I didn't go to RSD but two times the entire semester and was fine. Just do a bunch of pratice tests before the exams and you should be fine.
Dr. Ries is a very interesting professor. If you take the initiative, he is very helpful. Some of your grade really depends on which TA you get. He puts a lot of faith in them.
Easy class. If you took high school stat and did well, you don't really even have to go to class (except lab), as long as you look at the notes online and do a few of the practice problems.
Turned a scary class into an easy one. Very clear in lecture. Lots of unrequired homework, but between lecture and doing the practice tests before exams, I did fine. Recommended.
Dr. Ries is quite a character. He comes in and does his job and does it well. He provides lots of supplements to help you out. But if you feel like you have to be babied and accomodated, don't take this class.
OH MY GOD! Everyone says he's so funny...this is THE corniest man alive EVER! All his jokes are about beer...hello, are you a freshman in high school? That's the only time you brag or laugh about or tell jokes about beer!
Just go to class. His lectures are pretty good, being math lectures and all. He is enjoyable, but like someone mentioned already, not flexible at all. If you do the homework, go to most classes, and go to the review you will do well.
He looks like the Jared the Subway guy!! Except he doesn't weigh 300 pounds. Other than that, he's a great teacher gives a halfway interesting lecture.
study guide are VERY similar to tests. No real reason to go to class if you are good at math. just to go review.
I actually stayed awake in a math class! And he gave us candy...
larry is a riot. stats has never been so funny
Awesome teacher... funny
Doub is such a nice lady. She does tons of examples and doesn't mind answering questions over and over again. She doesn't really explain, but would be great if you actually are good at STAT. I don't know how anyone could fail her class. She makes it hard to fail, with all the EC. Tests are confusing.
She is very thorough in her teaching and requirements for the class. If you show up for lectures and do the assignments you'll be fine. She gives A LOT of extra credit and places to make up. She is very passionate about math and is pretty good at explaining, can go fast sometimes and isn't the best about answering questions but really nice.
She is so knowledgeable funny and helpful MUST take her so amazing!
Doub makes coming to class fun. She expects a lot of students so be prepared to work for your grade. Tests are fair and like hw. Don't miss class cause she moves on. answers questions and available by email all the time. would take again. making sure students really understand without putting students down, nice person. made it fun
Enjoyed going to class. lectures are clear and examples of problems. tests are more than fare with chance to earn ec. felt i could ask questions in class. nice and knew the subject. respects students
Doub is a good professor who offers a lot of extra credit. Does not take attendance and all lectures are on Black Board. The material was really easy the second half of the semester I didn't go to class and still passed. Recommend her!
Doub is such a sweet woman who only wants her students to succeed! I would definitely recommend taking her for 205!
Dr Doub is amazing. Lectures are clear with alot of examples. Tests are like the problems in class. Take her. Hope she teaches another class I can take
would take again. very good professor. makes the course easy to understand. alot of worksheets but problems are like the tests.
Dr. Doub is a great professor! She is so helpful if you have any problems. Ask questions, do the worksheets (not graded) and you will do great!
One of the sweetest ladies I have ever met. Very funny and makes class interesting with her stories and comments. A little confusing and forgets that we are not all mathematicians sometimes. Provided lots of opportunities to do well in her class, test are very fair and provided lots of worksheets and study guides that are almost identical.
Dr. Doub is a really kind woman. She is very helpful and is always available for extra help. There are a lot of assignments that are not graded but they are helpful. Prepare to have your integrity tested.
stat is hard but she makes it a little easier. attendance isn't mandatory but it's in your best interest to attend as some of her class examples are copied exactly on the tests. 4 tests with loads of extra credit. TU's math department is one of the worst, but she's one of the few great math professors, defintely take her!
Stat is a hard class but professor doub makes it easy. she is extremely helpful and passionate about the class. take her shes the best!
She is one nice person. Can talk to her and ask questions.She loves this stuff. Classes are actually enjoyable and she makes you want to attend. If you work the HW you do good on the tests. She makes this required course actually fun and I can't believe I am saying this. One GREAT prof! She cares about the students and them learning this stuff
excellent prof. explains well, works alot of probs. easy to talk to. must keep up with classwork
She's a great person and teacher, but you got to keep up and pay attention. easy to fall too far behind because there's only 2 tests-- no graded homework or quizzes.
Wonderful teacher. Pay attention and study you will do well. I was exempt from the final exam because I had done so well on the previous exams. (I Love Math). She is easy to talk to. Take her
This class is extremely easy if you've taken 231 or any other stats class. No HW or structured exams. Midterm and final are take home and come right from notes. Probably easiest GenEd in this category
very nice and will always take the time to help you
A sweet, sweet man. Very calm and helpful manner. Always likes to have a pleasant chat with students. Encourages use of German outside of classroom.
Assigns a lot of busywork, but overall is a very competent teacher. Very easy to get extra help from.
Can I emphasize how damn EASY this class is? Other people have problems with it, but as long as you show up and do your homework you'll be fine. He knows his stuff, enough said.
Good instructor who is willing to help you with any questions/problems. A little unclear at times, but very approachable and helpful if you are lost.
:)
Boring as hell, still an amateur, didn't teach the class that well
Great required reading selection. He's a cool guy, really understanding. His lectures are interesting and they inspire a lot of discussions.
I took this as a history class cross-listed with American Studies, which is this professor's home department (AMST). There was no textbook and an assigned paper to write. He provided good feedback and was fair and open-minded. I was warned repeatedly about his "extreme" liberal bias, but it was never a factor and I learned a lot from the process
Decent Professor but only if you desire to only hear Liberal biased material. He does encourage you to share your opinion though. AMST 150 was the B.S. class of my senior year and the final was a take home to top it all off.
Slightly boring lectures but interesting topics. Lots of reading. The books were fun but the 30 page articles were long and boring. Nice guy and a good teacher though.
This guy is awesome. Gave us a take-home final--the best way to end the semester! There was a lot of reading, but he says that's a matter of opinion. It was also not necessary to read all material for course to do well. Labs and TA helped a lot.
Professor Perkinson knows his stuff and is very informative. However the required readings is BRUTAL. You will have to read serveral books from cover to cover throughout this course. If you love to read this is for you.
good clear, if you do the reading and go to class you should be able to get an A. I skipped alot and got a B
great professor, provided viewpoints that were sheltered from me in highschool. totally got me interested into politics and our country, made me 'want' to learn more. anyone who cares to just listen and read will benefit from this class, maybe not with grades but more importantly, knowledge (gurantee something will relate to you).
labs kinda suck, but an overall great professor
Heberle is a monotonous, slightly jittery lecturer, but he knows his stuff. Expect class time to be a bit long and droning. He's a tough but fair grader, and expects structured, insightful essays. His voice sometimes amplifies unexpectedly, but that just shows his excitement towards the material. He's a war vet so his specialty is War Literature.
Very nice and helpful professor. His exams were VERY difficult though. Also, a lot of tedious small assignments
Didn't need to buy the books since everything was available online. Keeping up with the reading is helpful, but you can get away with just reading the play summaries and taking notes during his lectures. Very enthusiastic about the course subject matter & a fair grader (couldn't read his comments on my essays though...). Overall, I recommend him.
He's filled with nervous energy. Pretty ok guy, helps out alot, speaks for most of the class. Really likes it if you participated in group discussion (this is how he grades participation pts). Choke books to buy, U learn a lot about your own writing style.
No joke, this man is full of nervous energy (suddenly shouts in class sometimes), but he's harmless. Intense coursework but always voluminous and constructive feedback, prompt when conditions allow. Partially deaf in one ear, so speak up! Addresses you by name when you're conspicuous in class, which is a nice touch. Smells of coffee. Nice guy.
The class is somewhat boring as it is generally him speaking for the entire classtime. However, I appreciate his passion in the material and his immense knowledge of the subject. You can clearly see that he understand the material completely and it inspired me to attempt to get close to that kind of comprehension. Definitely informative and a very nice teacher overall. I'd recommend him to student who wants challening coursework and have a willingness to learn a lot of material.
I learned so much about writing from this man. He shared with us his own writing and how most of it goes in the garbage. I began to learn here that writing is all about rewriting and about cutting stuff out. He seems awkward in class often. Does a good job.
He's in love with English and Grammer..both compelling and repulsive.
Not much here in terms of learning. Must attend 402 presentations, write summaries, and do a practice interview with Career Services. Graded as S or U.
Nice professor. Of course his son did good in the class
Tests were hard but he would take the time to go over it with you individually after class to see what you did wrong
Hard exams, he really, really loves talking about oncology
bible
I took 3 of his classes back in the day, and I was glad that my grade was proportionate to my work. He's fair, and if you do what is asked, then all is well. I'm glad I had the opportunity to take him, and the memories live on.
Simple criteria for passing. Write 5 papers and that is your grade. Write them early in the semester when you aren't busy. Easy A if you are a good writer and don't mind doing work without someone holding your hand.
The 3-week Summer class was difficult but doable. We had to read 5 books and write 4 papers, 3 of which were 5 pages and 1 was 10 pages. In order to get an A, you really have to stay on track. Do the discussion posts and take notes while reading. Ask "what if?" questions (and answer them, obviously) in your papers and you'll get a high grade.
5 essays and a few discussion board posts here and there. Overall pretty easy class. You have to do a lot of reading but since there are no other assignments it is easy to pace yourself through the class. She gives good feedback on the essays and is not a very tough grader at all.
I took her online course over the Summer. I had about 4 weeks to write 4 papers on 6 books. And honestly I thought it was not doable but she is an extremely helpful and fair grader. I am not a strong writer at all and she helped me improve by grade from the first essay to the last. She also responds very quick to emails!!
DR TWIGG is the best she understand and know how to make her students to fell confutable. take her don't exitated. i got a A
Dr. Twigg obviously is very passionate about this subject and it really showed in her lecturing- kept my attention and stimulated my interest for the subject. It was a large class, but she is very approachable and very eager to help individual students. Course isnt difficult as long as you come to class and pay attention. I didnt even open the book
When I first signed up for this class I was totally freaked out--7 books, 5 papers??? I was really scared. But she makes it easy. She gets that not everyone understands this subject fully so she lets you write on whatever you feel is important. I learned A LOT in this class!
The class went very smoothly but the book is another thing. If you are one of those people who study more from the book than from the class, this will be an average class to you. I found if you just quickly skim the very lengthy chapters, you'll do fine on the tests.
great teacher...love self paced course
great professor. extremely knowledgable and easy to follow.
As has already been said, get a-hold of past midterms and DO EVERY PRACTICE PROBLEM HE GIVES YOU. The optional homeworks really don't help that much but doing the practice for the 3 midterms and you'll be fine and will get out of having to take a final.
i did not like the way he teaches and presents the matrial in class, but he can be so very helpful if you go to his office and ask for help
Dr. Lundquist is a great guy. The subject matter can only be made so interesting. Do the HW & Computer projects as they are assigned, and you'll be happy with your grade. Again, Dr. L. is a really good guy - you've just got to get to know him.
Lectures are boring because the subject matter is so simple. Getting an A should be no problem if you do the homework.
Material is not hard, but a lot of work, and do well on the mid-terms means no final, which is nice. Do your homework, and projects!
DON'T CHEAT!!! He WILL catch you
Fair professor. Learn how he likes things and do it exactly that way.
If you can't get an A in this class, you are a moron. You can retake everything
By far my favorite professor at NCSU. I have had him for 2 classes now and GC 420 is far easier than 320, but he is a great professor for both. He is a bit vulgar in class, but it's all in good fun. I would recommend him to everyone because he actually cares about his students and does his best to make sure they do well in his and any other class.
Tough class, but It has been helping me since I graduated.
Easy A, only a take home final and a joke workbook. Take this class if you want an easy social science requirement or want to raise your GPA
Elementary School Level Classes
He really cares about what he teaches and it shows. Passionate teachers are hard to come by and he certainly is one. I recommend him to anybody.
he does a mean donald duck impression
i loved the class. it was so diffrent and intersting. hes also a really funny guy who knows how to keep you interested and is really nice. really strengthened my textual skills
pretty good, very clear. easy class.
Difficult class. But one of the most caring teachers in Syms.
The professor is a very caring teacher, he makes sure that you understand the material to the best that one can. His office is always open to help students out even if it is right before the final. (thanks prof.)
He thinks hes in 3rd grade but teaches advanced accounting (a seating chart)
Dr. Kelly is a pretty good professor! She clearly is more passionate about audiology, so some of the speech pathology material tended to be a little unclear. However, even under extenuating circumstances this semester, she worked hard to be on top of things, organized, and helpful as much as possible. She does have an interesting sense of humor!
I love this professor. I find Dr. Kelly extremely helpful if you attend her office hours if you do not understand a concept. I have taken 3 courses from Kelly and the people who probably failed and complained about her were just getting bad grades and not discussing them with her! 216 is meant to be a weed-out course, but her others are so easy!!
Huge fan of Rabbi Berman even if I worked hard just for my B. Loved his medical ethics class- you learn a ton, every aspect of every topic, and love that he just skips over other girls' stupid questions. He doesn't waste time and is pretty source-heavy; you have to know exactly who said what, for the exams. Totally worth it
One of my favorite classes! Very interesting, but you do need to pay attention in order to follow. If you know the notes, you will be totally fine for the tests. He's also a very lenient grader, and doesn't seem to care much about attendance, but the topics can get complicated so you need good notes.
She is tough, but wants to see you suceed
She can be quite the moody lady but I enjoy her class well enough
She is definitely a good person. Her classes and tests are challenging!!
This class can get boring if your not into emf. He can be dull when no one in the class is interacting with his lecture. He grades based on his own opinion a lot, which sucks but all the assignments are pretty easy. All the tests are too. Overall this class is worth taking.
One of my easiest 300level courses ever. No midterm, like 6 assignments most about 2pgs, and a take home final. Books are kinda useless, but good to have if you love film like I do. Nice and laid back guy.
I didnt know anything about film or photography before taking the class so I didnt know how i would like it. Turned out to be my favorite class. Just look over the study guide before tests to make sure u know the stuff. Projects take no more than an hour. Lev is a nice guy and a good teacher.
Great class, great teacher, kept everything interesting.
Exams not hard, common sense stuff, but Lev wants things phrased his way. Seems a little too critical on the creative projects, when I thought I followed the instructions well. If you need this class for EMF then he's a good choice for it; if you're not into Media then you may be bored.
He may seem like an awkward kind of guy at first, but definitely stick around for this class!! He's genuinly nice and open to suggestion and comments. Class discussion on movie and film clips are interesting. His tests and projects take effort, but you will learn a lot from them.
Great taecher. Really knows his stuff. Nice guy, funny, and helpful. An all around good tea.cher
Nice guy i failed first test and studied alot but read slides and got b on secon
Very laid back - willing to help you and pretty cool
Professor Vatz is a great Professor who encourages thoughtful, open discussions, in his lectures. Overall he doesnt give out much work which is refreshing and we frequently have interesting speakers come in. He talks politics a lot but is unbiased and welcomes all opinions. Dont take his class if you dont find political rhetoric interesting.
Vatz is highly respected in the academic community, extremely knowledgable, & an overall interesting guy! He greatly appreciates when students put effort into assignments and class discussions (& will let you know how appreciative he is). Lots of cool speakers. Lots of political talk, but he is unbiased. Class is fairly easy, but effort is required
The class itself is a breeze, mostly discussions, no notes at all. However, you have 2 exams (more like quizzes) and one paper. the paper is worth 50 percent of your entire grade. If you understand the assignment, you can easily pass, but it does take work. Vatz is funny and entertaining, and knows his stuff.
Dr. Vatz is a Towson legend. Persuasion is the most awesome class I've ever taken!
Great teacher. No class is dull since he is so energetic. He definitely cares about his students. Highly recommend.
Every class is exciting we learned stuff helpful in other classes to
Awesome Class
Vatz is a really nice prof who provides a ton of laughs. This class isn't bad to take for an 8am. The course itself is just a midterm and a final. You are also graded on attendance and participation. I got an 88% on the midterm and a 70% on the final. I didn't miss a single class and got a B+ (when my test average was a 79/B-). Definitely take him.
Media Criticism is great! Before this class I had no interest in it, but after learning from Vatz he teaches you to be objective to the media. Its an 8 AM but his energy and enthusiasm make you want to get out of bed and hear what he has to say. He's hilarious and passionate! TAKE THIS CLASS!! One of the best professors I've had at Towson!
Hell of a guy. Had his class 4 years ago and still keep in touch with him. He's very helpful and if you like Szasz, he'll love you for it.
Great class, super interesting, even at 8am. Vatz is crazy and will get you involved in class, you'll love it. 2 easy tests (as long as you come to class, as test material is straight from class discussion). class is current event discussion and a few VERY interesting guest speakers. take this class, go to class, get A.
Vatz really sees the big picture on politics which he sees as conservative but is open to other point of view. Don't read his assigned text but read articles he mentions in class.
Vatz, I would have to say is intelligent and knows his material. Persuasion was the best class I have taken at Towson. I learned so much about Rhetoric it change my whole outlook on things and people. You have to pick a opinionated piece from a news paper and rewrite it in reverse order. Its not hard but it does take time. He is a cool professor
Persuasion is easily the best class I have taken. Vatz is a very competent, intelligent teacher. The paper is 3 pages at most and is not even original material. You rewrite an opinion piece. Assignment could not be easier and is CRYSTAL CLEAR. He spends two classes going over EXACTLY how to write the paper. Awesome professor. So smart!
Smart guy...too confident
Vatz is a great professor. Take Him! Had him for Media Criticism, didnt read any of the 3 books and still got an A in the class. Class is very interesting, the only 9:00AM class I've ever had that I've been able to stay awake in. Pay attention in class, study for the two exams the night before and you'll do great. Take Vatz!
Vatz is insane. He is also the best teacher I have ever had. I learned more in his 2 classes, sitting and listening, than in any other. He has changed the way I look at the world. Persuasion changed my life. The "seminal paper" is NOT THAT BAD. I got an A- and I literally did the entire thing during a 2 hour break I had the day it was due.
can't fall asleep in class. really energy professor. teaches stuff you can't get elsewhere.
Dr. Vatz is a great professor. I learned a lot from this class. He takes attendance every class and your grade is based off of one paper so if you take him, be prepared to write for weeks. It is a great class. I would recommend taking him.
I had his class the morning of 9/11 at 9:30am....We were all taking about it at the begginning of class. As things became more clear, he told us that he had a feeling this was something big so he let us leave cuz he felt we should be watching these events unfold live in front of the TV. I will NEVER forget that...I am so grateful to him for that.
CONS: learned nothing, he talked about politics the whole time, required text was written by him and had little to do with the course, attendance is STRICT, class grade is based on one stupid paper. PROS: this guy is insane, hilarious, and entertaining to say the least. Showed a lot of entertaining videos.
Vatz is crazy! But in a good way. Class = boring, but he is hysterical. One paper. DONT MESS IT UP And don't leave it for the last minute! It's your entire grade and if u do bad u have to take the final which ur guaranteed to fail. Paper is easy if u do what he says. Can leave class early. Good "filler" class. I learned nada about persuasion though
Great teacher. You really need to stay current with all the news papers and t.v. shows he recomends. Go to class!!
Covers alot of material. Gives alot of points of view.
Vatz is an awesome teacher. Sometimes you are not really sure where he is going with his lecture, but he always brings it together for you. He is very entertaining and you will learn alot, not just learn facts to pass an exam.
The entire class is based on 1 paper. Just go to class.. easy grade! He's funny, but class gets boring at times.. many videos.
Definitely take this class if you can...even if you don't need it. It is extremely entertaining, and actually really fun (and I am not the type of person that thinks school is fun). Vatz is the man!!
he bases your whole grade on one paper, but if you turn it in early he will help you out. Its not hard once you understand what to do. It seems boring to watch videos all the time, but I learned so much in this class. read the books, they are good
Awesome class...he's very funny and rants and raves but he knows his stuff...if you want an interesting class with an entertaining professor, definitely take it...tests (2 of them) are weird though- true/false even though its a critism class
This is one of those rare classes you actually look forward to going to...I'd recommend it to anyone. He will brighten your day and you'll get to watch John Stossel videos all the time
Fine
Very funny teacher, keeps you awake and thinking.
Great class...makes you think...
Everything is based on 1 paper and an optional final exam. Does take attendance but he is a very intelligent guy - good class
Dr. Lewis is a great professor and really good at what he does. Make sure you attend class every time. He believes in group work to prepare you for the outside world. He has a clear grading criteria and also hilarious. He knows when to joke with students and when to be serious. He is unique in his own way by putting himself in students' shoes
alright guy
best prof ever. very helpful. very caring and understanding.helped me a lot
Dr. Winter is one of the most unique and interesting professors at the U. He was the first prof I encountered in University that took the time to learn our names and ask us every day for feedback. He is very eccentric but he is so full of knowledge and quick wit. I only wish I could have taken more of his courses, truly my favourite professor.
very interesting class, i found the professor to be very helpful.
Great class, great lecturer, great material. WHo cares about others' opinions, we are inundated with them everyday through the mainstream media, here is our chance to hear something fresh and new.
He's a bit arogant and set in his ways but, he he's no different then any other profs that have been there for 30 years
Prof. Winter gets a lot of negative criticism because he "preaches his view unto others." What many ppl dont seem to understand is that Winter is merely showing us the point of view that never gets displayed with corporate media sensorship. It may sound like he's preaching, but hes trying to show the opposite end of the spectrum in mass media.
I don't know why people are so negative about this class. Sure it wasn't the easiest, but I learned some of the most valuable things in that class that I probably would never have learned anywhere else. He's showing you the other side of things, so maybe this messed up world can see some kind of change. Big eye opener!
Excellent course, Everyone on here is attacking his bias. What must be realized, is that he is introducing us to the bias we do not get in mainstream media. He teaches us to be critical of the media and not simply accept what we hear on TV as the absolute truth. Very worthwhile course.
Dr. Winter is very approachable and a good lecturer. I found his class enlightening. I am glad there are some people who are not brainwashed.
very good prof/class, one of the best at the school
He's Canada's NORM CHOMPSKY!!
Cool lectures on the Disney films. Ideas sometimes a bit radical.
Great prof-- course opened my eyes to whole new world missd by mainstream media
95% of the class is spent on his life and stories not related to the content whatsoever. HOWEVER, he is a very knowledgeable and well-rounded individual and professor. Class is very interesting and he makes coffee to students! Very easy course. We are graded by a few things, but if you put effort and do them as in any course, youll pass!
His class was probably the easiest class I have ever taken here at BSU. We have weekly assignments, but they are not time consuming in the slightest. He is very kind and willing to work with you if you struggle at all.
Interesting online class. You have to participate in discussions on a bi weekly basis and it wasn't a hard class. Had to read The Lemon Tree and another geography textbook and write a small paper on The Lemon Tree.
Took his coffee class. I am sooo happy I did. He is an amazing person and professor. Wants students to succeed. I learned ALOT from him. You gotta pay attention as tests are detailed ( midterm and final) I would 100 percent recommend him. I wish I had taken him sooner than my last semester So I could take him again
HayesBo is AWESOME he is always there for you when you need help with anything. His classes are easy but fun and interesting. He has easy assignments to post online usually nothing needed to be printed, amazing professor.
The guys is extremely dedicated to his job and passionate about Geography. I took this Honors FYS to live in the Honors RLC and love it. We go on field visits to Brockton every class since it is a long block, and there is barely any work. The guy is very-well respected by all students. I am taking him again for a 1 credit. Everyone has an A.
Great teacher! made me want to come to class and learn about the material. not a hard grader. a couple short papers midterm and a final. there is also a presentation that is super easy. take him if you can! great class!
I never rate teachers, however Pfr. Hayes-Bohanan is GREAT! He LOVES Latin America and coffee, so he LOVES what he teaches. He brews coffee for us every morning so we can try different coffees from different parts of Latin America. It makes class seem social, interesting and fun! He uses decent books and movies that actually make an impact.Take HiM
I love this guy! I took his online class and it was an easy A. He gives 3 quizes for each chapter and you can easily look the answers up on google. He's very intelligent and is always there to help. He responded very quickly to all of my emails.
James is a wonderful guy, with a lot of drive. He loves his students and sees nothing wrong with forming friendships with them - which I highly respect. He is also fun! His classes are engaging and I would recommend any of them.
Not bad of an (online) class and was relatively easy: 3 exams, a bunch of quizzes on the chapters you cover, 3 papers, and optional book report. Class sessions were fun though, and he really got you into the subject. He really knows his stuff.
Class overall is pretty simple, however there is a lot of reading and quite a few assignments. Be prepared!
Awesome Professor-Take him if you get the chance! Respects students and listens to all ideas, he is definitely one of the coolest Professor's I have had thus far. He makes the material interesting and you want to work hard in the class. I highly recommend him!
TOUGH CLASS
really nice teacher. is willing to help if you need it. exlains everything so that it's easy to understand.
The class is SO damn boring, but it's easy. He DEFINETLY needs to get some new cloths and a new hairstyle. Lets you do extra credit for ANYTHING! I got 80 points for just going to stuff I thought was gonna be fun. Take him if you can, cause its so easy.
i learned alot from his class, loved the material.. had to study and work hard to get an A. he went over a lot of stuff....great class :)
easy internet based course, he is friendly and is a dork but is helpful. Class is a joke.
Common guys, hes a dork but hes ok. The class is a little dull but if you think its hard than you might as well drop out now. Its about the easiest class I've taken here in 4 years.
This prof. is the wierdest teacher I have ever meet. He takes a picture of you for attendance,asks for so much out of you and its only a GER! He shows off about were he went during his life and takes an awful too much about his adventures in the forest.Ok
Oh man, whats with the pink pants and the mullet. Those have gotta go. Other than that, JK4HB rocks!
Nice guy, lots of interestng knowledge. A little too much about his family and life. But he's getting me more interested in geography. Go ahead and take one of his classes.
His class is kinda tough if you dont do the work, but he is an o.k. guy. He likes to play corny music sometimes too. He has to be an x-hippie.
Professor Klinkner is a great professor. He pushed my academic boundaries this year far more than I ever could imagine. He was always accessible in his office to go over material, projects, or the notorious 20 page research paper with you. Very smart and funny. One issue i had was a lack of clear structure on the research paper.
Professor Klinkner is awesome. Really knows his stuff, and a very engaging lecturer. He is very fair about deadlines too, and accommodating if you don't feel like you will be able to get something in on time. Take a Klinkner class, he's a great guy who will brighten your day
Very smart and very focused, likes playing devil's advocate and does so very well. Write down everything he puts on the board. He doesn't call on people and tells you everything you need to know about the textbook and most of the readings. Good professor, very passionate and clear.
Great, engaging lecturer. Very helpful and approachable. Tests are fair but you must carefully read all readings, and go above and beyond for essays to get an A.
Very intelligent professor that is enthusiastic about teaching. He is a tough grader on your short essays, but that's only 20% of your grade. Take note of anything he writes on the whiteboard: they'll be ID's on the exams. Great at communicating concepts. He makes you re-think your prior political beliefs during discussion section (in a good way).
Very Very Smart Professor, definitely one of the smartest and worth taking despite how tough he is. He comes off as mean and conservative but he always plays devils advocate and is actually very passionate about race in American politics. Very realistic and doesnt BS. For APP, if you just write down everything he says, you will get a A for sure.
We don't use a textbook but instead read a lot of short readings. If you take good notes during class you will do well on the tests which are to the point.
Hard, but brilliant. Doesn't suffer fools well.
Very smart professor! Is an expert on American Politics and is a joy to learn from. At times he can be demeaning and attack students for comments they make, but he does it in a tough-love style. When he makes a comment about something you said, challenge him right back! He enjoys the back and forth, and you will learn a ton about debating!
Knows everything and will teach it to you if you let him. Look beyond his attitude, participate, go to see him, and you'll really like his class and learn a ton.
I had Dr. Gesink for Islam and it was great. I had a wonderful time discussing with other students in the class. There is a lot of homework though, but only 2 one page papers, and quizzes that can be completed as many times as you want until you get the grade you want. I would recommend this class to anyone!
Scarily smart and really intimidating. You definitely have to work for your grade in her classes. As a professor she's great, as an advisor is where I had problems with her. She didn't really seem all that interested in my future plans. Very cold, distant, and awkward in one on one situations.
Professor Gesink is awesome. She is very real, not at all fake. Great lectures. Very passionate about what she does. We had to write two papers for this class. They only had to be 2 1/2 - 3 pages in length each. Downside: A lot of reading, exams can be tough.
It is a shame she does not offer a seminar class. She is a great professor, so it sucks that half the class has to be her laughing off and dodging stupid comments from the peanut gallery rather than facilitating insightful discussions--which is clearly what she wants.
She is very smart, very helpful, very interesting, and very cultured, but her classes are very hard and you will have to devote a lot of time to them. You better be interested in the material if you're taking a class with her otherwise you won't have fun. I had a great experience in her class.
I think everyone else sums it up. She's a great teacher and makes it interesting. The quizzes are easy if you read. The papers are harder and so is the final if you just cram the night before.
Excellent Professor. One of the best history teachers I have ever had in my life. Moves seemlessly from era to era, civilization to civilization. Uses examples of the past that pertain to the future (and whatever you are currently reading in the book). Only gives quizzes out of the book: "The Human Record". Read that and you will ace quizzes!!
Dr. Gesink is passionate about his subject. The class was taken as an immersion. Lots of reading up front, daily homework and quizzes on previous days lecture. Very fair grader and if you pay attention, the quizzes are not bad. The final paper was interesting and only five pages long. I learned a lot in 5 days and I would not hesitate to take ano
She is a very good but demanding teacher. Her lectures can get kinda boring but you learn a lot. I really enjoy the class and think that she really know what she is talking about.
It's an awesome class.. I love the lectures.. she uses a bunch of diff. techniques and thats pretty awesome!
I am a biology major and have always hated history until her class. She's so interesting. I highly recommend her to non history majors.
She is an amazing professor, very helpful and professional
I had Dr. D for service learning and really enjoyed myself. It is a small class with a lot of open discussion. I became good friends with many of my classmates. I recommend POP Arts for you service hours, there is a lot of writing, but I did not find her to be a hard grader. If you are a decent writer you will be fine. The final is open book.
Her hair is a color which does not occur in nature, but other than that she's ok.
She is fun and educational. Her lectures are pretty interesting. The class is great, you play games, get to know lots of folks, and her papers are short and easy. Plus it's Writing and Oral intensive...why not kill 2 birds with one stone and get service hours???
Has a minimum B+ grade policy as not to embarrass the Honors Program as long as you submit something somewhat good. Very subjective. Trick: meet with him before you submit your essays and presentations and hell automatically give you 100
Corporate Accountability with Pava is a very easy, yet enganging course. It's half online/half in person. Weekly homeworks which are annyoing, but he is a very light grader. There's two group projects which are fun and engaging. Also a final paper at the end which must be very careful and detailed about. Some kids messed up on that paper. Easy A.
very chill...a little dry, but very nice and very easy, and he gives out many extra credit points on tests
great guy
Dr. Pava is a very nice guy, who loves to joke around. The course material is challenging, but he does his best to simplify the concepts, and narrow down which subjects must be read in the textbook. He is not the easiest of graders, but he is very generous in trying to give out extra credit points to boost your grade thorughout the semester. He giv
He knows and has done everything. Read and study his slides - especially his daily news updates. Great suits. Takes a while to get used to him but my favorite ICE teacher by the end of the first semester
This is class is excellent for those who want to learn about trading and those who've already got their heads into it. Lots of guest speakers, great readings (Market Wizards, NMW and Webb's book) and general news analysis. The class is less structured than the average investments or corp finance class, but you definitely learn tons.
I love this class and this prof.
Students either love him or hate him. White pushes students in a way that sometime borders on offensive, but, he is hands down the best ICE finance professor and he genuinely cares about all of his students. His class frustrated me to no end at times, but he is absolutely the most engaging professor I've had in the Comm School
White is an amazing professor. He definitely intimidated me at first, but I've learned a ton about Finance that I never would've otherwise. You'll learn so much without even realizing it in his class, especially compared to other blocks.
Interesting USEM, highly recommend it, few work although one long paper and presentation at the end. No tests or evaluations at all!!
HE CARES! Get to know him, it's worth it!!
The workload isnt too bad at the beginning of the semester but near the end it gets pretty heavy & requires a lot of attention which seems ridiculous that we do more work in a required 3 credit class than is done in her 4 credit class. Got a lower grade than Id wanted because she takes off points for late grading & something due every other night
There's many readings and writings involved but Prof. Mahaffey gives good feedback to guide you and is understanding by letting you work in class sometimes if there is a big portfolio or projects due for her class. You will also do Round Robin parlors where you sit and talk in a round circle for the assignments or hws. Easy A overall.
She gives annoying little assignments all semester and it only equals 15%. It is a completion grade. She crammed the biggest projects into the last month. For the final portfolio she requires 16 artifacts.. most professors require 8. You are forced to bs because you only have like 3-5 things that were more than just completion grades. she nice.
Half of the grade was purely participation -- if you do all of the assignments, you got a 95. The other 50% was from a final portfolio. She outlines all assignments and allows room for change if the class can agree that something isn't fair. She was really nice and fun to talk to!
Take this professor if any way possible. She is so helpful and really loves her students. Loved the class and have even went to her with questions about other classes.
Mrs. Mahaffey was a very laid-back teacher. The assignments primarily consisted of reflective writing--which is really easy. One of the easier classes I took all semester, even though it was accelerated.
This professor is brilliant and is passionate about teaching. You will do quite a bit of work in her class, but the units are very useful depending on what you want to teach when you leave.
Very good teacher and very supportive.
Cares a lot about his students. He is truely chose his career because he wants to be involved and educate students.
Is an incredible prof and person! How could anyone not love him!
Bruce makes everything interesting and personal. He cares and gives so much.
A great teacher who will make even survey literature courses interesting and fun. quizes are rough, but they help you keep up with the readings and after a while you'll start to expect what he will ask.
not exactly easy, those quizes can be rather random, but he's a great guy who makes clear expectations and cares about his students. he definitely makes class enjoyable. i would certainly recommend him as a professor to take if possible.
Awesome voice. Long lectures, approachable/nice and friendly, can't talk to him without getting a neck cramp!
Took medieval phil with him...was as clear as anyone can be with medieval phil...helpful, pretty easy tests, lenient with deadlines. Read the texts and participate in discussions and you'll get a huge amount from his class.
Dr.Stewart is great. He is so intelligent-follow what he says and take copious notes and you will be able to write your papers for him. Also a kind person-still waters run deep or something like that. Shows an interest in his students. Thanks!
She is very nice, and very smart. She sometimes struggles with the microphone or projector. However, if you listen to what she has to say about the subject matter, it is very clear and well communicated. Excellent professor. She is also a very nice person in general. She cares for her students.
Her lecture was crystal clear and everything, but GOD DAMN. However, online quizes, problem sets, AND labs that take hours to complete is a bit excessive, and a lot of it is unnecessary. After all these years in the department, I think she would have realized by now that this isn't our only class. Thank god this class is being replaced.
If you go to class and stay on top of the material, ECE 290 is not a hard class. It's just very time consuming. The class may be a lot of work, but it's not busy work, you learn a crap load. Hard class, but fair and very competent professor.
Very clear in what she says, but the exams and the homeworks are hard and you need to give it time to do well.
Overall a good professor. She was pretty clear in her presentation of the material and the exams are pretty consistent from year to year (read: use the practice exams!).
Quite helpful. Just go to office hours and all will be redeemed.
Great teacher! Very clear.
She only teachs the beginning half of the course
Great Lecturer for ECE 110. She does have a bit of an accent, but still easy to understand. The class will be much easier if you take it with Phys 212. Overall, not a hard class if you know your stuff. Oh yea, and the RA project is rough, but just throw something together.
ECE 110 is NOT an easy class, you're probably taking it because you have to. You'll be saving yourself a lot of headache and frustration by getting Brunet, she's the best 110 lecturer out of the three. She makes the class exciting by getting students involved. Only problem is that she comes of a rude and negative when you ask her questions.
Hands down the best of the 110 professors. Lectures are full of examples. Good teacher, really nice
She has a french accent, which sounds a bit strange at the beginning of the year. Overall, she is a great lecturer and is very through in making sure everyone understands the material. Many of students that had her say that she is one of the best professors in ECE 110. Also, if you want her to know you, just go to class early and sit in the front.
Very good professor. Easy to understand. Extremely helpful!
Great lectures, and slide handouts are very helpful. Tests can be confusing though.
Brunet was pretty decent overall. French accent took a few minutes to get used to but not a problem. Lab sucked though; boring and kept me from getting an A.
Brunet is a good prof overall. A little difficult to decipher her french accent at first, but by the end of the course you'll find yourself loving it.
The folks who've rated Brunet as "too hard" will not make it in ECE, pretty simply. Get her as your prof, and if you don't *like* 110, or like it but can't cut it, consider another major. Being frustrated or taking it out on Brunet won't help. (& mebbe just me, but haaa-ttah!)
By far the best teacher you can possibly have for ECE 110. Get her as your teacher!!! She doesn't appreciated smart-asses so be smart and don't ****her off. She teaches a complex subject very well.
She's an awesome advisor
She really helped me understand the material. There are a wide range of topics covered in ECE 110, too.
Borrinnngggg but hes a nice guy. If you like economic stuff you'll like the class and think its easy, if not you probably won't be such a fan. Go to office hours.
He is a bit on the boring side, but he does his best to make students understand the material. He's not entertaining and the classtime went SLOW. Overall, he was a good teacher.
not a bad prof...his lectures provided a good nap time for me...although he said he would sell my textbook for me.. and instead he just kept my 100 dollar book
Very helpful, easy tests
His lectures are interesting, you won't fall asleep in his lecture.
good teacher, clear and tells you what he wants and expects
She's a good professor, is understanding, fair & knows the material. Has a lot of white lib takes, was expecting more left-leaning understandings from a SOC teacher. If you're looking for more nuance, take transnational GWS. Going to class is helpful because she goes over the reading material. But you don't have to, she posts the slides.
She's nice but very clearly one-sided in the information she teaches. Do not take if you want to open your mind to various societal issues. She's going to tell you exactly how you need to think. If you disagree, you won't do well.
Best Class i've ever taken! Interesting material and the professor is just great. She is very nice and she will be glad to talk to you and assist you on anything needed. I wish she would teach other classes. You must take one of her awesome classes
Very easy class, in my opinion. There are a few online quizzes every few weeks but you can take them twice and it's open notes. She's interesting, I guess, but the class is mostly freshmen and athletes. It seemed like a lot of students didn't care about the class so it turned out to be pretty easy. Got a solid A.
Super easy class although you need to work hard for papers. The class is quite boring but prof is friendly and helpful.
One of Cal's better professors. She is kind and has a genuine desire to teach students the material. She doesn't make things unnecessarily difficult like some professors. The work is reasonable and buying the reader isn't necessary if you listen in lecture. I would rec her if you need a chill elective.
It's amazing how personal she can make a class of 200+ feel. She is really good at breaking things down.
Amazing professor. She is very nice and helpful. Her grading is very fair as well!
Really really nice, and trust me she makes it EASY for you to get an A by easy grading, easy tests (mc, and everything on the study guide). I think she said the first day jokingly that she wants to "add to grade inflation of students". So yes, definitely take this class if you want to fulfill your AC credit or are interested in sociology. :)
Highly recommend! She is such a sweet person. She has a great personality. Her humor and personal stories make class interesting. She supports all of her students. I wish I could have a class with her again.
good prof
The class is one of the easiest at Cal but you still learn a great deal. With Black Lightening, you basically don't need to attend a single class. Professor Kelsey is one of the nicest Professors around. Shes like your mother at college..but in a good way
Never taken economics in high school and I took the course as an electives. Best decision I made was to pick Avi as my prof and his methods of explaining are very understandable and the content is very interesting when he teaches it. The quizzes make sure that you have understood the content and you would be better off buying the textbook, flextext
Get the flextext and do all the questions as you can from that and youll do good. Also look at testbanks.
He actually makes his lectures engaging. The tests are fair if you pay attention in his lectures he's going to tell you what to focus on. His way of teaching economics is approachable even for non-majors.
Professor Avi Cohen is clear, concise, and always willing to explain or re-explain economic concepts to his students. However, beware of his tricky tests, as they are designed to MAKE YOU THINK, not necessarily for you to do well. Professor Cohen's classes are NOT easy As, so keep that in mind. Anyway, his lectures are great and I recommend him.
If you are thinking about taking his Econ1900 class, good choice. It's a lot of work, but the more simple effort you put into the class, the higher your mark. His tests are 90% straight forward with a few tricks. If you're not lazy you should be fine!
speaks well. articulates information and presents it clearly. there is not a lot of material to the course, but some of the content can be challenging, especially on tests. study hard, and you should do well. the course really isn't all that difficult. you just need to really know the concepts to do well.
You'll never ask a question without getting a good answer. <3
a very good teacher and i mean a real teacher not just a man with a prof tag on his chest. his key features are clarity and preparedness. he will always teach you the concepts that u will need the most. one of the best econ man in york
Very good professor! He teaches really well and makes the subject matter very interesting. If you do the work, you're bound to ace the course! I aced both Micro and Macro Economics with him =)
online quiz is largely a gift
Best professor ever. I honestly don't think I will meet a professor as good as Cohen EVER AGAIN! Everything you will ever look for in a prof, Cohen has it.
Great Prof! Makes economics as interesting as it can possibly be. Great course structure in that you can view all lectures online. definately buy the study guide as this is where he gets most of his test questions from. do all the questions and you'll do well in the course.
great prof
Great Prof, loved the online lectures. Very organized, use the old tests and quizzes that he gives to get an easy A.
I took this course in my 1st year....he's really clear and nice... but his tests ARE HARD!!!!
IF Ur thinkin of majoring in ECON or learning about econ TAKE COHEN. i must say hes DAMN HARD but hes also fair and the best teacher u will probably encounter in university. knows his material and is very interesting. take cohen and u wont be sorry ( unless u fail that is)
Simply the best prof i had! Changed my attitude(or no attitude) toward economics copletely. Tests are not easy, shows interest. I wish all Yorku profs were like that
this is very good that i can watch his lecture at home by internet
Intellectually dishonest. He knows most of what he is teaching is BS. But in this he is a good neoclassical economist.
Very nice and down-to-earth prof. Opportunity to watch course online or see it live. Practically gives away marks for online quiz completion. Tough exams, but a fair marker. Allows for mark upgrades if necessary. Hated the course, but loved the prof.
Great Prof... the classes were set up great with the online lectures. That benefited everyone, along with his good teaching method, it made the class enjoyable...although his exams were hard...
great prof! all lecture notes posted online. very clear prof, repeats if necessary. although his tests arevery hard, u can a acheive a high mark through studying the tests from previous years he posts online plus the STUDY GUIDE. all mp straight from study guide!
great prof. Eventhough his tests are very hard and he is a hard marker, it is worth to take his class. He helps you when you need help and you will never fall asleep in his class.
very good prof keep up wit ur lectures and readings u should do well
easy to get a great mark
pretty good teacher because makes concepts qquite clear in lectures
Makes things clear.
He has created a website for the course. that is very helpful. he cares about the students in that sense.
Makes economics easier, very helpful, tries to create an easy to learn environment lots of visuals.
best prof so far!
Great Prof. Explains really well but his multiple choice are very tricky.
Great teacher, very informative and insightful. Never have to show up to class with online lectures available. A bit of a jerk and tests are kind of tough but you'll learn a lot and don't have to worry about missing a lecture.
He really knew his stuff, but he was hard to get a hold of
Prof. Paul's lectures were special since he drew out many examples rather than reading off the slides. They did feel a bit slow at times, but he certainly has the passion. Based our entire grade off of 3 tests and final which kinda sucks, but no assignments. His tests are pretty fair, but he'll curve if the test average is low. Overall, great guy.
Teaches fast, rambles through the textbooks, expect assignments, honest (admits that there were some questions on the tests that he did not taught well), waste no time (when there's time left, he goes on to the next section). Overall he is one of the best professor who tries to make a difficult concept easier to learn. Able to answer any questions.
Math Profs at York University are poor at teaching. Prof Szeptycki isn't. He's a fair marker and his testsassignmentexams are incredibly fair. He tells you what topics he will focus on for the ExamMid-term and that simply makes him a great personteacher. Overall just a great Math prof unlike most Math profs at York University.
Very competent professor, excellent for pure math courses. Makes difficult concepts seem manageable. Is patient with students and doesn't overwhelm with too-difficult assignments. Still, this is a proofs course, and requires a lot of independent study. But, in the end, you will have learned a great deal of challenging math.
Good prof !
seriously, a REALLY AMAZING prof!!! Math is not easy for me, but I can safely say he's been my best/favourite math instructor ever. He's very helpful, He wants you to do well and he's really passionate. also funny! highly reccommended!!
Had him for 1090, 1013 and 1014. Amazing prof. By far one of the best I've had in 7 years of University. Clear, organized and fair. Not easy material, but he makes it very possible to do well if you know how to work hard. Highly recommended.
Moves through material like lightning! Hold on, or you'll be lost. Overall A++
He reads off slides and sounds monotone but if you pay attention to what he is saying you will see that he explains pretty well. He is organized and gives a lot of past exams to practice off which makes getting an A+ easy. He is very helpful during office hours and replies to emails. Take 1310 with him, NOT 1300 cuz his 1300 tests are much harder.
Very good prof. He is in his office all day and he is always willing to help. He does mumble in class and appears to talk to the board sometimes, but he is understandable if you pay attention (which saves reading time). The first two exams were very easy and the last one was fair. He also bell curves a lot which officially makes him an easy prof.
TIPS: Do the work from the student manual instead of the text. The text is more of a reference (it describes things in extreme detail) Only go to the textbook when looking for exercise problems to do or, you are interested in the derivations of various formulas (DERIVIATIONS/PROOFS ARE NOT ON THE TESTS). He is helpful and responds to emails.
he's smart,and know how to teach
Best University Prof yet!
would SURELY FAIL if he didn't raise the class average and got a c+ ,nice guy
Excellent Prof
Knows his stuff and makes it very easy to understand.
Raises grades on everything, but his text sucks.
he is kind of helpful. i got in his class he is easier than most other teachers so yea.
I also took COSC 3301 (Programming language fundamentals) with him. He's very passionate about the subjects he teaches and most of the time his lectures go by quickly.
Great guy... Had a lot of fun learning with him...
I wish I could have him as my prof for every math course I take. He's very theatrical when he lectures and makes it easy to stay focused. He grades based on your ability to understand concepts rather than your ability to memorize proofs. The class isn't easy but he is very fair in his tests and marking
Compare to other department, math profs are awesome.
Difficult test requires proficiency and understanding. He comes prepared but still sometimes confused people. Easily tell that he is not specialized in prob and 2030 is not a easy course though.
Very nice professor. Can be very hard to listen to as he talk very slowly and can be repetitive at times. Other than that you can rely on him for any help you need. However, you must go to him for the help
This guys awesome, enthusiastic.. about math.
very good
He was my substitute teacher for a while. He's better than my original prof. He's nice and able to help. I love his style of teaching... but don't know difficulty of exams/ tests. Cannot give comments at this point.
I enjoyed
He'll challenge you for sure, HARD tests
He goes quickly, but is incredibly clear and thorough.
Hard, sometimes hand-wavy, but VERY nice and helpful.
Natalia is very calm and her class is very discussion based. it is challenging but interesting!
I've taken about three classes with Natalia, and she's awesome. She's extremely nice, sometimes too nice, but she cares about the craft and cares about your work as well. Is extremely helpful and is pretty much always happy and willing to hear people out on everything. Very good with critical feedback so long.
more like an older sister than a professor
Dont take notes- he will send you them (they are long and detailed:make sure you study them AS YOU HE SENDS-very helpful when it comes exam time). Exams are difficult-study hard-email him questions (fast, helpful responses). DEF do extra credit-helps a ton! 2 exams and final count the same. my grades: 68, 92, 83; final grade w/ E.C. was A-
The class itself is very tough as it is an upper level course. Don't bother taking notes in class because he will email them. They are very long but it covers exactly what is on the test. He is hard to hear so go to review sessions where he more clearly describes concepts. The tests are hard but only worth 23 of the grade. Take him!
Hirshfield is awesome. People come in this class expecting it to be a breeze. Although this class IS easy, it doesn't mean you don't have to study. He emails everyone study guides and class notes, which make things so much simpler. If you just read and study what he gives you you'll do fine. Just don't NOT study.
This class is just like bio 2000 with the addition of a few extra microbial concepts. His tests are straightfoward: true/ false, MC, and short answer questions. If english is your 2nd language the true and false may be a little tricky. Just study his notes/ go to the review sessions, and there is no reason everyone shouldn't attain an A.
He is an amazing professor. Yes, he's super old and lacks energy...but his notes are awesome! You have to push yourself to go to class and write what he says! His exams are difficult but not hard to ace if you study! Honestly, one of the only good biology professors left at SJU!
What can I say alot of work but never had to go to class. Straight from the review sheets. Attend all his review sessions and pay attention cuz he gives out answers to questions that will appear on the exams
Sweet little old man! Very Helpful
This guy knows his information. If u want to do good in this class make sure you read the chapters in detail because his questions are VERY detailed on the test. Tests are TRICKY! His format is T/F, mult choice and essay. He is willing to help.
Really a great guy...exams were hard, and there really was a lot of reading, even if he told you exactly what to study. He pretty much knows everyone in the class and he does care about his students' progress, and you can tell he wants you to do well.
he's a great professor. really cares about his students. will go out of his way to help you if you need it. the material is a little difficult and sometimes his teaching is a little confusing. tests are straight from his notes.
he tries to help through review classes and study guides and he's nice but his tests are alittle hard. goes straight by the book. not that bad of a professor
Everyday she will teach us a new lesson and is very helpful when students have questions. She has a quiz every Monday and a competency quiz every Wednesday. Homework is collected every Monday so you have a week to complete 3-4 sections of homework. Exams play a huge role in your grade but she is willing to help out if there is time after class.
Doing the homework is critical, as it is in any math course. Prof. Smith is willing to go over problems and answer any questions students have. She is very enthusiastic about teaching and interacts with the students well. Great math teacher!
You honestly don't need a textbook just study your notes and take them diligently. She goes pretty slow and works out every SINGLE step in a problem. Her tests are hard if you didn't study enough and skipped class. Don't be shy to ask questions but she is a little mean if it's a question she answered 2 secs before. i just suck at math in general
LOTS OF WORK!!! took her class but had to drop. couldnt keep up with lots of hw EVERY night and a quiz EVERYDAY! good luck
He's retiring this year is what he says, after 42 years of teaching. He's the best coach I've ever had, and he always makes great jokes. He offers a lot of information for a 1 unit class, which is pretty darn great. Thanks Coach Trestrail.
Makes you buy his $35 weight training book for SOFTBALL. Book was written in the mid-80's, seems outdated. Coach can be a nice guy most of the time but sometimes acts like a jerk. Very demanding of his advanced students. Plays favorites. Forgets what he says and repeats himself a lot. If you do something you have to remind him over and over.
I took his softball class, it was extremely fun helped me get my confidence back up work on my technique. 2 easy tests Really sweet guy .
He teaches a 1 unit class and makes you take tests. How stupid! He gives way too much information for a 1 unit class. Don't take his class if you don't want to take a test for weight training.
Good guy with a great attitude. Don't be a jerk and he won't treat you like one. Work out when you're in the weight room, read his textbook and study the short list of muscles and bones and you'll be fine.
I cannot speak for Dr. Bevan's non-Honors classes, but her Honors class was really enjoyable and not much work. She assigns a lot of reading, but most of the class does not actually do them. But you will get more out of the class if you DO read what she assigns, and she chooses interesting books articles. She is really nice and really helpful.
Prof Bevan is a nice person but not a very good teacher. She's more interested in talking about the days NY Times than actually being productive. We covered very little ground, discussed topics only vaguely before moving on, and generally have pretty boring classes. Still, she has a very sweet personality. Thank god the readings are good.
Great teacher, interesting, although off topic at times. She really strives to help her students do well, and should get credit as one of the only YU professors who does.
Aiken is the best teacher ever. If you want to really learn about the subject then take it with Aiken. He talks and it's a discussion type set up but you learn alot. He gives interesting examples and is very understanding. He makes it a really comfortable setting for you to talk and just sit in and listen. Take him whenever you get the chance. =]=]
Amazing teacher! he really make u think! the books are ehh but the things that he makes u think about are just WOW! not much work is this class just a lot of thinking and reflecting on everything! Take him hes great!
An interesting guy. Class itself is not difficult and as long as you attend regularly, you should have no problems. A good class to use to balance a difficult schedule because it is not very time consuming. Aiken grades very fair (basically you get the grade for the amount of work you put in)
All i have to say is that he is one of the greatest professors i have ever had. he is very interesting, and he WILL make you think. very eccentric, but it makes lectures fun...awesome professor...take him if you can!!!
great teacher extremly interesting!
I think he is an absolutely BRILLIANT man. I felt that it was pretty hard for me to understand some things though because I had no background in the subject. However, I learned more about life from him than about the class subject matter. Amazing professor.
One of the coolest professors you will run into at Ferris. Come to class do some group quizzes and you will actually want to discuss philosophy topics outside of class. A little too much stuff due at the end, but this class is great.
Dr Aiken will open your mind to a world you never knew.
Aiken is an incredibly easy prof. A little redundent, a little condescending, but if you know it's not directed at you-it's just as amusing for you as it is for him. lol I hate the text he chose for the class -rudimentary and not really college level. If you really have an interest in philosophy don't expect this class to meet your expectations. If you need an easy A and an amusing prof, this is your class. Since I'llbe taking more philosophy classes, I truely hope the higher level classes are a lot meatier
i loved this teacher. he has a habit of going off on tangents, but hes amusing. really knows what hes talking about and has a lot of passion for the subject. no homework in this class. a few papers at the end of the semester, most of the tests are taken in groups. wants everyone to get an A
Really smart, very funny, he makes class fun.
I loved the class and would recomend it, he has a lot of knowledge and has a different teaching style
Great class, great teacher. He totally cares about the students, and he's super fun!
whoa...best teacher i have had in a long time. he is by far one of the funniest. every class i wonder what crazy, off the wal stuff he's gonna say next. i woul definitely recommend taking this class...its great!!!
He is a really great teacher. He makes you think you are not expected to all know the exact same thing. He is open to how everyone sees things. But their are days when he starts talking and you really can't get him. But thats okay you don't have too
go to clas get good grade...no tests!!!! fun and interesting
He is a cool, smart guy; I would like to hang out and chat with him sometime.
Mrs. Westhoven is a very unique person to say the least. If you need a biology class, take environmental biology. When you go to lab, all you need to do is copy what she has on the board and you get an A. She is very easy to listen to, and the tests are quick and easy as well. Overall, she is a great teacher to get you through your gen eds.
This professor is very clear & laid back. She offers many extra credit opportunities. Attendance is mandatory, she will take points off for missing labs/lectures. Lectures are boring, but this class is an easy A. The tests are always 50 multiple choice questions & not all of the questions are directly from lectures; it helps to read the textbook.
While the lectures and labs tend to drag, and she has a little bit of an odd sense of humor, she's not too bad of a professor. Class is super easy, I skip lecture all the time or just don't pay attention, and still had a 97% midterm. Tests online, so pretty much are open book. Quite accommodating as long as you give her the heads up.
VERY passionate about her work. also very nice. dry sense of humor that, if you appreciate, you will enjoy. everythings online, lectures are really boring but kinda interesting. take her.
Easiest A ever!!! She gets really annoying though. And her jokes are dull at best, but it is a very easy class with little homework.
shes very passionate at what she does,, really easy going as well. Just go to the labs and you will get perfect on every lab which will bring your mark up.. tests are all online,, she offers extra credit,, lectures can be boring,, but overall good class
Easy class, single handedly brings up my GPA. Westhoven is crazy and makes for a laugh every class. Be a smart ass to her and she will love you. Just make sure you go to class on thursdays cuz she usually has quizzes, but sit in the front and you can read the quiz while she is teaching. Tests are all online and you always get out of lab early.
Go to SI and Lab, and get an A
Super easy. Go to the study session and get the study guide and that is the test. Easiest A I ever got. She's kinda cooky, but fun.
great prof... be careful though he knows what he is talking about and isnt afraid to say it.
Challenge but its worth it, you learn a lot.
He's hardcore, ex cia ****, ran a nucular bunker in west germany. Don't mess with the cb deputy
Wineman explains concepts well and is adorable and entertaining. You definitely don't want to miss lecture - he teaches in depth so you don't have to read the book. Just make sure to take notes as he talks - sometimes his handwriting is hard to read. You'll want to work on homework in the ME help room.
Do not take ME 211 without this guy. By far easiest ME 211 professor.
Offers good explanations and examples and keeps the class engaged. Sometimes he works through things pretty quickly and if you miss it, you're out of luck because his handwriting is near illegible (can't believe no one has mentioned this). Very helpful in office hours. Homeworks are terrible but if you can get through the homework, tests are easy.
His ME 311 is really easy. It is not just because the 311 itself is not hard, but his explanation s are really clear. He very funny and smart. Review sections are really helpful. Nice teacher with patience explain everything clearly. Really recommend to take his class.
Great prof, definitely the best for ME211. Has the easiest exams of all of the 211-profs bc he tests on the basic material and doesn't try to trick. Very laid-back, approachable, knowledgeable, and funny.
This man is a wacko. He is hilarious, and loves to make tons of puns and witty jokes. Other than that, he does know his stuff, but it still does seem that you learn the material better from discussion.
helpful, nice guy
If you take very good notes and listen very well and come on time, you'll do well. However, if you're just taking this for core and don't really care, it's going to be a tough semester. If you don't do well on the midterm, he lets you do an extra credit paper, but it only counts for something if you do sort of well on the final. Take with caution.
dont make the fatal mistake of thinking your cousins tests in classical jewish history from two yrs ago will get you thru this course (like i did). although i didnt do well on the tests, he was super nice. I did an extra credit paper and spoke to him all the time abt how hard i am trying, and improved my C test avg to an A - for the semester.
good teacher, boring, but fair- do old tests to study for midterm, nice man really loves what he does, recommended
really nice, tests are a little tricky but he lets you do a paper if you dont do well and will give a good grade
Very knowledgeable and clear lecturer. Gives difficult assignments, but is helpful and if you do them you will learn a lot. Overall nice guy.
relatively clear, informative lecture. The first test is tricky, but once you get used to the style, very manageable.
Watters is super funny and a really chill professor. He is super easy to talk to and really wants to help in and outside of class. The course content isn't difficult there is just a lot of it. I would say the tests are difficult but if you actually study there is no way you get below a B. You can get over 100 on his quizzes. Highly recommend.
Dr. Watters was a great professor but as a side note, I am biased because I love U.S. history in the first place. He provides his great knowledge of the subject along with funny jokes to keep you engaged. But, t is crucial that you pay attention and study well for all quizzes and tests to do good in class. I would take another class with him.
Professor Watters teaches in a lecture format and is very old school when it comes to technology. All of the material on the exams comes from his lectures, so be sure not to miss class as he doesn't post them. There are 3 exams, along with quizzes for every non-exam class so it is imperative to pay attention. Overall he is a nice and caring person.
Dr. Watters is a genuinely caring individual. If you show up and take notes then you should be fine. The tests are rather long and he does have pop quizzes every class but he is funny and very thorough when it comes to his notes. He doesn't use TCU online, but regardless is accessible when you need him.
Wes Watters is a really funny prof. I took a night class which was probably a mistake because it's hard to sit through 3 hours of lectured history, but I'm glad I did because he is a great teacher and class was easy. He gives tons of extra credit that improved my grade by a letter. Quizzes every class, so reread your notes before to get good grades
Take notes every class and show up to every class. If you show up to every class he will give you 10 EC points. Go to office hours if you have any questions regarding the material. He will let you look over your tests in office hours, which helps before the final, and provide what you needed to include in your short answer to get full points
Watters is very helpful when you're having questions about tests. The class is not bad as long as you read what he tells you to and actually study. His tests are a combo of multiple choice and fill in the blank. Also, he tries to make the class interesting and you can tell that he genuinely loves what he's teaching.
Really good teacher. I took him for a night class and even though it is 3 hours long, he keeps it interesting and is really funny. If you show up to every class you get 10 extra credit points which is huge. The material is not hard, just a lot of memorization. EASY B, tough A but definitely doable. I highly recommend taking him for US history
He's a great guy, provides a lot of extra credit opportunities. He's funny but his class can become a little dull. I took his night class, and a three hour lecture can be very...long. But it is easy if you study. I was never a history person and this class is probably my favorite this semester.
Quizzes are based on lecture notes, gives you a review for your test, which you fill out based off your notes and some reading from the books. Kinda funny, and nice guy. Get extra credit for making every class
he rocks
He is a pretty hilarious guy. Just take notes and study for the quizes very week and you will be fine. If I needed another history credit I would take his class again!
Pretty nice guy, if you talk to him he will basically do anything to help you. Tests are pretty hard and require you to memorize a bunch of stuff. Overall i would say he is an easy B and a somewhat challenging A. Definetely recommend taking him.
Great teacher. Very easy class. I think that's how he wants it to be. Take as a night to pad your GPA.
He is so nice! If you show up to his class on time and are prepared your fine. He likes to tell random stories so just smile and nod. On days after the projects are announced, they are workdays... just show up for the first 10 min, then you can leave. Its a really easy class. i loved it
He is the sweetest man you will ever meet. He truly cares about his students both in and out of class. He sometimes forgets to explain things but just ask him if you don't understand and he's more than willing to help! He wants you to do well!!
really nice!
He is a wonderful person, a real pleasure to know - but not the most focused teacher. I feel bad for him because students take advantage of his niceness and generosity.
He is incredibly bright and obviously knows what he is talking about. The content of the course is difficult, but if you are willing to put in the time and effort Alan will most certainly help you.
Overall, Prof. Rosenwasser is a good teacher. Very interesting class, you learn a lot cool stuff. 4 exams almost completely over lecture/powerpoint material. Study and know the material well if you expect a good grade.
Great class, pretty interesting stuff. The book is only to backup the material from class so you just need to know his powerpoints and what he says in class. Tests are mostly multiple choice. I took it for the biological psych requirement for the major and it was worth it.
Nice guy, but seems rather... insecure? He definitely knows his stuff, though, and doesn't waste much time w/ stupid people. I did well and he recognized me for it which I found very nice. Recommend if you're at least half intelligent.
Hint (at least for 465) Study lecture notes and slides. Does not test from book.
Course would have been perfect if people had SHUT UP during lab
he is nice and the topic interesting but the tests are killers
Friendly lady and really loves her plants. Class was mandatory but everything she said was right off the slides so she could have posted them and you'd learn the same thing. Lab was included in grade and was a lot of work and studying.
Very sweet lady. Helpful and clear, but unfortunately won't be teaching BIO 200 any longer.
One of my favorite teachers I've had a DePauw. She is very passionate about history and you can definitely tell through the class discussions. Reading is a must because all of the tests and class participation is based off of it. A lot of writing assignments, but they are helpful. If anything is unclear a simple email to her clears everything up.
She is really kind and helpful. Sometimes the lecture and discussion can be disorganized, but overall taking her class is really enjoyable. She grades on efforts, if you work hard and visit the office hour you will be good. No matter you are a history major or not, her class is absolutely worth taking.
Professor Steinson is awesome! She is so enthusiastic about what she teaches. Her lectures are unorganized & the reading can be ridiculous one week & virtually non-existent the next but if you skim you'll be fine. She is willing to help with anything too. Tests are long but she gives study guides. Very sweet & understanding too! Take her class!
Very enthusiastic about History! Tests are difficult and long and she is a picky grader. Lots of reading and she likes to see marked and highlighted pages for in-class discussions.
Lots and lots of reading! Simple writing assignments about every week (usually around 3-4 pages)Two main papers and two tests plus the final. Grades pretty hard on the major tests and papers. She knows her history though, and is one of my favorite professors.
Lots of reading and writing. Short writing assignments (2-4 pages) about every week. Pretty difficult grader on the bigger papers and the essay-based tests. Wonderful professor though.
Very enthusiastic. Definitely recommend for students who LIKE history. A lot of reading and writing assignments but if you keep up with the class it's not hard to get an A.
An intense professor, but excellent. She KNOWS her stuff and is excited about it. Lots of class readings, but it's for the student's own good. Grading is not as difficult as it could be. Papers can be confusing, but easy to write once started. Don't skip class - she will/can/does mark down. Very resourceful and is very helpful in/outside of class.
I've really gotten into the material she's presented, and our class discussions are really interesting. Her enthusiasm for history is contagious! Lots of reading and writing, but you'll learn a lot. The only drawback is I think the class moves at a too-fast pace.
Among my favorite Honors Professors. Like others said, he requires more and longer papers, and you really have to do the reading. if you do your part tho, the discussions are always rewarding. he's very fair, usually light-hearted, and you will learn a lot. rumor has it he can be bribed with Jameson Irish Whiskey, but we never succeeded.
besides a lot of reading the workload is veyr reasonable, an easy guy to talk to, he'll do what he can to help, personable, and flexible, I'd recommend him
A true educator, who practices what he preaches.
Jim was awesome. He's missed very much already!
Jim is easily one of the best teachers I've ever had and I miss him already.
nice guy, funny, very interesting
cool guy, interesting
I took forensics with him, it is honestly the best science gen ed ever. He is always doing something new and often bizarre, so it's always entertaining. Tests are not a problem as long as you study the slides he posts, and if you get an A on all 3 you don't have the take the final! Great class, highly recommend
This was the most fun class I have ever taken. Professor brought his brother in to get him impaired in front of us, smeared own blood all over the walls,and many other cool things. Never a dull moment. Tests were average. Very passable. Worthwhile for sure.
Very interesting class. Make sure to study for the exams though. They cover a lot of material and are harder than you expect them to be.
I really enjoyed the content of the class, but I wish there was some sort of study guide for the tests. I also wish the assignments were on the syllabus so then I could have worked them around my other classes. Overall, a great class and I am really glad I took it!
Really good and caring professor. Content was rough at times but it was taught well. The class was fun!
Very intelligent. Really interesting class. He actually teaches instead of just lectures. Can be a wise-ass but it adds to his charm.
Good professor, easy to understand and he doesn't drone on and on. Only class I never skipped that semester.
Amazing class. Definatly worth taking. Very organized, clear, and not at all difficult. Read the powerpoints and read the book and this class won't be that difficult. Plus he's a really funny guy.
Irv is definitely the man. Go to all of the review sessions before the tests, they will help you immensely, he pretty much tells you what will be on the tests. His class is a great way to take care of a gen-ed, and is a truely interesting class. If you can, take it!
YAY!
great sense of humor mixes it up, such a smart guy, too and it's just a great class that's interesting to take, i recommend it just to listen to his stories, ha
Great professor. Sharp wit. Tests can be difficult if you don't study. Not afraid to mess up in front of us. Very helpful. Can't fall asleep in class. Too interesting. If you do somehow fall asleep, prepare to be startled awake.
This class was really interesting and Irv was a good teacher. He did have dick days, where you definitely didnt want to show up late or fall asleep, other then that overall great teacher.
This guy knows his stuff and is entertaining. Just don't fall asleep in class!
Irv is a unique individual. to demonstrate blood spatter analysis, he went the extra mile and spattered his own blood on the wall. other demonstrations were very helpful in driving the point home. intellectual with a sharp wit.
he in kinda full of himself, but he's a good professor
Great Professor, if you are not planning on doing any of the work it takes to earn a grade...DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS! but if you are willing to do the reading, attend the classes and aren't thin skinned then Dr. Pierce's class is enjoyable.
Dr. Pierce is NOT as bad as he seems in these reviews. Take good notes, pay attention and go to class and you will be fine.
Didnt care for him at first, but really enjoyed his class when i went, he has a weird way of teaching that ends up being kinda funny if you like corny jokes at all, just study before test and you'll do fine in his class, test are not hard at all
Pierce is one of my favorite proffessors- extremely interesting, puts things into different perspectives. He may offend some people with his language and lack of compassion for ppl that **** or are lazy.
Take it during the summer it's an easy A. Keep the quizes and tests and you'll ace the class.
I really like him. It is a pretty easy class. I got a B without buying a book
Not the easiest teacher, but just do your work and participate in class and you should do well.
Took his logical reasoning class as an elective. One of the best classes and best professors at Tarleton. You think you are going to memorize and regurgitate some facts? YOU WILL NOT. You actually have to think and use your mind in this class. Loved it. Got the highest grade. The logical reasoning skills you will acquire from this class rock.
He is a very good teacher for a very difficult subject. My advice for his class would be show up, take notes, and read the assignments. He may seem rude but its his sense of humor so do not take it the wrong way
many say he will shoot down opinions different from his but not necessarily if they are well thought out and developed he will however play the devils advocate and question EVERYTHING you assert if you know him or have had him more than once you will know its bc he loves Plato and the Socratic Method His classes were great prep for law school Thanx
I took this class a while back and can now say: Students who read the texts, listen well to the lectures, and get involved in the conversation will be thinking about the concepts discussed in Prof Clifford's class for the rest of their lives.
We studied Gadamer's "Truth and Method" NOT EASY. NOT IN THE LEAST. But, Dr. Clifford, though not totally clear, was not totally impossible. His classes are not easy, but thats not because he is a bad professor. He expects you to learn the material. Though his standards are very high, he is by all means a good man.
Best teacher at Tarleton by far. Has minimum expectations of students like removing hat in the classroom, read the book, study, don't talk while others are speaking. (pretty elementary stuff) But the class is rigorous (think two hours a night reading/studying) but well worth the effort. You read some of the best philosophical works ever written, y
I've taken ever class Dr. Clifford offers at TSU. I firmly believe that his courses should be required for all students as you learn much more than is stated in the course description. From reading these reviews, I would say many of you missed the point. If you're always about the grade and never about the content, you should skip this professor.
I loved his class! It's not a blow off class, but it's worth taking.
LOVE Dr C. He is brilliant!! The only people who do not like him are those too stupid to understand the challenges of his class or his great sense or humor.
Thank god Clifford is at Tarleton. I love his classes and he's so interesting to listen to. He's got a tough exterior but he's such an awesome man. I'd encourage anyone that enjoys a challenge to sign up for his classes.
Dr C is AWESOME. You ahve to love his dry humour!!!
She demands for you to be serious in your observations on the stories you read. Whatever she says or a detail she agrees on from another student, WRITE It DOWN! Always take notes on what you read on your own and what you discuss in class. Don't say dumb stuff and don't talk to the person next to you. If you have a question, you must ask her.
I really Enjoyed the class. I'm not good at English, but needed a credit so I took Intro to Literature. The class is not a blow off, but if you do the readings and pay attention/take notes in class, you can easily pass. She explains everything so well. She doesnt take attendance, but it is more beneficial to go. Overall loved the class!
I went to class everyday except one, but she makes it out like she cares about attendence but never took that into consideration. I got a D+ so I'm having to retake it. only does quizzes every other book. I knew all of the material but her test are only essays and if they are wrong you fail...no extra credit. very nice lady...but is a tough grader
Good teacher...KNow what shes talkign about.....has a sense of humor...
Tough teacher... grades papers and essays pretty hard... I managed a B in the class, but I worked my butt off for it. She loves discussion, so if you're not into that and like speaking out in class, I would take someone else.
She's a very good teacher. I enjoyed her class and her discussions. Speak out in class and you will make a great grade.
I enjoyed her class a lot. She was always prepared and knew her stuff so well. If you are going to take her, she likes a lot of participation, so don't just be a warm body. You have to work and contribute to the class discussions.
He is a good prof, he made the lecture material seem quite simple. However, he always puts questions on his finals which are not in the class notes so you're going to have to read the textbook. He always tells you that as long as you read the notes you'll do good but that isn't true. Make sure you read the textbook, especially before the final!!
I've had Tracey for both Econ 201 and 203, receiving an A+ in both courses. I really like Tracey's clear teaching style. His lectures can seem slow at times, but that's because he respects the fact that not everyone may be up to speed on certain concepts (like algebra). He is a very caring prof at heart and wants people to do well. Read the book!
Tracey was a good prof, none of his notes are online so you have to attend his lectures to get them as he teaches some of the concepts in different ways. He explains concepts slowly and in a simple way making them easier to understand. Downside being that exam questions were a little more in depth and he doesn't supply practice questions.
The lectures are straightforward and its easy to understand but Tracey teaches the bare minimum. To do well you'll have to read the textbook and find practice quizzes/test online (he doesn't post any practice tests). The assignments and midterm are super easy if you go to the lectures but the final is brutal and its worth 50%.
Tracey is an amazing professor, and genuinely wishes his students to be doing well in class. His in-class notes help with studying for the final and the midterm. If you study the study guide notes given by Tracey you will ace the final, the final exam is a little tricky but if you study you will be fine.
Peter is grumpy, but is actually a great prof. His lectures cover what you need to know and he is very clear in lecture. He isn't the most patient guy, but as long as you attend class and pay attention you will be fine. Beware that the final is much more difficult than the painfully easy midterm!
Peter is a great prof and makes boring Econ seem interesting. Make sure you go to class, because he only tests off of what he teaches. He also covers things not in the textbook. Beware on his tests, I find his instructions very vague and a little confusing.
He comes across as a curmudgeonly old dude, but he's actually hilarious as long as you are respectful during class. He says you don't really need the textbook, but read it - it helps you better understand the concepts that he covers in the notes. Easy midterms, very tough final. Warning: Stay off your phone!
Greatest of all time. Although Economics gets extremely hard in the 300/400 levels, this prof makes it clear as crystal for his students :) Class attendance is however mandatory, and just reading the book is no good
The only Econ prof who will make you want to go to lectures. Uses great examples that are clear and concise, and the bonus is that those exact examples will reappear on midterms/final. He also doesn't make you buy mindtap which is a bonus!
Tracey is a great prof if you're looking for easy marks. He gives out exam questions (final and midterm) like candy and throws free marks at you. I really enjoy his class because of this and that he usually ends early but still covers all the course material. He is very understanding and nice. He hates cellphones.
Tracey is far by the best Econ prof! You can pass this class without going to class as long as you get the notes from one of your friends because he doesn't post notes online. He usually gives out free answers to the final exam and midterms. If you take this class with him, it's an easy A.
Pay attention in class, write notes, and put your cellphone away, you'll ace it.
Midterms are easy! Final is very hard. Peter gives some answers for exams in class. If you skip, you won't pass. Good Prof, but inaccessible out of classrooms. Answers the questions asked in class only. Tough Final, totally different than the midterms. Midterms are more math based and final is a lot of theory.
Mr. Tracey is crystal clear with his expectations. If you go to every class, take good notes and and review them well (plus read the textbook a little), then this class is a guaranteed A. The one thing is that he doesn't hold office hours, so you must ask them during class.
Nothing I can say that hadn't been said... There final caught me off guard I just needed more time...
Tracey is a great guy and have taken several classes with him. This year though, his teaching level has went down considerably not to mention the brutal final exams. Studied hard, went into the final with an A+ to end up with a B overall in the course.
Peter Tracey was an amazing professor. His lectures are clear and concise, however notes aren't posted to D2L, but the textbook we used was extremely easy to follow in case you needed to review something. He's hilarious in a self-aware grouchy old man way and he often gives information from the midterm/final ahead of time, sometimes even answers!
Very easy A prof! Hilarious and clear on grading criteria.
Very easy A prof! Hilarious and clear on grading criteria. Pretty interesting material.
He is very detailed in his class notes and makes it very clear what to expect on the midterm and final. Attending class is critical!
If you have common sense, you'll probably get an A. I however, do not have this common sense. He gives out some midterm and final answers out in class. In fact, some midterm questions ended up being on the final! He only teaches the basic rudimentary understanding of concepts so I don't recommend him for if you're going to study ECON in the 300 lvl
FINAL WAS BRUTAL!
He is a great teacher, if you go to class he'll give you test answers which either calms you, or makes you lazy. He is a minimalist teacher, meaning he'll provide the punch line for a concept but not necessarily break it down. You'll do well depending on your learning style. This course is tougher than 201 and requires some reading to get it.
I hope Peter doesn't retire before I am able to take another course with him. Clear with what is needed, doesn't waste time. Any student that doesn't respect or think he is hilarious are just idiots. Very generous in giving tips about the midtermfinal as well as rewarding students with extra marks for any mistakes he makes.
Even though he's an amazing prof, but it's very easy to get sidetracked by his monotone voice. He writes notes and doesn't post them on D2L, so go to class. Assignments and midterm were very fair, and lets you out of class early when he's done with the material for the class. WOULD RECOMMEND HIGHLY
He's a great prof, know his stuff, is hilarious and always finishes class early. Starts class with music. However, his final was actually difficult, which was deceiving considering when he taught everything seemed simple until you had to do an assignment or a test. You should read the textbook bc he puts random questions from stuff in the book.
Great prof, take his course if you have the option
Peter Tracey, I know you read these, so hopefully you see this before the end of the semester. I've noticed you like to play music before each class. It'd be great if you could please crank up Rock and Roll by Led Zeppelin. That would be awesome!!!!! :)
Peter Tracey is one of the best profs of all time in U of C!! Straight forward&very clear lectures. Follow his instructions in lectures and come to his review lectures and you will do really well in his class :)
Peter Tracey is the man. He pumps sick beats before lecture, makes fun of current celebrities and makes old people jokes. He makes learning enjoyable and this course really isn't hard. His lectures are skippable IF you intend to read the book and learn for yourself. But he basically went over 60% of the ACTUAL Final in the last 2 weeks of lecture.
Pete is a really good professor. He goes over the bare minimum material that you need to know for midterms and finals however. If you are a student that likes to know why things are the way they are, Prof. Tracey might not be for you. He also does not like cell phone use in class and will get angry if there is not complete silence during lectures.
Didn't need the textbook at all! Attending class is extremely helpful as everything is based off of what was covered in class. Easy assignments (guaranteed 100%) and fairly easy midterm. Make sure to go into the final with a high mark. Provides quite a few answers in class.
Super easy. I didn't so much as look at the textbook, went to all but one of the lectures, did a single practice test before the exam, and came out with an A. Nice course with a heavy course load.
Great professor, tells you everything you need to know on the exams. His classes are very enjoyable and theres absolutely nothing difficult about them. If you attend his lectures you will easily come out with an A.
One of the best profs i had. He really made things clear for students. He gave out questions on the midterm and final so that was cool.
Plays music at start of class. Does questions in class that will be on tests. Writes out notes on projector, so you need to go to class to get the notes. Could just use textbook. Online assignments easy.
I really liked having him as a prof. He actually gives you enough time to copy the notes down and repeats important concepts multiple times. The midterm and the final weren't easy considering amount of time that we had.
One of the best profs I have ever had. He really wants you to do well, and if you attend lectures he will give you half the test questions (sometimes directly) in class. He provides many opportunities for you to excel, very easy class and his dry sense of humour always made my day
Some say his lectures aren't mandatory but if you want hints for the tests i would not miss one! He goes through material at a good speed and always asks if anyone has questions. The assignments and midterm were MUCH easier than the final, that being said you really do have to study for it!
easy A
Midterm and assignments were easy. Final is difficult but not impossible. His lecture notes are clear and simple so I'd suggest reading the textbook for a more thorough understanding. Attend class because he gives out 20% of the final's questions! Genuinely cares that his students succeed.
Easy midterm and assignments, the final exam is very fair. He is also a very fast marker.
Mr Tracey is one of the best econ profs I've had. He is very friendly and kind. He might seem dry but he tries to make it lively. All depends on the students enthusiasm. I will recommend him and looking forward to future econ courses with him.
Good prof. Was very knowledgeable, and also hilarious. Makes ECON straightforward and easy to understand for people who aren't that interested but want to do decent in the course. Also, love his taste in music. I discovered a lot of great bands when he played music each time before class started.
I got an A-. Tracey was fairly easy. There was 1 MT(30%), 1 Assignment (20%) and 1 Final (50%). The final questions were a little tricky, but he went over the possibilities before. He goes over assignment questions in class and goes at a slow pace. He got crabby near the end, and was really mad during the final. Easy B+/A, you need to go to class
Highly recommended!! Really good professor, fun to have lectures with and really available for students. As long as you go to class you'll be fine - he even gives out questions for the test as part of review!
Just apply yourself he is so much easier than the others. I have taken a few classes with him and in every one. on the first or second day the maintence guy happens to walk in and tracey asks if he wants to say something, the maintenence guy then gives a little speach on applying yourself and hes an award winning prof etc. what a coincidence eh?
He is one of the best professors. Attend every class and take notes (Reviews included) then you will ace the course.
If your lucky to get him for 300 levels your set. Though he won't help you in the long run (if your an Econ major) his 300 classes are the easiest and most simplistic. First A I have ever got and I put twice as much time in my other 300 Econ. Tip: ever assignment he gives is questions from textbook. So.. Google them and you'll likely find your answer!
Easy course, easy midterm, very challenging and tricky final. He is pretty funny and teaches you everything but study a lot for your final because he makes it a lot more difficult than your midterm
Such an easy class! He is a bit high on himself and easily angered at times, but he gives you questions right off the finals, and the aplia assignments and midterm and final are extremely simple!
Great teacher and an easy A
Awesome old man. Makes class fun. fairly easy midterm and final. (he gives a few answers to them prior to the tests.)
Tracey is the weirdest pro I've ever met but he's VERY good at what he does. He likes to crack jokes about his age and hates technology but he is the best econ prof at the university. His midterms and finals are kind of hard and long but if you go to review class he gives you free answers to questions on the tests. Textbook is VERY helpful as well
Good for 303. Midterm is right from his lectures and assignmensts.FInal is a bit different
Excellent prof with really fun examples and social/political commentary as well as extra learning (how to properly wear a hat) The midterm is practically given away if you go to the review class and the final is not too bad as long as you go over your notes + read a few parts of the textbook.
Definitely take Econ from him! Love his social commentary and music and the beginning of class. Explains examples slow and clear. Midterm is only on 3 chapters. Final isn't too bad if you read the textbook and study his notes. He also gives you questions straight from the midterm/final so make sure you attend his review classes!!
Amazing professor! Manages to cover all the necessary material while still being clear, interesting and hilarious. Definitely an easy A. As stated previously, midterm is easy but studying for the final is recommended.
Great prof, one of the best in Economics. Easy material, good teaching, clear notes and no need for textbooks. Midterms are easy but watch out for his finals, they are pretty brutal.
What a gem, great prof probably one of the only ones I was generally interested in going to class for. Jokes around with the class and plays decent music as well. Midterm was a piece of cake but study hard for the final or else you're in for a rude awakening.
He is an amazing prof, although he's hand writing is a little bit tough to recognize it. But overall a great prof.
203 is more difficult than 201. Read the textbook more. He still gives exam questions but the final/midterm isn't as simple as 201 so study a bit more and make sure u understand all the graphs and relationships inside and out
Tracey is great. Although he does over-simplify everything and his hand writing is very difficult to read, you can't complain about a guy who gives you answers to his exams. Be warned though, he blasts you on the final. It is definately a challenge. That being said though, the rest of the class is very fair. You won't regret choosing Tracey.
As everyone before me has commented...AWESOME PROF! He teaches the chapters in simple way so that everyone can understand the material. The final was a bit tougher (and way longer) than the midterm but overall amazing learning experience. And he usually let's us out of class early which is a bonus.
Class was easy and he was a fun professor with his daily commentary about his old age. The assignment was VERY easy and his exams were fair. He goes over the topics with you and picks 2-3 of them for the exam. Textbook was not necessary at all but needed for the assignment which was a bummer since it was ~$160.
A really great professor. He tries to keep class fun, and his enthusiasm for the subject shows. He does get a little short tempered though, and interrupts class when people are noisy, which got really annoying. His assignments are insanely easy, and he even gives you direct questions from the final and midterm if you just go to those classes.
I've had Mr. Tracey for a few courses. He can be a little short-tempered if he's not having a good day, but he means well. The tests and assignments are relatively easy and he is a very fair marker. He can sense when students aren't understanding concepts and will go over until students agree they understand..which I appreciate! Highly recommended!
RIDICULOUSLY EASY. His assignments on Aplia are a joke since the practices are almost exactly the same. He curved our midterm mark and he also gave us answers to our final in class so make sure you attend those. No wonder there's a fanclub for him on FB, he's a great guy and makes this class enjoyable!
This class was very easy. He pretty much goes over half of the exam more the midterm and the final. Great Prof. I came out with an A-
His 203 class is MUCH harder then his 201 class. However, he still gives out some answers to his exams. Also, his notes in 203 are not very good, but he is a fun guy, and really hates cell phones!
Has a great music taste. Econ 203 is much harder than 201. The notes are harder to understand. Know your stuff for final! I would recommend him. But be warned, don't text in class!
What a GEM. Hilarious guy - pay him respect and he will respect you. Articulates well, loves music and plays it loudly before class. Won't take your crap and wants to protect elephants. Makes jokes about the "home" and keeps everything current. One of the most enjoyable professors I have ever had, since my first class on my first day.
Just a Beauty
Took his class last spring and by all means, it was easy. The average on the midterm was 84%, but the final was quite tricky for such an easy course. Many trick questions. He's not too friendly (especially with cell phones). He also tore a girls final up for being 3 seconds over the time limit...scary...
Second class ive taken with Tracey and the 2nd A+ ive gotten from him. Notes are straight foward and his midterm and final come right from his notes and he even does question on the tests right in class so pay attention to this. I wouldnt take an Econ classs unless its was with Tracey.
Tracy was an alright professor. He made things really easy to understand everything in the lectures and anything that was going to be on the midterm or final he told you right then and there. Lectures were kind of boring but all in all it was a good class.
Very clear, keeps it simple, tells you what you need to know. Gets cranky if people talk in class, so if you're a talker do everyone a favor and stay away. Told some funny jokes and commentaries too.
Midterm is easy. Final is fair. Good teacher! I recommend him.
Peter is the MAN! he knows how to relate to us "young kids" by using contemporary things happening in the world and applying it to economics to make the class seem interesting.He practically gives you half the final right in your notes and the midterm is an EASY GPA booster to take advantage of it!
Great teacher who knows what he is talking about. A little odd and he expects respect but as long as you are willing to give him that you will learn everything you need to. Write down all his notes and study them, the textbook can be pretty much ignored. Midterm and Final aren't super easy but if you study well you will do excellent.
Excellent Professor, attend the class, read the corresponding chapters in the text book, and you should do alright. Final exam difficult.
How is 201 the easiest class ever? And how is Mr. Tracey the easiest prof of all time? from 250 people in my class, only 6 got perfect scores on midterm & the other class had lower avg than ours(in the 70s for both.) Avg for finals is typically 10% less. Clearly, not even 25% of students get As, yet these ratings/raters make you think otherwise!
Ive had Tracey for 203, 321, 341 & 377. Really funny guy but kind of a jerk. Course work level is a joke, and midterm is easy. Teaches so many classes that he will almost never respond to your emails. BEWARE: his finals are fairly difficult, which sucks since he has a high grading scale. Textbook is always useless, dont even bother buying it.
Easy course. Assignments are based on material directly addressed in lecture. Midterm based directly off assignment, final was more difficult, but if you study intensely and understand concepts well, it isn't too bad. Mr. Tracey is a nice man, he cares about students but can be tempermental. He definitely has his own opinions and does get offended.
Amazing professor. One of the best you will experience at university. Keeps lectures interesting with "social commentary" and always ends the class early. Tests are fair, midterm is much easier than the final however. No powerpoints, all notes are hand written on the overhead. Highly recommended prof. Makes this class very interesting!
Very concise, clear and fair prof. Despite being very well (slow) paced lectures, he always finished early and gave a few days off. Very easy to gain an understanding of Microeconomics (201) from this prof. IMHO one of the top.
Great and funny Prof! He tells jokes during the lectures to keep us awake. Concepts were simplified for us to understand it easily.Midterm was easy but final was really hard.
He's a really terrific prof! You dont even need to read the textbook cause all his notes are right from the text! Midterm was okay BUT the final was brutal.
He is ok but last exam was super hard
knowledgable prof, attend every class and read the text, and you should do well. The final was hard so know your stuff.
To be hones thought he was at times a jerk. Understood the material and did an alright job of teaching it, however he talked down to his students and treated them like they were in kindergarten. If I'm paying my prof $500 I want him to teach me not dicipline the ones that aren't listening. It's their fault if they miss it!
This is an incredibly easy course. Dr Tracy is an all right Prof, however the course is really dry and boring.
Dr.Tracey is a bit of a spazz, but he knows his stuff. He tries to be as clear as possible, and is always willing to answer questions. LOADS better than my econ 201 prof.
I had him twice and I love him! He is the best econ prof at U of C. Whoever said his notes are useless is wrong because his tests are straight out of them! He takes it all really slow and clear and basically outlines the tests and assignments. I would 100% recommend him!
Talks very slow, gives only the bare minimum of knowledge, very focussed on the final exam. While writing the notes you think they're good, but when you study, you realize you have no idea what all the symbols mean because he mentioned them so briefly. Overall, he's a good prof though.
I think you guys are being rediculous, perhaps your only posting on here because of poor marks. Maybe you should realize that hes going so slow to give people like *you* a chance... Good guy, makes important info. painfully obvious, easy intros, tough classes on higher levels.
This man is dry as stale bread. It took so much willpower to stay awake. Tests are alright if you can find old ones. Really condescending when answering questions though.
Good prof. Good class. Fair exams and gives a good amount of hints on what to expect. On the downside, didn't seem to fully understand the content.
Has many annoying habits that become all to obvious due to the fact that this course is so painfully basic, simple and boring. Knew his stuff well and answered all questions. Wasnt afraid of an argument but belittled/ignored whoever brought up the point. Easy midterms, pick Schlenker if you can.
Teaches to the middle of the class, and can move too slow at times. The exams are fair, he teaches in a logical and clear manner. Especially good for the introductory classes (201 and 203).
get the old tests and you will be fine. Teaches micro and the class is painfully easy. just go to the lectures
He can get kind of boring, but he makes things very clear, and he drills topics into you, he love's drawing "pictures" (Graphs), but if you go to class and listen, you should do well.
hes really good
Approachable, thorough notes (he appears to love drawing graphs - a lot!) Midterms overall are relatively easy. Class at times can be dull - though he tries to make it interesting though stories and things pertaining to irrelevant subjects.
DRY HUMOR
Mr. Tracey is an awesome teacher! How anyone could not like him especially for 201 is beyond me. WHy complain about something like going too slow? He gets through the material and you end up with a wicked grade...stop being such a keener.
Very bad temper... and restates the book... really.. u don't need to go to class...
Nice sweaters. Hope his dance lessons are going well.
So far.......so easy.....
Funny. Extremely easy. Coming from science, this class was a joke.
he will spoon feed you an A+
Understands all concepts very well, quite humourous too! Amazing proff
Great teacher, can see that he genuinely cares about his students.
good teacher
The rule is simple; if you respect Dr. Street, she WILL respect you. Read the syllabus and avoid asking questions that are clearly answered already. She may require a hefty amount of work, but if you manage your time you will get it done and you will earn a decent grade. She's a passionate professor with an open mind about the world we live in.
I love Nancy. Yes, she'll occasionally get off topic, but she is a truly passionate teacher and REALLY cares about how you do. The negative people are the ones who complained all class and never asked for help. She's very accommodating and wants to hear you opinions. And she's got a great sense of humor. Take her class.
She can seem cranky at times, but she's really a great Professor who is passionate about what she teaches and is really helpful and cares about the students.
Dr. Street is one of the brightest professors at Bridgewater. It makes me angry to see such negative reviews because she truly cares about her students and you can tell how passionate she is for teaching. I have taken three classes with her and she was helpful and kind to me in all of them because I did my work and I was respectful to her. I
Very friendly woman, made the speeches easier to get through and brought in candy and cookies too. Interesting and not nearly as scary as she's made out to be.
I'm pretty much gonna say the same thing as everyone else. Before I took her for 395 and 495 I heard bad things about her. Now, I regret not taking her for 295 as well (if she taught it). She'll challenge you to think outside the box and she's got real-world experience. Great personality and really enjoys teaching to her students. Take her. China.
She is one of the best. Make it through the first few weeks. Listen and you can learn a lot. She has a lot of life experience. She faced death and survived. All you ****s should cut her some slack.
I was scared because I'd heard nothing but bad things. I thought she was great though. She's smart, assertive, and she expects a certain amount of intelligence ans assertiveness in her students as well. I loved her class and worked hard.
She's got her views, and they are strong...but ya have to respect her...and her classes are NOT as hard as people make them out to be
I had Dr. Fanning for Intro to Sociology in Fall 2015 and I felt like she was a good choice for me. She may have been a tough grader, but I admired her!
Dr. Fanning is a professor who likes to lecture a lot, but the lectures themselves aren't that important unless you are using a reading for your papers. There are only 2 short page papers and you lead one discussion based on a reading. She's an easy grader too so the class is definitely not bad at all.
Prof Fanning is a great teacher. I took Death & Dying as an elective and I highly recommend this class to anyone that needs an extra class. Although the topic is a sad one, it was actually very helpful after losing a loved one. Do yourself a favor and take this class. Super easy, 2 tests, and short weekly write-ups. Would take her again!
Professor Fanning is a must if you're taking a Soc class at BSU. Kind, caring, smart, and considerate lady. 4 short papers on simple topics. I found her class rewarding and interesting. I really did enjoy this class and I highly recommend taking it
Good proffesor. She goes over the stuff you need to know. Take good notes and study and you'll pass
Dr. Fanning is a very kind person. Any trouble I had with her class was my own fault, and she was reasonable with her responses. She doesn't give options for make-up, so get there on time and do the work! Study for the tests too, they are very important. 12 5-point papers and 2 exams. Overall great class, and easy grading if you do your work.
I love her! She has been so helpful to me when I went to her for direction, always quick to respond, help get you into a full class, I took her class and she offered to be my internship professor. She is very helpful to night students. Class was easy-show up on time and pay attention and she will give you a good grade.
She is one of the Best Professors here at Bridgewater. She does take attendance everyday. There are no midterms or finals, just three exams and three papers. She talks the wole time but its not boring because she includes the students. The key to passing this class is taking notes(less than a page long), and studying at least 30 min for the exam.
Funny, never cancels class, and helpful. Just graduated and still email her for lessons and goes out of her way to help. pretty easy grader too
she is one of the only teachers that can make me laugh at 8:00 in the morning. very fair grader.
i know for a fact that this lady loves to bake cookies on the weekends and that she is a favorite at family parties for reading books to kids. She is able to cover the whole curriculi at community board meetings as well as she does at bake sales.
i think she's a great teacher that loves what she does and has a great way of explaining things
He is very old school- no electronics or hats in class This class is only graded by 3 tests and attendance but if you show up your grade can go up almost a whole letter grade. I was scared for this class but hes a good teacher + gives lots of helpful examples. Utilize the TAs before tests for extra help!!! Nice guy and wants to get to know students
Dr. Barrett is very old-school, but he is hilarious and you never know what he is going to say in lectures. You can tell he loves teaching this class and he is very passionate about stats, and he wants you to be interested. The course is only graded on 3 tests and attendance, so make sure you show up to class
Make sure to meet with Anna his TA. She helped me tremendously in this class. If it wasn't for her, I would have failed. Bruce is awesome but teaches like this class is an upper level class. Pop quizzes weekly so make sure to attend class.
Dr. Barrett, like many of the reviews here have stated, is a very traditional college professor. As such, you absolutely must study in order to succeed in his class. There was a study group help for this class by some students this semester, and that was definitely helpful. Absolutely do the practice tests and problems!
Great teacher and always had great examples. He takes attendence every class for extra credit which is annoying but also helps in the end. Tests are hard but you really have to study to do well-- would probs be like this with any teacher. He makes the class enjoyable
I really enjoyed being in his class. He's a funny guy, and knows everything you'd ever need to know about statistics. Also did a lot throughout the semester to help our grades. It's a tough class, but if you pay attention and put in the work, Dr. Barrett will do everything he can to help you.
BB is great guy with great personality. Grade calculated by 3 exams & daily quizzes (so yes, you have to go to class, 4 total will be dropped). By the end of the semester, he curves if you've attended a certain amt of classes. Tests are so difficult and the class avg is about a 60-70 every exam. the final isn't cumulative though. good luck!
Has daily quizzes on the previous classes material or sometimes just an attendance sheet instead. Also, if you miss a class, the content just builds on itself; therefore attendance is a necessity. Has practice tests online and if you can figure those out, the tests are pretty straightforward. He gets upset if people where hats or use technology.
ST260 is a hard class, but he does the best he can. You have daily quizzes/attendance so you have to go to class. He just reads off a powerpoint, but he ultimately curves grades some. Tests are very hard but TAs saved me. Required a lot of practice outside of class, but there is no homework. I would take him again solely because of the curved grade
At first I thought he had bad vibes, but he ended up one of my favorite profs this semester. He is old fashioned- no laptops or hats allowed,, but is very knowledgeable, good at teaching the material, and makes tests pretty easy. Always gives study guides before exams that look just like the real exams. He is funny and engaging in class.
Stats is a very difficult class, which is universally known, but Mr. Barrett does what he can to break it down and help you understand it. *He will usually add extra points to you final course grade if your attendance is good which saved me!!!!!!!!!!!! However, be prepared to watch Youtube videos and get help from outside sources.
Fair professor with a fair grading system. Doesn't let you skate through the class but doesn't make it unnecessarily difficult. A good lecturer that is not afraid to talk about topics he's invested in. If you show up to class, pay attention and review test material you should be fine.
Dr. Barrett is old fashioned but he is so genuine and passionate not only about stats but his students. If you go to his lectures and do practice tests, you will do just fine. Him & TAs are available to help almost every week. Down to earth dude that tries to keep class funny and interesting. Quizzes every class, but a good portion were freebies
Really makes class interesting and works hard to teach material. Quizzes every day but lets you drop 4. Scaled pretty well, but only had three tests that determined grade. Very strict but you'll understand statistics by the end.
Dr. Barrett is very inspiring and such an amazing man, he is always willing to help. He teaches like he teaches upper level stats... The stats class itself is NOT easy. It is boring and hard to understand, even if you are a business major. His daily quizzes can sometimes be a little difficult. If you come to class and pay attention it is doable.
Dr. Barrett knows how to teach this class well. He makes this difficult subject easier and is very clear on what you need to know. He is very knowledgeable and loves to flaunt his knowledge arrogantly. He is very opinionated as well. Easy daily quizzes (he drops the lowest four) will help tremendously if you do not do well on the tests.
You can't use any technology in this class, but he teaches well. Dr. Barrett does his best to make the class interesting. There are short quizzes most every day that will help boost your grade, so attendance is really important. If your go to class and pay attention, you should do pretty well, and he wants you to succeed. Would take him again!
This is a boring subject, no way around that, but Dr. Barrett did as much as he could to make the class interesting. I found the test fairly difficult and sometimes tricky. He likes to talk about himself and how smart he is a lot. It's passable, but you have to go to class for the quizzes.
Fantastic guy. Truly cares about his students and wants to see them do well. Definitely keep up with the problems he suggests for you do in the book-they really help on tests. Print off the PowerPoints and take notes. Go to the TA's help sessions. Re-read notes/text to help with daily quizzes. His practice tests and exam reviews are very helpful.
Dr. Barret is a really a great guy and he kept the class interesting. There are usually short quizzes but many of them are just attendance. He gives sample tests that are almost identical to the real tests. I would definitely take him!
He gives out daily quizzes and they count for a test grade so go to class. Really nice guy. Definitely the stats professor to take at UA. Final isn't cumulative and all the tests are just like the practice ones he gives you
I think he is an amazing professor; however, I would recommend having some prior knowledge to stats before taking his class. Those that were new to stats seemed to have trouble keeping up with his lectures (they're very fast paced). But don't let that scare you. He really makes an effort to be fair.
For a class not many are excited about Barret made stats really interesting. He is the best option for taking ST 260. Test are challenging but doable. Go to class. One of the better teachers at UA.
Dr. Barrett was great, very smart guy. 3 tests 75%. Quizzes every day 25% of grade. Class was not easy but it wasn't impossible - very interesting. I enjoyed his pre-lecture lecture, he knows a lot of stuff unrelated to stats. Dr. Barrett is conservative which is a good thing. Bumps grade up a smidgen. A+ is possible. A would be easily achieved.
He is a very good professor even though he often gets off topic. Tests are not hard but the true/false might mess you up. The quizzes will really bring your grade up so I recommend going to class.
The best stats teacher at Alabama. But the class is hard. GO TO CLASS AND DO GOOD ON YOUR QUIZZES. They will pull your grade up a letter grade.
Difficult course material but he is a GREAT teacher. He genuinely cares about every student and loves his job. Go to class. Use the study guides and go to the review sessions. Don't buy the book.
Definitely the best ST 260 teacher on campus. It's a hard subject to teach and learn but he does a good job. Don't buy the textbook- there is no need.
I was terrified coming into Statistics, but I absolutely loved Dr. Barrett's class! He is interesting, loves teaching, and you take a lot more away from taking his class than just calculating statistics. I think he's a great teacher - he goes through material fast, and he has lots of short quizzes, so go to class!
Dr. Barrett is wonderful. He is my favorite professor that I have ever had here. He is just an all-around kind, helpful guy and he's a great teacher. I was scared that Stats was going to be hard, but he made it easy by giving practice tests exactly like the tests and quizzes for attendence to boost your grade. DEFINITELY TAKE HIM!
Dr. Barrett is a good teacher. He's very sarcastic at times and does have his own politcal views, but if you come to class and work the suggested problems you will definitely pass. He gives a sample test before every exam showing exactly what is on the test. He curves grades and he also gives quizzes that helps your grade. Mostly for attendance!
I really liked Dr. Barrett! He made the class and the material manageable. He also gives alot of great life lessons throughout the semester!
great professor! definitely on the geeky side but knows what he's talking about, and tells some interesting stories. gives quizzes at least once a week, mainly for attendance so go to class! also, take advantage of the TA sessions- they are REALLY helpful and can explain or clarify anything dr.barrett says.
Dr. Barrett, I enjoyed his class a lot, but he does go over the material pretty fast so do the readings before class. His test are T/F Mult Choice but are very difficult. He does give you a practice test which covers about 70% of the real test. I think he is by far one of the best Professors I had.
Dr. Barret was very willing to help students, but they also must put in their part of the work. Tests and quizes are M.C./ True False, but don't let this fool you, you must know how to work the problems.
He was a great teacher! He made class interesting for the most part. Go to class everyday because he has random quizzes. The quizzes aren't hard if you have reviewed your notes from the class before. The tests aren't too hard, but they are timed so you have to know what you are doing.
what is covered in class is not necessarily on the test. there are some interesting topics that make class bearable, but as long as you use the study guide for the tests they are extremely easy. the group projects are relatively easy and not that time consuming as long as you and all your group members do their part. i would take this class again.
I really enjoyed this class and the professor. Class is self guided and at your own pace. Only "due dates" were for tests. If you do well on the first two tests , you can opt out of the final. Interesting Youtube lectures, video links and readings. I wish I could have taken this class in person.
very demanding teacher. But his lectures are extremely interesting. Does a lot of back and forth with students.You have to read all the assigned material in this class if you expect a good grade
Professor Moore is a really nice guy. Three presentations and just discussion boards. He's super lenient with deadlines and he cares about his students. Sometimes he talks a lot but other than that the class is an easy A.
Moore is a great guy and I loved the format of the class. He makes everything very simple. Tests were take home, open notes, or group work. He told you the questions ahead of time and makes sure you understand it before he quizzes you on it. His projects were fairly graded and he always makes everyone feel comfortable speaking in class.
Powerpoints that are put on tophat. Also 5 questions on blackboard from textbook reading every class but you could just look them up so need to read. These questions are also part of the tests. Three tests and one final but drops lowest !
James is a great man and professor. His class is very hands on and he is very knowledgeable in what he teaches. One can always see him walking around campus where you can walk up and talk to him. I had a great time in his class. Take him!
The nicest teacher I've ever had. I hold a special place in my heart for this man.
Awesome teacher, you never need the book in class. He teaches you how to use all the equipment and is very helpful. He's fun too, if you show interest in the class he becomes very lenient. Great professor.
Professor Moore is a great guy and very helpful. His editing class is totally hands-on and that's what makes it so enjoyable. One of the best classes I've taken at BSC.
moore is an excellent prof. he is very laid back and allows you to do pretty much anything you want with your projects. he is really smart about production and will help you out any way he can. show up, do the homework, and you get an A
one of the best classes i have taken here.
Awesome guy. Really knows his stuff.
Great guy. Knows his stuff and can actually teach it as well. One of the best in the department.
Show up...you get an A
Some of his ideas seem kind of out there, but he really just wants to get you to think. His class was always entertaining. His tests were hard, but he gives you all the information you need for them before hand. He likes to talk and get you involved in class.
He is absolutly one the of the neatest Professors that I have had at Tarleton. He is the one Professor that remembers my name, always has a smile on his face, is truely knowledgeable about every thing he teaches and cares about his students.
He is an awesome professor! He made me want to come to class. He knows what he is talking about and makes you think about your life. He is so blunt and that is what makes him an awesome professor.
He likes to challenge people. Personally, I thought he was hilarious, but some of the other Christian kids were a little offended. I love the guy, even if he does cuss a lot.
Easy teacher. Open note mid-term and final exams, only given 2 homework assignments through the semester. Don't buy the book, never used it. A friendly guy and who is at times hard of hearing and misses you when you raise your hand for attendance. I would take him for this class without a doubt over anyone else.
TAKE GOOD NOTES! and don't buy the text. As long as you have a vague understanding of the concepts behind the math, you will get an A. Open notebook on all exams. Ya he can't hear, but he will gladly walk over to you and answer the question. Taking him for the 3rd time.
Really nice guy, deaf. The class is easy as long as you pay attention and take decent notes.
Best professor i've ever had. No textbook, open notes on tests, easy homework (1 or 2 per semester). The only downfall is that he is hard of hearing, so make sure you speak loud and clearly if you ask him a question.
Very hard of hearing, but extremely knowledgable. Take good notes and you're all set. Open notebook exams. Better off visiting him in office if you have a question because of his hearing. Very helpful. Kind of boring but good professor.
Very deaf, but easiest class ever
The sweetest, most nicest, and most sincere professor ever! Doesnt use the calculators because he wants you to understand the concepts rather than pushing buttons for the exact number. Is lenient on grading but attendance is important.
Excellent professor. This guy must have been the head of the NYSE at one time. the guy seems to know a ton of info on investing. He is a great man to listen to and will get you to know your stuff. Thanks Dr. Auslander
this guy knows his stuff... SMART... but easy.. if you take him you will learn if you want.. but if you dont want you can still pass teh class easily
very easy class... open note exams and you don't even have to buy the book... i would recommend taking him for any class you can
Nice man, easy grader, a little too old to be teaching
Very nice man, can't hear very well, bad eye sight, but he is an easy grader.
She is really helpful. You can tell that she loves Spanish, and she always tries to explain everything so that everyone understands. She will always answer questions. TESTS! The tests are not that easy! You really need to KNOW the vocab or you will have trouble!
Good teacher, gives you TONS of chances to pass the class. Take advantages of what she has to offer. Best part is she sometimes turns southern on you, she slips out some redneck at times. Wish she was comming back for spanish 2, cuz i would take her again
DY is an amazing professor, knows his stuff and is a very nice man. Even though this class has been one of the hardest classes I have ever taken, he never gives up on you and wants to see you succeed. A lot of the class grade wise comes down to the homework assignments, midterm and test, with a huge emphasis on the homework. Always ask questions!
DY is amazing! He's probably one of my favorite professors. Sort of intimidating at first, but once you get to know him, he's a really funny and nice guy. Also, one of the best conductors I've had. Going to festivals and working with different conductors makes you realize how awesome he really is.
Amazing. He really teaches the subject well... and if you practice it will be easy. Always tries to find little tricks and tips to help you remember. But if your not willing to put in the minimal don't take it, also if you have past experience with music the class is a breeze!
I have had DY for a number of classes over the years, and he is the best teacher I've ever had. He inspired me to become a music major and I respect him greatly. He is a wonderful person and a helpful teacher. He pushes himself to be the best, and expects nothing less from his students. His classes are very challenging, yet very rewarding.
Dr. Young is not all he's hyped up to be, afterall he is only human, however, if you want to actually learn something, be motivated to go on in music and have a teacher who will argue and debate, then he's the Best. He's a great teacher and musician
I respect him for his knowledge and experience but he has ALWAYS played favorites. I don't know what you have to do to get in his circle but I was never told. Somehow the clique forms, and he is always at the center. He judges everyone.
He's really tough, but he's a born teacher. If you work hard, and dont spend all your time making snide comments, then he's fair. But to b completely truthful he can be a little cold to people not in his inner circle.
If you actually pay attention in class, read the textbook, and participate during lecture you'll be fine. I didn't study for one test and still made a B in the class. If you make it known that you don't care to be in his class, then your grade will reflect you. He will not hand you grades, you must earn them.
Its not mandatory if you dont go to class but its stupid if you dont. will help you if you need it. Quizes on fridays that you can almost always make at least a c on. Test are not the easiest but he wants to know that you learned something. reviews for test like 3 times.
need to read the book for the quizzes, use my history lab, always go to class especially Fridays (quiz day) and go on low attendance days(Homecoming, thanksgiving week) he let the class work on the quiz together.
I really enjoyed his class and his sense of humor.
awesome class.
Very nice woman. Very into her subject. Used to be an opera singer! Very helpful. In my Voice class we sang a few songs alone, had a written midterm about the working of the vocal tract and our final was an essay and two songs. Overall very good class.
Pretty good teacher. I've improved so much in her class and she definitely knows how to help each student.I would definitely recommend her.
I enjoyed the class very much. She explained what she wanted and expected clearly; and was available for help after or before classes. Rock on Professor Ferrante!
Really enjoyed the class. fun but informative
very nice
She's not everyone's cup of tea, but I like her! She's very nice and patient, but she won't sugarcoat things for you if you're doing things wrong.
Overall an interesting class. If you don't like to speak in class and participate, you won't do well. Bring your book to class it is essential. He did offer extra credit. Dr. Litvin was one of the best teacher I have had at BSU.
Such a brilliant and kind and warm-hearted man. I wish I could see him every day for the rest of my life but sadly this semester is almost over and I'm a senior. Take him as many times as humanly possible.
He drags out discuss to the point of no return. One answer could be a 20minute conversation. He is on his game and is a tough grader, FOLLOW UP ON YOUR GRADE IN THE CLASS, thought I had an A he said I had between a C+ and B- and suggested I go to achievement center for help before our final speech. oh & bring the book to class!
Really nice old man, actually cares about his students. Lots of croup work and class discussions, but they were all very open and casual. The way he teaches is interesting, basically having the students teach one another with his guidance. I enjoyed his class, pretty easy, with a few speeches and one paper. Got a better grade then expected.
I was a first semester freshman in this class and he always said "It's a good thing there are no freshmen in this class, because this assignment is way too hard" but I passed with a B+. He was really helpful. There were no tests, and there were a lot of papers. It's a really fun class! Read the book before class!
This has to be the most easy-going class I've ever had. Just show up, and jump into conversations here and there... you will enjoy it just as much as I did. No tests or quizzes; he is a quirky old softy. He is very "with-it" for being a man his age... always interested in learning about students and their experiences. A tough grader but he's so fun
One of, if not, my favorite class that I had taken at BSC....Good times had by all!!
Litvin is one of my fav teachers. You have to talk in his classes but i think that's what makes it more interesting. Helps to get to know other students. Always be prepared to talk in his class and you will have a great time.
Dr. Litvin is by far one of the nicest profs you'll meet at BSC. Very understanding and very witty. If you're looking for a Comm. class to take, Interpersonal Comm. is the one for you.
He is such a cute old man. Very nice, he will help you with anything. NO homework or tests its so great. Take Him
Dr. Litvin is a very nice and understanding professor. He loves for students to participate. Participate in class, do the reading and you'll be fine.
She is a great professor and really nice. Pretty much just taking notes.
Intro to Theatre was fun! Learned some interesting things and really liked seeing the plays. Enough lecture and different projects to keep class engaged. Grading for me was fair and accurate. I liked teacher and class.
Love Carol. She is such a hilarious person and gets along with a ton of people. Like everyone says she does give very time consuming projects and expects them done. Even with that said I would take Carol again in a heart beat! Such an amazing lady and will help you when you ask.
Always do your best. She expects the best from theatre majors but is very lenient with intro kids (aka anyone wanting a fine arts credit) she loves people who aren't afraid to be different. Fun classes to take but be prepared to bust your ass.
Great teacher and funny too. Always keeps you guessing but not a difficult class. Study for the tests, go to class, and do your projects. I highly recomend her.
She seems like a good profesor. You go to class, and you'll pass with ease.
very nice willing to help you anytime if you talk to her, I really learned alot from her about the theater industry.
His class is not going to be an easy A so don't expect that from a college chemistry class. However, if you take the time to get to know him he is a great guy and willing to go out of his way to help you. WATCH THE ONLINE LECTURES. They are the reason I did well in the class. Take the time to know him, he is probably my favorite professor so far.
I think he is a very good teacher. He is well organized while he's lecturing. He shows you how to work a problem step by step. I understand maybe he talks too fast in the class, but that's just because there are so many things he needs to cover, you can't blame on him.
Professor Johnson really is a sweetheart and a pretty good professor. Her class can be a bit boring at times and she gets really triggered about phones so don't use yours. Still she is a very nice lady. I feel like if I took her class at another time rather than 8 AM i would have enjoyed going a bit more
The quizzes are tough, USE THE TEXTBOOK! Not everything on the test is covered in lecture. Prof. J is such a caring and wonderful woman, and is very empathetic and understanding to many situations. Show up and do the work and you'll definitely pass
Dr. Johnson is the SWEETEST woman ever. If you read the chapter, and study the notes it's an automatic A, everything on the test is given to you including a study guide. She scales the tests, gives a TON of extra credit and if you attend class you get even more extra credit. My final grade was 106 or something like that. She is soooo passionate!!!!
Taken for two different courses would definitely take again. Tests are often very straightforward and focus on the main points and main vocabulary. Lecture can sometimes be boring but she is definitely interested in the topics and it shows.
Professor Johnson is really passionate about psychology and it really inspires her students. You have to work for this course but it's worth it. I would take her class again and again. She provides study guides for the tests and gives plenty of extra cred opportunities. She's great!
Loved her class. Lowest quiz grade was dropped. Just read the book and go over her notes and tests are simple! She is very sweet and tries to help in anyway she can. Very understanding! Loved this class!
If you read the chapters you will do well on her exams, she does give you a small amount of volunteer hours to do but you can get them done in 2 days. She is very helpful if you are struggling and I would highly recommend her for any psychology course.
I had her for a testosterone seminar. She is very passionate about what she is doing and is overall very nice and helpful
evolution seminar recomended! ddnt think id like it but i really did. learned so much & its interesting really gets you thinking about the things we do in life & why! 3 presentations 2 informal sitting down on 3 asigned pgs in the book easy A, and one longer outside presentation that you practice in class. midterm & final lets you use cheat sheet
sort of quirky but in a good way! so into what shes teaching! powerpoints are minimal so you do have to do some searching in your book, but she is very helpful, dsnt like laptops but wont stop u from taking notes on it. will +6pts to partic grade for no absences lots of quizes on only 1 chapter so alot of chances to improve grades drops 2 lowest
Agreeable prof. Was helpful with questions. Relied heavily on textbook and powerpoint presentations, but kept the class lively with her personality. A relatively easy weekly quiz on single chapters, and community service or book report assignment at the end of the sem. Would take this prof. again.
Nice to a point where it seems almost fake and wore some really strange outfits that sometimes looked like pajamas. Class can be boring because she throws A LOT of information at you at once. Knows all of her students by name which is a plus.
Prof Johnson is the nicest lady ever. the class is a bit hard, but manageable. she drops the lowest test and has miltiple options. She is such a sweet person and an enthusiastic person!
Amazing! She is so enthusiastic and she always makes you feel like you really know the subject. The class is a little difficult, but if you pay attention and put effort in you will be fine. I recommend this class to anyone and if I could take a class again with her I definitely would!
Shes really nice, she says this is the 1st time she giving a quiz every week (which sucks cuz u have to teach yourself, dont think ive learned anything!) Powerpoints and a small project at end of semester. If you like teaching yourself and reading a lot then this class is for you! (But she is very nice, and passionate about what she does!)
She was such a fun teacher. There was always a lot of homework and class work, but nothing difficult. She was a little confusing at first because she uses blackboard and emails for everything, but you get used to it. She was extremely nice, and doesnt' give a final. We had really easy assignments that you were graded on.
she is a nice teacher but the class really ins't that easy. the tests are kind of hard.
Dr. Johnson is wonderful. She is extremely helpful and understanding. What a great person!!
nicest teacher ever! she gets very close to students. she invited my whole class to her house when the semester ended!! extremely nice sweet lady. she is very giddy and often times excited but is such a nice lady and good teacher. take her class.
Shes extremely nice and understanding but she does get confusing. If you enjoy doing presentations infront of others, take her class, if not, DON'T!
Kinda goofy and ditsy, but she's a very nice woman. Class is pretty simple... just read, pay attention and do the lame extra listening assignments.
She's a really nice lady and really understanding. I wasn't able to be there for a test and it wasn't a medical problem and she let me take the test anyways. The class is interesting too!
Prof. Johnson is a very smart woman who loves what she is doing. Her tests are very difficult, but if you are willing to go to class, take notes, and study, then you can do fine. She is a very nice woman and will give extra help if you need it.
She is a nice lady and is always smiling. Her tests are really hard however, you really need to study for a LONG time to do well. Also it was more of a biological child development class rather than child psych. It wasn't what i expected. Boring class.
Kirby is the hardest math teacher I've run into so far. He is very clear and goes through material well, it's simply his tests that are killer. They are the hardest problems you've worked on homework/board, and you are timed. If you aren't really good, you're probably going to be rushed in an exam.
Great teacher! sometimes rushes through lectures and ask him to slow down when doing problems. He is very Helpful and really likes to get to know his students. Test and quizes are easy although the homework can be challenging. by far the best math teacher ive ever had
He is a good teacher for Trig. He uses MyMathLab which is helpful. I respond to conversational teaching, and his method does not encourage talking about Trig. BUT he is a good teacher. Not too heavy on memory work which is good.
If you want easy, look away. Kirby assigns homework everyday, and only grades part of it. The class is made easier by his clarity and helpfulness though. He's a good teacher. Of course, Calculus II is always hard, but I am doing ok in the class thanks to Kirby. A nice, professional, very smart teacher. He gets an A+.
Very nice and very helpful, makes the class interesting
LOVE Murry! He is my favorite teacher. If you take the notes, the tests are easy; just study the notes. Gives extra credit for showing up.
Dr. Murry has one rule, DONT PISS MURRY OFF. As long as you follow this rule you'll be fine. He knows his stuff. I loved this class.
His tests are very complicated, he likes to change up the wording of them to make sure you are paying attention. But overall he was very easy to understand and gave detailed lectures. He has a tendency to crack corny jokes...and then laugh at them himself. Quite amusing. :)
Doc Murry is a great prof. He is a very brilliant man, and his tolerance for stupidity is pretty low. He and I got along so well, he made me an undergrad lab instructor. Listen to what he says, take his weekly quizzes, ask questions, and you'll do great.
Very hard, but if you memorize all of his notes, you can make an A. He gives you his notes, and some old tests. Some of his old tests are in 123, just ask a geology student. Smartest Human Alive!!!!
I failed my lab and still ended up making a B in this class. He gives you the notes and goes over exactly what is on the test. All you have to do is study the notes he goes over in class. I would have made an A if it wasn't for my rude lab instructor. All you have to do is show up for class and be interested. Thought he was a very nice man.
Don't fall asleep. Don't even rest your head on your hand because you'll get yelled at.
physical science 2 lab.. fun and easy
Makes it hard, but helps you learn. Always willing to help. If you know your stuff, the tests are fine. Tough grader, but makes you think. Has clear expectations and are easy to follow. HE KNOWS HIS****!
His class is hard, but he is always ready to help. He makes everything clear. His tests are not very hard.
Very clear in what he expects and a great guy, but his tests are far from easy.
Good professor overall, really cares about the students understanding. Be sure to read the textbooks when doing the homework. Lectures are worth attending and exams are not too hard if you have prepared properly.
Really nice guy, does not have unreasonable expectations of students. Homeworks are frequent but not very long. He wrote the textbook for the class and if anything is ever unclear after lectures the textbook does a good job of clarifying. Tests are hard but he gives generous partial credit and curves.
Great professor. my only problem is he is a mac person :p
Prof. DuBois is a great professor. However, she doesn't podcast, record lectures, or upload images. So while attendance isn't mandatory, I'd advise you to go. Your grade is pretty much dependent on your TA. There are no other assignments besides the midterm and final, so your grade is easily broken depending on how you do.
Great Prof! Easy if starting the MMW series and sets very well with the rest. I recommend Dubois for MMW 11, Balgerg for 12, Murillo for 13, and 14 and 15 (Dr. Grey) during the summer! I passed them with an A or B+ without much effort!
The grading is dependent on your TA. Unfortunately, sometimes the readings did not align with the essays very well.
TAs do most of the work i had the best one (in my opinion they were very sweet) two critical analysis and a final, duBois was also very sweet I loved how she didn't sugar coat the sex aspect of history, she said it how it was. Clearly very passionate about what she was teaching
She's pretty cool, you can definitely skip lectures and be fine. It all comes down to TAs!! The TAs all grade papers differently, and those are what determine your grade in the class. Easy class as long as you do well on the papers (two midterms and one final).
This professor is the complete opposite of the rigorous MMW I've heard about. A professor that has very interesting outfit choices, with lectures that contain interesting vocabulary about intercourse. We wrote 3 essays the entire quarter, and they weren't really hard at all. Lectures and readings aren't really mandatory. Take class for easy A.
If you're taking this online, there's very little work. You'll write a total of 5 analysis essays and write a weekly discussion post. The TA does all the grading so get to know them. You really don't need to read from the textbook. The discussion questions often come from the book she wrote (Longman). Read those texts and you'll pass with an A!
I absolutely loved DuBois for MMW 11. Her lectures were awesome, and had a soothing voice that for some reason made me pay attention. She posts study guides for the midterm and final, and has fairly minimal reading. She doesn't podcast, but I wouldn't skip lectures for anything. She really puts her all into her teaching, and you can feel it
old school lecture style, but keeps it interesting. not too much reading and provides an in-depth study guide. Tests are short and sweet, easy a if you study
Dubois is definitely the easiest MMW11 professor. She doesnt use powerpoint and just talks for the entire class but her lectures are identical to the readings. Her discussion sections are participation based so attendance is mandatory for those but lectures are definitely optional. Exams are straightfoward and follow the study guides closely.
Lectures seriously lull you to sleep but its important to pay attention because she doesn't have Powerpoint slides or anything. Previous reviews about her talking about sex are accurate, she somehow manages to talk about it every single lecture lol. Midterms and final well represented in her study guides
Professor duBois is a very nice woman. She really does care about her students; just go to her office hours for that. She will help with whatll be on the midterm/final. Just be careful with your TA because they can be very tough graders. Her study guides are explicit and you will have a set of directions of what she wants on the tests.
Professor DuBois is a great MMW professor. In lecture she writes key terms on the board and those are pretty much all you need to know to ace the midterm and final. I found her lectures to be interesting and funny.
Grade entirely up to TA, but you're at least guaranteed a B. Lectures are unorganized compared to other professors and it's so easy to fall asleep, but the class is fair. Midterm and final were exactly like study guide, only hard part is IDing passages (you better read), but you can get away with cramming. There's extra credit. Has cool outfits.
She's everything I aspire to be as an old woman. Midterm is so easy, final's pretty easy. Just read the readings and attend most of the classes, this should be an easy A.
She is so funny and I really enjoy going to her class.
She is an extremely nice person. Just make sure not to yawn in class or anything like that or she will call you out. It is a little difficult since her lectures were a little dull. But overall, an easy class. I didn't even have to take the final because she made it optional.
Professor DuBois is a kind woman who is passionate about MMW. Her lectures might be a little long because of her lulling voice, but you learn a lot from the class. She's very lenient, even making the final optional. Overall, I recommend this professor if you want to get an easy grade while still thoroughly learning the material.
I had Prof. DuBois quite a while ago. She was very funny and eccentric, which made this much more than your average male-centric mythology course. I liked her refreshing approach. (Not sure why people complain about not using PowerPoint. It would drain the life out of this kind of class.)
Her lectures are usually interesting and easy to follow. She focuses a lot on passages and artwork for tests, not so much 'textbook' though it's helpful to read it to understand the material. I didn't think the tests were too hard, but it also depends on your TA. But overall, I liked her class.
Page is awesome! Very eccentric but super sweet and passionate about what she is talking about. Very easy final and midterm - both had study guides. You don't need to read the T+E, only read the pages she reads out in class and take notes during lecture. I loved her sex talks! Helped keep class interesting.
Explains concepts of her lecture quite well.She writes an outline of her lecture before class including terms which are of focus(this comes in handy for the midterm). She doesnt just talk about sex, she teaches the vast views of cultures. It's college,be mature and just learn about different cultures
Her scholarly interest in ancient cultures is apparent. As is her want to get students to think seriously and care what kind of world they live in, where it comes from and how one can change one's own self. I learned that you can even change your mind,think differently about things and actually learn something from antiquity.
Professor duBois is crazy! But in a good way. It was always worth it to go to class just to see what she was wearing that day (one day was plaid head to toe...) her lectures seem difficult since she doesn't use powerpoints or anything, but less reading and easier test than others. Just don't sleep!
She has a bad reputation, but she really isn't bad. Her lectures are interesting, clear, well thought out, etc. Although some people are bothered by her constant references to sex, it sometimes helps to make the topic more interesting. Tests are very representative of reading and lecture.
She really marches to the beat of her own drum, but if nothing else, go to class to see what she's wearing today. She's quite intelligent and makes some very interesting points about the material. (Not everything is about sex.) She even remembered my name months after the class was over.
Very witty, funny, and fun. Lectures- bit more complex (than Overton), facts&ideas get linked to other things, which make it hard to follow sometimes. Exams are okay. If you talk to her,she is extremely nice,helpful, and cares so much about your learning.
Her midterm and final tend to be tougher than Overton's and other MMW professors, but if you do the readings, take good notes and study her slides, you'll do super good!! Her lectures may be a bit confusing at first... GO TO HER OFFICE HOURS, she's sonice
Prof. Schuller is indeed not a good teacher. He has strong accent and frequently goes off topic and he is a little bit disorganized since the only thing he writes down during lectures is his calculation. No online homework/clicker needed, no attendance. That's a pro. After all get along with your TA might help a lot, the course itself is not hard
He is entertaining, tries to make sure that the students get it, and is pretty good at explaining the material. His quizes are a bit difficult.
this is probably the easiest class at UCSD, you basically don't even need to attend lecture it is that simple, just look at his old quizzes and 97% of the time the are the same...if u don't get an A in this class you are just DUMB
Funny and really wants you to learn. He'll remember you too
His class is pretty easy, no midterms but quizes. 4 questions for a quiz, and it was straight out from last quarter's quiz. So don't ever need to read the book. Easy class
Easy class, definitely. Study last year's quizzes and you're set. An A is something you can get with literally no work, if you want. But be warned: Phys 2B will be tough if you don't do any work here. Treat it like any other class, study enough, do the problems, get your A, and be prepared for 2B.
Great teacher who works very hard to make sure his students succeed. He is a sarcastic fellow, but don't take anything personally. He's a good guy and its a great class. DO NOT GET BEHIND! Very funny!
Very funny and entertaining. One quote i remember is there is no free lunch . Quizes weren't that bad. 6 questions.
be careful what you voluteer for...in his class
there are 200 people in the class. at the end of the qtr, he knows everyone.
Funny, tough and can be an ass at times
I took 6B with Dr. Hoeger during the winter. The pre-recorded lectures were long and this class required a lot of my time. The exams were HARD but he is generous with his curve. He provided a lot of practice materials (DO THEM!). I was pushed to do well in this class and I do not regret taking his class. Not an easy A, but def worth the effort.
Dr. Hoeger is a great lecturer; it's clear that he knows what he is teaching. However, the lectures a long and so it gets boring quickly. I took advantage of all the resources he provided and it all paid off as I was able get an A in the class. His curves are generous, but THIS CLASS IS NOT AN EASY A. Look for a diff prof if you want an easier A.
Yes his tests are hard, and yes his lectures are long, but he gives his students TONS of resources to learn. However, its up to YOU to take the initiative to use all the resources he gives. He doesnt publish the answers to his exams but DOES go over them in his office hours the following week after the exam. Very organized professor as well!
If we weren't online, I'd totally take Hoeger's class for 40B. his exams are now ridiculously done in order to curb cheating, which wouldn't be the case in in-person classes. The exams (inhibits you from skipping around through questions) is the sole reason I won't take him again. He is a great prof overall, but I know my scores wouldve been higher
Professor Hoeger's class was really difficult, and his tests were really hard too, but he curves pretty heavily on almost everything, so I'm pretty sure most people got a good grade in his class.
Professor Hoeger is one of the best organic professor at UCSD. I highly recommend him, he carefully explains in detail everything you need to know about o-chem. People who say he is mean isn't true he is strict, but very funny. You will also obtain helpful life lessons from him. I learned more from his class than any other class I have taken here.
Probably the best chem prof I've had so far. Although he can be scary/ intimidating, he really makes sure you understand the material. He explains everything really well, tests can be hard but fair w/ a fair curve. Attendance is mandatory and performance points resemble pop quiz questions. You do need to put in effort & do book problems to do well.
His exams are very fair. I've never met a more fair professor. He also doesn't necessarily have the highest expectations for us either, he teaches what will be on the exam and doesn't throw any curve balls. His class is difficult purely due to the vast amount of curriculum that is covered, however I am really glad that I took his class. Worth it!
Funny and teaches very well despite going fast. Could be tough if you don't pay attention in the lecture or don't put effort into your homework but the workload was manageable. His class was definitely more enjoyable than my current chem 6B class. Would recommend if you want a solid foundation.
Generous curve. He goes through things pretty quickly in lecture so be sure to review anything you missed. Read the textbook (!!!); makes hw and tests manageable. You don't have to go to every lecture bc he gives double iClicker points, but I recommend going as much as possible; he's a good lecturer. Lots of resources to help you succeed; use them.
Hoeger is hard, but I found his slides very informational and his lectures very helpful. I relied on the book and practice problems to help me on his tests, which are very out-of-the-box sometimes. Be aware of very hard multiple choice questions. I found him to be a good general chemistry teacher.
Going to lecture is required, but in my opinion, he is a good lecturer. I thought that there were a lot of expectations for the labs, but overall they weren't too hard. Midterms and final are long, but not unfair.
Hoeger's class is very demanding and stressful, especially during the first and final weeks. Even after understanding the lectures and homework, the exams may still catch you off-guard. Overall he genuinely wants students to learn and did tried to provide a "fair" learning experience. Not recommended for people seeking a softer/ happier quarter.
He has clicker questions that do count for attendance and because there isn't a textbook, his lectures are the only source of information that you know for sure is going to be on the test. Tests are hard but the curve is insane so you just have to do better than your peers to get a decent grade. The labs take a lot of your time too.
Definitely one of the harder professors you can take. His tests usually has one that has to deal with something we haven't learned yet. You really need to be on top of things for his class. If you take the time to organize yourself and really study as the course goes along rather than cramming before the midterm you can pull off a high B or A-.
Hoeger's classes are crazy hard, but I definitely learned ochem very well. He is intimidating, mean, and overconfident to the point of absurdity, but he knows his stuff and reviews material well. Go to class- he often turns the podcast off/writes on the board. Averages are low (60 for midterms and 50 for final), so don't take Hoeger for an easy A.
Pretty tough and intimidating guy. He is funny in a sick kind of way, but deep inside his mean grumpy temper he seems to be a nice guy, I went to his office hours once and got scared and left. He knows what he's talking about and gets annoyed when inexperienced ,superficial students question his knowledge. He'll make you learn Ochem. You will learn
40B is a hard class that requires a lot of time and effort. Hoegers lectures are often information heavy rather than explaining why the reaction happens. A lot of on your own learning. But if you take the time to learn the material and do a ton of practice problems then you'll pass the class.
He was a great professor and available outside of class a lot. He never tried to trick you, especially on the finals. I'd take him again.
He's a great lecturer, hilarious with his stories and asides. His tests may be difficult, but doing the recommended textbook problems help a lot. The final (all multiple choice) is much better than the two midterms, which include tricky FRQ. Work hard, and remember textbook is king.
Your grade is Hoegar's class is entirely up to you. If you put in the time and work, you'll end up with an A. If you don't.. good luck. Gives you all the resources you need and is accessible/helpful during office hours. He can seem tough if it's your first class with him, but he's not that bad. Uses a lot of scare tactics to make you work hard.
If you're not very strong in Chem and need to take one of his lower division classes as a requirement, I strongly recommend taking Hoeger! He is very well aware that most of his students in there are only there for the requirement and are non-science major students, so he really takes that into consideration with his grading. Plus, CHEAT SHEETS!
Good teacher. Explains concepts pretty well. Tests are pretty hard though, but doing the homework (which is collected during quizzes) really helps. Has clicker questions during lecture.
He seems like a tough grader, but he's VERY fair. Highly recommend. Teaching style is with powerpoint and thank goodness for podcasts to look back on if you miss something in class.
Make sure you really grasp the material before entering each exam. Lectures are very elaborate and clear. I came out of the class with a really strong grasp of chem.
Hoeger is a good professor. He is probably the most clear professor when it comes to explaining things. His exams are pretty tough, but his curves are amazing. Just do the work and things will fall in place. It's much harder to get an A than a B, though.
I took him my first quarter here, and I was definitely intimidated to the point that I didn't wanna talk to him in person. BUT in person, he is very nice and even sweet, plus he has free candy in his office. If you're struggling with stoichiometry, talk with him in office hours-- he'll save you.
After taking this class I feel prepared to take the 6 series. His tests are kind of hard but as long as you do the homework and a lot of practice problems while studying, it shouldn't be a problem. He's pretty thorough in lecture, but he does have a tendency to not go over many examples.
I liked the way Hoeger taught a lot. He explains everything very well and he doesn't test on stuff that he hasn't explicitly talked about. If you need help with something he will help, and also ask your TA.
Same person here that wrote the other review. But here's advice for the class, He WILL test out of his lectures and powerpoints. Extra assigned problems are useful, but the hints he drops in lectures are extremely relevant to what will be on the test. His first few tests will be fast and hard, so don't give up cuz the final will be worth more!
Between him and albazati, I picked Hoeger because he is hard and a great teacher. If you are going to grad school in chem or doing research, take him! he teaches a lot of things that are not in the book - the practical side of chemistry. He would tell you what happens in the lab.I thought his tests were straight forward and hes NOT ashardasuthink
He's a good concept guy. He doesn't really do examples. He believes in double penalties, and if you get the number incorrect in a free response the most you'll get is 50%.
Dr. Hoeger is one of my favorite professor. He cares about students and he is a athlete fan. He often has 3-hour office hours on MWF. Whenever I have problems, I go to OH and he can explain them in good detail and clarity. Tests are fair but require a lot of thinking and preparing. Do sapling homework and you will be fine.
Hoeger is a really cool guy. Get to know him in OH. I did and am so happy. Got a AB+ (B and C) so the curve is super generous because ended up with a 60%! He really knows his stuff and if you put in time and do the homework like 3 times each I don't see why you can't get a B or above for sure. Study and really try to understand whats happing!
Professor Hoeger is a fun teacher in lecture, but a tough grader everywhere else. Though his lectures are thorough, his tests are much harder than the examples he gives in lectures. The labs add more hard work to what was already tough. Overall, he is a great guy, but if chemistry isn't your strongest subject, the course is going to be tough.
He emphasizes in lecture what's important during the exam or what you should focus on when you study. I like this professor as he explains the concepts well and you can tell he cares about his students. Exams are hard, as they because it truly tests you on the understanding of the material.
Prof. Hoeger cares for his students and wants everyone to pass. Tries to make the class entertaining by saying random jokes throughout the lecture. Has recorded podcasts so if you miss a day you can listen to what you miss. The tests are somewhat hard and studying is required. He has a clear voice and usually explains the concepts thoroughly.
Very clear, very helpful during office hours, but can come off very strong and intimidating. Deep down, he really wants you to pass, but more so, he wants you to learn. Would recommend.
Despite taking this class over the summer(twice as fast) professor Hoeger taught really well. This was the first time I actually enjoyed chemistry. His passion for chem really shows in his teaching. He's always there if you need help. Very good experience.
this course is tough but it gets you prepared for CHEM 6 A B and C. I recommend this professor he really cares about his students.
Hoeger's class is not an easy class, you need to work for your grade! Lectures are detailed. He is funny and will go on interesting tangents. iclickers are used for attendance. Midterms are daunting and quizzes depend on your TA (but one midterm or your quizzes will be dropped). Sapling, Extra Probs. They help a lot for your exam! Good Luck!
He is a very thorough lecturer, because takes is slowly. So slowly that you may fall asleep. If you can maintain consciousness and read, he makes chemistry clear, simple and funny. Keep up, though, because he doesn't hand out grades by any means. Probably the best chem prof on campus. TAKE AT ALL COSTS
While his lectures are boring and in the morning, the information he provides us does help for the exams. I found it helpful to do the homework and read through his annotated slides. As long as you don't procrastinate and study his lectures, you should be fine. Also, you learn a lot in a lecture, so it can be overwhelming.
hate labs. Love his jokes.
He's an entertaining lecturer as well as a person but his exams are impossible. Thankfully they curve. Make sure to do problems&review every day, it won't be too bad.
The most difficult professor I've had at UCSD, but also one of my favorites...Tests are difficult but he is always there to help during office hours...Listen to the advice he gives during class..he doesn't just say it to sound cool...He helps a lot on figuring out how to study!
Hoeger is a good professor, and he is really tough. He grades with a generous curve, but it's still relatively difficult to get an A in his class. You actually learn stuff in his class, however. Also, his podcasts are really helpful. He's also pretty funny.
You will learn a lot from this class. Exams are difficult, quizzes depend on your TA. Curve is really generous at the end of the class. As long as you try, you'll be fine
He is a great teacher. He tried to scare you a lot but it's not that bad. His test was pretty okay. The TA was very helpful as well. Overall the class was okay. Just don't procrastinate and you will do fine. Btw, he loves prof Ternansky a lot and talk about him all the time. It's pretty funny
had him for chem 6a&b. his classes are always 8am...and has clicker for attendance. exams arent easy, but they are reasonable. need to put a lot of time into this class, but this professor definitely helps u learn
Had him for the first two quarters of the 6 series. The first quarter was great, but this quarter he seemed to be more mean spirited than last. Overall a solid professor--you will definitely learn and understand chemistry from taking his classes if you put in the time and effort outside of class. Definitely read ahead before his lectures.
Dr. Hoeger is one of my favorite professors here at UCSD. He was really helpful and actually cares for his students. Just have to pay attention during lecture and do the assigned homework and you'll pass the class. The labs were super fun too!
I started out thinking that I was failing his class, but I ended up with an A :D His first midterm might scare you, but don't give up because the second one and the final will bring you up. Very resourceful. GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS (including collaborate sessions). Not gonna lie though, he's really scary and sort of patronizing.
he is really strict for students. you need to spend lots of time doing online homework. however, all things he made you to learn are very useful. he is a good professor.
Very clear in lectures. He has podcasts for if you miss class but also uses an iClicker for attendence points. If you pay attention youll do just fine.
I loved how he explains everything about your grades and the course. But his final was a bit ambiguous in some of the questions. But overall, a top notch professor
He went through the material pretty well. Iclicker makes lecture mandatory. NEVER used the textbook, only the registration code for the homework. Tests were a little difficult, but doable. Go to lecture, do the homework, and you'll get an A.
great professor, makes the class interesting with some fun comparisons and all, but very strict. Overall I learned a lot from him, just a bit intimidated to go to his office hours haha!
Dr. Hoeger is a great professor! His exams are pretty hard, and my TA gave pretty difficult quizzes as well. The class is quite stressful as you will get low grades on the exams, but the curve is great! I went into the final with a D according to my raw scores and came out with an A-! I definitely recommend him as he is a great professor :)
his tests were extremely fair..if you did the hw and understood it..guaranteed to do well.Very nice and helpful during office hours..nice curve...definitely a lot of hard work but if you go to class and do the homework..should get a good grade :)hes also got a sarcastic sense of humor so be aware of that ..haha
He's a great professor and really tries to break down the chem concepts for you. He teaches by slides, and sometimes he goes really fast...so you have to go back to podcast to make up on what was said. He's also crazy hard and a 60% average on exams is considered amazing. The class is curved and dropping one midterm for a quiz score really helps.
Hoeger is a great professor. He might seem like tough/strict at first, but he's actually a pretty cool guy. Likes LOLcats. Too bad I never had a real conversation with him since I get soooo intimidated (by anyone) so easily. ):
Great
I dropped chem 6A in the fall and took it again in the winter. He was much more helpful than Professor Czech... He posts lectures, podcasts, suggested problems, practice quizzes and midterms. He's very organized, approachable and dedicated to your learning. I recommend him!
Two midterms, one final, homework, and participation. You can drop your lowest midterm, or reduce the weight of your final if that's best for your grade. Exams are hard (Honors class!) but won't expect you to know anything beyond what was taught or in the book. Prof. Hoeger is funny with tons of anecdotes... as long as you don't cheat on tests!
Extremely helpfull! Go to his office hours! He comes across as a little harsh at first, but is actually very fair, and a really good teacher.
8 in the morning is not fun but the class is pretty fun. Take his class! :)
hated him at first but later decided he's pretty cool. 140B is a TON of hard information. it requires HOURS and HOURS of work. pay attention to what he WRITES vs slides in lecture. it's on the exam. maybe objectives aren't always crystal clear at first but it is clear that he's VERY available for help and that he wants his students to succeed.
OK. Let's get real. This is O CHEM. Email me and I'll give you a Benjamin if you can find a Chem 140B class that isn't difficult. Hoeger tops all my other chem profs (Itook 140A twice) in terms of clarity and teaching style. Yes, tests are hard, but he has a grading system that is very fair (drop a test, final 2x points which if you do well helps)
Awesome professor, his arrogance is the best. But he still cares about his students, even when hiding it in lecture. His tests are hard, but that is honestly expected for OCHEM. Yes he does require homework, but in OCHEM it is practically required in order for you to do well in the class. Most of the TA's will be helpfull as well.
Very good professor, I would definitely recommend him. Make sure to read the book and do the homework problems. He is also very helpful in office hours.
He's not a bad professor. He just makes weird jokes sometimes. His classes are usually in the early mornings though.
he knows his stuff, but NOT FAIR IN GRADING THO!!! I had a 75% whereas a friend had a 43%, and the other had a 55% in the class before our final exam. I received a better grade than both on the final....and somehow we all ended up getting a C for chemistry. and we all had the same ta!! which doesn't make sense. if u take him, don't even try........
probably the BEST prof in the entire chemistry department. Comes off harsh at first, but he has to lecture 300 people! He's a nice guy guy, really. The class required a lot of self-motivation and it really prepared me for my other classes in college. I agree with all the POSITIVE comments... HOEGER is a must! class at 8am, however, is not.
Great professor, but the ta's weren't that great. Go to lecture! exams based more on lecture than on the textbook readings. be sure to have a strong background in calculus if u wanna take the honors series. The curve at the end was extremely generous.
two honors chem classes with him - A's in both. he's super clear and lectures are clicker points anyways so go to lecture. when his tests are too easy, it's stupid because the people who get points off are just careless. his harder tests are legit - how an honors class should be but they can be long. oh and he likes lolcats. awesome guy.
Great Professor! Explains the material very well. As long as you do the homework and actually try to understand the concepts behind it, you'll do fine in the class! Class average is usually low but he grades on a curve.
He is a good professor. I learned a lot from him. His tests are extremely difficult, but the good thing about it is that it's curved. If you do poorly on one of your midterms, then you can drop it only if you did well on your final. He's funny at times. Labs are worth a lot of points, as well. Your lowest lab score will be dropped.
he is very hard but then he can really teaches; heck, hes the one that wrote the textbook! [part of it btw] if you really want to learn chem i recommend that you take him because he's very clear at teaching. but watch out! he's pretty hard so don't you fall behind!!
Dr. Carl Hoeger and his ragtag group of TA's are an elite group of "GPA assassins". Nothing personal against the guys. I did well enough. But, be forewarned, his classes are like boxing a kangaroo. Once you get down, you can't get back up.
very good prof for chem 6 honors series. exams are difficult but fair, curves are generous. has very good TA's (but do not take liz)
Awesome professor! Take his class if you can!
He knows his stuff so he has a right to be on the arrogant side. Very good professor.. you learn a lot. Quizzes in section help a lot, and almost everyone passes. Just go to class, do practice tests and you'll be fine
Go to his lecture. His lecture is helpful. If you didn't go you have to read the book. His tests are pretty hard. It makes you think. Try to do well in quiz, but if you don't well, you should still study for it. Those quiz will be pretty good practice.
Definitely a hard class! He's pretty good, but I wished he did more examples on the board like Johnson. I do not know whether he notices it or not, but his personality tends to belittle the people who come in for help or on e-mails. Nonetheless, he is a funny and knowledgeable guy. I would take him over most other chemistry professors.
Hoeger is definitely a hard professor, however he makes things clear in lecture and definitely knows what he is talking about. Attendance to lectures is key for getting a good grade in class and outside studying is highly recommended.
Chem 4 is something that only Hoeger teaches, Fall quarter only. It is a GREAT intro to the 6 Series. I took 6A after it, got an A+. Its a great into course, with even an intro lab. You cover basic principles of chem, nothing too hard. Its a great GPA boost and Hoeger is a great professor to start your chemistry Career with! TAKE CHEM 4! seriously.
AWESOME PROFESSOR! Went to his Chem4 (Basic Chem) class knowing almost NOTHING, and learned a lot. Easy to understand and teaches the concepts well during his lectures. Has a sarcastic sense of humor, but means well. Tests ARE hard and stresses on calculations in his exams. However, with the curves you'll be fine :)
hoeger makes everything very clear to understand.i came into chem4 knowing nothing.he's really good.do all the homework problems, more than once.cause his midterms are killer!!!and labs are fun, and if you get amy, you are sooooo lucky.so yeah, hoeger is a good prof, just tests real hard.
Professor Hoeger is an amazing professor over all. I had a terrible experience in high school chemistery and went in to Chem4 knowing virtually nothing. I now feel entirely prepared for the coming chemistry series, and plan on taking Hoeger all the way through it.
He really knows what he is talking about and seems to enjoy teaching. There is a lot of work for this class, but no surprises. His tests dont necessarily have tricky problems, just make sure you know EVERYTHING he has mentioned because you are liable for it. Just do the work, study, and you'll get the grade that you deserve.
People often complain that he is hard, but I think he's a fantastic teacher just teaching a hard subject. Take him for 6A and you will be well prepared for the rest of the series. Exams are hard, but manageable.
I honestly think that he's the best teacher I've ever had. This is the first UC class I've taken and was worth it. He is very clear and to the point. He makes the material understandable and almost fun. His tests can still be a bit tough but as long as you study, there should be no problem. Podcasts are helpful b/c his lectures help. Highly recomme
He's a very entertaining professor and he goes off on tangents a lot. Podcasts for his lecture are the best thing ever, especially if you want to sleep in. However, don't depend on them to get a good grade; going to lecture is the best way to get a good grade.
Tough as nails, but a great lecturer. Really funny, and he loves his honors class kids. The textbook he uses is hard and the tests are really hard too. But he curves everything and generously.
He is generally a good lecturer, though he does have his bad days once in a while. His tests, can be a little difficult, particularly his final, but there is a HUGE curve in the end so its all good. And he is hilarious.
he makes lectures interesting, even at 8 in the morning. available for help if needed. the midterms are definitely challenging and require a lot of studying, but the curve makes everything better.
Hoeger is a unique teacher with a profound teaching style. Though he may at times lack tact, Hoeger tries his best to make the material at hand understandable to his students. Yeah, you're going to go crazy on the midterms and final, but if you work hard you will be rewarded with at least a B.
Tough class but as long as you do all of your work, it's not too bad. The tests are tough but labs are pretty easy and attendance points help a lot. He's a really funny guy and the last lecture of the quarter is great.
He's a really funny guy and makes understanding chemistry easier. He does assign a lot of homework but it's basically problems that give you practice for the midterms/final. He's very awake for 8am lectures, so that's a good thing. He doesn't require you to show up to lectures but you do get points for showing up because he can record your atten
most awesome chem prof i had. he speaks VERY clearly and at times slowly so he gives you time to jot down notes. have to survive his 8:00am classes. i found myself ending up sleeping almost every session. hella lotsa hw, but guarantees prep for exams, esp nomenclature and stoichimetry. but his labs are a TOTAL PAIN IN THE ASS!
Lecture seems like a conversation, he just talks about it and throughs in funny comments. There is a lot of work to do and midterms are hard.
His midterms and finals are pretty hard. You look at your grade and you feel bad. But when you look at your end grade, you passed. He tries his best to pass everyone. He is funny and knows his stuff. Recommended for sure!
he was great
Really have to know your stuff to do well, but he's a great lecturer. Great sense of humor and his TAs were really good too.
I had Hoeger for both 6B and 6C, while he is demanding and expects a lot from his students, he gives very generous curves, and is willing to help. Go to office hours, do your homework, go to section (and do well on quizzes) and you'll be fine. i highly recommend him.
He is HARD! You learn sooo much though. If med school is the goal, take Hoeger, if not, take someone else for easier grading.
Excellent prof. He explains stuff clearly. The tests are difficult, but they are doable. Grading is fair, and hard work is rewarded. You will learn a lot in this class. Just make sure that you understand how to do homework problems well before the tests.
Hoeger's a great professor. His speech is absolutely clear & helpful.. I'm so glad I took him for Chem 4C because I'm taking Ostreicher for chem 6A right now and barely learn anything! Hoeger's strict on grading, but hey! hard work pays off! you'll learn a lot from him..:)
His exams are difficult, but he explains the material well. He is also pretty available for extra help (although he didn't seem that nice when I went to talk to him, but he was helpful nonetheless). He's a good teacher. You'll have a firm grasp of the material after taking his class.
Like he says on the first day of class - do the homework and you WILL get an A. The test problems are identical to the homework problems, with only minor changes (things like values). There are no new concepts on exams, only the things you should have already done if you did your homework. By far the easiest and most helpful prof. ever!
lectures are extremly clear and easy to follow. Just do not miss class and study hard for his tests
He's hilarious in class and in my opinion a good teacher. He's seems tough, but as long as you do the hw and look over the book, you'll do fine. Although....the exams were pretty hard.
Can be intimidating but get over that because he is a good professor. He lectures clearly and tries to make chem as interesting as humanly possible.
Great lecturer, takes time to write notes on board, exams are okay if you know the book well and did hw problems. Midterms are okay but I find the final a little more difficult. But take him if you want to learn chemistry and has to do with your major because you will benefit in the end.
comes off as intimidating, but if you go to lecture and do all the required hmwk, you should do well on the tests. definately recommend taking him for 6a after you had chem 4; it'll be cake.
very clear & detailed lectures, few crude jokes here & there.. labs were hard but luckily everything was curved.. homework checked & necessary b/c midterms were based on them.. if you read & do hw you'll be fine. kind of scary went to office hours once & didn't seem like he was willing to help..
Superb chemistry instructor. Has serious teaching skills. His exams are tough, but if one does all of the assigned problems and then some he/she should be alright.
this class is pretty hard...his midterms you have to know how to apply crap but he hints at what is going to be on the test like some specifics in class. he is sort of mean to people at times but its jokingly. his final was crazy hard but what do you expect it is an honors class.
Must go to lectures. A lot of homework assignments but yet you have homework checkups and it doesnt matter if its wrong or right just as long you show your work. Labs pretty hard, not much help from TA's available. Exams pretty hard. Luckily the % grade is lower so if you have 78% its a B-.
Thisis a HARD class no matter who teaches it. Dr. Hoeger makes it easier to get through. The material is still hard, but he ACTUALLY explains it (most professors just tell you to read the book). The 8AM start time is tough, but his lectures are worth it. He's the best chem professor I've had.
Very clear lectures, good teacher, sometimes funny, but quite hard.
He's a total ass; but his class is so scary that it forces you to understand chemistry. If you are really interested in learning about the subject, take his class. If you're looking for a GPA booster, I wouldn't recommend it.
comes off as an ****, but it's all for show. the lectures are really helpful, and from what i've heard, a hell of a lot better than dr. rice's. he puts old exams on his website. the only bad thing was the 8AM time, but i did make it to all of them.
He is a good teacher. I think he likes to come off more mean or harder than he actually is. His tests were not tricky at all, really straight forward. Nice guys... lots of office hours and pretty helpful if you take the time to go in!
hard........
he's a good teacher but his personality sucks, he's a total **** who's quite full of himself. he is the best 6c teacher however and unfortunately he knows it too
i thought his "bad cop" demeanor a bit annoying, but he's a talented lecturer. great that he put together supplemental material to help us. his CDs were awesome! my 2nd time taking the course, he was supportive and sincere.
Hoeger is really good at explaining chemistry. You'll learn a lot. His exams are a complete nightmare, but you can replace your section grade with one of the midterms. Make sure you have a good TA (John)
He's a good professor, tries to teach the material very well and really helps you if you need him. But his exams are really hard and the class is a lot of work. The homework and studying takes up SOOOO much time.
he is very clear when lecturing. some of his jokes are funny :)his lectures are not that boring. although, his tests are pretty hard. the first midterm is a easier than the second midterm. so dont get tricked. you can learn a lot from this prof.
Great Professor. Does a good job preparing you for Chem6A! Tests are difficult, but if you make it out of bed for the 8am lecture, it really helps! Also, he's a funny guy.
He's a good professor, but this class is really hard. Don't take honors unless you are REALLY into chemistry. He thinks he's hilarious, which tends to get annoying, but you get used to it after a while. You'll do okay in this class if you study..a LOT.
Good lectures. Arrogant but entertaining professor. Very available, he even has an AIM name to answer quick questions. Test are hard but fair.
This guy can be jerk sometimes, but he definetly knows his stuff. The lectures explain everything so you'll very rarly have to read the book, but you should definetly do the recommended problems, because his test tend to be pretty hard.
interesting teacher, but his exams were difficult because it was very tricky. If you want to learn, take him.
Although the tests are pretty hard, Hoeger is that good; his explanations are pristine and really cares about his students' learning. His lectures on CD, office hours, and website all help SO much.
Hoeger was one of the most enthusiastic professors I've seen in the department.
Someone needs to tell him hoeger is not pronouced hayger :) otherwise he rocks
Hoeger rules so much that we even named a curve after him...
Awesome professor!! Really clear during his lecture (except his occasional mumbles). Podcasts so don't need to go to class. The whole test is written (emphasizes a lot of passage ID). DO THE READING!! And lectures help a lot for the terms. Need to spent a considerable amount of time reading/writing essay.
AMAZING professor! I loved his style of teaching so much I now have him for MMW 3. He is so funny, and the reader he assembles really helps you learn the material. Exams are fair. Take him you won't regret it!!
He is one of the best lecturers ever! If you want to do good on the midterm and the final exam, i recommend going to class because he has terms on the board and is very clear and organized when he explains them. These terms will most likely be ID's on the tests. But as for your essay grades, that really depends on your TA.
Definitely one of the best professors I've ever had. Probably my favorite, actually. Loves his students, & a genuinely nice/fun person in office hours. He's extremely knowledgeable and if you take pretty good notes, do the readings, and actually study, you'll do great. His tests are fairly detailed, but note taking is easy if you're on your toes.
Though the material was intense, as always Prof Chamberlain was clear and knowledgeable. If you have an interest in the classics, he is a must. His background spans so much history and he's always so interested in what he's teaching.
writes terms on the board which makes it easy to follow him in lecture. He's funny at times,dry humor. Cut and dry and straightforward gets to the point.
Chamberlain is a very good professor. Very clear, although boring at times. Not too much reading, and his tests are very fair.
one of the most straightforward and clear professors that I've had at UCSD. Not only does he outline exactly what he'll be doing, but he is very interesting while he's givng you relevant information. This is rare!
Excellent prof. Seriously knows his Greek and Roman history, fairly well versed on MMW material. Tests are long and really test what you know. Graders and TAs are key to good grades. He wants to get to know his students so talk to him, he's helpful. A must take professor if you're not afraid of a challenge. You will learn tons.
Chamberlain is an excellent lecturer who knows what he's talking about. His views are slightly eurocentric due to his immense passion for Greek topics which is his (speciality);however he lists ke y terms on the board. This class is definitely hard because of all the readings and it's really all about your TA who does the grading. But good professo
Lectures are well organized, easy to grasp course material because of key terms listed on board before class starts. Professor is very well read and knows his**** but extremely serious. Clear speaker, clear lectures, over all good professor
Chamberlain is a very engaging speaker and makes going to lecture interesting. Tests are fair and are represntative of the assigned reading. However, going to lecture is a must if you want to do well on tests. As is the case with MMW, the TA makes or breaks your grade, and unfortunately many of the TAs were very inexperienced this quarter.
...For all the wonderful ratings, he seemed a bit over-rated. He IS nice, and he's definitely one of the better profs here, but I wouldnt think of him as one of the best. He's kind of old, I guess I was expecting more youthful enthusiasm and spirit. Nevertheless, interesting class, interestingly taught, easy notes, fair exams, weird picture slides.
At first he seemed a little dry, but once he got going he was fairly hilarious. Learning the Bible with him was great. "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's ass." Ah, wisdom.
I had him for Stylistics & Grammar -- GRAMMAR, MY FRIENDS -- and it turned out to be my favorite course of the quarter. Funny, easygoing, fantastic reading, great class.
This professor is great, but the class is hella hard. The reading is insane, but if u keep up, then u should be fine, but i got screwed since i didn't read as much as i should have!
Very good lecturer. He kept my attention pretty well. He seems like a friendly guy.
Lectures a bit disorganized. But he puts terms on the board. I enjoyed his class. He was funny at times too. A good TA is a must; they grade everything.
His lectures are very interesting, but his tests are kind of difficult because he expects you to dipsplay "mastery" of each subjest on the tests.
Witty, informative, and in tune with his students
Great lecturer - kept course interesting.
evil tests, but intesting lectures
cant help the subject, cute lil prof!
Made even MMW fun
A very interesting and engaging guy. One of the few profs that I like!
Guy has more Greek in his head than I do anything in mine.
Murakami is extremely funny and manages to keep students awake with his countless stories about mediocre engineers from Japan. He is passionate about engineering and inspires students to love what they do and aspire to change the world through engineering. He always mentions how many mediocre students turn out to be great engineers and vice versa.
Never had programming before, so I learned a lot. He is funny, but wastes time every now and then (which is annoying b/c we could just get out early). Go to the TA sessions, they help a lot. It's easy at the beginning but gets harder. Don't just let your friends do the work for you - the final is in class. Very time consuming at the end.
By far the most time consuming class I have ever taken. This guy is hilarious though, and he teaches really well. He was my last teach of the day and I still always looked forward to his class. THere was a lot of work though, both written calculations as well as MatLab. Had an impossible final but graded it leaniantly. Definitely reccommend.
Very funny
He has a bit of an accent, but it is still not that hard to understand him. He makes lecture fun because he's freaking hilarious. Don't forget to read the book!
He's a very nice and funny professor. It will probabaly take a few class to get use to his accent. Easiest MAE 9 professor on campus, all his hw, quiz, and final are take homes. So it's an easy A.
His accent is really not that bad, and his textbook, while not well written, contains programs nearly idential to what he assigns! You don't have to go to class or be a computer wiz to get an A in here. Just look in the book!!!
great professor...hes so funny!
He is nice, goes into detail on proofs and derivations if the class wants to see it, gives practice exams, allows a cheat sheet, punctual, has an awesome and helpful TA who goes into detail on matters anyone needs more help on. Gives extra office hours that are agreeable to most people in the class to prepare for the midterm and final.
I really liked him; he gives easy quizzes every week which helped me to catch up on material before it's too late. His midterm/final are easy and he gives a good curve too. He is also very approachable and is eager to listen to students' questions and is eager to admit his mistakes in calculations etc. Overall, I really liked his quiz policy.
Very laid back teaching style, but gets the message across. Tests fair, but do need to read and do work.
Great teacher! Some may not like his German accent, but he clearly loves what he teaches and makes even the most boring things seem interesting.
Interesting problems. Can be difficult to follow, so don't be afraid to ask questions.
Don't understand why people say mean stuff about Prof Gacs. I personally think he's great. Very helpful during office hours, always friendly and willing to explain again and again. I always ask him questions about homework. His thoughts are very clear if you are willing to listen. Perhaps his lectures are not amazing but they are far from horrible.
While he is perhaps not the clearest lecturer, Gacs is vastly underrated by his students. He chooses interesting topics and actually explains them in class, and is willing to discuss further with students after class and in his office hours. The class is challenging but the techniques learned are truly valuable.
Strict on the surface, but quite friendly to those that try to do the homeworks thoroughly and ask questions. I was surprised to see so many negative comments, and felt I have to add my 2 cents.
This class was not difficult whatsoever as long as you read the notes, which could not be spelled out any easier for you. 3 exams - all mult. choice. Attendance not mandatory, but he takes it for stat purposes. Posts all lecture notes online, so all you have to do is sit and listen. I missed a bunch of classes, read the handouts, and got a B. Take!
He is very chill and smokes a lot of cigs before class, so he is always late. He uses bad language and says inappropraite things in class. Tests are very hard and everyone gets a different test so don't cheat. His lectures are so confusing and boring. He knows so much that he thinks everyone is on his level. His lectures are hard to follow.
GREAT GUY. Don't listen to all the bad reviews about him. You have to be a complete idiot to fail his class becuase he posts all his prior exams online and makes new exams from them. He is always willing to help students. Only thing bad is you have to teach yourslef mostly and his lectures are dry.
extremely smart guy. test are really difficult. you have to study! studying practice test online is the best way to do well on the tests. if you get an A average on all 3 tests you dont have to take the final. very reasonable guy. told everyone who did well on the final he would make it worth more to raise their grade. attendance not mandatory.
Has old exams on-line similar to new, no attendance, but you may blow exams if you miss too much. If you come to class, read the text, do homework, you can earn an A; but if you are going to skip class, not do any work, you will definitely fail, & do not register (he has grade stats online from prior semesters). He is fair, nice guy, super smart.
Easy class! You copy down notes from the overheard EVERY class period. 3 HW assignments total, 1 before each test. They only help you. His previous tests from other years are on his website and they are IDENTICAL to the tests you take. If you can memorize answers on his old tests, then it'd a piece of cake to get at least a B. never used my notes
Really cool teacher! Some material gets confusing, but if you study the notes you'll do good. Doesn't care if you come to class! If you get A's on all of the three tests, he gives you and automatic A and you don't have to take the final! Willing to help you if you need it. Good class
difficult, lost of notes, but helpful if you need it. fair...
He's a very intellegent guy. Gives lectures, expects people to copy notes (good idea to do so), and gives pretty good examples. If you don't pay attention in class you will probobly do poorly on the exams. Copy Notes, try to understand, Read the book if you don't understand the notes, and deffinately take the practice tests online!!!
Is a nice guy and does make you take extensive notes during the lecture. Is willing to help you during office hours. Never read book, just did a few practice exams before each test (that he posts online). Overall not that bad, just study. Even made the final worth 60% if it would help you out.
Be ready to become a Writing Machine cause you have to write everything he puts on the overhead....strangely funny,hard and long exams, make sure you go to class and take his practice tests(online) so you can get a decent grade.
Great teacher. Grade is based on 4 exams and a few short homework assignments. The tests are something you really have to study hard for. Good teacher, and always has funny tidbits of information during class :)
hard tests, but posts old ones online. if you need to really know macro, take him and show up to every class...its hard, but you dod learn alot
Very tough, always reminding you of his PhD. If you go to class and take previous exams online, solid B. He is a horny old man type though, so flirt girls!
gives you opportunity to pass, but you need to study
Hes a very nive guy- college kid at heart- learned a lot for a tough class- take this class if u need it for your Gen Ed requirement
Class requires a lot of note taking! His test are moderately hard.
great guy
learn macro or do not pass, not a blow off class, good class website with exams
Awesome
Dr. Hu is one of the smartest professors I know and is on top of the computer science industry. Very good, honest personality.
You will never appreciate this teacher until you're 25-30 years old. I used to butt heads with him all the time. He's, however, the best instructor I've ever had.
Professor White is awesome! She is very passionate about writing and helping her students. She gives great constructive criticism because she wants all of her students to succeed.
Hes a really nice guy and will got out of his way to help you. Some of his assignments were lame but I really enjoyed the class and I fully recommend him to any french student.
The tests are pretty difficult and on a lot of material. I used the CD that came with the Purves book because it had chapter outlines, but you really need to know your s--- to get an A. On the bright side, the final is 80% questions repeated from previous exams so it was easy in my opinion.
Very nice. The class was boring, but Braun designed the syllabus. :-)
Karen is wonderful. This class was one of the hardest I have ever taken, but was because that I am a theatre major and an actor so I really care about what I'm learning. The assignments are long and difficult, but are relevant. READ THE ASSIGNED READING. The final exam is a performance and a 10-12 hour (!!!) exam on the reading.
great teacher!
Don's a great prof.
Great teacher!
She is an awesome teacher.
BI 121 anatomy and physiology is a difficult class. Dr. Forbes creates very difficult tests, you will have to work hard, but you will learn. No free rides, you earn your grade. I highly recommend Dr Forbes, his management of lab time was phenomenal.
So awesome. Uses good examples in class and lets everyone get envloved with lectures. Knows a ton about what she is teaching and is very willing to help outside of class. (and post all notes on blackboard)
Barely any stress. Study exactly what she tells you to study on review, show up to class, do the outlines and you'll get an A. I like that she is involved in what she teaches.
Professor Stolba was great. Take good notes and be sure to study your notes well for the tests.
easy HW. tests are HARD. drops lowest test. no need to attend lectures
He kept me entertained while I still learned a lot. He was helpful and made all students a priority.
A great professor, hot if you like older men....grrrr
Great teacher!
He's a little nuts but he's very smart and is really interested in the subject of CS146. I'd strongly recommend him for that class.
This class was super fascinating and Dr. Fox is very knowledgable and makes the class very interesting. He talks without bias and explains abstract concepts simply. That being said, this class is also very difficult. The exams are very difficult worth so much of your grade and he assigns so many readings. You need to put in the work to get an A.
so intelligent, a great teacher in many ways
Schmieg really isn't as bad as people say. In addition to attending lectures, where it was hard to pay attention, I rewatched the UD captures online and took notes from that. I also read the textbook which was helpful. Tests are sort or difficult, but if you study a lot and put in effort, there's no way you can't get at least an A- in the class.
Dr. Link is a great professor. Although his lectures are complex, they make the material more understandable. His tests aren't very hard because he guves you review tests. Also, he tends to keep the class on a light note sometimes with top tens and political videos.
Prof. Link is a good guy. I happened to like econ so I enjoyed the class, but I know people who didn't. Lectures are very professional though and the review sessions are helpful. You can't go wrong with Prof. Link
Link definitely knows his stuff...problem sets can be really confusing at times but one of the first profs I've had where the exam reviews actually give you insight into what will be on the tests. Lots of little extra-credit assignments too, they add up.
Mrs Bailey is a really nice professor! she has time for her students. She answers all the questions. Her well organized way to do things helped me succeed in her class. I would definitely recommend her
only reason I got the grade I needed in this class is because of having this prof. Make sure to take him if at all possible. Workload is very high and by no means an easy class but Roger makes every effort to help you if you need it. TAKE HIM AT ALL COSTS!
Mays is very quirky but its obvious she cares about her students and understands that not everyone is a math whiz. As long as you do the homework you should be set for the test. Attendance is judged based on group "quizzes" or worksheets done in class and she only counts the 1st 12. BUT, lecture is important to pass the class.
Professor Mays is super helpful when you don't understand something and is willing to help people out. She's understanding and is really clear with her grading criteria, she is constantly nitpicking which can be annoying but it's something you get used to. Overall she's great if math isn't your thing as she's clear and willing to go over things.
Professor Mays is an awesome prof to take. She explains problems in more than one way possible and is always there to answer questions. She is very clear in when due dates are also.
Best class and prof ever had. Crazy guy, makes you want to come to class!
I loved having her as a professor. She was good about explaining things if you don't understand and is overall pretty helpful. Skipping class is a bad idea because even though the power points are posted, there are many notes that aren't on those.
Don't buy the textbook, you won't even look at it. Go to class and pay attention to every single little detail she says and write it on the ppt slide. She puts them online so it's easy to follow. Some of the test is word for word from lecture, some requires application of knowledge. Learned a ton, hated her at first, but learned to respect her.
Prof. Matthews is an awesome teacher. She knows her stuff and doesn't teach at a level that's way over your head. HARD tests and quizzes, though...class is graded only and tests and quizzes, so study hard. Biology is a tough class but she is always willing to help and makes it so much easier to understand.
she is one of the best profs yet! I failed bio120 when i took it first semester, but with her I passed with a c! I strongly recommend her to everyone!
Very nice and funny professor, take her if you get the chance!
Very nice guy, exams, etc. are reasonable
Awesome teacher! I was so nervous for this class but once I got into it, it became my favorite class. And I hate science! He is very helpful and clear.
Mr. Ledrick is the sweetest guy ever. In some odd way his humor makes him a little attractive for an older guy, haha. Health was pretty simple, he had some things that were on the test that weren't in the book or in our notes but if you read and take good notes you'll do well. He's fun!
Over stuff you already know, show up and get an A.
Awesome prof, take him if you can, doesn't make you feel stupid
Really knows what she's talking about! She's willing to help you out if you ask for it, don't expect her to baby you though. Believe her when she tells you that you need to be always working on your project. I thought I was on top of it the whole semester and I still ended up pulling a couple all nighters to finish.
He is by far one of the best professor I have had and he actually wants his students to do good. I realized that it is a hard class and only having chem your sophomore year in high school may make things difficult. He made his lectures very funny and interesting and I think he was a great professor even though I'm not a big chem person.
This was a challenging class and you have to be committed to do well in it but Matchett makes class fun and interesting. I'm in 241 now and I was very well prepared for it after taking 115 and 116 with him. I highly recommend Matchett!
Every class I've ever had with him has been entertaining, to say the least. He's one of those profs that'll do just about anything to make sure you're both learning and understanding. You may have to work your butt off, but it'll pay off.
TESTS ARE TOUGH, but she allows an index card so that's helpful. She is very clear about her expectations on tests and that's very appreciated! Her notes/youtube videos are extremely helpful in understanding the materials as well. Be familiar with each case and definitely watch the movies, they're always on the test. She's a prof who cares!
Everything he taught was very clear. The exams were fair but the final exam was challenging. He knows what he's talking about.
Very knowledgable professor. As demanding as grad course should be. He is friendly, you just have to earn his respect. Not good for slackers.
He is an extremely nice teacher and really cares about the subject matter he is teaching. I began to struggle on the tests in this class, but he was willing to work with me on improving my study methods and he helped to make me a better student overall. I enjoyed his class and would defnitely recommend him!!
Very down to earth Prof, definitely knows his algae! Very nice to talk to and very informative on a lot of topics. His teaching style is pretty traditional but he expects you to know your stuff! I would definitely reccomend if you need a plant course, or you want to make a friend!
This class is not a cake walk. You will learn a ton, but need to put some effort forth. You earn your grade, which makes it worth it. He's corny, but his tuft of hair and wiggly eyebrows can be entertaining.
I thought he did a good job for teaching research and in the end the project kept the class intersting. He is always wanting you to do good and will always help you out if you just ask and take the time to talk to him!
Wonderful Prof! Knows his subject matter very well and cares deeply about his students. Great sense of humor - very understanding if you have to turn in an assignment late now and then. Don't miss his lectures,as most of the course content comes during class, not the text. Reasonable workload. Show up, pay attention participate & you'll do well!
She tells great stories from her childhood in Spain and she has a great sense of humor.
No book for this course. Some test questions come out of no where. Overall i would say she is a pretty good teacher.
Dr. Quarnstrom is a very good professor. I highly suggest pre-writing all the essays for the exams she is willing to read them and tell you what to add. This class was not difficult, she likes participation. As far as her politics go, she is pretty moderate in class, not leaning too far one way or the other. I would definitely recommend.
He's funny. Definitely a lecture-heavy class and the quizzes are in person, so it's important to attend. There are 2 exams, a weekly quiz, and a final paper. Tests are worded kind of funny, though, and a lot of the material is easy to mix up. I loved attending class but the testing and paper were a little challenging. Overall a good class, though.
Professor Lange is the most entertaining professor i have ever had. Always saying the hilarouis things in class . Not a difficult class if you keep up with the online sam projects. Lectures are pointless to go to besides the lab.
Great Prof. Take him if you can. Funny and helpful. Get homework done.
Dr. Henderleiter is so understanding and kind. The content is hard, but she is always willing to help if you reach out. I would email her and get a response pretty quickly with a long response, making sure I understood everything. She posts modules with lecture videos and some assignments, and those along with the quiz/test are due weekly.
wouldn't change anything learned a lot
Great professor, easy to meet with outside of class
Easy class, and interesting prof. Just don't take it at night.
I really enjoyed taking Yan. Interesting perspective on topics, open-minded with opinions (as long as you give them). Loves participation, 5 EASY hwks: 1 page each and credit is given if you do it. Tests are hard- use study guides, and ask questions. she really does want students to succeed.
Yen is one of the most passionnate and professional profs in the sociology department. She will do anything she can to help a student. You have to get used to the accent but she really makes it easy to think of her as an equal and not a superior.
She loves writing and gets the material across but she is very abrasive and talks A LOT! Not good if you aren't an auditory learner.
Great teacher, always willing to help even at the last minute. Although she does repeat herself often, and makes you sleepy. She demands alot from her students and cares for them.
Paul created a really positive team feel in the class, and made it clear he was on our side. The ideas are abstract and thus hard to discuss, but one of the best elements of the class was the struggle to understand and demonstrate those concepts. Project instructions are confusing, but he'll review your ideas as much as you want before it's due.
Easy Gen-Ed course with open note tests. Grade is only based on 3 tests and 2 assignments, though. She is a crazy lady... in a good way.
Professor Burns made online learning so easy! He was very organized and very understanding, the assignments and quizzes that were given were through Cengage and all were easily found on BB. Although there was a lot of material to read, the assignments and quizzes were easy and I learned a lot from this class even though it was all online.
Difficulty: High - Homework: 1 paper/week - Exams: All MC. Questions are well written and intended to not be confusing - One of the best professors I've ever had. Papers are relatively short but he requires quite a bit of thought into each one. He's somewhat of an awkward genius but very willing to meet and help if you just ask.
trys to get to know each student, nice guy, tests are hard but class is worth it
I would recommend him to anyone...really tries to make the class comfortable
Dr C is probably the best professor I have ever had. Don't be afraid of him, he loves when people come to see him for extra help! He doesn't take crap, though, so do the work and come to class always! If show that you are really trying, you will be rewarded!
Funny, FRESH prof! Knows his stuff. Don't be afraid of him, he won't bite!
Professor Tripp was very tough at the beginning of the sequence, but he had warned us about it. He is very specific in the kind of writing he expects from students, but going to office hours is helpful. He also lets you do rewrites for papers. Second semester honors was way better! I enjoy the class and the books we read are very good as well.
Goes off on some crazy tangents once in a while. When he comes back he is a really intelligent guy. Good class.
I don't think the woman could be any clearer if she tried. She had mandatory attendence so if you already know everything it's not fun, but if you just don't get math she's really good.
I took BIO 121 lecture online with Professor Simon. The class consisted of watching 3-6 lecture videos each week, a quick and easy Mastering Biology assignment, and usually a short test over that week's material. As long as you watch all lectures and do all assignments you should be fine. The class is very test heavy. She seems nice though!
Morgan makes the class interesting and relates topics to current events. Very nice guy.
While i have no interest in science, i did very well in this class. He is entertaining and goes over material well. While attendence isnt mandatory, going and taking good notes and doing the study guides will make the class pretty easy, Labs suck though! but i defintiely recommend this professor!
This class was nice to go to at the end of the day b/c it was EASY. I still learned a lot though, so that's why Ford is my hero.
I was so scared to take this class, but Prof. Ford made it great! He's easy to understand, interesting and funny. He substituted projects for 2 tests and they were SO easy! Sit up front, make comments and do your reading and you'll be golden!
Very easy class his lectures arent the best but if you pay attention and study what you are supposed to you should have no problems with this class
Nice, interesting guy...not so clear...you'll do fine if you come to class
great teacher, good class
Its like heaven has touch down on Earth! She is a completely different teacher now. I almost cried when I had to retake her again for a new nursing class. Her new teaching style now makes her one of the best. I feel confident that I can write a paper with my eyes closed & trust thats big for me to say. If you plan to go to grad school TAKE HER!
Take this class, even though hes a little weird it is so easy to get an A. Tests are simple and if you participate in class he will love you.
Knows his stuff, but tends to wander a lot. Put me to sleep often.
One of the best professors I ever had. I am still inspired by him more than 15 years later. As a college teacher myself I could only strive to be half as good as him.
Dr. Bailey is the hilarious! This class however was exceptionally hard. You are only graded on 6 things. She uses a lot of past experience in her lectures and goes off on a tangent easily. Her power points aren't clear, they are choppy & hard to understand, but if you want a class where you will laugh a lot, take the Department Head, Dr. Bailey!
Sweet lady, my friend found her rude, but I found her very willing to help. Take advantage of the notes she mentions are online. The clicker quizzes can really help your grade, so do well on them! I would recommend this class for a breadth requirement, it is pretty straight forward.
I absolutely love Professor Smith, she is super kind, very interesting to have as a professor. I had her for PSY 381 and was obsessed with the class. The material is a little tough but I would recommend her and the class again.
I loved Avis as a professor! She talks super fast but is such a cute little lady. As long as you do the assignments and put some work into them, you'll be set! Can't wait to take another class with her in the winter!
Best English prof I have had. She is brilliant and will teach and help you a whole lot if you only ask.
Great professor! Tough grader, but makes class fun. Loves to laugh and tell jokes. One of the most genuinely nice people you will ever meet. Stick with her, it's worth it.
will go out of her way to help you. fast paced class. do work=good grade
She's a very nice teacher, and teaches very well. Take her or Paul Stephenson.
Overall a great teacher. Classes are a little slow, but not too hard and he doesn't demand an overwhelming amount of work. Nothing intimidating about him.
Prof Rhoads is a little vague at times, but he gives extra credit and is a really nice and funny guy. The class wasn't what I had expected, though. I expected a systematic, scientific approach to religon. He likes to explore the softer side...boring.
Great class, great techer, lots of extra credit.
really nice guy, very sof spoken. hard to focus in class,
Prog Reimersma was a great guy. He knows and LOVES what he is talking about. I really have to interest in geology but he made it fun. Test van be a challenge. I am a straight A student andgot B's on the tests but got an A in the class. He offers lots of extra credit. Attendance not madatory but he has pop assignments which help raise grades so go!
Very nice guy, easy class if you hate GEO classes, let you do extra credit
uuuhhh...you'll be better off if you read the book instead of going to lectures...uumm..uuhhh
Excellent class. I took this during summer and it actually made me want to get up in the morning. He makes you feel good about doing the work and being in groups is a blast. He grades rather easily and his tests are pretty easy as long as you study a bit. Show up to every class or you will have a hard time. Nice guy.
Tests cover lecture material and you get points just for showing up to the labs. Although there is a lot of material and I didn't want to take the class I ended up finding it really interesting and managed to do better than I thought I would .. showing up is key
I learned a lot from Andrea, especially considering I learned so little bio in highschool.
Dennis is an outstanding person and a great professor. Those who don't learn anything from him simply aren't listening. Lectures and tests are primarily from the book but his lectures drive the point home. He is incredibly thoughtful and sensitive to the needs of his students.
Dr. Groh is a very nice person and is always there for you. Go to her office hours as much as possible, it never hurts and they really helped me. You NEED to look at the old exams she posts online and be ready to study for the tests. The point recapture on the final really helps, so overall if you work hard you can get a decent grade.
Groh is great. She loves chem and wants you to love it too. Her class is VERY VERY challenging, but it helps you do well. The problem sets are time consuming, but are also crucial to success in the class. Large emphasis on group work and overall comprehension of the material.
Each week has a HW, and you can't do them if you miss a lecture. So get ready to work hard for the class. On the plus side, the instructor is giving you what is needed to get a good grade. Just attend all the lectures. Class is hard.
best prof. ive ever taken. course work is difficult to understand, but he walks you through it. great guy, great sense of humor, time in class flies by. don't really need to buy the books, since he covers it all in class. be ready to work.
Doonan is a good professor, hes very clear of what is going to be on the exams. There are 3-4 pop quizzes, but if youre paying attention in class you should do fine on them. (5 questions) you watch 4 films in class & hes very knowledgeable. Pay attention & you should be fine.
I don't know why he's getting such harsh feedback. He's a great educator. If he is tough, it is because he is preparing you to teach in a classroom. I don't want the teachers of our youth to be dumb dumbs so I'm glad this ISN'T an easy A class.
Very professional and serious educator. Grades on a curve. Common sense prevails in his classes. He is very dry, but makes you think about WHY you think how you do. I've taken 2 of his classes and would take more.
He's a good prof. Very helpful and excited about teaching. Sometimes he is difficult to listen to and his classes are not very exciting at times.
I had a REAL hard time w/ this class. But I went to office hours n showed effort so that's probably how I passed. Addo's a great prof. n actually cares about students. I would definitely take him.
I took this class online and it was pretty simple. The lectures can be long but interesting and are needed for the quizzes after. If you manage to do one of the lessons each week, you can finish early. There are also a few papers and activities along the way, which were graded pretty harshly by the TAs. He also offers extra credit!
AMAZING TEACHER! The class is difficult but she is the best teacher for linguistics 420. She schedules review times before the tests. Tests are extremely fair. Grade is based on three tests only and attendance is MANDATORY!!
research methods can only be so much fun. i feel i learned a considerable amount and the class wasnt bad at all. the class doesnt have a lot of structure to it. but you have plenty of time to prepare for any assignments or tests once the dates are decided. i personaly thought dr. makepeace was a good professor.
For a physics professor, this guy is a lot of fun. Very charismatic and laid-back. His lectures were interesting and informative enough to keep my attention. Gives out practice tests which are very similar to the actual tests. Recommended.
Pretty good teacher. He has a good knowledge of the material. I think I learned more concepts from the TA than I did him though. Interested class however. I'd take him again.
one of the easies classes ever, she'll help you with the projects if you just ask, so ez
Russ is a great history professor. His lectures are most often interesting even though its history. 3 exams are the only things for this course. Graded easy. Final is not cumulative. Take this class if you can for a breadth.
He is such a great professor. His class is actually interesting and he is funny too! I definitely recommend it except the TA's grade the work and they grade harsh.
AWESOME class. some people may be worried about the 3 exams being essay but they were cake. he makes the lectures interesting, keeps your attention, and the exams have no tricks. the material is easy to take in and this was a great class. One of the best teachers I have had so far at UD. TAKE HIM!
It's a really interesting class and you learn much more from it than just the ideas behind the stories. He's very helpful,clear with his objectives and incredibly engaging to listen to. I recommend this class whole-heartedly.
hes a great lecturer. i was always engaged in class. he explains concepts very well. his tests are very difficult but the class was curved so even though i bombed the first two midterms i still ended with an A-
Very good teacher and knows what he is talking about. He does go over the material very fast and his notes can be difficult to understand but he posts them online for review if you fall behind. His tests are hard but going over the practice tests makes them much easier. Class is mandatory but don't buy the book.
AWESOME professor, very enthusiastic about subject, veers off course at times... but great guy, WILL LEARN A LOT.
Mousy person. Knows what he is talking about. Best part was the handouts.
His lectures can be a bit boring but he adds some interesting insight and applicable real-life examples. He can also be pretty funny (at times) but you got to get his sense of humor (and appreciate his passion of economics). Anyways, if you read the book and go to lectures, you don't have to study that much.
Had him for OCHEM II. He's a tough professor, but keep in mind OCHEM II will be tough with anyone. As far as developing a real understanding of organic chemistry and why it is important for graduate learning coupled with developing a passion for learning; he's one of the best professors out there. But make no mistake. It's never easy, not even a B.
This is a very challenging class but he tries his best to make sure people understand the material, even though it can be very confusing at times. Very good teacher, i reccondmend that you take him.
This teacher is very straightforward. She gives very clear notes, which is exactly where the info for the test comes from. Weekly reading quizzes aren't hard either, but you have to read the chapter.
Overall an interesting class. The class is lecture everyday with a few papers and two tests. Dr. Bowler expects a lot on the tests but I always enjoyed his lectures.
If you're a freshman, I don't suggest taking him, he is known for being hard.
You need to memorize all of his drawings and diagrams.
Professor Aldrete is the best! I have always hated history, but his classes are so enjoyable. Mutiple choice exams are easy if you take good notes and come to class. Aldrete is Amazing!
Prof Aldrete was a very helpful and understandable prof. I accidently showed up to class late to a quiz and he still allowed me to take it after class that kind of understanding that life does happen is hard to find in professors and i greatly appreciated that. He is a good guy take his class you'll learn alot and its interesting the way helectures
Extremely sweet women. Very helpful if you have any questions. I've stayed after class many times to clarify something if I didn't understand in class. I'll try to take every english class from her.
I was terrified to take this class after reading reviews but I'm glad I did. He is passionate, very clear, few papers for homework and rarely refers to book, and xams are straightforward. HOWEVER, he is rude via email, rarely lets discussion out on time, and goes off on tangents. Take this class if you have him for discussion/dont take if online.
I had her for British Lit. Not a bad class, she was very nice and very helpful. The class required a couple of short papers, and a take home final. Also, we had to do a group project, overall an easy A.
long, tedious lectures, uses the notes that came with the textbook...I can't stress enough going to his office hours, not the greatest lecturer in a large lecture hall setting, but he's extremely helpful and willing to help one-on-one or in small groups.
Dr. Park was one of my favorite math teachers. I had to retake this class and did it over the summer. It was really simple as long as you study and do your homework. Expect daily quizzes if not weekly quizzes. But overall a great class.
I took this as an online summer course. I was nervous to take this class after reading the syllabus but it was really more of a guide. She's very flexible and caring. Just make sure to do the readings/ read the handouts (esp marek) and follow all of her instructions. She lays out everything you need to do well, you just have to do it
Overall nice guy and thorough in his lectures. Puts everything on the review sheet, making studying much harder, as you don't know what will actually be on the test. In-class assignments are random. If you miss class you won't know you missed an assignment until he gives it back, at which point he says it's too late to make it up.
A wonderful, intelligent man. Best advisor I've ever had. His "Human Nature" course is absolutely wonderful and his insights will surely open your mind. Don't let his stubborn, pugnacious demeanour get to you, he's just a sheep in wolf's clothing. Not a difficult marker, but expects a certain level of, not necessarily intelligence, but effort from his students. If you're just lazy, you won't do well.
Will is a great teacher for calculus especially if you've never had it before. His teaching style is slightly unorthodox, since it focuses on group work for every class session. However, it's a really effective way to study for a very demanding class. Overall, I highly recommend him.
Had Mr. Bialas for marketing. Loved it. He has a lot of experience and definitely makes the world of marketing seem exciting and encourages thinking. Great course. Be sure to keep up with the reading but the book is great and worth keeping even after the semester is through.
he's very funny and it makes you look forward to going to his class.
He is the best math teacher I have ever had. He explains everything and makes you practice so you are ready for the exams. I took him for both finite and calculus.
great teacher! all you have to do is: speak up in class, talk about news worthy events, take notes and review them do those things and you should make an A! :]
great teacher! just speak up in class and tell news worthy events. Make sure you take notes and study you should make an A
I loved her, she is so LOVABLE and CARING! She will help anyone, all you have to do is ask. Pay attention to her lectures. She makes English easy!
She is a nice teacher. she is so funny you will stay luaghing. When she talks alot hte class can get boring. She lays out the material well. you know exactly what she wants.
Wow, i LOVE this man. He got me thinking so much about the world around me! And he gave out study guides the week before tests with all of the exact questions off the tests. Listen in class and take notes, know the essay questions he gives you and you will do well. You really dont have to read.
Great class and professor. He has a pretty strong accent, so listen carefully. 3 multiple choice and True/False exams. He grades on a curve, as long as you do the study guides and read some of the required texts an A or B is possible. Class is very interesting and relevant to San Diego and our bordering Mexican cities.
He's a cool professor, class was interesting take it and learn something
Myabe the reason why everyone is afraid of Roger is because he is truly a theatre guy. Very eccentric, yes, but a good man and an honest professor. Grading can be difficult but hey, WE ARE IN COLLEGE. Drop out if you can't handle it. He is a great artist and is trying to entice others to love it too
With out a doubt one of the most brilliant minds at the university. He is the heart of the Ceramics program at edinboro, without him the program will die. Although he talks too much he is mostlikely the most knowledgable ceramicist in the WORLD!
Dr. Bemko is a very challenging professor. He injects his strange sense of humor into his lectures, while remaining informational and interesting. He really isn't all that bad of a guy and only seems to be smarter than students, because he is so well educated. Read the texts, go to him for help and you'll do well.
Great professor. She kept a 3 hour class intresting. Take her if you get the chance!
Professor Cap is the most genuine professor out there and truly cares about the well being of his students. I would highly recommend him for this course. The grade is based on 4 tests and a paper. You definitely need to put time and effort into this course while taking additional notes during lectures in order to do well. Loved this class.
take his canoeing class. His attitude is somewhat arrogant but he knows his stuff. Full of humorous stories. Camping and canoeing are his passions and he makes it interesting. 4 days for the wellness class (test, swim test, trip) and you are done. if you have a tight schedule, this is the best wellness course.
I have him for BI 121 lec and lab. He is a GREAT teacher, the content is hard but that's bio for you. Everything on his MUTIPLE CHOICE Lec tests are right from the lecture outline. For lab just study exactly what the guide says and the powerpoint picture test will be fine.Makes class fun, always a laugh or two.I hope to take 122 with him next fall
Very helpful man, very personable. Tells funny jokes to keep you entertained. VERY enthusiastic, is a great teacher if you are willing to learn! If you have him for lab MAKE SURE you know your SPO'S, he'll pull the easiest questions as well as that one thing you didn't really look over.
Great discussions, although sometimes they took a long time. If you're taking metaphysics, I think you know already that the nature of the subject is challenging. You will have to form your own ideas; Corcoran cares that you think, not just write.
Easy to understand, really cool
One of the funniest prof.'s, but her tests are confusing. Her vocabulary consists of many swear words.
simons can seem cold, but i think he teaches well. he is an odd guy. lots of hw, but thats where you actually learn the material. class is all groupwork. you cant BS his exams, either REALLY know your stuff or you wont get better than a 75. curve helps.
Great speaker. Had a knack for teaching students to use perspecive in history. Was always concerned abotu his students and was one of the best history teachers I'd ever had.
Professor Duggins' teaching style is definitely lecture, lecture, lecture. you only need to use the book if you are having trouble with something. RECORD your lectures and listen to them. Take detailed notes too. if you are someone who pays close attention to detail, you'll have NO problem at all!! He's so smart, you can learn SO much!!
He was the best teacher Ive had so far at USC.... The material is challenging and you need to study days in advance for his tests but they are VERY straight forward. I aced both of them... Dont bother reading the book though, because no material comes from it. I would definitely recommend him. He is passionate about fungi and plants though...
Brings a lot of character to the classroom, math/stats aren't the most interesting topic but he does his best with it and it's more engaging than your typical math class/teacher. Tests are tough but fair, and you are allowed to have a flashcard to have some notes on during those tests.
Best Math Teacher I have ever had. Tough but fair grader. Fun Environtment
Nice Guy, but a tough grader. Likes to hear himself talk.
This class has been my favorite at OU so far. Take her! All the material is interesting and you get to watch a movie at the end of each class that helps put the information into picture. Hopefully I'll be taking another anth class from her in the future. It's a lot of material though, you can't slack off.
I barely opened the required text book, and I just borrowed her other book from the library. The homework is doing a summary of her articles in a 2 page format she gave. She teaches off of her test so attending class is advisory, but if u miss a day you can just read the book. Very funny and experienced. She also gives a lot of extra credit.
Its an easy class. If you are there to take notes you will pass. However, the material she teaches is literally out of a book that she published in the 80s. Its very frustrating to spend your time writing summaries on outdated materials just so she can make extra money by selling her text book to students.
really cool teacher...has a lot of interesting stories....really layed back class.. becareful not to slack off too much or you might be taking it over like i am...
Dr. Stobla makes her classes sound harder then they really are. Do not stress about her test, if you do a min amount of studying ( i never studied and still managed an A) you will be fine.
strict but very good, don't be late & get an A
I respect Prof Vandenberg a lot. I learned so much in this class. The reading quizzes kind of suck, and instead of a midterm or term paper there are a ton of smaller assignments. Definitely a class worth taking!
It is a self-paced class, he is helpful if you get stuck on something, nice guy.
Laura is AWESOME! Difficult subject but she is an amazing professor! I was snowed in on a day of an exam and she worked with me so I could take it at a later time. I would suggest her in a heartbeat!!!
GREAT teacher but very hard. I feel like i've learned alot. Just read the book, do the worksheets and past exams AND study - you should be fine. I
A very great teacher and very helpful.
HE IS AWESOME! He is funny and laid back and he is very fair with grading and exams! He doesn't try to trick you with tests. He lectures a lot, but it all VERY interesting and I am taking him again in the future. TAKE HIM!
Make sure to stay awake in his class. Not many points so stay on top of things. Talk to him, hes a great prof outside of class.
He discusses and is interested in your opinion. He works hard not to offend anyone on sensitive subjects. He is nice and caring and will talk with you if you need to. Ten two page papers and two exams.
Straightforward class. Note packets were very helpful. Nyhof has a dry sense of humor.
this class was amazing, i learned so much!
Warners is one of the nicest profs I've encountered. Genuinely wanted me to succeed. He really cares about what he teaches. Tests from him are lecture heavy. Genuinely willing to meet with you outside of class so that you can go through concepts. Sometimes the lectures were a little scattered but he is just a very nice guy.
really good professor. however, if all you want is a good grade i would recommend looking elsewhere. he grades really hard but is super passionate about biology.
Maybe I'm in the minority, but I really like Tiemstra. The workload for this course isn't backbreaking. He isn't much of a people person, but very intelligent and very clear. Tests are 6 essay questions, pay attention to the lectures, do the homework. Lectures are interesting if you're into it. Fav quote: "The secretary says my voice sounds sexy."
She's kind of monotone which makes it easy to zone out but if you listen to her she makes ALOT more sense than the book. Do the hw and DO THE XTRA CREDIT. if you email her any question she'll reply asap. first test w/o study guide, i got a 78. with study guide, i got a 90 and a 96. in other words, use the study guides. boring topic, but she tries
she is a hard grader, but a riot...i loved going to her class every morning.
I like this teacher because he has personal experience with law enforcement and has plenty of fun stories to tell. However, I find it difficult to study for his class because he doesn't write on the board or give handouts. If you have good common sense, you probably don't even need to do the rdng
Easily one of the best teachers I have had in the Psyc department. Even in an intro class the lectures were extrememly interesting. Proffit has incredible interest in the field. Highly recommended
Keaney will break you down, but also help strengthen your prose. Her teaching style is neither easy nor is it hard. She is a very understanding professor with an aura that will make you want to approach her. Her insight and in class comments make you want to see what's coming next. Take her class, it's definitely worthwhile, and she's amazing.
You have to work for a good grade. She praises hard work and good class attendance. She gives pop quizzes on the readings, so make sure u read. The class itself can be boring at times, but its not like she's confusing you, so it's nice.
Perhaps one of the most helpful professors I have taken. Just as a warning: the work load at the beginning of the semester can be daunting. I think she wants to weed out all who are too lazy to be taking the class. Interesting readings, tough grading, good sense of humor. Do NOT take if you do not like working hard! Very glad I took her class!
He is an amazing lecturer, but you do have to put a significant amount of time in outside of the classes if you want your grade to show what you've learned. Some of the test questions are tricky but if you know the material you can figure them out.
This guys is great. He is a very intelligent teacher who describes his lectures in great detail. He asks challenging questions and always slips a quirky funny story within his lecture. There is no HW for the class except practice problems which he strongly encourages to do. The trade off is a quiz every week on each module.
JB is probably one of those professors you only find once in your lifetime. He's a great guy that always tries to lighten up the mood of the class. Quizzes are really easy if you study decently and exams are pretty hard if you try to cram the night before, do those practice exams on the PSI guide, they will save your life!
He seemed really hard at first, but he does give you a booklet full of past exams that are very helpful for the tests. The quizzes are pretty easy as long as you study. I didn't use my book at all so I wouldn't recommend buying it. His notes were good and there were many review sessions to attend before the exam just incase you didn't understand.
Great professor that really knows his material. Always willing to help students out of class. A rare professor who actually wants to see all his students, and even those who aren't, succeed.
The class covered a lot of difficult material, but if you showed up and payed attention you could do really well. He always makes a point to help out a student when in need, and anyone who says he is hard didn't take the time or interest to learn! I found the class very intriguing, yet hard.
I changed my major so i could have more classes with him. The GEo test tend to be a bit diffucult, but he will help you though them!
No reason to go to class half the time, class is very dry and boring anyway. Other half is quizzes and turning in homework. Two tests & a final, 1 project.
The class is generally easy. It's ok to miss class a few times and even when you're in class, it's a common tendency to doze off. Papers aren't bad- he gives you a grade with a few marks on the paper and then gives you a chance to correct your paper for full credit. Good grades, nice guy, so I suggest him if you don't mind a few boring classes
easiest class ever...he didn't have class a lot and he doesn't waste your time when he does have class...he really knows what he's talking about and if you want a gpa booster take one of his classes
Harder than all the other CISC teachers. Teaches files and databases, instead of turtle like everyone else, and the labs are extremely boring. Definitely a nice guy who knows what he's talking about, but if you're like me and only had to take this class as a major requirement it will seem boring and difficult
Provides an overhead outline for every lecture (NOT available on WebCT), so write everything down. Tests are generally from lecture, not the text. Use points from lecture and test in papers and use lots of examples and you will do fine. Not an easy grader, but it is possible to do well with effort. Tests based off review sheet. Study it!
Even though I've only completed one year, Professor Biby is the best instructor I have had a GV so far. She is an extremely nice and helpful lady, but at the same time makes you work hard and think about the concepts. I would highly recommend her.
Very nice guy. Likes to talk a lot, but is very helpful and knows what he's doing. Had 6 papers to write, but plenty of time to finish them and he's lenient with the grading. Easy class and very informative. Got an A.
Great Prof. His tests are straightforward. Although this class is difficult, he makes it bearable.
Very good teacher
Dr. Hair is a fantastic lady. Very good teacher. She is so encouraging. Class is not difficult, but some of the projects can get time consuming. Use the companion website and the workbook. Most of her test questions are from both of them.
Anne was extremely helpful and wants all her students to do well! She just needs to see that your trying! I had her 8 week online class. Alot of material, but you can do it if your dedicated! She always returned e-mails and calls. Go to tutoring with Tony at Center Campus, he is a life saver!!! I recommend Anne and Tony to everyone I know!
CLEAR about all expectations so if you get a bad grade, it's truly because you didn't try. Takes time out of office hours to meet with you. Really helpful to talk to her if you're not getting it, she's more than willing to take the time to help. Tests are challenging, but they should be, it's college.
Don't listen to the negative reviews! He can ramble a bit and may be a little unclear at times, but he's a great prof. The "party" people complain about is meant to be fun, a break from normal classwork. And he leaves the papers totally open so you can take them your own direction. Is fair with grading as long as you put in good effort.
He's a good professor and knows his stuff. He's also kind of funny, in an awkward type of way. Plus he trips over things occasionally. I don't know why that's important, but it was funny. THE EXAMS ARE SUPER HARD. He grades so specifically, and I studied really hard and still only ended up with a C. He's cool though, really nerdy about geology.
Dr. Wong is tough but a really good teacher. I have learned SO much in this class. The "unit assessments" are pretty tricky but there are no tests. Don't pack your schedule if you're taking her because you have outside work. Easy A or B. She is always available for help and she's a great book of information about teaching!
I also thought that this class would be related to psychology. Honors class and took is as a freshman. This is by far one of the hardest classes I have taken at UD. I suggest taking it only if you're required to or if you're very interested in the subject. She's a really nice and fun lady though. There were 4 grades, two tests and two essays.
She's a great person and a very nice lady. Class is not as easy as some may lead you to believe, however.
A lot of opportunities for extra credit through the online and in-class quizzes. I went to every class just to hear him speak. He really loves to relate concepts and promote looking at stuff from the perspective of "back in the day." I had all the books, only used 1 and half of another. He's pretty busy so you might not write one of the papers.
Took as online SWS class. Majority of it is papers, quizzes and exams which are all writing. Have to use 3 different books which aren't took bad. You learn a lot and you get to submit drafts for papers that are peer reviewed by him and a classmate. Grades fairly easy, but if you need a SWS history course, take this class.
He is an encyclopedia with legs. He's very motivated by the material. Doug is approachable, but I wouldn't recommend him for underclassmen that aren't history/GSS majors. He looks for you to deeply analyze history so this is DEFINITELY not the professor if you're a memorization kind of person. He's v. dedicated to helping you get better in History.
Dr. Galbraith is an awesome prof, and I would recommend her to anyone. She loves seeing her students succeed, while encouraging them to think for themselves. Her use of RTTP games gets students engaged in and thinking critically about history. She assigns a variety of interesting, pertinent readings. She is a great lady, and a dedicated educator.
Dr. Cole is one the most intelligent people I have ever met. He has lots of experience in the field and likes to talk about it...especially Africa. Overall he is a really great teacher, but the lectures can be boring at times and he says "Since this class is double dipping" it should be a little harder than a 1st year class, and it is.
She's a decent teacher but the class is extremely boring. Clicker points every class so you should show up. You get extra credit if you show up every class. Labs are sometimes really long and sometimes short. Mostly long though. It's easy to get a B and if you pay attention an A isn't out of the question. But the class is extremely boring
If you are looking to take Geology 303 as a GE. TAKE HER! EASY CLASS, crammed the night before and passed the class with a high B. GO TO CLASS, everything she lectures is on the test, you dont need the book, never read it, I just attended class. She relates the natural disaster events to events that our happening right now.
Very helpful, easy class if you attend, do not need book
very entertaining man and he has funny stories. Class is interesting and the book is good. Read all the chapters and fill out the study guides and you will do fine. The chapters in the book are not long and if you read all the examples you will be able to get the concepts. I worked pretty hard and got a B, but enjoyed the class.
Has very liberal views, so if you are a conservative keep your mouth shut. She's nice, but needs to do something with the hair.
Professor O'Neill is very understanding and gives extensions when needed. He grades kind of hard on quizzes and essays but he drops the lowest two quiz scores and he gives opportunities to rewrite your essays. Definitely not an easy A, but it's not too difficult of a class. I would take this professor again.
He is more than willing to help if you ask for it. He has higher expectations for native speakers. If he can tell that you are struggling he will not mark you down for smaller mistakes to help you pass the class, rather he focuses on the main points that he wants you to understand. He needs to work on his organization skills.
If you love a teacher with a great sense of humor, and gets the job done.. He's a GREAT choice! I'm currently finishing up my Sp101 semester with him, and will be back for Sp102. He's that good! :)
Mark knows a lot about business but also is really sarcastic and a bit harsh. We were mostly graded on exams, which were tough and really specific. I read the textbook and studied a lot but still struggled. He curved them because he wants students to do well, but I felt like this class required a lot of work and I didn't really learn much.
Go to class, take notes, and outline the text to do well. The class is harder than I thought it would be honestly but I am still expecting an A or A-. One easy presentation. Bambach brings in a steady flow of employers and keeps us updated on professional events--AWESOME. helps us in what matters most in the business world. Great contact to have.
Good teacher willing to help students in and out of class, study guides crucial for test..don't worry about taking notes
amazing teacher, interesting, fun, and helpful. The tests are probably the toughest multiple choice questions i have ever seen, but you get the hang of it, prepares you for other classes. lots of extra credit opportunities
really nice guy, very knowledgable and helpful but class is pretty boring
She is really interested in involving students in discussing their issues in what we're learning. She explains things until you've got them hammered down (essential for this class!). Provides countless examples. A LOT of online homework, but necessary for a good grade.
She's ok . She's very helpful, but chemistry at 8 o clock is brutal.
Material is conceptually very simple, but tests are a bit tricky. I am an A student and I got a B in the class. Good luck.
Professor Chung is a solid choice for BA350. Her lectures are very good, she is very descriptive and everything she teaches is on the test. She always shows eagerness to teach and help. Her tests are more on the harder side, but if you study and put in the work you'll feel like you earned your grade. Not much homework and no quizzes!
Super easy class. Homework is really easy, the tests are fairly easy.
Shes real cool business professional with a lot of experience and it shows with the way she carries her lectures and huge auditoriums of students. I actually enjoyed attending her lectures but FYI, her exams have a lot of ?uestions that require additional studying than her PP slides suggest. No chili pepper on her? wow guess just me.
Great teacher talks about her kid alot, if you put in the effort you learn alot
openly tough grader, VERY monotone. take this CR/NC if you want to help your GPA
Pretty good teacher, very nice, class is too easy.
Dr. King is great. Not a lot of actual handed in assignments (look below) but SO much reading from articles and book chapters on blackboard to go along with discussion. He'll like you if you show interest and participate in discussion. The midterm and final were not bad at all the study guides help a lot.
King isn't real personable, but he's nice in ofc. hrs. takes attendance. READ!!
Tough class, but if you work hard youll get what you deserve, semester project was a ****, expect to live in the computer labs for weeks on end. At the end youll get the grade that you deserve
Smart man. Hard ass too. You'll learn a lot-when you aren't working on the latest programming assignment/homework/project. prepare for a lot of sleepness night, but know the lack of sleep will be well worth it. His book is useful. Tan's is not. Study his book and you'll be fine on his exams.
Dr. Sutton is hilarious! Attendance is mandatory, but she makes class so interesting you won't mind. Lectures are accompanied with powerpoints that she posts online. four 100 question exams are given each semester but if you pay attention in class & read the chapters, it's a breeze. She also tells you atleast 5 questions that will be on the test.
Good prof. Challenging but not overly demanding. Easy-going about deadlines. You have to put the effort in, but the class won't be your life.
Absolutely my favorite teacher at kettering. He took time out of his night to help my friends and I study for the final. Also, he helped me out when I was having a personal problem. He is not only a great professor, but a great person as well.
Nick's a funny guy, and even though his lectures are long, he tries to make them funny and engaging, while teaching you at the same time. The tests are decently hard if you're aiming for an A, so don't take them as a joke. I got a B+ on my first 2 tests, but aced the final and ended with an A. Overall, he's a great teacher and actually cares!
Oh boy are you in for a treat! Not only is Dr. Bellantoni an awesome professor, he's a real stand up guy. His charisma and his mustache will make you swoon and wish you weren't wearing any pants. If you're taking class with him, you better be ready for the time of your life!
Very good teacher, If you study the material the night before and know it very well, you will ace all of his tests. Would definetly take another one of his classes.
Hard to understand at times but overall a great Prof. She will be willing to help with any problems you have. Super Nice!
He has some interesting convos that have to do with the topics, makes it easier to understand. I take his 3 hour night class. Normally I'd fall asleep in any other class, but he makes it interesting. Take notes or you'll do bad like I did. Great teacher.
He is a great prof! So much knowledge on what he is teaching and he makes is applicable to real life that is happening. Half of his grading comes from being in class, so make sure you can attend class before you choose him. His notes are a bit different but they make sense for the ideas he is teaching. Overall, enjoyed his class.
Professor Czuprunski was a great teacher! If you cant make it to class often I wouldnt recommend him though. Over half of your grade is measured off things that require your attendance. He has long lectures but as long as you take notes you will be fine! You are graded off daily questions/in class assignments, one paper, and a final test.
This professor is hilarious. He is very relatable and is passionate about biology. He genuinely enjoys his students it seems. I found this class super easy. Do the short study guide and you will pass with no problem. Compared to other bio classes that I've heard about this professor is a breeze.
Great guy but his lecture will leave you lost. You have to be able to self study and read the book. No learning checks or quizzes. 4 exams with a essay at the end of each one worth around 20 pts.
Although class can be boring and the readings can be long this is an amazing class. The concepts learned were incredibly interesting and will stick with you. Just do the readings and study and you'll do fine. Weekly quizzes, 2 exams, 1 paper.
I think Jesse is a great prof who is just misunderstood, he is very knowledge about his work and field area, being in his class really made me like art. I had never taken an art classes before and he really helped me, he didn't mind coming in to help me after class. He's also very understanding about attendance and there are no tests or quizzes
Prof. Battani....is a great guy; very nice; well-educated in field; will go far
Easy class. Tests are open notes. Took him for a 6-9 and was out every time by 8. Gives lectures through powerpoint. I enjoyed the class.
Dr. Parker has received poor ratings by people who don't have the patience to work with him since he doesn't teach through a textbook like most professors. But you learn a lot if you engage during class time. I'd recommend him especially if you're a future teacher. He's super wise. It's a different experience worth having. Gives extra credit.
This class is easy if you do the readings and the short assignments. We had a group project where you go over a case and then make a game for the chapter. Tests are multiple choice, all from the book, so read read read. She does go through the slides really fast, but she lets us discuss the topic for however long we want.
Very nice prof! granted, her lectures are kind of pointless, and if she didn't take attendance, then there would really be no point to showing up. READ THE BOOK!! Her tests are based ONLY on that. But, they are not that hard as long as you READ! Group projects not bad at all, just as long as you have a good group. Take MGT with her! Easy grade!
If you plan to take Kajiwara, make sure you are ready to take this class very seriously. This is not one of those "easy a classes." He is fast paced, strict, and will give you tons of hw and practice tests. If youre gonna take his class make sure you are ready to do a lot of work because youll really have to work for your grade and not slack off
Great teacher!
What a nice guy! Starts off class with fun videos to warm you up . Knows his stuff, and he's a big fan of ending class early. Awesome.
i LOVE this man! gives outline of lectures so you only have to fill it in. doesn't test on weekly movies. no attendance policy. tests aren't too bad as long as you read over the chapters and the notes.
Very friendly, approachable teacher. The course is very easy, so there is no problem getting an A in this class, just do the homework and Labs!
Loved this class as a geog major. Highly reccomend Nash, she does a great job. No HW just workbook stuff do with exams, and a final project. Loved the material and she does a great job of giving you the information and is willing to help you with any questions you have!
The professor is nice and enthusiastic, but this course is really hard. A lot of details are in it. Tests will cover almost all details he mentioned in his lectures. You have FOCUS every minute in his class. As a breath elective class, that is too tired.
Shes annoying but super nice and humorous. Class is easy but boring. Bring other hw to do during every class period. I would take her class again for an easy class.
He was a great professor. His personality is dull, but you'll survive. He went over the class material well and was very lenient with homework and objectives. The entire course was used from Aleks. He really cares for his students and want us to succeed. Overall I would take this course again. He's great!
Good instructor. Easy class if you follow along.
Amazing teacher. Class is always fun and interesting. Grades hard on papers and test and you will have to study. Also must keep up on the reading. Recomend if you have any interest in Pysch!
good prof. learned a lot in there, not too hard.
Great teacher.Really fun and the class is super interesting. A definate reccomandation.
Very interesting, smart prof. His methods helped my study habits in addition to knowledge of the material. READ THE BOOK.
he is one of the best teachers. He helps by telling you what exactly to study for the test rather then some profs,that make you study things that you dont need, he explanes things very clear.
So yes, I took this course because I heard it was an easy A and it fulfilled a requirement. But I actually learned a lot. He's incredibly passionate and knowledgeable about what he's teaching. I was fascinated by his way of connecting sports and religion.
This class was pretty hard, esp the exams. Palfai is a good teacher, funny and good at explaining stuff but most exam questions came from the book. Go to your TA for help because the lecture is huge (about 400 people in each section)
Is kind of quiet when he comes into the class and it is hard to understand what he is saying, but then he starts to talk clearly. Explains things well and his tests are not hard, if you come to class you will do well
Very tough but interesting class. Read through your notes daily and you will do well. This isn't high school anymore, welcome to the adult world.
His art history classes are difficult, but well worth taking. He knows his stuff
Cares about students. Teaches us to think, not just go by what others say. He never penalizes students who disagree with him as long as they back up what they say with facts. Wish that was true of all profs. If you want to learn about the real world, take one of his classes. Fair minded and approachable teacher.
Ball is great. Very conservative but he is fair to everybody. One of my favorite professors.
At first you think he's a crazy truck driver who someone managed to con the university into hiring him as a prof. It's all an act---he's brilliant and a great teacher. I also think he's a closet liberal!
He does play favorites, and he will tell you that. raise your hand, participate in class, and he will be much more lenient when it comes to grading your stuff. i know because i had him twice. and he is LIBERAL!!! read the text, participate, ask questions, and DO THE PRIMARY DOC REVIEWS and be able to cite examples on the exam. it's a fun class too.
Had him for an online class, made it somewhat more difficult, but he was helpful and quite lenient in grading. Saw a pic of him too. He's hot! Would've liked to sat in his class and looked at him! hee hee
Mrs. B was awesome, but I am also able to follow detailed instructions. If you can not follow her strict guidelines then you will not do well. Ask questions. Expect to be treated as an adult because she will not pamper you. EN097 is more about following the format than how well you can write. I got an A in her class and I am a terrible writer.
funny guy, kept the class interesting, wasn't hard at all. The test and quizzes were posted on black board to practice, i learned a lot.
Ignore the harsh comments. He's a great guy and doesn't expect much. Turn your homework in on time (like a normal college student should..) and you'll pass with flying colors. He doesn't really read over and correct homework, he just checks that its done and gives you the points. How easy is that?
Dr. Willson is an awesome teacher. One of the few left that teaches history the way it is supposed to be taught.
As long as you complete each assignment, this class is pretty easy to pass. The professor gives his students 2 weeks to complete each module, which is very convenient! The only downfall to this class was the lack of communication from the professor.
At first I didn't like Prof. Spoelman and his teaching style, but the more I was in class the more I understood it. Accounting 2 is tough but Spoelman makes it easy. He is hilarious and uses great examples to help you learn and retain the content.
knows his stuff, RL examples, funny
Loved her! The sweetest and most caring professor I've had at GRCC. She can go a little fast and this makes the material confusing at times, but she is always willing to help and encourages students to get help during her office hours. Replies to e-mails super fast. She also lets you attempt the hw as many times as you want before the due date.
Really nice person and has a passion for what she does. I question her clarity sometimes and I know others in my class did as well. She tends to talk/explain things very fast and it can lead to confusion. A lot of hands-on work in the class which was very helpful.
Mrs. Hess is great. She's very smart and sometimes hard to follow. She rules!!
Take stat 216 if you want to spend every waking hour doing homework.
Boring. BORING! Labs are cool. Take notes directly off his powerpoints and never read the book...ace the class. It's a good 4 credit GPA boost.
Great class! Take it with her if you can.
He smells real nice, and he is dedicated to what he is doing.
Pay attention, take notes, and ask questions. There are notes on blackboard that you print out and it's pretty easy to follow. He is helpful, well organized, and caring. I took him for Calculus I & II and am going to take him again for Calculus III.
Very knowledgable, great professor, keeps you interested in the subject, and always very helpful as long as you are willing to learn. Don't be a jack*** in his class cause he'll make you look like an idiot, wish my professors were like him.
While writing 150 is a tough class, professor Hulst does a great job at making the best possible. He is there for his students, and will help as much as possible. 100% would have him as a prof again!
Prof. Hulst is sweet. I have never been a strong writer but he worked with you and was very layed back. If you plan on taking 098 i would definetly recommend this teacher.
His classes are a challenge, you have to be able to learn from the book, since he doesn't simply repeat the textbook to you like so many other profs. He's fun to listen to and he'll try to scare you on the first day (don't let him).
Incredibly hard! You really have to work, but it's fantastic information. He's randomly funny and odd. You never know what he'll say... but he gets his point across. He also cares about the students.
The class was pretty hard....read the book, do the crosswords, use the webpage and if you can go to SI sessions. Groups were a blast!!! Overall the class was interesting and could be fun...Although things can get tedious. Good luck with the tests....
Great teacher. has a lot to offer students. i highly reccomend!
He and two other professors(Warman & Flood) rotated in teaching the course every 5 weeks. Pretty easy. For Yearger's part, we didn't have to go to class; it was taught online. Might seem hard, but is not-just take notes.
Nice person, wants everyone to succeed. Always open for questions. Lectures can be boring and slow, but overall a good teacher.
like someone else said... impossible to fail. and he makes a good effort to help out people who need it. the class is easy
This was my second class with professor Nobiletti. I had him for HIS406 (History of Sexuality). The classes were similar in format and obviously different in content. It's not your typical boring history class, there are a lot of interesting lectures, movies, etc. Loads of opportunity for extra credit and with moderate effort you can get an A.
cool professor,very demanding,attend class and do all the reading...he assigns a grip of readings so don't be lazy...overall he is a good professor...highly recommended...
Very good teacher; very interesting, you learn a lot; just read and do the quizzes and you'll do fine (A or B). Is a nice guy and teaches American History how it should be taught: unbiased and truthful.
Very helpful and kind. She was always offering to meet up with students to help. The group project is definitely time consuming. The data analysis project is a lot of work but definitely helps when it comes time for the final. Only two tests that aren't that bad if you follow her study guides. Not as bad of a class as people make it out to be.
Great Teacher!
Great Professor. Makes a boring lecture into something fun and entertains the class. You have to read the books, because you'll either be quized on them or tested on them for the Mid-term or Final. He lets you know what will be on them ahead of time, it helps to study. Not much extra credit,but he will help in any way he can if your having trouble.
Cool guy, really down to earth, but probably the most pointless class I've ever taken. Unfortunatly it's a requirement so there's not much you can do. Go to class because he takes attendance randomly. Tests are weird and don't really seem related to lectures but you can easily pull off a B if you just show up.
I had him for 350 and 454. He is an awesome teacher. Classes are interesting, and he grades super easy. This class is a tuff A but the easiest B you will ever get
Real funny guy, knows trig real well doesn't really teach it to you unless you ask. Very willing to help other.
math sucks ...nice guy, take his class
Enlightened education at its finest. Just as most of these post say, if you want an A, look somewhere else. If you want to learn and learn how to learn, this is the class for you. Dr. Y did an amazing job of covering 5 centuries of material. Lectures were interesting and thought provoking. Definitely opened my eyes to a world I had no clue about.
Not an easy class. All memorization. He makes class entertaining, but his grading system sucks.
Ivan truly cares that his students do well and learn the basics. He is funny, a fair grader and rather human for a CS prof!
Challenging but fair. The guy knows his stuff. .
awesome prof! i learned a lot...good tips for after grad
Don't buy the textbook, you will never use it. Tests are very difficult, but I think that mainly has to do with the subject matter. I never missed a class and only studied about 6-10 hours the day before each exam and I managed to get a B in the class. I feel like if I had actually done all the recommended problems, I could have gotten an A.
Dr. Woodman makes you work hard, but that shouldn't be mistaken for him being a bad professor. He really knows what he is talking about and just has a way of teaching that makes it make sense. With that said, its still a lot of material and takes work, especially lab. With how much I studied, I felt the tests were not difficult at all.
Dr. Woodman is one of my favorite teachers I've had yet at UNL. Obviously, the class is hard because there's SO MUCH information. Woodman presents info clearly and is often hilarious in lecture, and he helps his students succeed. You can re-watch lectures, and he basically writes the notes for you. It's a ton of work, but completely worth it!
The class is hard. It's anatomy. But once you get over the fact that "everyone" has failed it. coming from someone who HAS failed it before it's not hard to fail. It's hard to take in that much information too. He's a wonderful teacher and if you ask he will help. They Pre-made notes are the best way to take notes and he even uses them.
Very friendly and helpful. Class is challenging, but she makes sure not to pass anyone by.
Great prof! Gives clear explanations for everything, always willing to help, and assigns work with a PURPOSE instead of busywork. Doesn't seem too interested in the material, but that's not his fault. He's pretty impersonal and won't try to be your friend, but that's not what I'm here for. A+++.
At first I thought she was very boring, but later realized it was the material during the first few weeks that was. She is a great prof. & knows what she is teaching. Show up to lecture, & tests are not hard. The material for the 2nd test is MUCH more interesting, don't get discouraged. She even sent my parents a letter when I got an A. Great Prof!
I loved Andy's courses. During my time at IU I took three of his music classes, two being general history of rock classes and one being his Frank Zappa class. Listen to the music and pay attention in class and you've got an A. He makes it clear what content will be covered on the exam. He's hilarious and has a lot of insight on life. Take it!
The class is not an easy A, you will need to read, study and attend lectures (but it's not hard either). Bhiddy is awesome, so good that I'm taking a class next semester just because he teaches it.
Whitmer is a great professor for C and Unix. He's not an ass liek everyone says. He doesn't take your b.s. though. Turn in assignments on time, come to class prepared, and have a basic understanding and you'll easily earn an A. Engage in basic brown-nosing behavior and he's nice. He also looks like a Jedi boy scout. How can you go wrong with that?
She is fairly clear and concise. Class Attendance is not mandatory, however, going to class is fairly necessary due to the level of difficulty of her tests. The tests are hard, but with adequate studying and moderate class participation, the tests should not be that bad. She is very approachable and very clear, and has a funny, yet dry sense of hum
The grading is very easy for this class. There are some surprise papers that you must be present in class lecture in order to receive credit for. You are expected to write a 2 page weekly for class discussion, but the grading was pretty as long as you completed the paper on time. The tests are pretty easy, just pay careful attention to the wording.
This class was by no means "easy." But, to be fully honest, you should be able to do fine if you put in the work. I didn't do any practice tests for the final and got a near perfect on it ( I did practice tests for the first three tests and didn't do so well). If you understand WHY things work + the entries then you should be fine. Julie was great!
Professor Hollist is a nice guy and is helpful when you speak to him outside of class. He can be a difficult grader, especially when it comes to poetry, but it's nothing necessarily unfair. Attendance is not mandatory but part of your grade is participation. Good class to take if you enjoy writing, but if not, don't ruin it for others who do.
He might be tough but he really did help my writing improve. That B was probably my happiest grade b/c earning a B in his class is like an A in any other class! He's a great guy and the class was really helpful!
Greg Peters is sooo nice! He is easily accessible and more than willing to help. Beware, though, the class is very fast-paced. Homework isn't graded (but it helps to do it), and the quizzes and tests have really hard problems on them, so be ready to put in some effort!
Dr. Meek is by far my favorite Calculus professor at this university. He is fairly good at explaining concepts by not going through the material too quickly, but you also need to pay attention and should probably sit in the front. Overall, if you actually do your work and study, there is no reason to do poorly in his class. And he gives easy tests!
If you want an easy A, definitely take her. Dr. Aley is so nice and understanding and grades papers very easily as long as you turn them in on time. Don't skip class! pretty much your only other grade besides your papers. She is EXTREMELY liberal and will talk about her beliefs a lot so keep that in mind if that bugs you!
I learned more about writing in this class than any other. His experience is his strength. As a teacher he can be a little repetitive and classes can get sleepy. However, he is a first class writer and I'm keeping my notes!
His class was easy overall, but he is a stickler for keeping you until the very last minute. Seriously, one time he said "Don't pack up yet! I still have 30 seconds!" Yikes.
Dr. Purvis is the MOST interesting man you will ever meet. He has so many experiences and he shares them, if they are related to the class. I recommend taking any class from him ,just maybe not a 3 hour one day a week class. He can be a little dry, but he knows SO MUCH!
Great tough professor. He is one of those professors that is trying to help you by making it tough now so it isnt so tough in the real world. Studying is a must, attendance is not. He makes the first test out to be alot harder than it really is, so don't over study. Read the book before the test and skim the ppt slides. Would take him again.
Professor Brewer is amazing and tries her hardest to make the material easier to understand it is simply just a very hard course. The tests are not very forgiving but its easier to make up points in other areas of the class. You have to show up or your grade will suffer.
She was a good teacher. If you attend SI regularly, do most of your homework, and all the projects the test should be fairly easy. Ask questions as you go along, dont wait to the last minutes. The practice test are almost identical to the real test.
She's nice and helpful, but the tests are significantly more challenging than the homework and lecture prepares you for.
She is probably the best chemistry teacher, but she's not helpful in her office.
A great teacher. Very fun and entertaining. No textbook. Not everyone likes him, but I thought that he was hilarious. I'd definitely take him again if given the chance.
Good class, great prof! Interesting, funny guy. Learned a lot!
Excellent instructor - it's about time someone showed some control in the class room so we can learn without distractions from immature students. One of the best professors - IF you're ready to learn and willing to put some time and effort into your work!
Good course. Nice guy.
Wonderful! Very helpful. Very nice!
Loved teaching and was super funny in class.
He really is a great professor - truly cares about his students and makes an honest effort to explain all the concepts; his tests are easier than you think, and the take-homes are a god-send! Definitely take him for bus. stat!
I agree with the last comment, the people who don't like Perry are the ones who still think they are in highschool. He gives a lot of bonus and is very helpful. His tests arent bad at all and I've heard from other students that their profs didn't prepare them well for the final but i did fine. Oh, and he's absolutely hilarious!
Great TEACHER!!
The only class I never slept through this past semester! Don't expect him to go out of his way to help you, but he's generally a nice guy. The Marsnik Cup is a nice touch that makes for some lively competition.
Vivian is a wonderful professor. Her tests are really easy as long as you study the key terms she posts online. She also requires a 1 page paper that uses only the textbooks as sources. Highly recommended.
A great teacher. She clearly explains things well, and how things are suppose to be done.
Harrie is a professor that challenges if you have learned the material or not. As long as you do the reading before hand, and i mean all of it, you will have no problem passing the quizzes and tests. She gives study guides that are key to the tests. Effort counts, so do NOT expect to skip class and not do the reading. You really work for your grade
She is pretty demanding. The historical analysis was fairly interesting. Her tests involve a lot of writing, and she's not the easiest grader. Definitely one of those "type A" personalities, class was well organized.
Very Independent Class, lots of reading, but she gives good base to learn....
Professor Grammy was a good professor. The class was asynchronous. He gives about 4 hours of work per week, but it was enough for me to understand the materials. He posts lecture videos, and while he talks slow, I played them on 1.5 speed and it was good. The midterm and final are not difficult as long as you study the PowerPoints and homework.
I've had both ITC 190 and 265 with Cregger. At his "worst" he reads straight from the slides and can be kind of dry. Other times he was cracking a lot of jokes and was much more engaged with the material. His grading scale was weighted equally between exams and homework so no single big failure ruins you. Altogether I think he's a good professor.
Laurie is laid back and very friendly. Gets to know students and cares about them. Tells a lot of stories but sometimes she gets off on a tangent and its irrelevant. Overall, very easy and nice.
Ifyou do the work she sets and you listen in class you wont have a problem. She is really knows her geology. Hint do the extra credit, its easy. Loved the class.
she rocks. great teacher, knows her stuff, tries to help the students do well.
This class is super easy because he gives you the test questions so all you have to do is memorize them. However, if you would actually like to learn about criminal justice I would not suggest this class because he has turned it more into a life lesson class. 95% of the class is him teaching you his life lessons, 5% actually about criminal justice.
Very great with lectures, I enjoyed zoom class a lot with this professor. As long as you keep your camera on and participate every once in a while, you are all good. Easy learning and if you fall behind her lectures help you to catch up. No complaints. Just keep up with due dates with this professor and you will be fine.
If you do the weekly problem sets, as well as attend class and take notes regularly you will do fine. He cares about everyone passing and actually learning. He takes a dry subject and turns it into something interesting during lecture. Go to the help room and office hours if needed, very helpful. Exams sometimes tricky, just study and get help.
Absolutely loved him as a professor. He loves to crack corny jokes and will sometimes sing in class. He truly cares about his students and wants them to do well in his class and often reminds his students of where to find help if it is needed. He makes the material easy to understand and hand writes all notes (no power points).
I enjoyed being in his class really good sense of humor made the class very enjoyible
I would recommend Professor Hower to students who don't good in math, or think they won't do a good job in Stats. If you do the bare minimum you will pass, and if you push a little harder you can easily get an A. My only complaint is when we switched to remote learning, she was hard to reach. She only responded back to a few of my emails.
sweet ****ing class if you'll study for tests
Prof. Thompson is a really friendly guy who gives interesting lectures. He expects that you don't hand in half-baked photo assignments, but he grades fairly. This is an intro class, so don't sweat it. Would recommend to anyone.
I absolutely enjoyed this class. History was taught from a different perspective, and is not your typical history lesson. We're not in high school anymore, so keep up with the readings and you'll do great in this class. One of my favorite classes in my entire college experience (I'm in my 3rd year)!!
Yanksak is the funniest teacher I've had. He makes comments while he is at the board, calls people jerks, etc. (all in joking) The material is relatively simple, if you don't understand, let him know...he will not go on until you get it. He does however like it when people answer his questions.
The only bad thing I can say is that he goes overboard when answering questions in class. Other than that, he's great. He posts the notes on line before class, so you only need to go to class if you have questions. A book isn't required which is nice for $$. And he's almost always available for office hours. What more could you want?
Trezger is a decent teacher, but he wants to see you succeed. Even as a finance major, this intro class is the hardest class I've taken at ISU. The entire class is three tests, but he offers optional reviews the week of. I would highly recommend going to these and visiting him in his office if you want to succeed in 240 and plan on taking him!
Dont buy the book. Really nice guy, go to class no matter what. Tests consist of mostly computational problems (do the problems) and several logic problems that he gives away in class whenever attendence is low. All you have to do for an A is go to every class and do the problems. Im banking on getting him to write a recommendation for a job for me
It's a very hard class, it's college anatomy. You will have to put in the work, especially for the lab. The tests are very similar to lab quizzes. I took notes on book chapters and did very well on the tests. The lecture is hard to follow and boring but he has a dry sense of humor so that makes it a little easier to not fall asleep.
A304 is not an easy class but I think you have a better shot of getting an A with prof Head. Attendance is required and she is strict about it, but she is very available if you need help and wants her students to do well. I recommend following the exam help sheet and doing the hw, also re-watch the class videos before the exams.
He's a great teacher and really explains the material well. I actually enjoyed history for a semester! Also, he looks like Denzel Washington in a blazer ;-)
LOVES teaching and is always enthusiastic and happy to see her students. Pay attention, work problems in class, because the HW/exam q's are more in depth and you need content mastery to get an A. Go to office hours with questions. If you get to know her, she will write you GLOWING letters of recc. There is no better professor than Dr. Brewer.
Britton is the best! He is funny and usually lets class out early, Read the book and buy the study guide (he will talk about it on the first day) and you will be fine he sometimes has pop quizes but not too often
If you've got a brain in your head and you know how to use it, you should take this class. If you can't drag your butt out of bed at 7:30 find someone else. I went to class once a week, turned in all kinds of extra credit, challenged his opinions and made HIM think....and walk out of this class with an A.
easy class. just do owl and show up. study notes, don't have to read.
I love Marsnik. He is such a fun guy and has great "real world" knowledge. He loves competition which makes class interesting. Take him for sure... at least for intro to MGMT.
One of the few PPA teachers worth her salt. A rare gem in a crap department.
She is a really nice teacher and a is very helpful. Hopefully you dont get extemely ill like me because she has no sympathy.
Funny but a bit monotoned. Tells you what you need to know. Read Chapters.
I spent a lot of time on this class. For a one credit course I had no time to get my lab booklet the way she wanted it. She's very picky when it comes to grading, and doesn't sympathize very much. My grade was passing, which is good enough for me considering its only a one credit course. She's a nice lady though, and not mean like some say she is.
tough concepts but she explains well; willing to help; crazy-fun in lecture
truly awesome, you can get a good grade if youre bad in econ, really helpful
Most helpful prof. Nice man. Go to class because he will tell you what will be on the exams. Quite a few homework assignments but only a couple are tricky. Gives you time in class to do hw so he can help you. Highly recommend him!
nice guy, quizzes are substantially easier than exams, do a fair amount of work and you'll get a C
Definitely the hardest class I've taken at Grand Valley but also the most beneficial. Her knowledge and resources will definitely help you in the real-world. She is very specific and clear in her expectations. She's also very helpful, but you need to have a specific question in order for her to answer. Don't skip class and definitely come prepared!
Awesome professor but he teaches with a very heavy hand on theory. Tests are quite hard but not impossible to pass if you go to office hours every day.
Really cares about the students, gives tons of opportunities to meet with him or a T.A outside of class. Going to class isn't mandatory but definitely necessary to get a good grade!
She was my best teacher this past semester. She's very helpful, and she teaches things in a new way so you learn a lot more.
I agree, you don't realise how good Jerry is till you have others
He always rambels on in Shakespeare class. We spent about a month on Hamlet, but he's very intellegent and expects you to be. You go to class listen to him lecture, take notes, and write 3 papers and that's it. Very nice guy. As everyone else has said though, it'll be months before you get any of the papers you've written back.
He is not a bad professor like everyone says. Psych 300 is a very challenging class, and if your definition of a good prof is a prof that will hand you a good grade then I suppose he is horrible. It is a class that makes you work very hard, but he was always willing to slow down and help our class. You just need to be willing to ask for help.
She is very knowledgeable regarding the subject manner and you will learn A LOT, but only if you can handle her lecture style. She is one of those professors that lectures AT you, probably spent a 1/4 of the quarter telling the class to pay attention to her when they already were and made people feel dumb for answering incorrectly. Not my thing.
One of the hardest classes I've taken. Forbes makes it very entertaining. You won't fall asleep during lecture. Very fair & willing to help any student who shows initiative. Would definitely take this instructor for another class.
Sometimes his German is hard to understand. He goes fast sometimes. But he's always willing to slow down and tell you. Very helpful.
Nice guy, great prof, and a fair grader
She is a really nice person but I just could not get over her pitchy voice - very annoying and she sure likes to talk a lot. She has some valuable information and I think she is very helpful too.
professor halsell is a very funny and entertaining woman! she's always available to help out and you can tell she cares about her students. this class is difficult, as are many stem courses so be prepared to work hard. there are multiple weekly assignments but many of them are simple. the tests are insanely hard so be ready to study!
She is very willing to help a student and has a very vast mind behind her lectures. Classs maybe slightly boring but she always makes sure everyone understands.
Don't let him scare you! He does it to weed out those who don't want to work. Gives exam questions in advance. lots of reading. but not an easy a. always willing to help. group project a breeze. don't take with other hard classes.
Love her. She is so great and fun. She loves teaching. I will take all of the classes that she teaches. The tests are a little hard so be prepared to study a little. 50 questions on a scantron sheet.
Love her. She is so great and fun. She loves teaching. I will take all of the classes that she teaches. The tests are a little hard so be prepared to study a little. 50 questions on a scantron sheet.
She is very clear, keeps it simple and the class wasn't a drag to be in.
great teacher. doesn't care about grades, just wants you to learn something.
Very helpful, wants you to succeed, very passionate about the subject!
very nice guy. Class is a bit dull, but its the material....
Proffesoressa Priestley is the cutest woman ever! It's such a joy to have her as the teacher. She is a hard grader and expects A LOT from her students and make sure to do the homework! Italian 105 is not the same w/o her!
His lectures are interesting, but you never know which part is important and is going to be on your midterm/final. Your grade in this class really depends on which TA you get because they grade your papers. For many people this class was a requirement in their major/minor. But if you have a choice, please avoid.
Needham is one of the funniest and clever teachers that I have had through my academic career.Real life examples,jokes,- that's what you can expect from his class. Exams are based on the material covered in class and HW quizzes
Freaking awesome teacher..def the best I've had here yet. Pay attention to his power point notes and you'll do fine. His tests arent that hard if u pay attention and going to his review session help a lot. Again, AWESOME teacher...his jokes could use some work though
Professoressa Fazzone is the cutest/nicest/funniest Italian woman. If you're taking 105 (or have to take any basic language class) TAKE HER! Very helpful, explains things well, cares a lot about your grade and you personally. HW takes 10-15 min. Reviews for tests/exams the day before. Encourages speaking Italian. You will learn A LOT & it's FUN!
Best professor ever! There's a lot of work, a 3-day final and she's strict about attendance. I could have gotten an A if I didn't miss so many classes.. again.. she's absolutely great and has an amazing sense of humor.. I'll definitely miss her!
good teacher, tough class, tough portfolio, but learn a lot about accounting
Ron is a good teacher and while he tries to be serious for most of the class, he often can make good jokes and make the class fun. The outside stories can be a pain, but just do your best and even completing them can help your grade a lot. He can ramble about anything for sometime, but he is great at giving you feedback on what you should do.
Sabol hates the french! haha. This man is awesome. He's so personable and actually makes learning about Central Asia somewhat fun. He's full of personal stories and anecdotes. If I weren't graduating, I would take many more classes with him.
Marketing Concepts is an information overload course. Bodkin expects you to know the material prior to class. His lectures are very rushed and not in depth. Read the book, take notes, show up to class. Grades come from exams (4) and daily attendance.
Attendance is required, and studying is a must. This class is difficult.
Well organized. Clear expectations. Fair. You will learn a lot and not realize it until the end.
Professor Reiter is great. I'm in his business calculus class right now with a B. You definitely need to study for this class though. He has reviews very often and he is always willing to help during office hours. The course can be hard at times but it's not out of reach. Professor Reiter is also a boss.
He is really funny and keeps his lectures entertaining. His test can be a little tricky but if you study your notes and read the book you should do fine. Wanted to take him in the Spring but couldn't find a class he was teaching other than what I already took.
Very interesting class. The only class I really enjoyed sitting through. Tough exams, but should be fine if you take good notes.
One of my favorite teachers so far. I would highly recommend him. I actually got a D the first time I took him, but all you need to do is actually complete the 'optional' hw and show up for all class lectures. I got an A the 2nd time when I wasn't so lax. Calc. is hard, this guy makes it as easy as possible, but you have to work a little.
Dr. Houston is a very good professor, I just finished my Business Calculus with him.He is very helpful for students.He works the problems as much as you will need to understand the subject. I would highly recommended him.
Really, really smart and crystal clear teaching. One of the best teacher's I've ever had, I learned so much. She's a little picky, but still very fair. I'm a math guy, so I basically breezed through the class and got an A. I'll take her in the future if I can, she made me want to get a minor in Management Science.
Easy class. Good teacher. Helpful towards your grades.
You'll have joke quizzes that he tells you the answer to, but you have to be present to get credit. Attendance isn't mandatory but careful with the quizzes. No textbook needed but you'll need to get mastering geology bc the hw is on that. He's really nice, but kind of a quack.
Atwood is easy. you just have to remember to think only through his point of view when answering questions on exams. class was def way too early. the books in the beginning are boring but if you don't read rose garden and unchained memories, you are missing out big time.
Easy class, midterm and final are 50 question multiple choice. easy, but you have to do some of the reading, which isn't horrible. his lectures are pretty interesting, but the notes were online from the TA anyway. only teaches from one point of view. this semester, we had to do that paper for an A
The most inspiring professor i've had. So down to earth and real. He's the savior of the psych dept. at Rutgers. One of the few professors who passionately challenges this insane field, by revealing touching anecdotes and personal struggles in the field.
Gets down to business in lectures. You don't need to take notes and lectures are not super important to attend. The animator program sucks. He explains concepts pretty well. If you complain about him catching cheaters with his software, don't cheat, dumbass! Lecture quizzes are tough becuase there's only 2-3 problems.
I REALLY enjoyed this class. Yes, it is hard but it's extremely interesting and Heap is so helpful and nice if you go to his office hours. Don't think because you had a quiz one day you can miss the next class--mistake. Don't ever be late if you're shy he really will make you sing, I had to twice. Ended with a B. Strongly recommend if you like econ
I really enjoyed the class. Heap does a good job at explaing the theory and discussing modern day economic issues. The class wasn't that hard if you studied, but the exam was tough.
tests are hard, but usually curves, and have to do project, lectures not too bad
Attending the lectures, while not mandatory, are the only way to pass. All the info is on the tests. Copy the notes that are up on the projector, briefly study them for each test, and pay attention in lectures. He is an easy grade on assignments.
Good teacher, I would recommend this class to anyone for an easy gen ed. The class covers some odd topics, like the comic book section, but the performances are fun. Lots of class discussions, and a laid back atmosphere. Tests are easy.
She is a very straight forward teacher. She lectures the whole class then gives a few quizzes then a test on the chapters at hand. Tests are hard so studying an dpaying attention in class is a big help!
Dudley was a great biology professor, one of the best professors I have had in college. She made an effort to keep us engaged in the class and got to know her students more than any other professor I have had. I enjoyed her class and actually wish I could have her again, but I really have no interest in taking more science classes. Oh well. lol
clear, easy to understand
He is a master at breaking down texts and explaining them clearly. As a result, he is good at promoting discussion by poking holes in things. The material is very difficult, but because he explains it well, it's easy to learn a lot from his classes.
Excellent class! Interesting material; easy if you understand the concepts. Just study for the exams and write decent papers and you should be fine.
He is extremely entertaining. He teaches everything on a personal and funny level. He is the best professor in the psych department. The tests are easy and straightforward. He wants the students to get something out of lecture more than tests. Retakes are a yes. No book needed.
I took this class thinking it would be an easy A...it WASN'T!! Although i did end up getting an A, it took a lot of work. There's lots of homework, random in class essays, and a final assignment that includes a trip to a museum, along with a research paper or an original work of art (you get to choose). Take DETAILED notes, and attend ALL classe!!!
I took this class online and thought it would be really interesting as everyone said before. It was much harder then I thought, and there went my 4.0 GPA. Plan on reading up to 150 pages a week, it's a lot of work and he requires 3 books! And a set of DVD's. The tests are very hard and very hard to grasp the concepts. He was very nice.
Johnnie is the man!! His tests can be difficult, but they really make you think about the subject matter. He really changed my life and made me see and appreciate philosophy in a way I never had before. One of the best instructors at SC!
This is the perfect class. Very easy, but very interesting at the same time! You don't usually get those two at the same time. Open notes for both tests, so there is NO WAY you can screw up. Also, he is truly committed to this subject, and is really an expert, so he knows what he's talking about. Loved this class.
She is such a wonderful professor. Her sense of humor is gold. She is so so so hilarious and ridiculously bunt. She is just fabulous. Class discussions are HUGE to her, so definitely participate. She gives TONS of positive feedback for interesting perspectives. Be SO psyched if you get into one of her classes. She is the best.
I never bought the notebook (I'm too cheap). Everyone says he rambles but I pay attention in class about 75% of the time. I always show up to lectures and sit near the front on the right hand side. He may be rambling but if you are an English speaker he is very easy to understand I have a consistent A in this class... Come to class. Read the books
it isn't that bad if you have a head on your shoulders.
Athanas was a great teacher. Her tests are very fair. Calc 2 was a hard course in general, but Athanas has a lot of energy and cares how well everyone does. Doing the practice problems helps. She teaches the class through examples rather than spelling out the steps, which is fine since you have recitation and the book as a supplement.
This is a sortof boring class with lots of reading, but the discussion days are fun. A good slacker class - you don't really have to go that often. Hard tests sometimes but not too bad. never longer than 1 page papers. Art History people will like this class - he shows a lot of slides of greek art that are cool.
Kaplan is great. I was nervous going into this class because everyone was telling me his tests were impossible what helped me a lot was doing those practice tests at the end of each chapter..and there's an online site with practice questions on it that's in the book. he's a brilliant man, take his class you'll learn a lot
Class was so easy. I only attended half the time and didn't study at all and got an A. The tests are so easy, multiple choice. She is a fun teacher, though, and her lectures are helpful.
Armada is a great professor! At first, I was worried I wouldn't do well because he seemed to be a harsh grader, but the assignments got better/easier. I learned a lot from him because we did a variety of projects. His grading is very clear and he gives great feedback. It was harder than 111, but still very interesting. Would recommend!
Spends the time to make sure you understand how conducting is related to the music. Jerk sometimes? Maybe, but if you aren't working than he will ride you to make you better. Wish more professors in the department pushed like he does. Most let you slide.
Prof. Saweris is very nice and really wants you to do well. He gives extra time on Labs and wants to make sure everyone is understanding. Great teacher. Likes to tell stories about himself, kinda off the topic. But that doesn't bother me!
This was an interesting class, but I don't care what you say, even if you are potentially interested in this class, it still can get very boring. Pretty easy for the most part, three exams and one paper...study the review questions and follow along as he lectures. Nice guy.
only 2 exams, no final. must memorize the whole book to do well.
She is really great! She is very helpful, and cares deeply about the well-being of her students. She demands excellence in compositions, but does not assign a huge amount of work. She's awesome. One of my favorite professors here. I definitely recommend taking a class from her if you are serious about spanish.
Since this was our capstone class, she seemed to be even tougher than normal. However, in the end, her grading was pretty lenient. She was very willing to help in her office. Class time was completely devoted to discussing the readings, so if you didn't do them or didn't talk, you lost a lot of participation points.
I loved Bull as a person; he's seriously one of the funniest professors that I've ever encountered. The class itself though was a little frustrating for me. His tests are laid out in a really weird, VERY specific format that can be hard to prep for. He gives you past tests to study from, and they do help, but it's easy to get lost.
Your class grade is based on answering questions, which is ridiculous. You have to answer questions 2x a day to pass his class, but if other ppl already said your answer obviously you're not going to get points.And all he does is talk forever.
Everyone saying this class was HARD it's because you didn't show up or study. It's a college class so get this, you actually have to wake up and do work! There's lots of information but he goes over everything and is always willing to help you. Also lots of chances to bring up your grade. He also has a hilarious sense of humor if you pay attention!
He is a really good, he is always there to help you and his grading scale is generious. To get a B it is a 75-89...now you can't tell me that's nice. Tests might be a little hard but he gives you exercises to bring up your grade and gives you one extra credit pop quiz that you know about. I highly recommend him.
I believe Prof Stoffey truly tried to make the best of his classes and he tries soo hard to help the students through it. I had Statistics and I dreaded it but he made it do able..if you want to pass he will help you do that. Just be prepared to work for your grade. He's fair and helpful.
I don't love math so for my statistics cognate I was able to take 255. Definitely a good move and Moes is a nice guy. Sometimes lectures feel very discombobulated, but for the most part you can figure out what's going on and he posts everything to Moodle as well. He is always willing to answer questions you have during or outside of class.
great prof but one of the harder psych 151 sections; i had to work hard to get an A-, interesting, like the videos, i recommend him
He is a very hard prof but he really wants every one to succeed. The key in his class is really to visit him often. My may be busy and he may be the head of the math dept. but he will always make time for his students. Great Teacher
This class is definitely tough. Only 3 exams, 10 or so pop quizzes, and a ton of content. Keep up to date with the readings, regularly go to office hours, NEVER skip lecture and you'll be fine
Uncle Doug is the best around! Loved going to his class, made it super fun and was an awesome guy to talk to in and outside of class. Willing to sit down and help and make you understand it. He will tell you what you need to work on, but in a good way. He is retiring and will be missed at Stout, one of my favorite pro! He is da Bomb!
very good teacher, but expects a lot from students. avoid him for electives.
Lectures the whole hour. Quizzes are easy if you pay attention and look them over once the night before. He is so knowledgeable and passionate. Adds real life examples which is so helpful. Easy to approach, friendly. This is a perfect balance between not too easy but not impossible. Anyone can succeed if you put in a little effort. Take his class!!
nice if you are a favorite, gives tons of useless homework
Hard class and little tolerance for interruptions or other distractions. Rather like working in the real world. If you hate this class, you are going to have a rough transition to the working world. Greenlee really cares about students who really care.
Dr. Chen is one of the best teachers I've ever had. She is also the hardest one. She expects very specific things in every assignment, but let's you know exactly what she wants and holds plenty of office hours so you can fine-tune everything you do. She truly cares about your development as a writer, and only asks that you try. Love this woman.
Very nice guy and he offers another outlook on the world of writing. Very easy if you put in the effort.
Dr. Amstuz' classes require work, but they are manigible. Like others have said, he teaches through stories. And reading the text is mandatory. He's a great guy and offers great advice and cares for students. Do a dine with a mind with him.
I liked this class. I feel like I learned a LOT of very practical knowledge about the criminal justice system. As others have said, he can get repetitive, but honestly, it actually helps because then you'll really know stuff for exams. Also, the TAs write the exams, not him. I felt our exams were fair and not bad at all if you just went to class.
Dreaded OCHEM going in, but turned out to be one of my favorite classes. Hard material, but he makes it easy to stay on top of it, and is always available for questions and help.
Dr. White is hilarious. The material is boring unless you are actually into it. i had the class at 9:30 in the morning, and he took attendance every single day. Most of the time he is pretty dry, but go to the study sessions and you will be fine.
If you read, do the problems in the textbook, and attend class you can do very well. Dedicate a lot of time to understand concepts and work problems. He says don't memorize material and he is right. You will need to understand Organic Chemistry to pass the ACS exam and his tests. Don't procrastinate and take this class when your courseload is small
Bring a recorder, he talks very fast. Must use the book and do all assigned hw problems. Probably 50% of his tests are straight from the hw. Pretty straightforward, doesn't usually give partial credit though. He does have review sessions where you can ask questions before each of the 5 exams. He is a funny, smart teacher. Do the hw!
each week there is a reading log and discussion posting. Also throughout the 14 week semester there are several other assignments to do. this professor has done a wonderful job of developing a class that's very structured and she provides examples for each assignment. GREAT Class, a lot of reading but you'll learn a lot.
Prof. holdaway has a unique style. He seems a little disorganized, but REALLY knows his stuff. He is very open to questions and will answer with great depth and clarity. He absolutely pushes you to do your best, which forces you to fully underdstand each concept. I learned more from these two classes than any others I've ever taken.
for a bland subject, he did a good job. he is very interested in what any of his students have to say and considers each one equally. reviews key points before every class, seems to genuinely enjoy his job.
tough but fair, learned a lot
Very interesting, very funny guy. He definitely leans toward a liberal viewpoint, which is why I liked him so much. I learned a lot in his class, but for some reason I did terrible on his tests....
Rudolph is a no **** professor. He's fair, to the point and reasonable. Very passionate and extremely knowldgeable. Basically a walking Politics encyclopedia. He knows his role, and if you know yours, youll end up with an A.
Not a difficult class as long as you study your notes and do the D&Ps. Class isn't mandatory but go anyways cause thats the only way to get the information for the test! Lots of the jokes are helpful!
He is a really good teacher that likes to have fun at the same time. he relates his materials to modern day things which helps alot and if you pay attention he basiclly gives you everything you need for the tests in class... very good teacher
Professor Papaccio was a very good professor, as long as you participate and stay engaged throughout the class you were on her good side. Some of the concepts from ENGL 1201 will be used in this course. This class is mainly writing based so be prepared to write a couple of papers throughout the semester. Attendance is mandatory so DON'T SKIP CLASS.
I never wanted to miss class because it such a fun and you could learn a lot. He knows what he's talking about and how to make class interesting and enjoyable. Great person,awesome teacher!
LOOMIS IS VERY PASSIONATE ABOUT THE SUBJECT AND KNOWS A LOT OF INFORMATION ABOUT IT. CLASS CAN GET BORING AT TIMES BUT HE'S VERY HELPFUL AND ENCOURAGES YOU TO ASK QUESTIONS! THERE ARE 2 TESTS, 1 PAPER, AND DAILY QUIZZES! YOU ONLY HAVE 2 BOOKS BUT HE SPLITS UP THE READINGS SO ITS EASY AND NOT LONG.
He is quite hard to understand due to his lisp, however he is a great teacher. Every test is directly from the notes. The review sessions weren't even needed nor was the book (I've honestly never even taken a look at the thing). Furthermore he is really helpful outside of class. His tests however do require you know your stuff or else.
He put the notes online for us to review. He moved our exam because he found out the Aerodynamics exam was the same day. He's very nice and cares a lot about his students succeeding and understanding the material. I messed up an equation on one of the exams and he gave me most of the credit for the problem.
She is very clear and to the point. I did like her class becuase it was very easy to follow.
Dr. Lee is a very caring professor, but can at times be scary. Don't be surprised if you or people around you start crying in the first few lectures, because the level of difficulty might take you off guard. You really need to pay attention to lectures in order to get an A in this class. This class was the worst grade I got first semester.
Very challengeig but itll help you become a better critical thinker. Overall, he is very caring and want everyone to do well just expect it to be difficult.
Lots of examples!!! He was so much help in office hours too. I got a better mark here than PHYS 124 and 121. He's an amazing prof.
If you are looking for a class to breeze through, keep looking. Rosso will make you work. Go to every class, you don't want to miss any notes. Buy the exact book he wants you to, not another version. With that being said, he is amazing. Very helpful and just a generally cool guy. One of my fav. classes for sure.
I wasn't a huge fan of Henke at first, but he has definitely grown on me. His exams are based off the study questions, so as long as you do those then you are fine. He always ends the lectures early and teaches off of powerpoints you can access whenever.
Dr.Henke is the funniest prof I've ever met, although his voice can sometimes lull you to sleep, his classes are important to attend, because if you do and you take good notes you'll do great on the exams!
He is brilliant, but has his own methods for doing things, so if you go to another school later they may look at you like you're crazy. He can be hard to keep up with because his mind just goes so FAST. He is funny in lectures, but girls watch out: he can be a creeper.
He is a pretty good teacher. The essays are extremely hard. He expects alot out of them. I took my essay to the writing center and still ended up with a B- on the paper. The tests were not to bad. You just need to study and know the material well. I got an A- in the class but I had to work for it.
Very good class, take him!! Extremely doable, just stay on top of things. Don't bother to read the textbook.
Extremely easy. Take if you do not want to learn anything. You will have a good time. She does not teach anything. She talks about fashion, money and stupid stuff
I don't agree with people on here really at all. He does mumble at times, but his homework is basically the exam so exams are easy if you do the homework. Always lets you out early which is nice, and when you look back you learn more than you realize, definitely recommend
Frank seems mean at first, but after you get past the very beginning he gets a lot nicer. He is really really smart and although the class is boring, it's pretty easy since he says exactly what you need to know for the tests over and over. No homework, 2 tests and a final and that's it. Pretty much the way an into phil class should be.
Dr. Bukowy is an asset to the School of Business. I had him for Summer Session 1 in Business Statistics. His test are kind of hard, but he goes over the material thoroughly
I don't go to this school but I took macro with this dude over summer 2013. The material is difficult, but he is really cool and tries to make it as interesting as possible. I had a really hard time on the tests, but he came over to me and literally gave me some of the answers bc he saw I was struggling. Plus he curves a lot which helped.
AWESOME Teacher. Very nice and helpful. Makes class fun. No book. Take great notes and study and you'll be fine! Who knew someone could make rocks so interesting!? I didn't want to take this class but it ended up being my favorite. HIGHLY recommend this class :)
Hard to understand, but tries to help you out the best he can.
Great teacher. Very interesting. Will answer any questions you have. Not an easy grader. Don't expect an A. Very tough grader. I love his class on the 3rd Reich. After a few days you don't notice his accent at all.
If you aren't a pscyhology major or very interested in psychology, take an easier professor. He's difficult but a perfect preparation for grad school. The book is your world. Notes, class and the book are all fair game but if you keep up with the material you can do very well. Some trick quesions but only if you haven't studied enough. READ THE BOO
took him during the summer so i didn't get a lot of the goodies i think his class would offer.went to class,took notes,read,madeB+/A- without studying.some people found it really difficult though. oh yeah, i found him INCREDIBLY SEXY!
The sweetest old man you'll ever meet. He's like your favourite grandparent, only more intelligent. Sometimes he's a little spacey, but he's awesome to listen to. I'd get depressed when I missed class. The TAs are pretty lousy, though, and they're the ones who grade you, so don't expect to sail through.
Mostrom is literally the cutest teacher ever. She truly cares about Biology. You don't have to go to class really however it would be easier if you did. As of right now, I have a 92 % Her lectures are boring and just her filling in the blanks but I'm sure you can do that urself. Memorize the slides and you will pass.
Mostrom is amazing, honestly one of my favorite professors. As long as you show up, act interested, and know what she emphasizes - you'll get an A. She is very clear about what will/wil not be on exams - make sure you pay attention to that! It's key. The field trip is fun (in BS220) - go - a lunch with Mostrom can be interesting :o)
Dr. Batkay is a very good professor. He knows his material extremely well and he often goes off on tangents about current issues. However, since his class is not Fox News, it is often difficult for a student to respond to his diatribes.
The class consists of 4 exams and a semester research paper. It is challenging since its a sociology credit course. Get ready to read the textbook. You will not do good in class, If you dont read. If you miss class, make sure to send an email so that she can give you advice/caught you up of what you miss. Overall, she is kind and a decent prof.
She's absolutely amazing, she really sweet. Honestly, if you pay attention in her class, read the chapters, do the extra credit quizzes.
Dersch is a great teacher. I took Precalc in HS b4 taking intermed alg, and his explanations were a little drawn out to me. But everyone understood it then :)His jokes are a little lame (sometimes funny) and math is his life, but he's really nice!! Great prof. But maybe not if you're looking for a challenge, at least in MA 107
she is a wonderful woman, she even drove 2 hrs to my hometown when my father passed away. she is very helpful, always willing to meet outside of class and it's nice that we say a prayer at the start of class...we do go to catholic school after all!
Knows her stuff. 4 tests. All noncumulative. No papers. The packet is an excellent study source. Don't miss class though because she covers a lot of info each time. Buy book if you can get the disc with it. Otherwise don't. Disc has good practice quizzes
Great Prof, depth and clarity. This class require some background in Physics. If you have no background in physics, still take it but do not complain. He tries hard to make it easy, but for student with no physics, it will still be hard.
She is one of the best math teachers I have ever had. Took this class as a freshman along with her MTH 142 help class and for the first time, excelled in math. My placement test recommended I take MTH 011 but i took this instead and glad I did. I strongly recommend her class. GREAT teacher!
Professor Wolfe is an AMAZING professor!! Would definitely take this course again! He always makes lecture interesting and tries to make you laugh. Truly a genuine guy that is willing to help if you read the book and put in effort. Participate in class and youll have a great experience!
If you care about social issues at all you should find this guy's class interesting. I don't know why the others are complaining. His class is really easy if you are willing to listen to the ideas he presents. Don't sit in the back.
I thought she was an absolute sweetheart. She looks tough, but don't let that fool you. The ENG 271 material was really quite difficult, but if you show any understanding of the material at all and apply it to your paper, you'll be just fine. =)
Nice lady but the class was difficult
Interesting class (CHF 200) attendance mandatory. She keeps things fun, however she is very opinionated. Didn't offend me, or most others. She is very helpful I think!
he's difficult but he tells you what you have to do to receive an A. crazy midterm and a final essay and final exam that were crazy as well. Read the material even if its for the one day that he kicks out the people who didnt read. intimidating but personable. spends a lot of one on one time with students.
Excellent professor! You can tell he's really passionate about the material he teaches. Class can be a little hard to follow if you never look at the textbook. So long as you keep up to date on the material, you'll do fine. Labs are very fun because you can look at any specimens available that you want. It's very free form and interesting.
very good teacher, wish i had him for calc 1-3, his diff eqs book is really good too, i learned a lot
just go ask questions during office hours. shes a good teacher, you just have to coax it out of her
Dr. Stokes is great. I took Animal Nutrition with him, and it was a hard class, but he told everyone that at the beginning of the semester. No textbook, just his notes that you have to print off, and although they can be confusing, studying the past prelims (which he gives to you, w/out answers) worked for me.
What an awesome professor, very smart, comedic, and more than willing to help you get the grade you want for his class. But I would brush up on my SAT vocabulary because its difficult to keep up otherwise! It IS a class that requires effort and work, but it is rewarding, and you are much smarter for it!
Mr. Fontaine is a pretty good teacher, he gives you handouts like 3 weeks before an exam and everything that is on the handout will be on the exam, nothing more, if you read the chapters and and know every question inside and out then you will get a good grade, his questions are very straight foward, he is also a really nice guy.
I personally enjoyed Sci 100. While it was a lot of busy work, I surprisingly learned a lot. Dr. Readel has a way of explaining things clearly, while not making the student feel inadequate. Don't slack in this class because it will come back to bite you. Remember to get all the points you can, GO TO LAB, and do the discussion posts! Recommended.
Amazing instructor, one of the best I've ever had, attend lectures, they are interesting and worth going, homework are ok, if you feel stuck on something, you can always stop by his office and he'll be glad to help. Totally recommend him for other courses.
I love her! SHe is so nice and wants to help you in any way. I have had her twice now an I want to take all her classes. The material is a little dry but her tests and papers are on the easy side and if you put in the small amount of work she requires, you will do fine. Favorite spanish professor here!
Well spoken, intellgient, and challenging professor. Expects you to read and follow in class, but very willing to help outside of classroom. Definitley take this guy... probably best class I've taken so far.
Knows his stuff. Very helpful even though material is rather difficult.
Bonny Tighe is an amazing professor. She provides her students with many resources to succeed in the class. She also gives advice about things outside of the classroom.
This was my first time taking calculus and I'm SO glad it was with Mrs. Tighe. She's really really nice, and pretty funny about math. She tries hard to make sure everybody understands what's going on, and has review sessions on the weekends before our exams. Just try and come to class and you'll be fine.
Liked listening to her Australian accent. Great woman. Fun classes-brought her dog. Papers aren't bad if you prepare and GO TO CLASS. Exams are easy, get questions ahead of time. I had no prior experience in philosophy and loved the class, got an A.
If history is not something you are interested in, then this class will be pretty boring. However, if you need a history class then this is a good option. He gives you the test questions a week beforehand, and the only other grades are a couple short essays. Attendance is not mandatory, but it will be slightly easier to prep for the tests if you go
She is very interesting, but the honors psych course is VERY HARD. dont take it unless you plan to work your butt off. you have to know specfic details from the textbook, and studying for tests is like guesswork. Hardest class i have ever taken.
Super helpful guy. This is my second semester with him by choice. If you didn't have a rigorous high school chemistry course, you'll have to put in some serious legwork. The SI was really helpful for condensed studying sessions before tests, but she's leaving next semester. Makes the 8 am worth it.
I think pretty much everyone loves Dr. P. His lectures are incredibly thought-provoking, and his personality is amazing. As for his tests, they come from the lectures, so pay special attention to what Dr. P says, rather than just your notes or the textbook. He's not afraid to ask a lot of his students, so you better be up for the challenge!
He has pretty good and helpful lectures, but it is super easy to zone out, and do other things on your computer. The homework and iClicker reef are easy points. Just try to listen and take notes in class, so you dont have to waste time to learn it later. Go to class for clicker question. Hardest part of the class, it's super easy to get distracted
I am absolutely horrible at math...barely passed pre-calculus...and I got a 97 in this class. Go to the lectures (going to section doesn't really do anything, most of the TA's are foreign, hard to understand, and not helpful) and do the practice tests he puts on Blackboard and you will be fine!
All around great guy and really cares about his students. He was my Faculty Advisor too and got along with him great. I enjoyed the class, and use the concepts all the time.
He wants kids to do well, but at the same time he is demanding. You have online quizzes so that if you bomb the tests you won't fail. He seems like an easy paper grader as long as you stick to the topic. Kinda boring class...Read the book!
I love history but Steinson's enthusiasm made me love it even more. Yes the tests are hard and the writing assignments are tedious but I feel like her enthusiasm makes you want to do the work. You really learn a lot in this class. She's notorious for sending lots of emails changing the readings and adding random information. Best Prof at DePauw!
Irv is so hot!!! I don't like the dog that won't let you pet it unless you smell like beef, which I don't. Otherwise, great class to attend and learned a lot, but rough exams!!
Good Prof. Come to class and pay attention, you will pass. The best chances of acing this class is through the midterms. Ace them then you are good. Final will be hard! Skip class and you won't pass. He tells you some questions and answers that will come on the tests.
Good class, I learned a lot from it. I intend to try and take 203 with him as well.
He wants people to be polite and does not like it if you leave his class early. Also wants students to remove their hats in class which is fine. Pretty funny teacher, has (typically) easy quizzes almost every class. Tests are not hard, but the true/false always messes up my test grade. As long as you do well on quizzes you should do fine.
I personally love Dr Mc Cutchen. All I gotta say is that the tests are easy if u study and the classes are never boring. As far as people liking him, u either love him or u hate him. he is always there for help if you need it.
Great prof. You'll learn a lot cause he makes things very clear. Take good notes
Great Prof, easy to understand but her class is hard
Tough class, but a hard working, genuinely caring professor
hard class, great teacher!
She's hot. Pretty interesting subjects covered for just about anyone I would think. Test are not too tough. Entertaining lectures and if you go to class and pay attention, take some notes... you should get an A. DO NOT miss any of the online quizzes though. She WILL NOT let you make them up. That almost screwed me over....
If you do any mass comm research, you'll find her name everywhere. She knows her stuff and is so nice and helpful. her media message analysis class is easy and interesting. another cool comm professor
Dr. Link is a good Econ teacher. He is experienced, articulate of his ideas and quirky (which makes his lectures interesting). He wants to you to be engaged in his class. The only drawback is that sometimes his lectures feel like they get dragged out a bit. Otherwise, solid professor!
if you just listen in lec, you'll do well on exams. doing old exams and going to class should get you a pretty easy A. the labs can be hard (the quizzes), but all in all this class is pretty easy. some Q's on tests are from old exams exactly. just pay attention and you'll do fine. this guy's good.
Amazing professor. take notes in the class and listen to what he has to say, i pry dont have to even say that because there is just something about his presentations that interest you and make you pay attention. you will be well informed on your subjects and have a pretty good time doing so. over all one of the best professors i have had.
my fave class! made me want to come to class and was always making us laugh
If you have taken health classes in the past, this class is a nearly identical setup. Mr. Ledrick is knowledgeable and helpful. He keeps the lecture interesting by talking to the class and sharing real-life stories and examples. Go to class as much as possible. No quizzes. Slides. Use book to study for tests. Attendance is important.
Great prof! He really knows what he is talking about. Class is interesting...stuff for 1st exam is pretty hard, but stick with it, the class gets easier! Don't buy the book unless you want to use it as a reference, we never used it in class.
Very demanding, but fair and he teaches you a lot. I would recommend it to those who want to get the skills needed to be successful.
Comes off a bit pretentious as first, but once you get to know him you realize it may just be a little eccentric self-consciousness. He does require you to learn a lot of information but never questions beyond the powerpoints. Using the book is a personal choice if clarification is needed. Really really wants students to succeed.
Great professor and a nice guy. I am not a math wiz by any means and I pulled of an A- in his class. Just listen and ask for help if needed. He does an EXCELLENT job in explaining 'difficult' concepts in a relatively easy and understandable way which i think is the best thing about him. If you suck at math and need STATS215, i recommend him
good prof, but you better go see him during office hours or he doesn't like you
Good teacher. Knows her stuff. Provides detailed study guides for tests. Don't skip too many classes.
enthusiastic, tests rather hard, have to study def. for this class.
GREAT professor. A little mean, but its good for you. She'll teach you a lot.
Extremely rude and clearly has her favorites. Snapped whenever I would ask a question. It was a boring class to sit through with a lot of material that hardly relates to her ridiculous tests. Not recommended.
Leo's cool. If you have him read your papers b/f you hand them in, he'll bump up your grade. 3 essays for a final grade. but they're easy to write on. talk in class and your grade will be higher. =)
I really loved this prof. He actually seemed to care about his students. Always asked me how I was everyday. Once I figured out the tests, I was able to get As everytime. He gives sample exams and study guides to study and once I learned how to use those it was a cake walk. His lectures are a little scattered, but it was important to go to class.
Professor Burns is a very kind man and he wants his students to do well. His tests are not unmanageable, although you should read the textbook. The only negative thing I could say is that he speaks so excitedly that sometimes it is too fast or too quiet to understand.
Interesting course, easy exams. Overall, a nice guy.
Prof Carlson is very smart and knows his chemistry!This class has been easier than I anticipated, although it's still a challenge. I go to tutoring once a week, read the book, and study my notes, and I have been doing just fine. He gives lots of review questions before every exam, so do them! It's a difficult subject regardless. He's a great prof.
Quirky kinda guy but knows his stuff really well. Drew analogies to the material a monkey could follow. Tests and quizes ok. If you take him, make sure you ask questions if you are unsure of something. He will try to help you.
Real nice guy that takes time to learn students names. Very helpful and can do some amazing math. Definitely knows his stuff. Sometimes wording on exams can be confusing, but otherwise is a good teacher.
I liked the guy as a person. As a teacher, he is a bit all over the place. He uses examples that are just wrong. But, he knows his Psych and cares about his students. For an intro class, it was pretty good.
The PUN MASTER! Ok, so he uses bad puns a lot, but still, he's great. His classes are fun and you learn a lot.
Dr. Wu is soft-spoken, but very knowledgeable about linguistics. He assigns a lot of homework, and is fair in grading. He gives good feedback. His lectures are hard to follow for some. He only tests on what is covered in class. He responds to email very quickly. He connects what you learn to the real world often, and repeats concepts so they stick.
He speaks quietly, which can make it difficult if you sit in the back, but he really knows his stuff! Wonderful pedagogy, fun and always cheerful.
LOVE HIM!! this class is informative, easy to follow and just wonderful! Definitely take it if you can. He is so helpful and if you put some effort into the class you will get at least a B but probably an A. He made me decide to add a Food and Resource Marketing and Management minor. two thumbs wayyyy up!
I took his online class during the summer and it was alright. If you read your material you'll do good on the quizes. There were only 3 tests but they were really easy. If your confused on the short essay's you can always contact him and ask, he is really good at answering back.
I really wish i put more effort into his class because it would of been an Easy A but with a difficult semester, pulling through with a B was pretty satisfying. If you study more than whats on the Study Guide, you'll do really well. And he's great with questions and concerns about grades. He has great lectures and loves feedback from students.
Easier than the other 315 teacher. Test are hard, you better study hard or you can just ask someone from the other section, same test. He get sick easily, so spread them germs and get days off!!!!
Very good teacher, not difficult to understand (English), goes slower than chem 105, study, you'll do well
JZV is easily one of the best professors i've ever had. Extremely interesting material+lectures, and alot of notes to ensure your understanding. Be sure to do study guides for tests, shes pulls numerous questions from them (it was written by her) She's extremely passionate about her teachings, but does not care if you fail. I would recommend her!!
I took an online class with Terry and found his lecture videos super easy to follow. The homework was the exact same as the test so if you do the homework you should be good.
Dr. Grabowski teaches O-Chem, it isn't going to be easy. Yes his tests are difficult but they are extremely predictable- look at the previous years tests. He allows you to drop a midterm and gives ~30 extra credit points. His class is not hard to do well in if you put in the time. I would definitely take Dr. Grabowski again.
By far the smartest history professor I have had. Ive always hated history courses but he made me really interested in what we were learning. Theres a lot of reading and the quizzes and exams are ALL writing, no multiple choice. PPTs don't have any words and aren't posted online so you have to actively listen to get any use out of the lectures.
Great teacher! Loved what he teaches, and makes it clear in his lectures with what he wants you to know for the exam. However, students need to go to class and be attentive, you also need to read the little stories 4 the quizes & exams (theyre easy though, no worries). Hes funny, energetic,interesting; probably my favorite professor so far.
Class was definitely easy...don't even bother going to class it will just put you to sleep. As long as you get notes off webct and every once and a while pick up the textbook you'll do fine. Nice teacher...reminds me of a cowboy
definitely boring, but the easiest A ever!
Definitely a class that you must be interested in to do well in. I loved it & sometimes the lectures flew by! She's a very tough grader which was stressful & quizzes/ exams are packed with information, but if you take notes in class & attend regularly, you will have all of the information. Overall, a sweet lady who's passionate about her job!
The class is interesting, however, it's SO much work. You need to be on top of things & you cannot slack off. Watch the movies, they're easy points. There are probably easier pathways to take, but this one was very interesting & I learned a lot. JB is passionate about what he does & wants his students to learn. He gives lots of point opportunities.
I suggest taking this class only if you are prepared to work hard. Read the material WHEN ASSIGNED!!Come in with questions prepared. He a an amazing teacher, but it is by far the most difficult Class i have ever taken. be prepared a large number of books are required for this class.
Great professor. He teaches with clarity and makes the subject matter easy to understand. He will give you a constant flow of projects to do though, one after another. It is a COSC class after all; the projects reinforce what is learned in class. I would definitely recommend taking his 110 or 105 class.
class is pretty tough, VERY boring...he tries, but it's nutrition
Very good teacher. It was am easy class to get an A in if you just went to class and did the work. It was efinetely not the same the last few weeks he wasn' there. His personal stories made class more interesting.
Dr. Forbes is great at what he does. He knows his material like the back of his hand, and he has had a lot of experience in the field of biology. He tends to get political at times intentionally which was annoying but you learn to get past it.
I had Dr. Forbes for lab and he is clearly very passionate and knowledgeable about the subject, which is great. Class was never boring. He was very clear with what exactly could be on each lab exam, so there were no surprises. If you did need help he was always there. By far one of my favorite teachers and I would definitely take his class again.
Great professor. Lectures for the whole hour but is very interesting and funny. Never was I bored. People think his class is hard but if you just go over the study guide you really shouldn't have much trouble.
Did a magic trick that blew my mind. Material is beyond confusing, but he repeats what he wants you to spit back out on the tests. Used spark notes for every assignment and got an A.
Very straight forward professor. Some think he is hard, but all the exams come straight from lecture notes. Test are fill in the blank and essay. Don't worry about reading the book, study the notes and you will be fine. (Try not to get Banister as your TA)
Very smart and nice guy, helpful prof, but very difficult class, especially if you skip the CHEM 103 section. Tests are tough, and class periods can get frustrating, even though he is a funny prof.
He was absolutely hilarious! He made the class fun and not boring. He does go off on tangents sometimes when he's explaining a problem, but he's overall a great prof.
Anthropology301 8 wk course. Dr Stolba is the way she is !! You just have to deal with it. Her class is easy.do the outlines,the extra credit stuff. She is monotonous. She gets side tract most of the times.There is an impt quiz it determines your final grade in a way. If you don?t do what she asks you to do this class is not for you.
I do enjoy Dr. Bond, he is a nice man and good teacher. Dr. Bond is helpful if you ask questions, though can be a little difficult to understand sometimes as he has a PhD in chemistry, and because of that I sometimes feel he doesn't understand that we are still learning the subject. I would definitely recommend the SI sessions and even a tutor.
Dr. Bond is kinda weird. He has no sense of humor. If write down everything he does off the board and study the notes, the tests will be fairly easy. Quizzes are frequent, I made 10/10 on almost all of them. Go to recitation, it is helpful with homework and lecture. Just show up and take notes and you'll be fine.
Gives you everything you need for the test--really knows his stuff
I didn't feel as challenged in Dr. Spencer's class as I have in others, but he was very nice and tried to keep things fun.
Really great prof! For REL-131, he grades on improvement, so if you do badly on one test, if you improve your study skills and do well on the next test, he will curve in favor of the good test grade! I highly recommend this class.
Attending his lectures is not enough to do well on the exams, so you must read the assigned chapters from the textbook as well. Also, watch his Econ Minutes as soon as they are released because they're time-sensitive, and you'll miss out on easy points on the exams if you forget. Overall, he's a funny professor but a tough grader.
Childress was an awesome professor! His class was a ton of reading and covered some difficult concepts, but he did his best to make it easy.
Excellent teacher. She is one of the few that actually makes people learn.If you cannot devote 2 hrs of studying for every 1 hr in her class then you will end up with a C or lower. Day1,you don't know any Latin. Day2, you are on Chapter 2 already. Day3=100pnt quiz,50 vocab words and 3 conjugations
prof amer is a hard, but fair teacher
I have taken all 3 of his classes. I would highly recommend taking his finance history class and finance simulation, but I don't recommend taking FINA 3001 with him. He makes sure the median is set at a B+ and he tries not to give a student less than a B-. He can a bit disorganized, but he's really nice and tries to make up for it.
LOVE HER! Take this class! It is really fun and makes you want to participate and write
Dr. Hair's lectures are effective in the sense that she's experienced so much of what's covered in her own life. If you come to class most of the time and do all the assignments, I find it nearly impossible to get below a B+ or so. Difficulty aside, Dr. Hair will go to any length to help you with anything related to the class. Great teacher!
Prof is clear,concise,understanding & interesting. Learned a LOT in this class
Shearer specializes in Soviet and twentieth-century European history so when you get to the later part of the class he gets more in depth with the info but is very knowledgeable on everything. Only three grades are 3 essay's usually 7-8 pages but its not as bad as it sounds. As long as you read the text book and show up to class you'll do fine.
Nice teacher but grades hard in this class. Lots of information and on essays expects you to understand the readings which is very hard to do.
Professor Lotz is an amazing professor. She goes out of her way to help every student, and will look at your papers over and over to help you as best she can. She gives great advice, and marks up your papers so you know what to fix. She is awesome and super nice!!!
I took him during Spring semester, and it's a lot of work, especially as an SWS class. Montagna is super friendly, though, and discussions are actually interesting in his classes. The readings are short (the book is only about 200 pages), and he grades very fairly on papers. He also lets you do rewrites.
nice & caring, visit his office, ask for ex help, you'll do fine
This woman is an icon. She came in stunting every morning with outfits that said "just off the jet from Europe". On the teaching side she is very funny and can be pretty entertaining, but definitely pay attention and take notes. If you can I would recommend choosing a lab time towards the end of the week so she covers the material before.
I loved this guy, probably one of the best profs ive ever had. yeah its not an easy class, he definetly puts up a challenge and you learn so much. and hes very helpful about it too! definetly recommend him, hes a funny guy and makes class interesting.
Don't get the book. Go to class so you don't miss pop quizzes-but not mandatory. Go to TA review sessions. Material seems hard at first, but you'll eventually realize that it's easier than it appears. Large curves on exams gave me at least 100%; mostly problem set questions. Problem set reviews set you up for an A. I hate econ and received an A.
A little monotoned...stole Mr.Roger's sweaters, but easy class, very straightforward. I had him in winter, so lectures long (fell asleep several times). Would recommend to those you have to take this class. Plus, he's not bad to look at.
Good professor, tests are tricky...read the book closely.
He's very cool. Exams are somewhat challenging. I recommend him.
This class isn't bad. Simply show up to lecture, take notes, and study for the two exams and one final. I bought both books recommended by her, but I only ever used them once or twice. It's a huge lecture, but she's a focused lady, and she's fairly entertaining. Easy class for me.
He was very interesting. Tests were extremely easy. I never used the book.
Mrs. Chesla was a good teacher. I should have studied more though. Math for Elementary isn't an easy class, but if you're willing to put forth the effort you make it. Just remember, a profession like teaching isn't going to be easy, so don't expect the classes that prepare you for such a field to be easy! Teaching must come from the heart!
yeah.. this is a hard class.. and if you think she sucks then go back to community college because she expects you to work. she wants you to know your stuff because as a business major it will be useful. i had to work hard in this class and study a lot but im happy i took it because i learned a lot. shes a very good teacher.
He's really awesome. He lectures all the time, but is willing to hear what you have to say. Tests are essay straight from the notes. Readings pretty much unncessary. I've heard the man sing in class and I think that makes the class worth it
Great Teacher he is very outgoing. He dedicates his life to teaching always has test and quizzes graded the next day or the day of and on exams he posts your current grade in the class. Also he tells you everything you need to study in order to get an A it just takes hard work.
He is a great teacher when it comes to the person he is. Tells alot of great and funny stories. It is basically a class teaching you life lessons. There is a 12 page in depth research paper and a group presentation and paper. Every week there is a 1.5 page journal due and chapter questions. Great teacher though
Arch knows his stuff, and expects his students to put in the work to figure things out, but has a sense of humor. He cares about following specs. If you genuinely need help he'll always explain things and help you understand. 350 is a good class for demystifying how a computer works from the ground up. Pity he's retiring, he'd be hard to replace.
Teaches very well. Don't buy the book. Pay attention to the details of the methods. Ask him about light houses.
This was an awesome teacher. He wasn't there to amuse you, or anything. He got right to the point. He used related stories to get to the point. If you did the review, bam! You did awesome on the exam.
Surprised to read some of these bad reviews. I took his online class, and enjoyed it. The two journal reviews take time, but I thought he graded fair. Two quizzes a week, but they are not difficult if you have your book beside you. He likes a lot of detail in the discussions, but the topics were all interesting. Didn't think it was too much work.
He's a chill dude. He grades somewhat harshly, but getting the grade you want is very doable if you put in at least a little effort. His handwriting is borderline illegible, but the notes he writes on the board aren't very important anyway. If you ask for an extension on an assignment he will almost always give it to you.
Amazing teacher! He expects a lot from his students but he lets you rewrite the first few papers and lets you conference with him to make sure you're on the right track. He doesn't have a strict lesson plan, just lets students discuss and debate in class. He's crazy but it makes for an interesting and fun class. Highly recommend taking him!
I really liked him, hes really sweet and old man cute. I never went to class, just showed up for the test and managed to get an A and I am HORRIBLE at math. Its not really easy- but if you put in a little effort its not that bad.
GO TO CLASS OR HE DROPS YOU 2 WHOLE LETTER GRADES. Prof. D is the most socially awkward professor ever. He tends to repeat himself, but all in all, he's a solid choice. Caring guy loves stats
He's really a great guy and he want you to understand, but he tells you in the begining you have to do your homework in order to understand his lectures. On average he give about an hour or two worth of homework and he goes over any question you the following class. He move fast in his lectures, so do blink! I enjoy his class.
By far, the best professor I have ever had. I'll take another class with her in a heartbeat.
its a dumb stupid class, but the best of the packages to take
Great professor. Class is interesting. Must have internet access at home for the class-or you will forever be in a computer lab. Internet software is used for about 80% of class. Several offline lessons. If you keep up with your work, you will have no problem with class. Graphing Calculator is needed.
Lectures don't include enough examples to properly do the homework but the required hours in the Math Den can fill in those blanks. Overall a good teacher who is straightforward and fair. Make use of the den and you'll be fine.
Very unique personality. Challenging class that you have to EARN your grade in. An A doesn't come easy in his class and I think that's a good thing (most of the time.)
Probably the best Calculus II teacher at UMBC. Sometimes she goes through her lectures too fast without thoroughly explaining things and you just get lost, but if you do well in her class, you will be very good at Calculus II in general. Sometimes took off points for stupid things, though, like writing "3 + 1/4" instead of "3 1/4".
This was by far the most difficult class I have ever taken. However, I have also never learned as much in one semester. Although Bob is tough, he is extremely knowledgeable in accounting and loves to teach. Just come to class prepared, participate, and you will be on his good side.
For an introductory course this is a pretty hard class. She's very nice and helpful but the material is just so boring. You definitely have to work for an A or B and tests are very tricky.
This class is pretty easy. 3 tests that aren't too hard. She is cool and knows a lot about the music. There is one 3 page paper that is not too bad and you get to pick the topic. No textbook and no need to take notes, just pay attention. She does take attendance but its not bad going to class and listening to music.
He was my chair for my MA, very tough grader, but fair, he taught me a lot, and he is very funny if you get his dry humor...
Very animated, and makes the already interesting material of Abnormal Psychology even more interesting. Read the book. Tests are multiple choice with one essay. Offers extra credit opportunities.
A really caring and wonderful prof, but he's wayyy too intelligent to be teaching a general chemistry class! Sometimes he goes on tangents about complex concepts. I did have to teach myself using OWL on occasion. Nonetheless, he still is a great teacher and explains concepts well. He just gets ahead of himself. I liked him a lot.
Class was fine. I did have to teach myself most of the material but I've had to in every science class I've ever taken at UMass. The exams are pyramid style (which is awesome) and his grading scale is 90+ is an A. I thought this class was a lot of fun and interesting. Form a solid group of friends to study with and take exam with and should be good
He's amazing, and he definately wants you to be mini versions of himself. Although he may seem tough, the material isn't that hard. Just make sure you always ask him what he's looking for. Doesn't go by the book, but make sure you read it. Teaches it like his 121H. Bonus: not so bad to look at. Just do the work (OWLS PRS ETC) and you will get an A!
Class was fairly challenging, but he was an excellent teacher and really showed interest in wanting us to learn.Also,one of the only science profs I have had that hand-graded all of our exams w/ comments, etc. even though it was a big lecture.
One of the best profs at Waterloo. Extremely dedicated to his work and overall an inspirational guy. Tests are tough, but getting an A is possible. Class is mandatory for passing! there are no slides to go off of, so make friends in class for notes!
Absolutely fabulous! He is one of the few great TEACHERS i have yet to encounter. His tests were difficult but not unfair. Very memorable lectures...he tries very hard to get his students to understand the material presented on many different levels
He makes class amusing and very interesting, but his tests are difficult to study for.
He's a really cool and easy teacher. He responds to his emails almost immediately. Grades reasonably. Recommended.
The best lecture style of any professor. Lecture notes are a little out of date and there's a lot of material but he provides simple study questions - use them and this class will be easy. Final exam wasn't very comprehensive, but in another class it was. Great professor, you can learn a lot in his classes.
Easy class!! You don't use the textbook once, so don't buy it. It's all his notes. Class is mandatory & that is the only downfall. You must go to class for notes because he leaves them blank for you to fill in & also takes attendance w/ clickers every class session. Tests are easy although he likes to put in trick questions so know small details!
Lectures are long, but interesting. Make sure you're willing to participate or dont take the class
Great Professor is an understatement. Sometimes you may think he's going off topic, but he brings everything together and it will help for the midterm/final. He knows his material and is very passionate about the subject.
He is very good professor, you just need to study for him, not really hard studying, just a little bit.
Dry, boring lectures. Just copy what she has posted on the power points. Gives study guides a week prior to the exam, study that and you'll do fine. Attendance is not mandatory. Overall, good professor.
Very intelligent teacher if you really listen. Pretty easy class but extremely boring. If the class is late at night you will fall asleep but the work is pretty easy. Don't really have to do the reading.
I didn't read much after the first test. All the questions come from the end of the chapter. SI is VERY helpful.
This guy is the funniest guy I know. His lectures are always hilarious, whether he means them to be or not. He has little quirks and funny sayings that makes lecture interesting, and he is very intelligent and knowledgable.
Easy way to make an A is to not attend the class and do the study guide through the book.
Lectures are on Tegrity and textbooks are not needed. It doesn't hurt to go to lectures though- I took his class my 1st semester and now I am a junior and he is still one of the best professors I've had at lecturing. Very easy to understand. Get familiar with formula packets and do the sample exams. Easy A for me (a journalism major).
He is VERY good in lecture. He uses a lot of helpful examples, and he's really clear and structured. It definitely seems that he's got everything together. He likes to be tricky on tests though. So you would have to take your time and double check the questions before moving on. He also has very limited b.s. tolerance.
She is a good teacher. Her clarity in explaining math, which I never really latched on to, is amazing. I actually enjoyed math with her as the teacher. TAKE HER!!
Very intelligent and knowledgeable about subject. Lots of reading but the reading certainly helps in writing the essays which are very thought provoking. Nice professor and is willing to help.
Took the online section. Kinda felt shafted for the money I paid for the class at first, but I actually learned a lot in an easy class.
Professor Lev is nice and has a lot of knowledge about film but can be boring. I took him for 'Cleopatra', an honors seminar, which was really boring but his film classes are probably not as bad. Tests were all essay and could use notes. Attendance is mandatory.
take the paper seriously!! thats all i can say, don't wait till the last minute, you'll be disapointed because he is a hard grader. other than that he's goofy and funny, down to earth.
She seems like a hard teacher at first, but exams are easy and short. The maps are easy. However, she grades hard on the essays. Take them to the writing lab the first time. There is alot of reading in 200 level courses. She is very passionate about subject. Overall, I would take her again.
I took over 60 some pages of notes (on a computer) so there is definitely a lot of info. The midterm and final were not too difficult in my opinion because our CA helped us prepare. She is critical of your writing so you can't BS. Provides oppurtunity for bonus.
Cool class; Wardwell can be tough, but its all good stuff, and he is an amazing lecturer - never dull, always full of insight and involves the class.
attentive to those who are engaged and clearly reading the assigned material, not to those who are not. you have to read in his classes.
Very good professor, moves very fast. She's French, so you've gotta deal with that. Overall the course wasn't too hard, if you work you'll get an A or B.
good teacher but not an easy one.got a B in his class
he's such a sweet man, but the class can be a little boring, especially at 7:35am! he cares a lot about the subject and is willing to help. 3 tests-nothing is cumulative; tests aren't too bad, and he sends reviews for all the chapters which are VERY helpful! For tests, must write a small essay on a bio article, but don't worry, it's not bad at all!
Great teacher. Get into one of his classes now.
Steinson literally loves what she does and is always willing to help out with papers/tests. I submitted my rough drafts to her multiple times and she always sent them back with comments on the paper. You need to do the reading because her lectures are really unorganized, and she is a pretty picky grader, but go in and see her and she'll like you.
Took the online class, very easy. Just watch the lectures (you DON'T need the book...i never opened mine once) and do the homework assignments.
Took this last fall. Don't get the textbook, you won't need it if you go to every class and pay 100% attention. Write down EVERYTHING. The cellphone thrown at the wall is staged but don't let yours go off. Tests are hard and obscure and he usually asks the types of questions you don't think will appear so study EVERYTHING.
He is funny, inspirational, very good at explaining things, and his lecture notes are super clean. On the flip side, he is extremely condescending. I'm not usually afraid to ask questions in class but I'm too scared to even open my mouth in his lectures. If you have questions, always consult the textbook or your peers first.
no homework, no online code needed. I got a B because I stopped going to class after the first midterm. I believe it you go to every class, you sure will get an A.
Professor Tracey is a delight! He gives midterm and final questions away as well as hints, so go to class!! Midterms were easy but the final was pretty tough. Don't waste your time reading entire chapters for the final, just skim over it (mainly the graphs) and go over the lecture notes thoroughly and you'll do fine. I learned this the hard way.
Tracey is honestly one of the best profs i have had for econ 203. This is the first time I've ever had him, and yes he condenses the material pretty briefly. For the final I studied Tracey's notes, the slides from the textbook website, and the econ study guide to the textbook. His final I felt was fair if you study, you will get a good mark.
Easy assignments and midterm. Final was unexpectedly kind of hard. He's a pretty cool guy, but can sometimes be a jerk and has random pissy attacks at the class. Can never tell when he's actually mad. He also completely oversimplifies everything and gives you the bare minimum information that you need to know. Good or bad? I dunno.
I had him last semester and really liked him but this time around I felt as though he made it more confusing than it was. I had to use the textbook to understand his notes especially near the end of the semester. He is really funny though and tries to be helpful.
A pretty good prof. He explains material well and you always have enough time to write things down that he puts on the board. His assignments and midterm are extremely easy, watch out for the final though, that is where he gets people. He also has a hard mark scale. If you get 86% you only end up with a B+, boo-urns to that. Still one of the best.
He was really funny and kept class entertaining. However, his tests are hard. He does say things over again so people can absorb it.
I have had the pleasure of taking more classes with Tracy then you can count on one hand. Yes, he does move slow but it is only to make sure that everyone understands the concepts. He is by far the fairest prof I have ever had. I do think that he watches too much reality TV though.
He is definitely old fashioned; no hats or electronics. I liked Dr. Barrett as a person, but half of the time I didn't know what was going on. You have to pay attention in class, because you have a quiz at the beginning of every class. I did pretty well on the first two tests, but the last one was really hard for me.
Dr. Barrett is old school, so you don't have quizzes and such online. He will answer your questions when you ask. The class sizes are large but he posts notes on blackboard so you can have them for class. He often starts off with a couple of fun articles or graphs and then a quiz. Pay attention and study, and you should be fine.
Barrett is the BEST professor I've ever had. Statistics is a hard class, the material is difficult but he goes above and beyond in explaining the material and makes sure you have every opportunity to understand the topics. Gives quizzes to boost averages and provides sample tests and examples. He's hilarious and loves his job. highly recommend!
Takes a very "preacher-esque approach to teaching stats. Very good teacher who loves his job, and stats in general. If you struggle with math or stats take him he will fix that. WILL get off topic about once per class, but the rants are usually entertaining! If you are a a bit of a liberal, he will rub you the wrong way, but welcome to Alabama.
Dr. Barrett is a wonderful teacher, he makes everything very easy to understand. He gives quizzes almost everyday and sometimes you get all points on a quiz just for attending class. He is optionated but in a passionate way. Barrett is very intellectual and very good to listen to. Would recomend greatly
I was really hesitant about the class at first because he structures his class as a giant group project, which usually I can not stand but Moore is a great professor who really makes it work! He's an easy grader who respects the fact that a lot of people are just fulfilling a core req. Participation does matter but I'd happily take it again!
Great guy!! Very interested in helping you understand the material. Haard of hearing, so you do need to speak up, but he will review anything you ask. Notes are everything!! Many say he needs to retire, but he knows what he's talking about & is sharp (no fooling him!) Will give all the help you need - in class and during office hours. LOVE him!!
HE'S THE MAN!!! HE USED TO WORK IN THE PITS OF THE NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE. PROBABLY WHY HE CAN'T HEAR SO WELL. DON'T TAKE INVESTMENTS WITH ANYONE ELSE.
Great professor! DO THE READING. It's not a ton of reading, but that's all he discusses in class. The only assignments are papers. The papers are easy and are 100% opiniated. No research whatsoever.
Professor Johnson is a great Child Psych Professor because she is so passionate about the subject. She is knowledgeable about studies and research conducted on all different ideas in the field, and welcomes discussion about relevant topics in class. Her assessments are pretty easy and there are plenty of opportunities for extra credit.
She is so sweet!!! Only about five exams, two of mine were online but that was just how it worked out. Study for exams and you will pass. Lectures are kind of boring but you make the best of it. Two projects, very simple and you have options. I would take her again!
I took her for Developmental. She is the nicest woman, hands down, ever. She never frowns, and is the sweetest woman you'll ever meet. Her class is hard, though. She formats her quizzes difficultly, and her powerpoints don't teach as much as they should. If you take her, read the textbook, that's how you'll pass. Her quizzes are very hard.
She is a super nice woman. I wasn't really crazy about this intro class, I'm sure her other classes are way better. The tests weren't that bad but she asks questions regarding chapter titles and sub-titles. (not relevant in my mind) BUT she is a really sweet and smart professor!!!
Very easy going guy. He's super smart and funny. When he cracks up at his jokes, it makes me bust out laughing :) Study the notes before looking at the old tests....this is vital. Don't try to take all the old tests and then expect to know the info. If you study a few pages at a time and then answer as many questions on the old tests you'll do good
Prof. Du Bois has really interesting lectures, but because she doesn't use slides they are hard to follow at certain points. There is a lot of material to be familiar with (as with any mmw) and at times what she wants isn't always super clear. She's super passionate about what she teaches and loves if you ask questions and engage with her.
funny prof and will keep your attention. 4 question quizzes weekly and 8 question final. all m/c. fairly easy class. just study past exams and you'll do fine.
His exams are graded tough (occasional partial credit), but are very fair. If you go to lecture with the ppt slides downloaded/printed out and do HW/practice problems to fill in gaps in your knowledge, you will pass. Also, write down ALL the reactions on the cheat sheet. I did average on my first midterm, but doing that for my second got me an 100.
Hoeger is an awesome professor. He seems unapproachable, but he definitely knows his material and how to teach it to students efficiently, both in a lecture and office hour setting. His class isn't easy, and time commitment play a HUGE role in your understanding of the material. It's no easy class, but what's learned definitely stays for awhile.
Dr. Hoeger is a tremendous lecturer who has obviously been teaching chemistry for years. He is clear and thorough during lecture and has realistic expectations for us on the exams. Has iClicker attendance and performance questions and utilizes ARIS. Class is difficult though as exam averages were around 55% always, but he does curve at the end
At first, his class came off as really hard. However, I came to realize it really helped me, not only in Chemistry, but also for college in general and just learning how to be an independent student. Do the homework problems he recommends and take good notes in class and read the book if you need to. Go to office hours for lab!!
Dr. Hoeger is a pretty good professor. He is pretty approachable despite that some think that he makes his students feel dumb. His class can get hard and the exams [especially the final] are too, but you just gotta study hard and go to review session when you can [curve helps too] If you've been exposed to Chemistry and did well you should be fine.
Professor Hoeger enjoys teaching, which makes the class fun. I entered the class without no chemistroy background, and find his class was rather difficult. However, his teaching styles is one of the best in UCSD. I am definitely going to take his class for chem 6A in WI08.
I think he was a great teacher, very clear and funny. I liked how i could IM him and get answers in an instant. it was very helpful. He tried to joke around and it was pretty funny.
Great teacher, hard class.
best proffesor ever. I got a C because it is a difficult class, but that's based on your writing skills. Lecture is fun, engaging, and interesting. I loved going to class because he made everything fun. Definitly take this professor. He's like the super cool grandpa you never had.
I had him for stylistics and grammar. He was definately a tough grader-one of the toughest I've had at UCSD, but I learned a ton, and he kept lectures interesting and engaging.
I took him for history of economic thought. He's really not that tough, at least for that class. He gave three exams, and the final is cumulative. Everthing (seriously EVERYTHING) came out of the class handouts that he lectured from. Study those notes and you'll be fine, unless you're not a good test taker. If that's the case, you should avoid.
Sure his tests are a little difficult, but so is college. What do you expect? Professor Pomykala was my favorite professor at Towson. He knows what he is talking about, so listen to what he says. Attendance isn't mandatory, but I highly recommend going to every class. You will definitely leave with a greater understanding of Economics.
what a chill professor. he doesnt care if you come to his class or not...he has a website that has all the prior exams from like 10 years back and most of the questions from his tests are simular from the prior tests...as long as you dont mind a professor that curses you will be fine
Great prof, extremely knowledgeable about sales. Fun class, study terms in book and power point and you will do fine. Def take him for MKT 356!
He is what CS is all about, a great teacher, good notes, hard tests
Tish was awesome. I had her for 110 and 122. I hated math before her classes, but now I don't mind it at all. She is a tough grader, but that helps you in the long run. She's super funny and nice, and I am sad this is her last semester. Overall, I would recommend her to everyone if she was going to be here another semester. Thanks Tish! :)
Great teacher, east tests
Her classes aren't easy, but she's extremely knowledgable and worth the work.
Nice, fairly easy, just show up and take good notes
Tony is one of the best profs at GVSU, in History or anything else. He takes an interesting(for a change) perspective on things, and you can pick your own subject for the paper. What more could you ask for?
I was never good at writing papers, even in a college prep high school. She really made it a point to help me, and make my papers and quizzes the best they could be. She is a little weird at first, but you realize that it is all part of how great she is. GET THIS PROFESSOR IF YOU CAN!!!
She is so helpful during office hours but make sure you put in an honest effort and know what questions you want to ask. Also get a study group together because it is very helpful. Do the "homework". She is a fair person and while can sometimes make you feel bad, you just improve from her criticisms.
He is an awesome teacher. Alchon is intelligent and passionate about what he teaches. TAKE HIM. you'll learn a lot and it's not that bad of a class, even though it can get boring sometimes-- he's worth it! I'm taking him next semester
Rogers isn't an easy A professor, but she isn't a stressful prof either. The clicker quizzes are every day and make up 1/5th of your grade, and they're usually easy. She does them every day, twice a class, and you only need 30, so you don't have to go every day. Exam Qs straight from lect, but she posts them online. She's an easy B prof.
Dr. Malaret is an amazing professor. He really cares about his students as people. He expects you to take charge of your own education, which is what college is about.
He definitely made learning the subject bearable, if not slightly interesting to me. He's a great guy and definitely cares about his students and their success. Also, as someone who is not an ECON major, I think he did a great job presenting the material in a way I could understand. I did have to re-teach myself a lot before the exams though.
A little stern but needs to be. Professor Bhattacharjee is one of the best at state. His lectures are pre recorded and has an amazing website to use for homework and exams. Gives so much time on exams. This class is extremley doable and he is ahead of the game during a pandemic by having everything pre recorded and ready! Take him.
He is a best professor that I have ever seen. He hates cheating. If he knows that you work hard on his class, he will help to move your grade up
He knows so much more than what he can fit into the class periods. He was engaging and interesting. READ the materials. He doesn't demand a lot, so it is completely do-able. It's less "world" literature and more post-colonial, but still very interesting! Visit him out of class. He's great!
Very easy professor. Exams are easy. Take him.
Professor Clark was helpful even though lectures were a bit dry. He gives a good background to the work he is covering and helps you understand the history of the time. Worth going to lecture for sure! He is a very knowledgeable instructor.
Clark talks more about the historical aspect of Huckleberry Finn, Rowlandson, and Crevecour. He's not a bad lecturer but he's not outstanding either.
Loved Terry. He was really interesting to listen to and was very passionate about what he teaches. He really focuses on how the whole class is handling topics so he can adapt it to the class. Tests were easy if you study and asked questions during office hours. He really wants to see all students succeed.
Just one of the many reasons TU known for having Maryland's top teaching...great conservative mind
Had her back in 2000. She allowed us to use our textbooks when taking tests, which rocked, because I never had to study. She is a good lecturer, and is overall a nice lady!
more Assumption professors need to be like Mr. Brusard. His class is fair, and he teaches material slowly and clearly. He is always willing to meet with students on his own time and gets to know students on a one to one basis. His class is fair and he's friendly, this is actually a worthwhile class which is hard to come by on this campus
Cruz is old school. He is not one of the professors who give you your degree on a plate. Be prepared to think with reality, not just theoretically. He will push you to achieve beyond what you think you can but you will be better for it. He does not hate Americans, he just doesn't fawn over them. Respect is earned, not a given. Push yourself.
There was never a boring or dull moment. He's very random, and keeps your mind engaged. Goes off into random stories, but always about A&P, so you have another association with the subject. He and I would playfully fight about cats. He's willing to teach if you're willing to learn.
Engaging lecturer. But, READ THE BOOK! This cannot be stressed enough. I learned this after the second midterm and was headed for a C- but read the book and ended the semester with a B+. If you just try to study lecture, you will fail. His tests pull out minute details from both book and lecture. Enjoyable class, just prepare to work for the A.
I found Haj-Mohamadi to be a little eccentric (He IS a Ph.D mathematician from a totally different culture!). This eccentricity did not have any effect on his overall good nature or his ability to teach though. If you REALLY want to learn, he will go to extraordinary lengths to help. I am terrible with math, but Dr. H put in extra time with me and
I think I turned one paper in on time, and I got A's on all of them. There are a bunch of writing assignments, but nothing you couldn't do in one night. He's very leniant.
Dr. Rayor can come off as mean at first, and while she's certainly tough, I really think she's a good professor. She makes you work hard, but she's fair and wants you to learn. Go to her if you need help and she'll give it. Her lectures are great and her passion for the subject is amazing. Ask her about her poetry translations!
Had a few of Marty's classes between 98 and 03. He expects quality work, but Is fair. Easily one of the best teachers I've ever had. Marty knows his**** and delivers it in an engaging (usually humorous) way. Take his classes if you have a chance... Especially "Culture and the Haulocaust" if they still offer that.
I can't remember what the exact name of the calss was. It was race/gender science, or something like that. But anyway, she is awesome! I wasn't interested in the subect at all, but she made it interesting. She is soooo helpful if you go to her office, and a really cool person.
very fun teacher. makes topics very interesting. very anal about thesis but overall grades fairly easy. approachable after class but rarely responds back to emails. 2 short papers and 1 final research paper. if you are going to take engl110 i reccomend taking it with panda.
great teacher, learned alot
He was awesome! One of the best and most understanding instructors I've ever had. Although I only had him online, he is truelly very into what he does and it shows. He gives good feedback and is also willing to work with you if you directly communicate with him. His responses always seemed to be heart felt and he responded in a timely manner.
She is not the most interesting lecturer, but her classes are easy to follow and the information isn't difficult to understand. The tests are pretty easy if you look at the study guide.
Knows his stuff. Lots of [dry] movies. Multiple Guess Tests.
man, this guy sucks at giving partial credit!! Teaches good, good methods that aren't from the book. Knows his material. I just hate his partial credit. He is against that.
He is a better professor than others would indicate. He cares about students and wants to make a positive impact in their lives. I only have two issues: there is too much homework and studying for a 0-credit class and the concepts may (only sometimes) be a bit simplistic and specific only to certain situations. Overall, he is a good professor.
Definitely suggest taking him. Interesting readings, great lectures, funny guy. He can be a bit of a tough grader on papers, but it will only make you better, and he's totally willing to work with you. Great class, awesome professor!
Johnson is really intelligent and interesting. I really enjoyed this class even though, i'm usually more of a science person. TAKE HIM! He really isn't that bad. The only reason I got a very high B is because I screwed up the midterm b/c of mono. One of the best profs at JMU i've had so far.
By far the best non-engineering class I've taken at the University. Very tough, but you'll learn boatloads.
makes you buy a textbook he wrote but it is useful for his exams. he is well organized and everything you need to know is given to you. problem sets are a little tough but they help your grade so take them seriously. do the borderline insurance and read the textbook, it will help a lot!!
Dr. Link is a really nice guy but teaches a really boring class. He does what he can to make it interesting, he does care about his students. Pretty easy tests, the modules will teach you everything. Homework about 1-2 times a week. You have to attend class because he takes attendance manually on top of clicker questions.
He assigned a lot of papers, most of which based on books we read and a research paper, but I had no problem with this. My major is to write about history, so I can't complain about that. He was insanely flexible with due dates and pushed back tests and papers a couple times. I accidentally submitted my final late, but he was very understanding.
Duff is a fantastic professor. He personality that keeps class interesting. He doesn't like to use technology, so get ready to take notes during his lectures. Don't worry, he keeps them interesting. His assignments were very helpful in learning the material. The tests were hard and he gave a pretty vague study guide, but you can still do well.
Rachana's a very special, memorable prof. She took a personal interest in me and helped me to find my passion for teaching and language. She does miss a lot of classes, but she has a very active scholarly career, and she coordinates a Shakespeare conference. She opens minds.
She really knows her stuff & is passionate about marketing. Very tough class, but you leave with a great understanding of the subject.
Very difficult class, however Brewer taught the very simply. The problems he did every day showed up on the 3 tests. Come to class, take notes and go to to his office and you get a good grade
you all just have to know her im her neice and she is a good teacher she really does care for all of her students granted that she can have her bad days but other wise shes a great teacher
Very nice guy. His opinions are out there sometimes, but he's funny and he's nice. I wish we'd read more material relevant to Liberal Studies instead of just material relevant to his beliefs, but oh well. He cares a lot about his students.
She is a difficult professor, but I felt like I actually learned something and earned the B that I got.
I really like the structure of the class, even though her lectures are not organized. If you listen and take as many notes as possible you will get something from it. She allowed us to chose from 3 different topics each time a paper was due. Good overall!
Corey is an amazng prof and cares about his students. You cannot not laugh in his class. The material is pretty complicated but he can clarify it in a way that even the slowest person can understand.
This class is definitely difficult, but professor Zeman makes it easier to understand. There are blackboard quizzes and 4 exams. There are extra worksheets given out for extra credit, along with doing mastering biology. Overall, its not this professor that makes this class hard, its you if you do not try hard enough and do not come to class.
After reading Prof. Zeman's ratings I was apprehensive to have her. However, you will not regret taking her! She is amazing: her lectures are very interesting/informative, she gives extra credit and attendance free points, and is very helpful to students. You don't have to use the book but it is good for additional help. I 3 JANEL
I dont think the other reviews about Matthews 355 class are fair. She makes the pwps more interesting by including exs. and if you pay attention and take notes you'll have everything you need to be successful on quizzes an exams. You need to study, but its an upper level bio class, if you go into a genetics class thinking its an easy A you're wrong
I loved having Professor Matthews. She is a tough professor that expects a lot on homework, quizzes, and exams, but her class was never dull! Very helpful and responds to emails promptly. This is by no means an easy class, but you will leave knowing a lot about genetics which has helped me breeze through some of my other classes like micro!
She has funny stories and is very helpful. Her tests are pretty tough but it's really interesting material and you just have to study and read to do well. People complain about her because they expected it to be as easy as BIO 120. Quit complaining and take her, she's great.
She is a SUPER nice lady and will do anything to talk/help you. The class is REALLLLLY hard. She is a funny lady and can explain anything but her lectures and her quizes/exams are totally different. No matter how hard you try to study or do well it will not help wehn it comes down to it.
I think he's retiring but I wish he wouldn't. Homework is minimal, quizzes are 5 questions and you can take them as many times as you want to get full credit. His tests can be kind of tricky but if you're in class and you study the quizzes you'll do just fine. Very knowledgeable and adds humor to his lectures to keep you interested. Great guy.
Professor Matchett was a great teacher but you have to understand the material very well before taking tests or quizzes. He truly cares how well you do and wants you to succeed but you do have to work hard. Definately know the theories before going into the tests!
Makes you work but it is worth the time. Class goes by fast and she is very funny. When she makes a mistake she talks about it with the class. She is different but in a cool way not a weird way. Will take her again. Learned lots.
once i figured how his tests worked, i liked both bob and his class better. he's funny, knows his stuff, and keeps his notes in outline form. don't bother buying the book cuz you won't need it. i would so take another psych class w/ bob if i could.
Great teacher. Class was always interesting. Attendance is not mandatory but very important because all exam questions come directly from lecture. I would definitely recommend taking him.
This class was hard but you can pass it. Do not buy the book, you do not need it unless you need to clarify topics. Take brief notes instead of word to word and then go bacn and rewrite your notes in detail. Trust me, this works much better. Some of the lectures are boring but he is very helpful.
Excellent teacher with great credentials. Few teachers will engage you in such a thought-provoking discussion. Read along and you'll do fine as a student. Challenge him, and you'll win him over as a philosopher.
If you are going to take Philosophy, take Doc Z!
Mark is the coolest bio prof at GV, he is loads of fun, but likes to make sure you learn the material, very easy to talk to.
LOVED this teacher. He is older so he has stories he likes to tell but he explains the math in such an easy way you don't struggle! NO book needed, it's online. Tests are open book/notes, quizzes can be worked in groups. Easy class but you also learn. I love math now because of this prof!
This professor is not as bad as he seems. He can be intimidating but he really wants his students to succeed. All tests are take home except for the final. I bombed the final and still got a C so I can't complain since Math is my weakest subject. He isn't hard to understand either, although he has an accent. I would recommend him.
Her bark is worse than her bite. She scared the crap out of me at the beginning out of the class, but she's not bad at all - she's actually quite funny. Just be respectful and participate in class. I hope to have her again.
The guy really is a good prof. I'm terrible at math and left with a decent understanding of stats and SAS. Expect some work, but he grades fair, and the exams aren't too bad. Spend some time to make your assignments look good- it can get you extra credit. His accent is not bad. He's occasionally pretty funny.
he is a decent lab prof, nuts about safety, not very available for help though.
Funny! Knows how to lighten up a hard class. Likes to have fun, but knows his stuff and can expect a lot from his students. I would recommend him to anyone who isn't afraid of a little work, it's worth it!
Hey, all you people giving him bad scores... suck it up man. he's tough but he tries to be. the homework is pointless but its an easy A if you do it so just do it, your in college, act like it. lol, he is an a$$ but its funny.
Funny lady! A true professional. Wants you to do well. Is willing to take the time to help students and truly cares about their well being.Very passionate about what she does but still makes the class fun.Great prof!!
Great Prof! Loads of fun, VERY helpful...makes you want to come to class
A pretty good teacher. He does lots of examples which really help, especially with the homework. Easy to understand and is really good at discussing general concepts and helping apply them to specific problems. I was worried at the beginning of the year about the no calculator rule, but the tests are set so that you don't need one. Good prof!
Good teacher, exams are tough
John's enthusiastic, knows his stuff, concerned with learning,best prof I've had
Good Teacher, teaches the material repeatedly so you understand it. Quizzes are just like the hw, so DO THE HW and you'll do fine. Midterm he's throws you off a little, but study and pay attention and you will do fine. Visit his office hours, and work early on the maple project!! Good prof!. Dressing style rocks! Def bring bubbles to class :)
She is a lot better professor than people say. She will give you help anytime.
Prof. Whit is a nice and funny guy--he has good stories and is a good teacher!
The best teacher I have had at Western by far, loves giving to her classes, not just advice, but donuts and suckers and**** like that too. She is really fun and even if you are shy and dont talk much, you will feel so comfortable in her class!!
Very nice, boring class if you aren't into ANT, those books suck, bring pillow..
Acc 310 is a very hard class and Danko knows that as she gives you many handouts to help with the content. This class is light on homework but in order to good on exams you need to study and practice a lot otherwise this class is impossible
Gives good feedback. You really have to read up on the syllabus or you will fall behind on the essays. Professor White is one of the most lenient teachers on campus and she is really dedicated to her students. Just show the effort and drive and shell be willing to help out in anyway she can.
She's a very good professor, very clear and funny. This was a pretty easy class, three exams and three quizzes. She's not that tough of a grader if you study your notes and read the pages she wants you to read. The material can be boring but she tries to make it more amusing. Overall, I would absolutely take her again, good class.
Dr. Hunt is the BEST professor I've had so far! She gives hard tests, but you'll do fine if you look through your notes and study!She will do anything in her power to make you understand the material. The one professor that is there for YOU not herself!
makes the class fun. not too hard, just be prepared for work outside of class.
Most hilarious professor I've ever taken!!! And the class super easy. Tests weren't too difficult and they were completely open noteopen book and the projects were practically given to you.
Go to class and actively pay attention and take notes. Lots of conceptual questions. When he repeats himself over and over- take note even if he sounds funny. Write down everything he says and study it. I got an A- without the book but he actively uses it during class.
Great professor. Knowledgeable, helpful, and very funny. Strict on attendance, like most history profs. Takes papers seriously, and a thoughtful critical grader. Expects student participation. You'll work hard, but he's well worth the effort
great teacher and very nice! take her if you can!
She is hilarious and knowledgeable about the subject. My only complaint was that it was too easy because there was no real challenge, just a lot of insightful tips for communicating in the professional world. She has a great personality and I suggest taking her.
Being a heterosexual individual in a class full of mostly homosexuals, I learned a lot about a homosexual lifestyle. This class did not make me feel uncomfortable, but informed me on issues related to the topic. I really enjoyed this class. It is a great class for future educators or people who are interested in a understanding LGBT
Milt Ford is the nicest teacher you could ever possibly have. Just pay some attention, do some readings, participate and learn a little something, and you will do well.
He's so nice and easy to talk to, class went by so fast. It's a nice, comfortable environment which makes speaking in French easier. Take him if you can!
Mr. Golembeski cares about his students and he really enjoys teaching and talking, boy does he love to talk. That's a good thing though, its great to have open dialogues with your profs. He is recommended very much.
If you didn't learn anything, then you don't recognize genius and are a fool
Yes, he was a boring lecturer, but he did have a very good grip on his subjects and he was extremely helpful to me. The work he gave us was very hard to do and he was a little demanding, but he brought out the best I had to give.
I almost forgot it was an english class (Lit resp to death), but I guess she is entitled to grade grammatical errors since she is an ENG prof. I just didnt expect it with this theme course. She is an intriguing teacher, and open to new ideas. If you work hard, she will reward you. She also appreciates involvement and discussion.
Dr. Cain was definitely one of the best professors I have had. Going in with a moderate interest in the subject, I found this class to be very engaging. Two big papers (he makes it clear what and will work with you) and no exams. I wouldn't say it was easy, but it was very manageable. Highly recommended for the investigative lab requirement.
Huge dork but he knows what he's talking about. Willing to help students out if you have questions. Exams are hard, expect to study a ton and even then, he throws some hard questions in there. Discussion quizzes are not hard. you should be able to get 100 on every one. The book is useless. Didn't use it at all.
She is very sweet and knows and cares a lot about what she teaches. She is a tough grader, but it is only ever writing assignments. Class can be slow at times but the in class assignments are super easy. If she knows you and you appeal to her interests then she will really like you. Class can also have good discussions.
Do the readings, test are simple, however--tutoring project is impossible to get a good grade on
difficult class but you will pass, find someone who took it already and you will be well off. Don't take if not required. Cool teacher, kinda cute.
Weird guy, but easy class. Explains things well. Class moves really slow. Take notes, do the work, and it's an easy A. As others have said, don't buy the book. You'll never use it.
Exams are really hard and tricky. But she is really funny and witty,so that gets you through the long lecture. She loves geology and it shows. I wouldn't recommend taking this class if you're not a science person. Take it only if you need it.
Awesome class, you will learn a lot from this one. Great attitude towards the subject and makes the classroom a fun environment. Definately worth taking.
Very passionate about what she teaches. Personal stories make the class very interesting. It is not a very challenging class, but you will still learn a great deal if this subject is new to you.
Take this class online for an easy A. The tests are extremely easy multiple choice, and the online lectures are not terribly hard to sit through compared to some other online classes. Don't bother buying the book. Just take notes while you watch the lectures and go over them before exams and you'll do great.
Prof. Smith is bubbly and cheerful all the time. Very helpful and if you like the material very interesting. There were only 2 exams, it would have been more helpful if there had been 3 to break it up a little. There were some fun and easy writing assignments, and a paper 7-9 pages. Not a lot of work but her exams are difficult.
Research methods is no fun. Professor Smith makes it a little less unbearable, but I still found it challenging. She tries to make herself available outside of class, and gives her students practice problems in class. She is flexible with the syllabus and due dates as well.
Brilliant, funny, entertaining, and super-helpful. Talk to her, get to know her, go to her for help, and you'll learn tons.
I would take her again! She didn't grade papers as hard as I had heard (just make sure your grammar and machanics are good). Go to class, read all the texts, put some effort into learning authors and titles and the final is easy.
I liked professor Rhoads alot. He was very helpful and his grading was pretty easy. Class was a little boring at times but if you participate he'll notice. Assignments were easy for the most part.
His class was so easy. Makes for a great upper lever Econ elective if you're in need. Don't buy the book! I never did and got a B+ without it. His lectures get boring, but he's really helpful and doesn't move on unless everyone is getting it. Overall he's definitely a pretty great professor. By far the most painless Econ class I've ever endured
Harvey is a great guy. He always offered help to those that needed it. I should have taken up that offer, haha.
Great Professor. Makes the class interesting and relates topics to the real world. Just make sure to do the weekly reports.
Dr. Browning is one of the sweetest professors I've had. Even though he is boring and long winded during class, he seems to enjoy meeting with students, whether it's to talk about the class or just life. Be prepared to work though, it's not an easy ride.
Every class you will have a two page homework assignment which isn't that bad really just tedious. Two exams and a final but he gives you the exams from the semester before and a lot of the information can be memorized. Show up, just sit there and you can get a decent grade with not too much effort.
Seidman is probably one of the best professors I've had as an Econ major, despite the fact he's pretty liberal. The homeworks definitely help as do office hours. He actually cares about his students, can't say that about many others. He gives you old exams too. He actually sang "The Taxman" once in class, kind of funny.
Seidman's a really good guy. He is really helpful in office hours. In class, he really tries to get people involved, ask us questions and when we answer we always had to say our name first. One time in class he sang "Taxman" by the Beatles, HILARIOUS. Tests are hard and long though, everyone in the class didnt finish till the very end.
A good teacher, and a little caffiene-addicted. He looks down at his cup when he's finished his coffee with a mournful face, as if wondering where it went. Do and understand the exercises and you'll do fine.
This teacher is great. She is fun and entertaining, while at the same time knows her stuff. This class is mostly a review of the last few semesters, so it could get boring, but this teacher keeps it interesting!
He has a great personality and sense of humor. However, he can be very confusing when he teaches and he writes all over the place. That's why you can use your notes for your exams, and if you go talk to him, he explains everything perfectly. Overall, great prof!
I like means, just contribute and FOLLOW the rules. If you do that he'll be very kind to you, no cellphones/quiet when he's talking/participate. I didn't crack the text book, but did the assignments and everything was fine. He was even flexible with due dates and always got back to my e-mails and questions quickly, I really liked him.
He kind of scared me at first, but he warmed up to me. The essays for the portfolios make a big difference in his grading. His directions are unclear sometimes in what he expects out of his students. He loves teaching and if you are in his class act like you do too, even if you are only mildly interested in the topic for the day.
Rodell is awesome. I wasn't very good at the math parts of the course but he's super helpful. And you get to go to the zoo in this class!
He's was a great professor and was always there to answer any questions.
If you don't have previous coding experience then this class will be require more effort. There are 4 projects that aren't difficult, but they are very time consuming. You must do the projects to his exact specs .There is only 2 exams, a midterm and final, they are very hard. There are a few pop quizzes and they are a little easier than the exams.
It wasn't what i expected but i ended up enjoying this class and learning a lot. He hates it if people miss class.Has study sessions before tests, if you go to them you will get a A on the tests. PLus he has a cute accent that makes lecture more interesting
He makes Thermodynamics pretty easy to learn. He goes step by step assuming you know nothing, and covers all of the basics. You'll have to learn outside of class, but he gives you everything you need to know. He uses an online simulation called Test Calcs, use it to check your work but don't rely on it.
This class is pretty easy. You have about 45 minutes of work a week and don't actually have to do any of the readings to do pretty well. Do not expect to get an A. The class is a relatively easy B, just do the work. The TA (Appelhans) was really knowledgable and a really good guy. Take this class for an easy B and an interesting breadth requirement
Good teacher. She knows what she's talkin about and she lets you out 30-45 mins early sometimes since the class is really long. I would recommend her but BOY oh BOY is she strict when it comes to grading. You better learn to write QUICKLY
Very nice woman. Like a grandmother. She will help you with your papers for your entire college career. You have to take ENG110, so take it with Bunnell.
The class overall is very easy, especially if you have taken MISY160. She gives a lot of assignments and many of them are worth less than one percentage point. Some of the more heavily weighted projects are pretty difficult, but they can be done in groups and she will answer emails and help in office hours. The computer tests were easy A's.
She is a good, professional teacher who is always prepared for class. I found that she was very willing to work with students. The lengthy projects can be tedious sometimes.
One of the smartest men you will ever talk to. He admitted at the begining of his class that he did not care whether you were there or not. He wanted students who wanted to learn. At first the class had around 37 people. At the end of the quarter only 7 remained. It was one of the best classes I ever took.
i had him for exitentalism, he is a cutting edge teacher and hes pretty funny. Although he wonders with the topic at times. I just sat there and got a B. So all you need to do is realx and be there.
Good professor, very nice and cared about the students. It was made up of 3 large papers and 5 in-class responses, on top of class discussion. Grades a bit tough, and sometimes the class felt like a history course, but it was an alright class. He has some outlandish choices in literature and articles, though. Avoid if you don't like reading + disc.
Awesome guy! you read four novels in class, he's pretty fair about time given and gives you the topic you will have to write about in class ahead of time. He realizes the topics aren't interesting and is really kind about due dates, etc. He is easy to talk to and super helpful...definitely cares about his students!
An awesome prof! knows his stuff and makes class interesting!
If she's teaching a literature class you need, def take her. She made these poems kind of interesting and I hate poetry. She basically explains exactly what you need to know for tests. just show up, do the work and you will get an A. And participate! She loves people who actually take part in the class,
Ziembo-Vogl is opinionated and it comes through in her teaching, so if you don't actually have interest in the course topic, you probably wont succeed in this course. I hate writing, but I had interest in the topics and I did well. All exams are essays, but topics come directly from her notes and the book. Make sure to read them over!
Gaut paired with Summers is a good combo for Evolutionary Biology. I didn't think I'd enjoy the class as much as I did, but it was worth taking (even if you're not required to, like Nursing Sci majors). Gaut is very passionate and he's very friendly and helpful at office hours. I'd take his class again, but I think he's not teaching next year.
Gaut paired with Summers is a good combo for Evolutionary Biology. I didn't think I'd enjoy the class as much as I did, but it was worth taking (even if you're not required to, like Nursing Sci majors). Gaut is very passionate and he's very friendly and helpful at office hours. I'd take his class again, but I think he's not teaching next year.
Good guy, Hard class but good teacher.
pretty much a self-taught class. Test are super easy with a huge curve. Read over the sample exams before and you'll get an A.
Intro class so its very easy and kinda dumb. He is pretty good. Starts out every class with a joke. Sometimes they're funny. Overall decent
Good teacher. He rarely uses the text, but instead gives awesome notes in class to use. He will also give random quizzes throughout the semester so come to class. Otherwise, his tests were pretty easy and he's a fun lecturer.
if you have any intelligence at all the pace can be painstakingly slow at times, but it is nice to see a prof who caters to liberal arts majors and their stupid questions. show up, take notes, and study the night before the tests and youll get a good grade.
He is the BEST! I loved his teaching style! I ended up with like a 98 in this class!
I'll be honest: You either love Bethea or you hate him. I loved him and his classes. He inspired me. His classes are a combination of literatue and current events, which I find interesting. I wish I could take more classes with him. However, if you oppose his values DO NOT TAKE. He shouts about them a lot. I love it, but a lot of people drop it.
He does try projects in class - it is not straight lecture. However, the lectures are dry. Take-home essay exams, so you don't need to read the chapters. Ho-hum class.
Really knowledgable man, he know his history! Do not tak ethis class if you think you can miss class and still get a good grade! Note taking is crucial to learning and passing this class. He makes the material interesting, and he gives great study guides letting you know exactly what you need to learn. I found the textbook unneccessary.
It's 5:19am and I've been working on this term project FOREVER!! Get the picture. If you do decide to take the class, ask him about starting the project when there are 6 weeks left in class instead of 3 or 4. That way you can figure out as much econometrics/statistics as needed.
Many people found his Microeconomics lectures boring, but I enjoyed them.
Great professor and guy. Uptight in lecture, but very personal and helpful outside of class. Expects a lot from his students, but it benefited us greatly. By far one of the smartest profs I've ever had. He drops an exam and counts the final as 2 if it will help your grade. A great prof, and one I would love to have again for OChem 2.
Gives partial credit on tests. Exams reflected questions on the homework and notes. Had some tricks for solving problems that weren't in the book. A nice guy with a sense of humor..."If you can't do foil method by now, GO HOME." Show up to class, take notes, do your homework correctly, and you should be fine. Recommended.
Overall, good professor.
Very easy to listen to
Professor Hahn is a very intelligent guy. His class consists of mainly exams but he lets you substitute two essay for two exams and the study questions for the exams are given at least a week before. He's also very approachable so always feel free to talk to him if you need help. A really great professor!
A lot of people dont like Dr. Delgado because of the amount of work she assigns but, every single thing she assigned had a purpose. I feel so much better prepared after her class and i dont regret taking it at all. The other common complaint is her personality. She is a sassy gal, so if you cant take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
This class can be interesting if you don't take it at 8:00am. She gives you several options for projects and the psychological disorders game was awesome. There is more reading in this class than a person is actually capable of, so be selective. Ask questions and never miss class. She respects those who respect her time.
I loved having Dr. Rodgers for Chem II. He was very helpful and did everything he could to make sure everyone could learn and understand the material. His tests weren't bad as long as you study and he gave a TON of bonus which was awesome. He made himself available to students as much as possible and would answer all questions. Great professor!
Good teacher-all he does in class is talk and show slides of pictures, but he is still very intelligent. Do the readings because you will be tested on them. Even if you just skim them, you'll be ifne because if oyu know what the readings about, you can use your knowledge from class
Easy A? no...but if you study you can do well. Be sure you know EVERYTHING on the notes. No out of class assignments except listening to some songs! Pretty fun but it gets old by the end of the semester!
Funny, but an early riser. Prepare to read a lot, and some pop quizzes are easier than others. He's actually such a little pumpkin. I don't mind him, but sometimes I feel like it is his opinion or the highway. I learned a lot.
hes boring, but she's just so darned friendly... lol @ abduction comment, he is way out there for sure, but if you just talk in class he'll fall in love with you practically. hes a civil war buff too.
He's so funny! Good professor, but the accent can be a bit hard to follow.
He's a really nice guy, and accepts some homeworks late, though his teaching style of using only examples and skipping steps, especially when it comes to integration, can be confusing. Go to his office hours on Group Projects; he's really helpful.
Class was Philosophy of Love. The only grade we had was our papers. The lowest grade I ever saw was a B+. She is very flexible with due dates as well. I loved how she would always show clips of movies at the end of class. While her talking is sometimes monotonous, she is a very intelligent a interesting teacher.
The class wasn't that much fun, but she is a really nice lady, and tried to help us with our writing by allowing us to turn our papers in before the final one was due, and she would edit them. She also had us do peer editing. Overall, the class isn't the greatest but she is cool.
Wolff is a good teacher, but a hard grader. She lets you re-submit papers to improve, that's one good thing about her class
This professor will take time out of his busy schedule to help you out. He wants everyone to succeed, and he means it when he tells you to "stop by my office sometimes". He is open-minded and not afraid to talk about his personal life. He remembers what you say and who you are, and he will ask for your opinion in class. Very personable.
Has a "tough" exterior at first because she wants students to take her seriously despite her youth and beauty. But once past that, she is extremely sweet and helpful. She grades a bit tough on papers, but she gives a clear rubric beforehand. Her tests can be worded strangely, but if you took notes, you should do fine. Overall, a good professor.
Her class is always energetic and fun to be in. A great professor!
really awesome guy and has a great sense of humor. you can really learn a lot from him, but your mind does wander sometimes when he goes off on tangents.
He's a good professor, he's not a nice person unfortunately. Learned a lot from this class, the lectures are good and the material is went over well. He does quizzes every day of class so beware of that. Dude is really uncaring about his students, it got on my nerves very fast. Often cusses in class, I don't care much abt it but someone might.
Professor Gomez is an excellent teacher , if you work hard and ask him questions there is no way you can't make an A in his class. The exams are open ended so even if you answer a question partially right he'll give you points for it. I took the winter mini session & loved it. He gives extra credit and work sheets daily to help you out!
I took his Finite and Business Calculus class. 40% of grade is IN CLASS QUIZES! so easy, go to class= pass class. Got A's on both of his classes. I loved his class, he is a traditional professor and sometimes thats a good thing, he knows what he is talking about. He gives extra credit. Would recommend always to anyone!
Good teacher, Huge class size is a massive negative, but he did the best he could. Always was entertaining.
Excellent professor. Very helpful, very interesting in class. Slackers will not do well, though.
Really nice, provides notes that prepare you for exams. Let's out class early a lot and gives plenty of extra credit opportunities. Learned a lot in his class.
Very good and straightforward professor. The book is your lifeline in the class, since he uses it to tell you exactly whats on the exam so make sure you buy it. We always got out early and the exams weren't that bad as long as you studied for them. Curves heavily.
Very clear and helpful professor. The exams were very straightforward and similar to practice problems. The assignments were difficult and time consuming. Ended up with an A in the class.
Kydd makes it easy to do well in this class. The material can be dry, but if you start day dreaming, the slides and audio of the lecture are posted online. You can bring in 4 pages of notes to each exam. Exams mirror homework assignments, as longs as you co do those, you can do the exam. No cumulative final. Extra credit offered.
Easy class. Dr. Colton is an excellent teacher, but don't expect any real-life examples in his class. Too theoretical for engineering students. However, he is really nice (and funny) and he genuinely wants every single student to understand the material. Ask him to tell stories!
Love this class! It's really eye-opening. Easy A if you show up to class and do the assignments ( you get 3 free absents )if you miss more you can make them up easily.
This Professor was awesome. Easy "A". Go to class. He'll tell you a story that he is passionate about. Try to understand and remember the story. Take a test. Walk away with an "A" without cracking a book.
I found the class to be difficult considering I'm not a math person whatsoever. His tests are rather tough and I felt a lot of practice was needed. He makes a good attempt trying to make the class fun by using lots of humor and helps anyway he can. Overall, good instructor. Just not the class for me
Extremely helpful if you ask for help. Attend class, read the assignments and participate in class. Would take any of his classes again.
LOVE THIS CLASS AND SHE WAS A GREAT HELP
She is a great professor. She really wants you to succeed and do well. Tests were a bit difficult for me. I realized too late that you should do the reading and review guide as you talk about it in class each week, not save it for the week before. After that, I took my test average from a B- to an A. Very friendly, I would recommend her!
She is a very good teacher and she uses the methods that she teaches to teach us. She knows what she is talking about and she does a good job. Her study guides and exam reviews help out a lot when it comes to test time!
Quirky, fun lady. Easy grader, class is sometimes boring, you don't always know what you're supposed to be doing. I feel like she had a lot to offer, and that I learned a lot.
Dr. Maynard is definatly a knowledgable teacher. Her class lectures can be interesting, for the most part. She adds a lot a liberal opinions into it. I don't believe she's just "playing devil's advocate". Her tests are hard if you don't study. She's not a bad teacher though. I like the order she keeps in her classroom.
I totally disagree with the weirdo comment, this professor is awesome, the class is great, decently easy, and he describes it in a different (not weird!) manner. He gives you EXTRA CREDIT opportunities, study guides, and a perfect layout of the info- but don't buy the book, you never open it!Take Capo. He's great.
I found the class interesting. Lectures got a little bit boring, but she made things as fun as possible. Tests are pretty easy if you complete the study guides she hands out. Mult choice and essay. I'd recommend her, she's friendly and knows what she's talking about!
Read the books OR go to class, both not needed. I really like her easy, laid back style, but she doesn't follow public communication styles: says "uhm" and "ah" quite a bit which can be distracting. She does know what she's talking about and is very respectable and considerate of her students.
I thought she was a great professor. Attending class is a must because material is covered quickly and many new strategies are learned on a daily basis. She doesn't take off points if you are extremely detailed in your response. Make sure the directions to your answer are step by step. I would recommend taking her.
AWESOME PROF! I loved this class. Her math class was so much fun. It isn't a ton of content to learn, but you learn tons of activities to use in your classes! She keeps things VERY simple, but its not bad. She's a great prof, I recommend her to anyone!
She is a nice prof but sometimes she doesn't know what she's even talking about
I actually liked her. Her opinions are very conservative, but it's refreshing after listening to liberal profs all day. Just read the book, know the vocab and it's a breeze. No need taking notes in class.
Mixed feelings. I found Weile to be arrogant & a tad mean. One of those classes where you're scared to ask questions b/c you feel the professor will look down on you. However, he is a good professor. Very clear explanations made the material easy to understand. And fair exams. Homework excessive at times.
Nice professor, wants her students to learn and understand material! Has not been the greatest professor with getting things out to students...but has also had a lot of personal issues to deal with!
Was surprised to read what others had said about him on here. I enjoyed him as a professor, he made things interesting so I was never bored in his class. He is fair on his tests that correlate with the notes. Just make sure you study class material after each class & you're fine. Overall, very knowledgable, experienced professor. Have him next sem.
Great teacher, lectures are crystal clear and very interesting. I would recommend you study and memorize the notes for both lecture and lab and you should do fine. I mainly used the book just for clarity. This is a tough class and if you fall behind you'll suffer.
He is awesome, the best prof I've ever had! You need to study hard though, multiple choice questions can be tricky!
Make sure you take something to keep you awake through class. Highly polotical, so make sure you're ready to agree with her polotical views for a semester. Good class, learned a lot about developing countries. Write what she says in class on the exams and you will do fine. Graded on three exams and three short papers. Got an A-
he was a very good prof. he helps you if you ask. very hard class, so go.
Fantastic Prof! He tries to make it interesting, which is extremely helpful since it's philosophy. I had him for an online class, but the lectures posted were very helpful. He also had review sessions before each test to make sure that we understood the material.
Philosophy is hard, but this guy makes it understandable. Nice guy, sincerely cares about his students, subtle sense of humor. I remember everything from this class (evidence of a good prof)
Lectures are super interesting and she has a good sense of humor, but I don't like that grades are based heavily off of 15-point quizzes (easy to get bad grades on those), and many questions were vaguely worded and/or based off of materials in the book but not in the lecture. You'll be fine though, if you are willing to put the time and effort in.
Easiest class of my life. Got above a 100 in the class, but then again maybe it's cause I like science and am a science major. All you have to do is take good notes and study them for like 10-15 mins a day. Not much hard concepts in bio 101...
Wethey is an energetic and friendly man. one of the 2 classes per week is a discussion class where you come in with answers to questions about a scientific paper and talk about it/ annotate with groups. These are worth a huge chunk of the grade but they are easy. Exams are difficult and require a lot of creative thinking.
She is an excellent teacher, but a hard one. You can learn a lot from this class and it will help you write papers in all your other classes.
this teacher is very very helpful, he will go out of his way to help any student in any of his classes. He tests in MCAT testing, which means they are super hard. No homework and and hands out notes in class so you can follow along. You take his class, you will have to study A LOT and you will learn a lot, but you will still prob get a C or a low B
Dr. Kepner is a pretty chill guy, but doesn't give much beyond reading off the slides. The same information is in your textbook - get the international version for less $. He is very detail-oriented and you will need to know the most obscure things for tests/quizzes. Still, it's all based on hw and textbook readings. Difficult but great professor.
Wonderful professor. The lectures are super boring but she's so passionate about it that it's interesting anyway. BUY THE LECTURE BOOK!! Most of the info is already written down so you don't have to take many notes. The textbook isn't necessary. The class is graded off a few online open note/book exams and attendance, so show up to class.
JUST LECTURES, TEST ARE SOMEWHAT EASY IF YOU STUDY THE NIGHT BEFORE
He's a really fun teacher. Very laid back, makes a comfortable and relaxed atmosphere. For this class he does push you, but he's always helpful and constructive with his criticisma dn teh grading seems fair enough. He knows journalism really well.
His name is Bond, Dr. Bond. What he lacks in social aptitude he makes up for in pure chemistry know-how. If you are a fan of chemistry (or even science in general) you'll like this guy, otherwise, well...
Wonderful professor! I would highly recommend her 365 course to any student interested in ESL education. She is knowledgeable,passionate,helpful and always so nice! I loved this class. She expects students to put in some solid work, but it pays off in good grades and a great experience.
She's a pretty good teacher. Gives you lots of practice...boring, though.
Very excellent professor. Makes himself clear and easy to listen to in class.
I took Brian for Child Development then heard he was teaching 302 so I took that class as well. VERY EASY PROF! If you go to class everyday and participate you will get an A. Save your money on the book. He might be a bit scatterbrained but it keeps you on your toes. TAKE ANY CLASS YOU CAN WITH HIM!
I loved this guy, hard work is required to get a GOOD grade, but it's easy enough to slide by, minimal work earned me a B. He's a little dry but very kind and understanding, tests are more than fair, expecially with his curve.
She is a great teacher. She gives so much information and is so helpful, seems a little intimidating at first but she is really amazing, really funny and class is always really relaxed and fun. I hate english and was minorly interested in poetry but she definitely got me really into the class and its been one of my favorites. take her.
Great class, great proff. Take econ w him if you have the chance
Professor Beck has a great understanding of the material and is a really cool person overall. This class is really hard but Prof. Beck gave a lot to help us through it. I highly recommend her.
I took her during the summer and all previous statements are true. She will warn you about the work load and tells slackers to leave. I was scared at the time but I couldn't be happier that I took her. She knows her stuff and is INCREDIBLY HELPFUL. Show up and do the work. She is very sweet and you can learn so much from her if you want to.
Really interesting topics and discussions that will inspire you to continue the discussions out of class, primarily because of the interdisciplinary nature of the class Childress is very approachable and the TAs seem to be interested in the subject as well! Not difficult to get a good grade if you do the reading and study.
Great lady, very interesting class, learned a lot from lectures and papers
Not bad at all. Go to class, pay attention, do your hw and go to him if you have any questions. Other then that the class does not take that much effort. He might be a slightly creepy old man, but his averages on the tests were about 10 pts higher then the other professors (on the same tests), so he actually is good at teaching.
Dave is an awesome professor. He truly wants the best for his students and will do anything to help you succeed. All assignments can be resubmitted if you are not happy with your grade. I wish I could take another course with him.
Burmy is a really nice guy. He goes off on rants about the world and stories of his life but it is all interesting and makes for a fun lecture. He is pretty good at explaining chemistry and gives you easy ways to remember concepts. The class is tough but the curve makes a decent grade possible. An 85 is an A and you pass with a 40.
This class was easy and you didn't have to go to lectures but the material was boring. its a good way to fulfill a math/sci credit but its not that interesting. he tries really hard to make class fun tho, its kinda cute. He's really nice and easy to talk to. I'd recommend it
Good professor, but don't fall back on the work if you're not science-oriented.
Fraser's lectures are very useful, she presents information clearly and orderly. She is very excited about the subject and is a nice person, the only reason the class is so hard is because that's how you'll learn best. This class made my life hell, I'm not gonna lie, it was rough, but I learned so much. I loved it.
Her class is a little tough. She has a very neat syllabus and she sticks to it. She does not offer extra credit so try to do your best on every test. Overall I like how she throughly goes over grammer. If you are a native speaker she will not validate words that are not commonly known to her or the textbook.
Certainly not the most interesting, but you gotta love having a teacher who loves what he's teaching SO much. His own passion for the materical more than encouraged me in this class.
Dr. Smith is an incredibly nice guy and a great professor. Cancels class fairly frequently. Definitely recommend.
He is helpful during class on most days. If you pay attention the labs aren't too bad. They seem really difficult at first but the work for each lab gets easier as you slowly start to understand what is happening. The labs get harder as the class progresses, but he's better than the other 106 professors, at least from what I've heard.
She always smiles, tests are not easy but not hard, she teaches almost everythign you need to know, suprise questions on tests, so read the book. overall great prof.
Seems to be a good guy but he makes the class so ungodly boring. Spends the whole class explaining something that can be summed up in 5 words. Very easy class, you don't even have to try to get an A. However, you do have to pay attention and take notes during the semester to pass the final.
Lots of reading for this class and lots of class discussion. The exams are all essay style, but he gives you over a week to work on them. He doesn't make you feel uncomfortable when you participate in discussion but he does want you to back up what you say.
Very knowledgable about all aspects of the BIO field. He wants you to do well, and gives plenty of opportunity to do good on tests. He gives 10 points of extra credit on tests! His classes are hard work, but you will learn alot from him. You will benefit by taking Lombardo.
He is very anal in his grading of short answers on tests. Tests are too long for lecture period (but plenty of extra credit is given). Lab is fun. Professor Lombardo really knows his stuff.
Wow he is an awesome teacher - you don't have a book and all you really have to do is show up to class. Issues are amazingly simple and tests are right from the notes. He used to be a cop so his stories are pretty wild.
Dr. Hair to me was a very good Instructor. I took her before transferring to Western Michigan university and alot of the things taught I can relate much easier here! For those that thinks she is too easy think again..SHE JUST MAKES IT UNDERSTANDABLE!!!!
Rayor is nice for the most part, but can be kinda sharp and rude at times. the homework for this class is easy, just short summaries of the plays each time you read one. Exams are tough, she includes a lot of quotes that can be hard to differentiate between plays and characters. Easy class for the most part though, and very interesting.
For a history major/minor he's a great prof. for someone looking to just get there history credits and don't care, find someone else because he gives a ton of information and the class takes a little work but you'll get a good grade.
Delph is amazing! His class is a little tough. We had to read a couple of books, but most were at least semi-interesting and tests are all essay, but he gives you the questions beforehand. I would definitely recommend him though--I love his lectures! And the slides!
He has a sarcastic sense of humor, and that translates to the way he teaches. The tests were a bit hard, but nothing studying couldn't cure. Allows you to have a notecard with information on it for the tests, which helps. Interesting class, and I don't like history. Overall, good professor.
Greg was pretty cool/helpful! He does review sessions before each exam, and is pretty fair in what he expects you to know. At the same time, you will need to study a lot to get an A in this class if you aren't a science person. Also, try to break down barriers soon...his subtle sense of humor is great once he gets comfortable with your clas!
Treats you like a 5-yr old by laying EVERYTHING out for you. Makes sure you go to class and do well on the group problems. Cheat sheets for exams, TONS of handouts. Covers everything many times, and knows how to make you link old info to new stuff. Good luck!
I really enjoyed this class and the material, but I will say that her exams are pretty hard. You have to work really hard for an A. People did really poorly on the first exam, so she curved it and began giving out extremely helpful but extensive study guides that directly correlated with the exams. She is also super sweet and caring.
Professor Lessoff is such a genuine person and I thoroughly enjoyed his presence. He is very clearly passionate about History, but he does struggle to make this accessible for his students; he fails to see that not everyone shares this same passion, and therefore does not withhold the same level of understanding. Be ready to read many books!
didn't want to take this stupid class, but she made it straight forward and easy to do the portfolio papers. will make you do dumb little activities and lots of group work. the peer reviews are a joke - but if you didn't test out of this class, take her
Super nice guy, I loved him. His lectures were actually very informative and even though the tests were all essay questions they were straightforward and not too hard as long as you studied. He will get to know his students and ask them personal questions, I really enjoyed talking to him!
Easy class, take notes, read books, great teacher
Panda was a pretty good guy. The books we read weren't too bad, and the papers we had to write in class were pretty easy. He's just a pretty friendly guy and easy to maintain interest in class.
Not the best speaker I ever heard but he is on of the best math professors.
Alright, yes this guy may seem a little arrogant, but he is one of the most experienced teachers at GVSU. He did research in Africa for like ten years. His stories are pretty amazing if he shares them with you. The first two assignments are fairly easy but the final assignment is pretty hard. Take this class in the spring or summer.
She is a great lecturer and obviously very passionate about her subject, but taking thorough notes and attending every lecture is essential to passing the class. Graded on very few things which I don't like and says her tests don't have trick questions but they are often very tricky.
Easy professor to get your GE physical science out of the way. 3 exams and a final, but she drops your lowest test score out of the 3 exams. Lots of quizzes, and clicker questions every lecture so you have to go.
Loved this class and loved her! She's very nice and truly cares about her student's success! I would definitely recommend taking this class. There are 3 exams and a final but the lowest exam is dropped. If I could, I would take another class with her!
There are clicker points every class so make sure to show up. The subject was interesting! She's snarky when you walk in late. I didn't buy the book but her tests are based off of lecture. She also drops your lowest test grade. As long as you pay attention & understand the concepts, you should do fine. There's 1 project that is okay, not too tough.
GO TO CLASS EVERYDAY and you will be fine! I was lucky cause she gave out free books for our class and the book helped a bit...but you can pass without it. 3 test (1 gets dropped) and a final. It gets easier after the first test. I got an A!!
The quizzes and tests come straight from her lectures, so you never need the book. This is an easy class, but don't let your guard down, you'll still need to study. Her lectures are very concise, so pretty much everything that appears in her Powerpoint slides is on the test.
I'm not a geology major, so I don't know many details about this subject. I didn't buy the book but attended every lecture. I'm getting a B and I didn't put in a vast amount of effort toward the class. She's really interesting and pretty. She makes funny, lame jokes. Take her!
Tests can be tricky, but overall an achievable A. I like her b/c she really cares about her students and what she teaches. My advice: do well on the online quizzes.. they will make or break your grade in the end. Also.. review your old tests in her office hours before the final. I did it, and a lot of the questions were the same as ones i missed.
Ok, these are the facts. The class it's self is interesting. The teacher is very straightfoward and good looking. Don't buy text! the tests are based on her lecture notes, study those and you will do fine. Just study her notes!!That's the secret to get an easy B. Study a little more and it's an A.
Very fun in class, talks a lot about what to talk about at parties (8) ). Expects a lot from the class, but noting you cannot handle. Very good teacher.
Very funny and makes class fun. Tests aren't too bad, gives sheet of questions for the test to study from.
The guy knows what he's doing and is very helpful! If you didn't do well... you're an idiot!
hard tests. easy homework. overall okay. book tells you how to do everything. don't go to class unless it's for the homework. Pretty nice guy overall.
he is very nice, hw is easy, definitely need to study to get good grade on tests
if you found this class hard you seriously need to re-evalutate your reading comprehension. i read one chapter out of the big book all sem and still got a B+. go to class, try not to sleep, take notes, study night before exam by reading little book and reviewing notes, and get at least a B. Plus, if you have a prob, ask him, he's SUCH a NICE guy
Interesting class and prof, though not easy. Go to his office hours and ask him questions. You'll do better and he helps immensely.
Prof. Geerts genuinely wants you to do well and learn a lot. The class has a good number of projects, two tests and a final. There's also one "essay" that's just a reflection on what you learned and what you think he should change about the class. The textbooks are given to you and you really only use them at the beginning of the semester.
Pretty easy class. Tests are somewhat difficult. Final is impossible!! TONS of extra credit though so overall class is pretty easy.
Papers were easy but graded hard. Exams weren't too bad. Review sheets helped a lot. Class is fun. Overall, pretty easy class and a great professor :)
Bambach's class is pretty good. 3 exams, each on 3-4 chapters of material and a final. Lowest exam including the final is dropped, even if you don't take one. 1 essay which is easy and then weekly discussion board posts and a weekly online quiz, answers easy to find on quizlet. Fairly easy to get an A.
Mark is a great professor that genuinely cares about the grades of his students. The tests do require you to study quite a bit, but the MyLab quizzes really help to prepare. His exams are on proctorU, but he curves his exams to help everyone out a bit. Overall, there's 1 easy paper, 4 exams (lowest drops) and MyLab work every Sunday.
Pretty good professor. You HAVE to read the textbook to do decently well on the exams, and even then it's really hard to get As. He curves them, but not a lot. Office hours are early in the morning and very quick and he's not that much help outside of class. Sort of blows you off. Overall not a bad class, but worked super hard for less of a reward.
The tests are pretty tough but Mark is an all around cool professor. He gives study guides for every test although I didn't find them tremendously useful. He has a number of speakers come in to help students with possible jobs, which is nice, and he'll also look over your resume which is a great help. Overall decent class.
I really enjoyed this class. He just wants you to write and try something new. Class itself was pretty stress-free, but I wish he would give us actual grades rather than just narrative comments.
He's really nice and funny, his class is pretty easy. Keep up!
She is a very nice and pretty easy teacher. She helps students understand the information, and she has good notes which she prints off for you!! As well as good examples.
The best teacher I have ever had at Loyola. I enjoyed going to his classes, and would go even if I didn't have to. Don't miss ot..take him!!
I really like her. She's one of those professors that spells out everything you need to know, so you can take good notes. Her tests make sure you know the material, but they're not hard. Only uses the book for practic homework problems, and she tells you which homework assignments are going to be graded, there aren't any surprises or pop-quizzes.
he's like a daddy......if you show up to class half the time you'll do ok
If you miss class you need to get notes. Movies, and lectures are very important and are the main focus on exams. Do well on your 4 exercizes and you will be closer to a good grade. When you read the text take GOOD notes... she asks obscure questions...
I don't know what everyone else is talking about, but I and the rest of the English majors in my class got A's. Class is not easy, simply attainable if you put in the time reading the selections.
good teacher, it's hard in a class of 150 people
This is a tough class no matter who you take it with, but if you take Carroll, make sure you can code in C. There's 4 (incrementally more difficult) programming assignments, a midterm, and a final. He offers extra credit for almost every program which is needed for the very difficult tests. Very helpful teacher, make sure you take advantage.
This class is HARD. However, he is very helpful in office hours or responding to emails. He tries his best to make it clear, but the material is just hard. He gave out many opportunities for extra credit on tests and homework. Homework assignments basically every week. 50% of your grade is the final. Just be ready to work or you wont pass.
Prof Chung is very passionate about her material. Her lectures go by really fast because the material is interesting. Her tests are not hard or tricky, there's just a LOT of information on each one, so COME TO CLASS. Her test questions come directly from her lectures. Bring your laptop because she talks FAST and everything she says is on the exam.
4 exams and one is dropped. Easy A. Just show up to class and study everything she says.
Great teacher and willing to help people out that ask. People that did bad probably didn't study. Easy B, with extra work, get an A.
Great professor. Very energetic. Tests are on BB and she also has a review sheet for you and is helpful. I didn't like how she didn't give you a syllabus right away to see our reactions. She is a fair grader, just make sure to do the study guide before taking the test. This class makes u apply the concepts 2 real life examples. Has EC(random-ish).
Prof. Balfour is extremely knowledgeable and his lectures are very interesting (although sometimes a bit monotone), you will learn alot from him-2 exams, 1 paper, and make sure you show up
Sometimes difficult to understand becuase of a slight accent but he is very engaging and VERY understanding. He really cares about your academic achievements as a student and is WELL more than willing to help. Read the readings and you are guarenteed an A. I got a B without doing them so its well worth the minor extra effort. He also makes you
Seems like a hard prof. at first but he gets cool. Very easy to talk to and the class is alot of fun and he makes it very interesting.
Professor Sommers is awesome. His lectures are engaging and interesting; he cares about his students and will go above and beyond to help them with matters both related to the course and outside of the classroom. He has a great sense of humor and does a good job of presenting/teaching the material. The best professor I had this semester!
Mediocre class, but a great professor. I think he could teach watching grass grow 101 and it would be interesting. You might try to take another class but AFST 200 is ok.
Sutton has a lot of mixed feelings about her teaching, but it really is nothing to complain about. The tests are 100 questions but she gives you the answers word for word in lectures and you can miss 20 and still get an 80 soo.. She's not the worst professor in the world and is extremely reasonable with everything she does. Plus all quizzes online.
She's very nice and very passionate about the subject. She has a no electronic policy and her lectures are kind of boring. I learned more from the textbook than her lectures but most of the material is self explanatory. She made certain topics more interesting than others but her assignments and tests were easy, as long as you follow the directions
If you show up to class, she has you write down random acronyms and facts that will become test questions, so it's worth going. Tests are a little hard to prepare for because you need to memorize pointless stuff. She's funny, though. She extended a couple of deadlines for us which was nice.
I love Professor Bell! He is a great chemistry lab professor so there is no way you can possibly fail unless you dont go to the labs or make cheat sheets for the lab quizzes. The work is easy. The quizzes are what bring down some people's grades, but he gives you a point even when you have the wrong answer. Pray that you get him.
Good teacher, loves to talk. Don't take if you are going to be a chem major, he isn't that great at teaching the subject, but classes are fun. Get him to know you and you are set. See him if you need a co op job.
Best Math professor I've had at Kettering. He is hilarious and charismatic but knows how to be serious and stern when needed. Make sure to study or you will fail. Material isn't even that hard and he shows that in his lecture. Highly suggest, you won't regret it.
Uses scare tactics to keep you studying/passing...do HW and go to class everyday and it will be the easist math class that you will ever take at KU
Dr. Matt is an awsome teacher, he jokes around, but he REALLY knows his stuff, it is amazing what the guy knows, i am really happy that i took his class, and i learned a lot, not that i will use any of that stuff in real life except in maybe jepardy!
awesome guy, loved the class, he made subject matter very interesting. enjoyed the class, wish he taught more bio classes. take this class if you like biology, he's great =)
A professor with a lot of personality who creates a stimulating work environment; is highly opinionated and knows what he's looking for in terms of improvement, but is good at gentle nudges in the right direction. If he sees you're serious about the class, he's serious about helping you.
He'll help if you ask for it. Class can be boring, but what can he do - it's the topic. SUA is not his fault, shouldn't be that bad if you don't put it off. Midterm take home and the SUA are key.
He is super interesting if you actually listen to him but his tests are super hard. Make sure you are there the day before the test for his reviews. I was actually entertained by the class.
Teacher is very helpful in letting you know what is going on in the world. Lecutres are not boring to me. He keeps me intrested in the class.
Such a caring professor and he genuinely cares about his students. The class in not the most entertaining, but its a requirement. Exams are challenging, but they are online and you can use your notes. Dr. McKenize, is such a great guy and if you have any problems at all he will make it a point to make everything work out for you. take him!
Great teacher! Take her class if you think you want to be a teacher! It will make you truly choose!
Funny guy, easy to talk to. His lectures are good, but you really need to do the homework too. Luckily he gives you cheat sheets after covering a chapter (no homework is collected though)
Don't be fooled by the number designation: GEOG101 was NOT an easy A. Great class for History-Ed students for credits. His lectures are very interesting and he is extremely nice. You NEED to study for these tests.
easy class if you put forth any work what-so-ever.
All notes are on slideshows and online...tough to make yourself go to class...great lecturer and nice guy, but tests are very deceitful...weather patterns aren't all that interesting either...read the book, go to review sessions and class
Really good professor. He both makes you work hard but keeps you interested in the material you're working on. A bit of a tough essay grader,but he will help make you better at it.
I find this professor to be Galatians and he is my favorite. Only thing, test are very hard and you have to learn most of your stuff outside of class.
OMG!! she is GREAT!!! She is one of my favorite teachers at Southwestern...I never thought Communication class was going to be so fun and interesting...take the class you won't regret it...oh and I got to say....I find her to be very attractive ;)
If you're looking for a communication professor, then she is the perfect one to chose. To begin shes young, smart, and damm good looking!!I really enjoyed her class she takes a lot of time to explain things and she makes the class a fun environment. Its easy!
There are 3 group projects and 3 tests. She's very helpful when you need it. Only one drawback does not give any extra credit. Other than that, she is an awesome teacher. Catch her if you can.
Prof Crampton is what you would expect from an upper-level Seidman professor. She will make you work for your grade. She does get a little dull with her lectures, but I think it is because she tries to cram a lot of content into one class. She assigns a HUGE group project that takes up the last weeks of class. Prepare- she takes it very seriously.
he's got a great sense of humor but he doesn't need to explain as much as he did.
very nice and easy to talk to... fair grading scale
He is a straight forward guy who lets you know what he wants. Do the work thats expected of you and you will get a good grade. Journal helps with studying and terrible 10's help with learning everyday. Though its a beginners class, you learn alot. Took it before and failed it and he made it easier.
Not the hardest class ever. If you're thinking that, you aren't studying hard enough.It's college, buck up. Domangue is very helpful and really wants his students to succeed. ALWAYS make use of his office hours.Do the hw even if it isnt for a grade,it def. helps you actually understand the concepts.
Shes not as bad as people make her seem. Shes a pretty easy professor and if you put in the effort youll get an A or B. She does rely on the powerpoint lecture but its not too bad and PASS is an extra boost to better understand the material. She also gives extra for every exam which helps a lot !!!
Absolutely adorable! Yes, sometimes she's hard to understand and no, it's not an easy A, but you will not be disappointed with Guadalupe! She's very nice and an excellent, helpful professor. This class was easier than ones I took in high school but I learned twice as much.
His lectures can sometimes be a snooze but ive never met a more knowledable educator in my entire life. Some say to take lots of notes, I say listen carefully to the lectures instead and study the readings well. If you actually want to learn something in this class, you can learn a ton from Poindexter.
He sounds like Sean Connery and is very interesting. His notes arent very helpful and he gives broad study guides for short tests but if you just know a little about things from the guide and what he expects youll be fine.
I would have got an A in the class if i didn't skip so many labs... the tests were easy if you study for a couple mins or so. Kept class alive.
Good teacher, and shes easy to understand. the tests are a bit on the hard side, and she has no expression what so ever! (very monotone)
great professor! lectures are very interesting for the most part. The assignments arent very hard and if you study for the tests, its not that difficult to get a B.
EXCELLENT SPEAKER...can keep ur attention at 9am ****/hungover/stoned. awesome guy. really witty. tests seem easy, but the grades prove otherwise. TAKE THIS CLASS.
Dr. Chen is a great man! He's a little hard to understand but he's super lenient about grades. Lectures are boring but he always tells cheesy "jokes of the day". He always looks out for the best interest of students. Would take him again 9/10 recommend
Tony is the best guy to take math from in the ISAT department hands down.. he's a little hard to understand as he has an accent, but you get used to it.
He is the coolest teacher at JMU, and he knows what he's doing and gives you the joke of the day which I freakin love. Take him, he's my favorite
Took her Spring '22 for GEOG 200 and although it is a Gen Ed class, she was a pretty caring professor and passionate about what she talked about as well as her students. There is only two things graded in the course, a few exams and a paper project, so you definitely need to be on top of it but overall the class is one of the best for a Gen Ed.
A tough grader and lots of readings, but lectures are clear and interesting. Tests are pretty hard; make sure you read and understand the readings very closely.
He tells you what section the lecture is going to be on. Quizzes & tests almost exactly resemble the h/w. He adds at least 12 points to tests. I've gotten perfect scores on both so far. The class did drop from about 40 people to 7. I dont know what they were expecting. If you haven't ever had to work hard don't expect to get an A without any effort
Great class!!! Great instructor!!!
He is a great teacher, tough, but always there.
Easy to understand as long as you pay attention in class.
This class is really difficult. He is a super nice, funny guy, but he really cares about making sure that you actually learn something in this class. TAKE NOTES. GO TO CLASS. Good luck.
Awesome teacher, go to class
One of the best professors at UNF. Go to class, pay attention and youll do well.
The guy is really funny, but boring to listen to. Hes extremely helpfull if you ask for his help. Hes very nice. The class is boring, but you have to pay attention and take good notes. Most of the studying is done on your own. The TESTS ARE REALLY HARD!!!!!!!!
Practice, and you'll get an A.
Hard class, but he makes it interesting somewhat
He makes a boring topic worth going to class, a lot of reading, but he is a good professor
class is writing intensive and a little boring but he is a great guy
He made us cookies!!!!
One of the best professors in the department!
Bob is awesome!!!!
A lot of work in his class and a lot of discussing but he is very helpful and understanding. Let him know if you are having problems and whatnot and he will help.
He is a very good teacher. The material is hard, but he makes it easy to understand as long as you go to class. LOTS of OWLS, but they really do help you learn. I would definately recommend him
One of the best chem professors.
One of the best chemistry professors
Very mellow. His class is a lot of work.
One of the best professors on the whole campus!!!!!
dougie rocks!!!
awesome prof!!!!
I love him!! He is a great professor! He knows so much and is very detailed! But you need to go to class!!
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pava Rocks!!!! Great guy, easygoing, course material is very challenging. If you come to class, pay attention and KEEP UP WITH THE WORK you should be fine.
one of my favorite teachers i have ever had!!! hes absolutly wonderful!!!
he is a very nice guy with good teaching skills
Very good prof!!!!
Easy class, make sure you go to class everyday because she offers a lot of extra credit. Tests are difficult to study for. Recommend taking her.
Prof. Wineman is a great professor. He is helpful and I learned much from his lectures. I highly recommend him.
What a guy. He is a grumpy man but so funny. All you have to do is go to class and its an easy A .
He is a good teacher. Go to class and you will pass. Offers a lot of help as well. I would recommend him. Just go to class!
Not an easy class, but she is a great teacher and tells you what you need to do to do well. She's very enthusiastic and always cheerful.
He is a very smart man and knows what he is talking about....he is very helpful!!!
hot stuff baby!!!!
TAKE HER CLASS! and read the course packet. Point recapture is awesome
very hard tests, very nice lady
very hard tests, problem sets, and labs; she's very helpful though
Excellent teacher, but class requires strong background
Class is really hard but she's available to help at every turn. Awesome teacher.
This class was fine. There were a few group projects throughout the semester in addition to many small assignments. She was a fine teacher, but honestly not great at communicating. Assignments would just.. appear on Canvas with no annoucement or mention in class sometimes. She's good though, super nice!
She was a kind professor. I took this class over winter, so the material was condensed. We had a partner presentation, one oral exam, two written exams, and weekly quizzes. There were also in-class assignments. Attendance is mandatory, at least for winter session. She wanted me to succeed.
Such an enjoyable, upbeat person. Makes classroom very fun, relaxed atmosphere. She'll do her best to help you understand without simply saying it in english. Prepares you well for exams/tests. No need to do homework, never checked. Pretty easy A and fun class. I'd definitely recommend her to anyone
After not doing so well on my first exam, I decided to attend his office hours. He really does care about each student's success. He helped me understand the class more and I did much better on the next few exams
Though she's a little self absorbed (assigned her own book, talked about her theater program, etc.), she is very passionate about her work and was very insightful about both the business and creativity of poetry. Class was actually a joy to take, with most of the work being fairly relaxed (journals, writing poetry, and a short essay).
She's pretty good, but kindof scatterbrained! The way she teaches is unorganized...but if you like to participate and read aloud her's is the class you want! Only a midterm, final, and 1 paper. But the 'quote' part of the tests can be specific and hard! She grades fairly specifically in general!
Ross was awesome! He enjoys film a lot and really enjoys teaching about it. 1 paper, 2 tests, and 3 short film projects, which were really fun to make. Test were a little bit hard, mostly because he gives so much information during class and can't fit all of it on an exam, so it is hard to figure out what is and is not going to be on the test.
Tough but fair, don't screw up or he'll humiliate you in class
Dr. Arena is such a nice man, so sweet, and very easy to talk to. And I must say, one hot pepper! and that goes for his wife too! :)
Very easy class -- low work level. Teacher is really nice. TAKE IT!
Easy A...At first seems really hard...But it is really easy!
Learned a lot and became interested in the class bc of the prof's positive attitude and his desire for our class to do better. Tough tests though. I'll be taking him again for research methods bc I think he can make it at least a little interesting with his personality.
Actually knows what she teaches. Maybe strict for others but I think she is fun.
This class is pretty simple, basic economics explained. Book is not really needed, maybe just for some more background. DO THE HOMEWORKS! They count for like 3/4 of the grade and he always goes over them the day they're due so you can take home and fix your mistakes. Lots of material for the exams but the HW will def. boost grade. Very helpful guy
Eloquent. Presents well. Engaging lecturer. Interesting slideshows. Deep well of knowledge to pull from. Excellent sense of humor. Very highly recommended.
Y'all this class made me want to go to law school. Schaffer has a law degree, and teaches the class more from a law perspective than a business perspective, but the cases that you study really do help you grasp the importance of law as applied in the business world. It is difficult and attendance it important. Don't let that deter you.
Took him over long winter, on line. I was put in his class when the one I was in was over full. Seeing the ratings, I was worried. No need to be. Read the material, take the test, easy A.
great prof in my opinion. his teaching style is definitely not for everyone. He can be a little unclear but is more than willing to answer questions (which he does well). we could use as many cheat sheets during the test as we wanted. funny sense of humor and very personable... he told us lots about his personal life which was fun/awkward :)
Overall quality teacher. Demands much from his students. Expects seriousness towards wanting to become a teacher, and thus requires adequate knowledge of subject matter. Learned a great deal from him.
Very helpful, not much work outside class. Highly recommend!
I found this class to be extremely frustrating. The problems weren't terriably hard but it seemed very difficult to get an A based on how he did the grading. A ton of work for just a 1 credit class.
Tries very hard to overcome language barrier. Is VERY fair and tries to help whenever possible. Is always available for questions. Loves teaching math! Nice guy.
If you like to talk about sex, you definitely will a lot! Great guest speakers, and many opportunities for participation. Tests can be difficult, so read - but it's actually fun reading.
I only had him for a one-credit course but I still appreciated his sense of humor and ability to treat students as adults. Nice man, and clear grader.
Prof. Rise did a good idea of making this class as good as possible. He made a note to tell us whenever we did not need to know something on his powerpoints, and when something was particularly important. He also provides study guides for his exams (extremely useful) and posts on capture. Between those and the textbook glossary, this class was easy
Rise is a solid prof. Yeah, he can get a little stale at times but he keeps the class interesting and fun for the most part. Great class discussions make the 75 student class feel smaller. He goes fairly slow so that you're able to understand all the material. Exams are not bad at all, you get a study guide for them. Study and you're fine.
very easy and fair. Dry but funny. Take his class if possible
very easy class, Rise has a monotonous tone but still happends to be funny!
I had Sister Mary for Symposium in 2001-2002. I enjoyed the laid back feel of the class and getting to know other students. She was very considerate and considered you a friend.
I had Addo for MIS315 and 492. He was great in both classes, but I feel like he goes a bit easier on students in 492 since everyone taking it is a senior. Lecture material is pretty interesting and actually applies to real world IT. Two group projects/presentations, and he understands if english isn't your first language. Midterm is difficult.
Projects are time consuming but not too difficult. Exams/quizzes are the only difficult thing; true/false questions are really easy to miss because of really small details. Overall, he seems to really care that you learn the material and will answer questions as best as he can, both in office hours and during class, so don't hesitate to ask.
Not bad. I enjoyed it.
He's Easy, Programs are almost straight from the book, Pop Quizzes Blow, Bad TA
Very long recorded lectures that you must watch in order to complete the tests. 2 papers and 4 writing exercises. The TA grades everything and was more focused on grammar than content. It is very easy to get behind in the class because there are no hard due dates on the section quizzes just the papers and writing exercises. I will be retaking class
if this subject was ever boreing to you-try taking it from a hot instructor with an accent and you will instantly find interest.
Really interesting class, Prof. Aitken is a really good guy and makes a general ed class feel like you are taking a graduate class at Harvard (in a good way).
I enjoyed this class, however it was not what I expected (I thought it was supposed to be on cultures, not specifics on cities..). Lots of lecture, little homework. Aitken was very knowledgable and loves what he does. Awesome teacher for a semiboring subject.
I missed the first two midterms, however he has a very legnthy, yet easy, internet equivalent. The class also consisted of very few papers that were graded easy. He also has a funny Scottish accent that made class less boring at times.
The best professor I have had at SDSU. He relates the material to things we are familiar with. His websites and animations are amazing at helping understand the curriculum.
genuine interest in the subject
Go to every class and do all the HW. HW and attendence counts big at the end. He demands respect, so dont ever walk out of his class early and he likes it when you call him Dr. Chang. Good teacher with tons of experience and knowledge. Very helpful and can answer ANY question about hydraulics.
Prof Samaraj is a good teacher, just have to get used to her lecture style. She comes off as if she is disappointed in your lack of knowledge even though it's an entry class. Old school and gives out lots of paper handouts. Takes about a week to grade, but her feedback on papers is amazing. Studying material is a must for exams and DONT SKIP CLASS
I liked her, but there are better teachers. Shw knows how to teach.
Awesome Lady. No exams, just short essays and a paper. Very Interesting.!
VERY nice lady and you can pick your own topic for the papers
I had heard negative things about this prof previously. In fact, though, I think we (the whole class) got along well. He was definitely available to help and knew his stuff.
Great professor. Explains concepts and problems very well. Class was very easy, gives out practice exams which are very similar to midterms. Homework is around medium to hard difficulty. Is a beast at wallyball.
Took him in the summer. Helps if you already understand the concepts from high school or READING THE TEXT BOOK. He wound up having to teach us math most of the time instead of physics (that part was easy). Ran into some scheduling stuff by the end of class, and he let me take the final at my convenience. A+ prof where it counts!
Extremely knowledgeable, clear; sometimes moves too fast. very helpful, just ask
Easy class, very helpful teacher. Final project is annoying but everyone gets an A on it.
no complaints. taker her if you can. agree with previous post. microsoft access is terrible no matter which teacher you get.
such an easy class. really annoying projects and really boring lectures, but god is it easy.
Hes a nice guy and he did help me on one of my projects, but hes a really tough grader. I thought I did awesome on my paper and I only got a C. His tests are awful...they're open book but theres 11 chapters to study! And the questions are in random order.
Very cool guy, love his choice of words. Tests were easy, but the most writing you'll ever do. History can be difficult to teach and not put students to sleep but he did a good job.
is a low-talker, impossible to get A on test but curves up at end.
I took this class in my first term at SIU. Dr. Najjar makes it very easy to understand because he's versed painter, and this is his game:)
This class is completely different from his 001:Intro class. Consists of 6 exams, each very hard & of a different format: 1st is memorization of sentences, 2nd/3rd are intense critical thinking, etc. Lectures are more inline with the material than in 001; his stories are fairly spot on in explaining the material.Not an easy A.
everyone who wrote something negative is trippin' he is an excellent teacher, and very informative, pretty damn funnie i thought, he is slightly more edgy than the average teacher and is not afraid to say what he is thinking, and thus offends morons. does hate Suvs, but drives Mr2 and that kix ass!
Very nice and educated man. However, I felt a little dissapointed that instead of leaving more interesting assignments in which we can actually analyze the text and express our own opinions, all he asks is to receive endless summaries of the text.
He is really helpless. It seems like if i threw a stick at him, he would collapse. But he's an okay professor. Pretty easy 3.0
He is really helpless. It seems like if i threw a stick at him, he would collapse. But he's an okay professor. Pretty easy 3.0
Air head but smart. She gets off topic a lot. I wouldnt have wanted to take the class with anyone else though. shes sweet and does everything on web ct even though she doesnt know how to work a computer.
Really nice, I've taken about 4 classes with her.
good prof. if you like more of a non-traditional english class this is it... he does a great job with the class and talks to class about reading deadlines... great class, i was glad i took it, just be ready to read, a lot...
What a sweetie. He tries really hard to make the class useful and understanding. He also understands that the capstone is really misplaced in the GVSU curriculum. He values his students' opinions too. I highly recommend him.
ok let me be honest. this man is intelligent, kind and knowledgable, as well as very experienced in his specialty. Sure, he has his boring moments, but overall, if you attempt to engage the class in a discussion, it can get a lot better. Attractive too..
What a wonderful teacher! I took this course because he was teaching it, and while some of the material was rather dry, he made it interesting! Also his accent was way cool.
Very knowledgeable of subject matter. Extremely fair. Very nice.
She gave me encouragement when I had little hope left. She didn't give up on me when I struggled through school, and I think that encouragement gave me the ability to succeed. I even got an A on my Capstone which was the hardest thing I did at SOU, and the highest grade I recieved there too.
funny guy, good teacher. goes by the Bible and no surprises on his tests(just read the Bible chapters the test is over). explains everything clearly and is amusing, but feel free to sleep during his class. more aware of things than he lets on.
Horrible questions on quizzes--and doesn't know answer himself. However, teaching wise, he's decent. Same as on the test, one clear answer. Just study SARs and generalities. Asks questions in class; be prepared to dig back to inorganic, organic, and biochemistry.
Very nice professor. Lots of reading. Fair grader and VERY helpful with midterm and final studying. Brings candy and food in all the time. Felt like a book club.Lots of talks about use of literary devices. Taking her again!
Professor Doane is a wonderful teacher, it is very apparent that she enjoys what she does. Doane is an Awesome teacher, but I must concur with the notion that she can be a stickler in the way in which she wants the papers to be written. She wants the information that is discussed in class to appear in the paper, so make sure that all is included.
great teacher. shes so nice. she understands what we deal with as students ... very difficult grader, but excellent nonetheless.
A very caring professor. She wants her students to learn and understand. A very smart and very accomplished woman. She has a blind spot or two but anyone who has had her before can set you on the right track.
Thorpe is a friendly and smart guy. Wants you to learn and do well. Gives a pretty broad view on biochem (compared to some of the other profs like Chen). Grading is 2 exams + final only. Should attend lectures to get the little details he tests on, but his review sessions are most helpful before exams. Generous curve, but some people struggle
After having taken 641, I highly recommend this class instead. He truly cares and is extremely helpful. Good curve, avg is around a B.
With more than 40 years of teaching experience,Dr. Parzynski deserves the title of "Master Teacher".His class structure is solid,his expectations are clear and his pedagogical skills are well honed.He keeps his office hours and will help you if you ask,but don't expect him to hold your hand as he sees things in black and white.Best teacher ever!
Make sure your algebra skills are up to date, which is true with all calc classes. Teacher is great. Do webassigns, and do hw, b/c it is reflected in exams. I would def recommend this guy.
Calculus is a tough subject, he makes it as easy as you can possibly make it. I do suggest some group study sessions, but his grading is awesome.
Although he's easily distracted (by himself), he's lenient w/ work so communica
Not a hard professor at all, know the notes and an A is yours
An engaging and interesting lecturer. His lectures were coherent, creative, and memorable.
Dr. Gaut is such an amazing lecturer! He is by far the best lecturer I have had at UCI! He keeps you engaged in class with his upbeat and witty humor! You can tell that he truly cares about his students by his hard attempt to learn our names! However, his exams are pretty challenging! Be prepared to be thrown off by his exam questions!
Very fun professor/lecturer. Keeps you interested during class. BEWARE however because his tests are tricky and his in class pop quizzes are a joke. You get 1 minute to answer a long question that you could probably easily answer in a discussion section quiz. You get tricked and it really sucks especially if you have studied the material
For the most part, he was clear, the exception being on the midterm. Very fun instructor because he made class interesting and fun.
Prof Gaut was the best Bio teacher I ever had...very funny guy, his tests were fair (the curve helped a lot)...I would highly recommend!
Weekly quizzes can be tough for some specially if they do not come from an agriculture background. Exams can be tough as well. Do not be afraid as he curves those and allows for 50ish points in class to be missed and still get A. +extra credit. Book is needed. His lectures are usually very applied to real world situations making them worth while.
Terry was a fantastic Econ102 professor. While there isn't much homework (5 assignments all semester), he really dives in and makes you understand the concepts and how they apply to real life. Tests are made to be difficult, and while I was stressed towards the end of the semester because of the final, the course was overall really good.
He gave really thorough lectures where the problems in class were essentially the same as the ones he would put on the tests. Attendance wasn't mandatory but there would be pop quizzes all the time. He taught the subject well and he was definitely knowledgeable and has been teaching for a while so he knows what he's doing.
Greatest teacher yet. Very clear and goes over stuff very indepth. He has little homework and is the best econ teacher on campus. Essay tests are the low point. he also holds study sessions for every test which is very helpful that most professors do not do
LOVED HIM, Best professor I have had at Iowa State thus far. No complaints; but be prepared to take thorough notes and ASK QUESTIONS! He really does want to see students succeed. No text required-- who doesn't love that?!
I'm still in this class and like the professor a lot. Does anyone have any old exams they are willing to share? I would like to have an idea of what to study and he only provided one example for each exam. I can't find any online. Please provide a link if you know where to find some. Thanks!
Really enjoyed his class and styles of teaching! He makes class fun and reviews the material often before moving on!
He was very clear and fair on tests. You can have him regrade which sometimes it better than the TA doing it.
Excellent Teacher, very knowledgeable, Essay Test Though
Very good lecturer who keeps things moving along. Very interesting. Quizzes tend to be difficult as you take them, but the material seems much easier a week or so after the fact, so focus on studying/hw to stay ahead of the curve. Final was quite difficult, but study hard and there should be a nice curve to help you out. Definetly reccomend.
Very thorough during his lectures, and an obvious willingness to help. Never go into a quiz though without doing the homeworks. People might see mandatory homework as a downside, but I see it as an upside since your not relying heavily on doing well on exams. Labs are easy, just don't do last minute in case of questions.
The best kind of education broadens your thinking, and this professor is exemplary in helping you to do so. He balances literature with art, music AND examples from real life. He knows his subject, and while his teaching style is different from others at CC, you will not fall asleep in his classes.
It's true, you either love him or hate him. He lives to teach, and has an incredible ability to relate ancient literature to things that are happening right now. Class is always interesting and entertaining. This man is amazing, give him a try. You may find yourself irritated and offended, but you may find yourself pleasantly surprised. A+ Prof.
Fascinating class. She cares about us learning the material. Assignments make sense & are part of the learning process. Had to do a group presentation which I hate (who doesnt') but overall, a great class with pertinent, timely information based on the latest research. Fabulous guest speaker.
I took the online version of BA 462 and it was a pretty decent class. The assignments were well laid out and not too harshly graded. The discussion board posts were a breeze and his tests were very comparable to the practice quizzes on the textbook CD. He genuinely wants you to succeed and a little effort will get you at least a B.
Tough grader, but fair. He gets better as the term goes on. Just don't get on his bad side.
Good Prof. Does not require class attendance but expects everyone in attendance to stay for the duration. Always eager to help out, dispite a class size of over 400 he was always available for questions through an online discussion board and responded promptly to postings. Exams are multiple choice and are not difficult IF YOU STUDY the material.
Tom is very into his work and it shows. He loses things sometimes but is mostly always on time and has something new to offer the class. Take it.
Very easy! He doens't teach much, always out of class early. I got a 4.0!
Gives study guides for test. Know the guide, do fine on the tests. Also has 3 projects that are easy As. If not, you can revise and turn them in again.
Dr. Grabowski cares about student's feedback and really wants everyone to succeed. He made ochem bearable by getting the students involved during lectures. It's difficult but doable. Attend class for extra credit, do all the graded HW and all the passed exams he gives you and there's no reason you shouldnt get atleast a B. He curves too.
Grabowski was an easy A in my opinion. He gives over 30pts extra credit, there are three 100pt exams (one a weekly take home), a final that will count double if better than any other exam, and there's an automatic 10% curve! Also, he's highly intelligent, very organized, and overall a very effective teacher. Don't believe the idiot-hype.
Nice guy, helpful. Learning ochem is hard no matter what and you will think he is going to fail the entire class but he'll actually be very generous with final grades (honors only). Very dedicated to helping you learn but is by no means easy. You'll learn things that will confuse the grad students.
He's amazing! You can tell he really enjoys talking about the history of Louisiana even though he's actually not from here. Basically gives the test answers day before the test and no way you can fail this class. Only thing, I just wish he was more clear about due dates.
Explains the information well in class, provides reviews for all the exams, and has extra credit quizzes for bonus points on the exam.
Dr. Liu was able to take a difficult subject and explain its concepts in a clear way by using physical objects and applying them to real world applications. He made a basically boring subject interesting, and really cared about his students understanding the subject matter.
yes, he has an asian accent, but anyone with a brain can understand him...get over it. this guy knows his stuff and teaches it AMAZINGLY well.
I thought he was pretty good...helpful during office hours... his accent is actually entertaining "smoooooove cuvs"
He really only lectures and reads straight out of the books we read. We had 7 books to read as well as a packet of a collection of readings that he developed. Dr. Hahn likes to talk about himself and share his vast knowledge of both English and History. I can understand why people are annoyed by him, but he will improve your writing. 15 page paper
Dr. Hahn teaches with an "old school" method. I took his class in 1999 and still remember some of the material. I liked him even though he was somewhat intimidating. I think I'd marry him if I had the chance:-)
Took me a whhile to get used to his lecture style--he does like to talk. Despite his "old schoolness," the bottom line is that he is knowledgable, kind and competent. I learned a great deal in his class and would entirely recommend it. Make sure your texts are the exact translation he has provided for, or you'll see hi pissed.
Dr. Hahn...A former Sailor who runs a tight, but well maintained ship. I had three classes with him and enjoyed every one. I have attended 4 different colleges in my life and he is the best one yet. Do the WORK (you'll love his Burkian attitude) and it'll be OK.
I really enjoyed this prof! Not a single test or quiz, but you do have to write a few short papers and one long research paper. He kept pushing back the due date for our paper which was nice. Not always an easy grader but he'll work with you on ANYTHING. I'd take him again in a second.
Dr. Hahn is simply a good teacher. I always felt like he me with respect and thought his high expectations were refreshing. Would definately recommend to anyone who came to college to actually learn something.
Not very much work, just a midterm, final, and a paper
I was a freshman and an athlete when I took this class and from the moment I came in she was loud and in charge. After the first fee days I wasn't a fan but she grows on you after a while. Gives quizzes offen. Friday funday is always a blast. But be prepared to study. Overall she is a fun and interactive professor. Would deff take again.
I would highly reccomend Ms. Delgado!! She knows her stuff high and low, and somehow finds a way to make class interesting. Attendance wasn't mandatory, but be sure you're there on days you have quizzes and in class activities!
McBee is the most crazy awesome teacher ever. I hate history classes because there so boring, but McBee keeps you interested. Hes really funny and super nice when you need help. Test are easy, there all written test and some would think its hard, but its not. Make sure to read all the novels, sometimes those quizzes can be difficult.
The coolest. Funny and opinionated. The Jon Stewart of history professors. She could easily be a writer for the Daily Show or Last Week Tonight. Great, easy sense of humor with good lecture material. Lots of notes and class is mandatory, but just show up man and give some effort after class.
The class was almost 3 hours long...so keeping that in mind, his lectures were somewhat boring but he was very good in answering questions and helping out students. In addition to lectures, he also had power point slides and videos to show. Tests are all LONG essay, but thats typical for history.
pretty easy class, 3 tests...all essay questions but he doesnt grade that hard, juss write a lot..a bit of history dork, but good professor.
Great lecturer, knows everything possible on the subject and more. Decent amount of work but overall class is definitely worth it.
she doesn't teach hounds stupid editing and endless crap. the only thing she does well is the extra help
His tests are ridiculously hard. (class average 75%) If you dont do the final paper or attend class often you're screwed.
awesome material, very interesting, fairly easy to follow, very helpful!
good teacher! use the books but she loves what she does and it makes the class so interesting
fun and interesting! great advisor
He used online and blackboard more than the assigned books. The class was on the Civil War and he sent the entire time talking about something else.
Dr. Handron is absolutely awesome. You will not have a better professor at ECU. Yes, he expects a lot but you are in college now folks. There is no doubt in my mind that whatever class you take him for you will thoroughly enjoy yourself.
Okay, I came into this class thinking it was an easy A. Definately not, do the listenings, & study & know EVERYTHING. Tests can be tricky because of True/False format. This class will likely be my only B this semester. It is somewhat fun though, & Garwell is a goofy guy, so youll be entertained
Despite the fact that he is "helpful and clear," I wasn't taken with him. He was pretty dry and you were expected to be there a lot even though it was early and disgustingly boring. He was nice enough but I wasn't that taken with his personality either.
She is really great and super helpful!! She is so nice too!!
I liked McKenna, she made the class pretty easy, but at times made it oversimplified like high school.
Someone recommened her to me after I failed Calc the first time around with Olympia. I found her class soooo much easier to understand, and she was very helpful. I went from F to A.
Really sweet professor. I have taken 2 classes her. Humn class was a cake walk. 3 tests, 2 paper. She changed 2 of our tests into take home papers. you can spark note everything and do fine. everyone got at least an A- on the papers. attendance was only taken to give people extra credit for showing up. class is very boring, TAKE HER FOR HUMANITIES!
Logic. Very intelligent woman. She goes quickly. Sort of seems like she lives in her own mind. Difficulty in class is strange; some topics are very easy and some are very hard. Proofs are not as hard as they look. She's very sweet and accomodating.
She's the sweetest old lady. Brought us Mallowmars and Fruit every Friday. Pretty much just talks the whole time and doesn't ask questions, kind of boring, but she shows videos. Mostly went through Classical Philosophy and some later stuff towards the end. Really knowledgable, very helpful, easy grader. Her Logic class is also great.
Very monotonous. Just read the handouts she gives you, no need to really read the books. If people stop showing up for class, she will take attendance. Not my first choice, but not terrible overall. Went from a 73 on the first test to a 93 on the second. Essays can also be very helpful to your grade.
Edgar has some interesting stories, and great movie clips, but the class was boring, because she would just paraphrase whatever we had to read...there was no analysis on our part, and she did not encourage discussion of any kind..not what I expected from a college philosophy class.
Very friendly, helpful and fair.. Great professor!
Fun, charismatic, passionate about History, continues to learn more and for you to do the same. Never dull class!
His lectures are so entertaining you forget you're learning. Be sure to take very good notes, as he does not supplement his lectures with anything else.
Greg Aldrete is my hero. I took him for War&Civ and Ancient Rome and aced both classes. He knows what he's talking about because he has been where important events have occurred. I hardly took any notes and remembered everything he said because he is that dynamic of a speaker. He makes his classes super interesting, I was never bored.
Professor Aldrete is the most wonderful teacher you could hope for in a humanistic studies/history class. He understands that the subject is more than just names and dates. He understands that it helps to know the WHY. He also understands that textbooks are expensive, so he takes the time to put a course guide together to save us some money.
I took an intro hum studies course & loved it! The exam material is based entirely off lecture, so make sure to attend class. Fun professor!
He was very clear and precise about what was expected and what we needed to know for exams. He made the course very interesting and even showed up one day wearing a toga! I would definately look to take more courses taught by him.
Awesome Prof, made the class as interesting as possible.
Nice guy, but super boring. Class wasn't too hard he is just super boring. Lots of in class work, but once you finish you get to leave. Was never in class for the full three hours.
Nice old man but class was pretty boring. Counts attendance but I missed at least 4 times and still got 9 out of 10 for participation and attendance. Exams are pretty easy, not a hard grader.
maybe a little dry sometimes, but knowledgable, with an understated wit that can be fun. Most importantly, he is fair and reasonable, decent guy.
An OK prof and class, but alot of work. We had to read 6 books ranging from 100 pages to 500 pages. Three papers and three exams. The exams were essay tests. His lectures were semi-interesting, but sometimes almost put me to sleep.
Common the mans name is basil, easy class, some work, A if you work, b if your lazy
It doesn't get much better than J. Wolff. - I had her for Gender Studies (an obvious passion of hers) and it was amazing. Class can be really meaningful if you read what she assigns. Discussion truly sheds light on lots of new ideas. She is interested in you as a person and a student. - Simply amazing. I'd take her again in a heart beat.
No need for the text book at all. Everything he lectures on is in the test. He reviews everything that is on the test the day before. Labs are easy. No penalty's for missing class days.
very good teacher, explains the section very well then assign homework covering that section for every class,offers to help anytime, has a standard grading scale, best math teacher i had yet
He encourages different perspectives! Encourages getting to know other cultures! He over does it with harrassing students, hehe but it's funny! Don't close your mind to his class, I think it's a deeper meaning than what you think.
she is great if you like to write/learn about the same thing all semester
Dr. Sims teaches the secret to success in college:know what the professor wants, and give it to him. Dr Sims tells you what he expects: be resprectful, take good notes,and reproduce the information on exams. He has an increadible amount of knowledge and life experience that is passed on in his lectures...if you take the time to listen.
Good teacher, approachable, will pick out the non-workers in no-time
This class was really tough for me but his grading really helps. He drops your lowest exam out of the first three and you have a group project thats an easy 100. Finished with a B- on canvas but when the lowest grade was dropped and the group project was added I got an A- . Really suggest going to class especially the one before the exam.
This guy is the man! Awesome guy, cake class, 4 tests, drops lowest,even final!
I really enjoyed Mrs. Evans. You can tell that she is really passionate about what she does. She responds quick and is super polite! The only downside is that although she only gives about two assignments each weekend, they are pretty lengthy + having to watch the lectures and read articles + the book. She also has a time limit on exams so study!
Allison is a wonderful inspiration to anyone who plans to teach at this level. She is down to earth and straightforward, without pretense. Allison teaches from a very diverse perspective, emphasizing how little we know about the world. All of the material she tests on is derived from lectures, which are clear and insightful. A wonderful teacher.
Almost made me change my major until I found out others were having a more difficult. I dont think he should teach at undergrad level. he's too passionate for undergrad appreciation. It's amusing when he gets carried away and doesn't stop his lecture 15 minutes after class is over and students in the next class have started to enter the classroom.
Forget the book, just memorize the problem sets... Toughest prof to take 303 with.
She is really cool, but she talks about sex all the time and doesnt really teach anything. Overall its a good class if your just taking it as a Gen ed.
Lectures are vary thorough. It helps if you have taken it in high school, or at least pre cal. The test are in the same format, but study hard because he likes to pull tricky questions. KNOW ARCTAN and eX.
He is an okay teacher, explains good, tests are okay.
Interesting and funny.
assigned lots of reading, and we didn't even get to some of them; she helped me a lot with my research paper; she is a little weird in a way.. too emotional sometimes and used to go bare feet around the room
Super nice professor. I took the hybrid child psych class with her but didn't go to one lecture class since the first day. She just reviews the powerpoints that are already posted online. It didn't effect my grade not going, I think she was just there to help if you didn't understand something. Highly recommend.
she's the best teacher you will ever have. she gives take home tests and the online discussions are really easy. she can get off topic sometimes, but all her stories relate to the material, and they're quite funny too! if you get the chance, take her!
When she came in and switched with DR. Burger, I became one with Psychology. She explains so well and keeps things so interesting. She only came in for the second half of the semester, but I wish she was there from the start. She doesn't open textbooks, but talks about everything in it. Awesome teacher!!
whatta doll. very helpful and bubbly, made class exciting. not stuffy like berger and only tested on what we discussed.
She's so caring and understanding. She goes all out for her student teachers, including early morning bagels, coffee, and fun end-of-year parties. I don't think there's a mean bone in her body.
Easy class. Nice teacher. My first A at Grand Valley!
Very nice prof, would definietely take her again.
lectures are boring but all exam questions are on lecture. don't need textbook but good compliment to lecture matieral. 4 exams. gives possible essay questions before and then you pick one, 4 extra credit opportunities (choose 2 and get half a letter grade increase) hard grader but lets you bring practice essays to office hours, talks FAST
This woman is amazing; thoughtful, intelligent, funny, cunning, straightforward, dynamic, and cool. Lectures are a pleasure, although she does expect high quality work. I love her, lover her, did I say I love her? Run, don't walk to class.
Way too easy...you'll have no trouble getting an A (or a B if you're feeling a bit lazy)...very friendly and approachable but seems to be going out of her way to make sure the men in the class know she's not a crazy feminist...trying to prove she's cool or something???
very passionate about teaching. Knows na lot of info. Very helpful
A fantastic professor, that really makes you think about just where we developed as the human race, and why we think and act the way we do. Funny, nice guy, tests are a bit hard though. Go to study groups, TA was extremly hot.
Ackerman has not patience for fools and slackers. Do not take his courses for an easy grade. However, if you like Anthropology take them all! Key to good grades: think, read thoroughly, argue your points concisely, write clearly (no filler). :)
Very Very very cool guy, he is interesting and intelligent!! quarky, but nice!
crazy but in a good way, interesting material, makes you think
really interesting to listen to, great stories, great review sessions
People who complain simply don't listen to him. Take notes and I guarentee an A
great guy and teacher, must go to review sessions, lecture can be boring
Dr. Dickinson is a very effective and well-spoken professor. He likes it when you show that you are putting effort into his classes by attending office hours, using the math center, and collaborating with other students. However, the course ramps up in difficulty and grading severely in the last month of classes.
Very nice guy/good prf. but sometimes moves fast. Take him
new prof. a little nerdy and overly enthusiastic, but is friendly and helpful.
Almost everyone has to have Jill, and you've probably heard bad things about her, but she's actually really great. Her book is helping you, the student, get ready for real life. If your ready to grow up and be mature you'll enjoy her very much. She has TONS of knowledge and is fun to talk to.
Here's the deal, there are about 5 people at SUU who really enjoyed this class. The difference between those who hate and those who love it is that those who love it go into it thinking positively and realizing that it really is valuable information. You will enjoy the class if you choose to enjoy it. I still use the study methods Jill taught me :)
Cracks funny jokes, explains things wonderfully, relates things to stories of his work experience. Does have difficult test but they are very helpful. Good class and great teacher!
He makes the content clearly understandable and straight forward, which is how I like my math classes instructed. The only thing is you must be present for class because he gives a quiz at the beginning each time.
Prof Gomez is very strict and to the point! Explains well, sometime he speaks too fast, but the good part he follows with examples written on the board. Do your homework, practice home if you are not a "natural" in math 4 more than passing grade, review your notes + book, be on time in class for the quizzes. He wants u to pass but u must want it!
Bad reviews come from those who miss class and expect to be spoon fed. He won't. Lets you decide whats important to you. Works out problems on the board, gives lots of opportunities for grades (online HW, ex crdt, quizzes) Reviews are exactly like tests. GREAT TEACHER! Don't skip & its an easy A! He is blunt which can sound rude. Kinda funny guy.
This is a writing class. You will write papers and do weekly discussion responses. Im a horrible writer and I got an A on everything. JUst try and he will be happy! 2 six paragraphs essays,One(3) page and One(5-7)page, one resume! EASY
Wonderful and caring teacher, can be a little unorganized at times. But she definitely cares and is willing to spend her own time to help students out, she even gives her home phone number just incase you need help with something.
Geog of Wine students: Don't be dumb! This is not a self-paced class, there are deadlines that need to be met. There are enough points available where you could take a week or two break, if, and only if, you use your time wisely. His lectures are brilliant, and this class is definitely what you make it. Made an A by cramming. Ask TA for advice!
I had Boyer for World Regions. The class was entertaining, but also gave me a real appreciation for other cultures, and made me much more aware of world events and leaders. Loved the class and highly recommend it.
Best teacher ever! He makes classes very interesting. Everyone at Tech should take at least 1 of his classes before graduating! :)
Nicole was one of my favorite teachers at UDel. I was in the women's choir. She was an excellent pianist, ran rehearsals very effectively, and everyone always loved her positive attitude. I never missed a rehearsal because I loved that choir!!
never bought the book bc my high school gov teacher taught me well, and he called e out on it in front of the class, his tests are moderate on difficutly level, just study and attend class bc some days he gives you an assignment and tells you to go do it in the tlc. almost all the homework assigments (few) werent given for points. DONT YAWN
Easy A. Goes through the book in class and says exactly what will be on the exam. Have your pen and book ready, and write what he says he will test on. Memorize it. Always finishes lectures early so you can work on the projects. Always says "in this particular instances," so be prepared to be annoyed by that. Lectures are boring, but A's aren't!
He's the nicest man and very helpful with the homework assignments and also tells you what to highlight in the book for exams. would recommend him. I took as a 6-9 but was almost always a 6-8.
Awesome prof. Tells you exactly what to study, and relates it to real life.
I found Mark to be an extremely nice guy. The class takes work but nothing too extreme. Study guides are the same as the exam and you get them plenty of time before to prepare yourself and study. All lectures are recorded online. The whole class points are from 3 exams and 1 paper each 25% of your grade. I recommend him for an easy grade.
Professor Moes is very knowledgable in the field of philosophy. The whole class is just lecture. The exam questions are posted online ahead of time as well. **Print out handouts and take notes on those, it will make the exams SO easy to prepare for** Overall an easy A if you prepare for exams and practice ahead of time.
He was okay, really liked our books. Our grade was basically attendance and 4 short papers, though if you give a good enough excuse, he wont dock you points. I really like this subject, but he just reads the books to you and explain them. The only time I had to read any of the assigned readings was when I had to do the papers, which were very easy.
Took it online and it was a breeze. Put in minimal time and still did well. The assignments were long but you do not have to do every one of them. The exams are just like the practice exams, plus you can bring a cheat sheet to the exams. Recommend this online class.
Very dry and not engaging, but fair, nice, and cares about students. All classes recorded and online. Wish attendance wasn't mandatory. No reading required. Hardly any notes to take since everything's in the book. Overall, would recommend, but bring some coffee.
nicest woman ever!! go to office hours for anything, extremely helpful
Ask questions;it's all he wants you to do.If you do that then the class will be much easier. Office hours are very helpful, hw of moderate difficulty but pretty spaced out. Does plenty of examples but make sure you study everything and 'understand' the material, not just each problem because he will ask something different on the exam.
Overall good guy, is kind of a nerd who has trouble conveying the topic material in class sometimes. Very helpful if you ask him for it. Prompt in his responses to your e-mail. 351 is easy anyway.
we didnt take quizes but i know he did previously.his tests are all ESSAY, SHORT ESSAY, and GRAPHS. no multiple choice. hardcore vocab, went to offive hours but he's so smart that its intimidating to ask conceptual questions because he'll think u dont know your ABC's. i HAVE to go to lectures.
Extremely nice guy, very clear on the material. But the tests are so hard! He puts on too much stuff to be able to remember. I'm understanding everything, but getting a D on each exam. So is everyone else. Midterm 1 average grade 54/100. Midterm 2 average grade 60/100. He grades on a huge curve. The average grade on an exam is automatically a C.
Good teacher, however is very detail-oriented. Hmwk worth more than exams.
Fun & engaging class, challenges beliefs and awareness of issues. Class is laid back, snacks every week. Many events to go to, but all are worthwhile, & paper review due dates are not enforced. Jesus is genuine, caring, friendly, and very likeable. He really cares about each student that walks into his class, and it shows in everything he does.
Very enthusiastic...making it easy to attend the 1 hour and 15 minutes. Attendence is required, and the essays suck...don't take him unless you have no choice!!
grade is based on 3 exams and one major group project. make sure to get a good group and don't wait till last minute to start this project! exams are tough but doable. focus on taking good notes in class because thats what the exams are based on. do well early to give yourself a cushion for 3rd exam. otherwise pretty standard for upper division.
Tyagi is pretty funny and made this rather boring class entertaining. SIT CLOSE TO FRONT as he speaks quietly, has a slight accent, and write small on the chalkboard (no power point). Tests are based on details and not concepts, so do the reading!
hes nice n actually cares whether his students pass or fail. he doesnt give us a huge 10pg paper to do, but he does make us write papers but about some of the chicano art n history in sd and not 5pg or more but on 2-2.5pgs. hes awesome and good looking.
He is pretty laid back. Definitely read his book, Los Braceros, because it's interesting. For mexicano, save yourself some money and check it out at public library. He tends to talk about his family a lot. Tests are somewhat difficult but he will throw out hard questions.
He is Really Funny... if you know your key terms you will pass his class... The test are not very easy but he wants you to pass so you can always work things out... Go to office hours that will sure help you!!
Mr. Jacobo is very passionate about what he teaches...i thought his tests were a bit difficult but the appreciation paper was awesome. readings aren't really necessary but pay attention to the powerpoints and the movies.
Greatest teacher i've had yet. Can really relate to this teacher. Loves to talk about beer. Learned alot about mexican studies. would defintiley recommend this class
Class is pretty easy, and interesting too! :) Take it online.
he must be good, his son is the best!
This Prof is awesome! I didn't F-in care about this theater class but Hey Roger was teaching it and I could do Chemistry HW in the large lecture hall and skim the text theater book later. I got a C; F-in Awesome!
Ok, so I read everyone's comments on prof. ellis before taking his class and was scared because of his bad ratings... you are all so wrong... This guy is Hilarious, and very easy-going, this was the only class i got an A in... take him
He has a fascination with Leonardo DiCaprio, and goes off on tangents.
I would recommend this professor to everyone! He totally sets his students up to succeed and makes it easy to get full points on all assignments. When studying for the tests, I suggest to study the workbook sections, in-class assignments, problem sets, article assignments, previous online quizzes, & sample questions; it will definitely pay off!
He has a mind like a steel trap. Dr. Bemko really knows his history.
What you put in is what you get out of his course. I disagree- he has always been open and pleasant about questions and help for students. They are just bitter because he doesn't put up with anyone's bullshit, which is rare. It's work but much learned.
he is not hard to figure out just ask him. I found when you write assignments for him he gave you many oppurtunities to get a better grade if you wanted to redo your work.
She was not cool. She pushes her liberal agenda.. i remember one class she made us watch a biased doc on the FOX News channel like it was fair. She only wants to hear her opinion pushes back to her. She's not a good person.
She gets to know her students very well and relates very well to us, however, she is incredibly political and opinionated. But she will teach you a lot about public speaking.
nice guy. tries to be funny. gives you a packet which is basically the test!
Great professor. Very eed it, many others don't. Can be rude If you leave her class before she finishes speaking (even if class had ended 10 minutes ago). Very knowledgable of her craft. Has a passion for her students. offers billions of extra credit opportuniities, there's absolutelyNOWAY anyone should leave her class without an A
Gross is a high-energy professor who cares about what she is teaching. The class itself is easy and the content becomes progressively more interesting, though I felt like there was a disconnect in terms of engagement. I took this in-person but something was missing either in the content delivery or the type of work assigned.
Jenny is a neat woman and she definitely made class interesting. It was nice to have a professor who understood that this class is most likely not in any of our majors and so of being really harsh she did her best to make sure we could choose to learn the content in an interesting way without destroying our gpa.
She's very peppy and energecti, but very repetitive and boring at the same time. I find it hard to pay attention in her lectures, but everything is straight forward. She posts just about everything online (slides, study guides, practice tests) before class begins, which is very helpful!!
I highly recommend this professor! Interesting material and she lets you know what will be expected of you prior to each exam.
aww..she was a fabulous professor...perhaps a little eccentric, but i love it...quite sympathetic to the individual needs of students if you ask her....TAKE HER COURSE :)
Take her for this class! She is awesome. Will give you extra credit for showing up some days. Very enthusiatic and likes to have you be apart of experiments. Fun
Clear with what she wanted, study guides and notes are very helpful, nice prof.
very helpful. kept my attention through the class.READ the book!!
Excellent teacher, very contemporary, makes class very interesting
I took AP calc BC in high school and thought this class would be easy but it wasn't! Tough grader esp. since I don't show any work. Made me hate math. One of the reasons I am not doing a math minor anymore (same situation with MATH 243). Good professor overall but homework is annoying. Maple HW assignments are brutual but they are a grade boost.
Came here from Bergman. After that, he was a dream come true.
he makes time for all of his students and gives very far exams
Lectures are boring, but informative, responds quickly and clearly to emails.
A very nice woman. Quirky and fun. Very experienced in the field. Founder of FV program at GVSU. Overall, very cool lady!
This was the movement for theatre course and I learned so much more than I had anticipated. She has a unique teaching style and she is hysterical. Impossible not to adore her. Great professor and course.
Margaret is so, so awesome. I love her like the wide-eyed, hilarious, free-sprited, Yoda-ish grandmother figure I want her to be in my life. Let her download her wisdom and wonderful outlook into your life and you will be much happier and more fulfilled because of it.
very much a theatre person, but a very easy grader
Okay class, not super easy but a B isn't too hard to achieve. Gives good feedback on papers, but is very specific about what he is looking for in a paper.
Amazing teacher... taught me to write. Oh, and he wears the BEST ties.
Great professor. Take as many classes with him as possible. Very passionate and knowledgeable and cares for students well being and success.
Dr. Norris is incredibly knowledgeable. As an advisor, he seems apathetic, but as a professor, he is excellent. I learned more from Elementary Methods than I thought I would, and I feel that I'm better prepared to be a music educator for having taken it. Great prof!
An overall nice guy. Never a discouraging word. Very sensitive.
Good Prof. Very nice, easy to approach. He tells stupid jokes and boring anecdotes, but pay attention to them, they help you remember something that you'll need to know later. Would recommend highly. Hope to take another class with him.
Helpfull. Goes the extra mile. Exams cover what he teaches. Great Prof
She was very nice and tried to make the material interesting to us. Tests were of average difficulty, and there was very rarely homework. She offered extra credit if you needed it.
This was a fairly easy class. Her study guide was very clear and easy to fallow. The exams were all short answer but easy. There was one presentation and a couple small assignments.
The class was boring, prof is a 400 level teacher teaching to nonscience majors
Very interesting class, easy tests and always helpful with clarity.
after not doing so well before, i took her class and got an A. Nice teacher.
While an online class, the class has a normal meeting time that must be met. Lectures are informative and give good information. Daily quizzes make up the most of the grade - no tests or final. Take good notes and read the material and passing will be easy. Getting an A requires a bit more effort but is still doable. Great professors for the course
Pennebaker and Gosling are the psychology dream team. Learned so much in this intro class. Loved it. No tests, just one benchmark (short quiz) every day before class regarding what you just learned in the previous class. Got an A. Can't imagine anyone having a hard time in this class. It can't be more straightforward. Also, no textbook.
He was really cool when I took his class for intro to psy. he had no huge exams, he had tests everyday about readings he assigned and they were easy. This class was a breeze.
The man is hot and I got an A-good class
Dykstra is very easy to listen too and very fun. she expects stuff out of you, but is not going to make you do well, it is your choice
Alot of the tests come from reading the text, not the lectures. Good teacher!
She was so awesome and so easy. I hate math, but she made it bearable. Class seemed to go by quickly even though it was over 2hrs. Every exam you get to use a note card and write whatever you want on it. All of the Quizzes she gives are in groups. I never studied once and got an A.
Best Professor I have had to date. Unfortunately a difficult one with somewhat tricky tests. Lectures and communicates better than anyone I have ever seen. Likes a good joke, and actually cares about students. Grade recieved: A
Hard exams, exceptionally helpful in office hours, dedicated to the students.
In his own words: "I don't understand stupid people because I was never stupid".
He's American! Keep up with the Hw's and read beforehand to better understand.
Do they even still teach CO 300, Assembly Language? Dr. Wolfe is very helpful, but this class was near impossible (for me at least). I'm not sure if Dr. Wolfe is hard or if it was just the material that is super hard. A little of each probably. Good G
I took a night class with him and he was so easy on us. 12 kids in total and it was more of a hang out session than a class. the first test he gave us had 50% of the questions taken from the study guide, but some people didn't do as well as he wanted so the next test was 75% questions fom the study guide. Take him..hes easy
waste of time, attendance and participation gets you an A.
great prof but hard, i think he retired
Nice guy, nice voice, pretty helpful with exercises
Greatest guy ever! Take the honors section if you can
dr.W was a very intertaining teacher, he made the class fun for a dull subject. get the study guide that goes with the text, it made a big difference at test time. i highly recommend taking his class,big classes though, not too much 1 on 1
Dr. Wright's was fun and very informative. His use of personal stories illustrate the lessons he is teaching. I always looked forward to his class.
Challenging course, but lectures were very clear and made understanding concepts a lot easier. Lots of homework and Prof is picky about how problems are solved on exams, so watch out for that.
Edwards is definitely smart and knows what she is talking about, but for FIN 320 that is sort of her downfall. She goes very fast through topics and thinks it should be easy to understand, but does not realize that the students are not grasping it fully. I understand there are only so many weeks, but she tends to go way too fast through material.
Good professor. Most exam questions are exactly like the homework problems. Cheat sheets on every test!
Wonderful professor! She will gladly meet you in her office if you need extra help. Just make an appointment with her. Very straight forward. What she writes on board will probably be on test. Yes, conceptual questions hard, even on quiz, but they do make you think.
Quizes are tricky, Test are a pain, somehow managed to get a C, good prof though
Read book for tests, Curve is huge like a D becomes a B. Nice guy.
He starts off very intimidating, but gets better as the class goes on. He tests are the hardest tests that I have ever taken in my life. He does give pop quizzes which aren't too bad, and tries to find ways to improve your grade. His final is easier.
I took this class winter 2023. When I first started, it was hard. I am an all A student and the first test I took I got a C. The biggest advice I can give you is either make a quizlet, WORD FOR WORD on his packets OR look up my quizlet (alexiswestra4) I ended the class with an A. As hard of a teacher he is, I learned a lot from his teaching/ class!
Awesome professor. He helps when you ask, makes things more clear if you dont understand something. Relates lecture material to every day life.
Dr. Forbes is an incredible professor. I took him for 122 and it was much harder than 121 who I had a different professor for but I think the material is harder. I looked forward to his lectures each week they are so entertaining. Granted, I absolutely love A&P, but I worked for my grade. I made flashcards about every single thing in my notes.
I had Dr. Forbes for lab, and don't regret taking him. At first he seems very strict, but in the end his requirements benefit his students. He expects you to try to memorize everything on the SPOs for each week for a better understanding, and good usage of time in lab. He also provides helpful lab lectures that are required before each lab. :)
He is very engergetic and really knows the topic. Has very good examples that are intersting. The only down side of the course is the information has a large volume for lecture and lab exams.
Makes class very fun and interesting!
Good teacher, talks a little fast at times but has pretty simple (multiple choice) tests. Highly recommended for Lecture!
Had a good sense of humor and explained things very well. Kind of made you feel stupid asking questions. I always felt like I shouldn't ever ask him questions because of the way he looked at me but other than that would definatly reccommed the class!
Very energetic!Compared to the other A&P profs-I would DEFINITELY recommend Forbes.His tests are way easier and his lectures are way less boring than the other profs.The material is difficult,but that is expected in an A&P course. Excellent Prof!
Only sex is more satisfying than getting a good grade on a Forbes exam. Hugely intelligent, impressive & knowledgable, but can be a bit snappy with students 1 on 1.
you'll learn crap-loads!
Great Professor! Took the accelerated summer course and he really has great, interesting ways of helping you learn and retain the information. Would definitely take him again.
No homework or assignments, Just study alot for the test because they are hard. Never opened the book. Just study the sheets he tells you to print off
I would advise taking the same teacher for both courses, that way you already know what to expect. Dr. Long is very clear about what's going to be on the test, just study the notes! It's also helpful to record his lectures, sometimes he moves fast and that way you can go back if you missed anything
Very nice woman, very fair and is open-minded and understanding to personal issues that might affect students. Lectures could be very dull, lots of readings, some very dull. Learned some interesting things, however useless to daily life. One of the better 380 classes to take. I reccomend.
Really intelligent and knows her stuff. Treats students like adults. I felt the readings were mostly interesting, but some of the lectures were a little dry. Best days were the ones involving class discussions and whatnot.
Not a bad professor, very kind and helpful. Wasn't very enthusiastic
Professor Ames is extremely sweet and helpful. However, my int/adv tap class was more of a beg tap class. The combinations reminded me of the dances that I did at age 6.
Fun class, it helps if you know a little about dance before.
nice Prof! except that she must respect Mexicans. Mexicans work hard, are healthy. She thinks all Mexicans are lazy,not healthy, take away jobs from hardworking americans!!! thats unfair..
nice lady, class is really hard at first but gets easier
Very fun intro to comp sci class. Geared toward people who know nothing about coding at all. I knew nothing going into it and learned at a very good pace throughout the semester. 10/10
MU 107 - Online. I took this class accelerated, online. It was a hard for me but I am able to read sheet music. It got easier. Not that much work. I didn't put forth that much effot. Open book, fairly easy tests. Not sure how I pulled off an A. With a little effort, its not a problem class at all. Teacher is nice.
A really great prof. The way he runs his class is different than the other philosophy professors at Calvin from what I've heard. His class is very discussion based and he leaves lots of time for questions and debates. He also doesn't require participation which was great for me because I am a quiet person who just likes to listen.
An excellent teacher. Fair, helpful, and challenging.
I had her for the first part of a hybrid course as the online lecture professor. We had smartbook assignments through mcgraw hill every week with a weekly quiz. Not too difficult. She always posted about her office hours and was very nice.
Nice lady and loved her personality but the online really held her back which I don't blame her for. Lectures are huge so don't miss any, notes will be on exam.
She was an awesome prof! So funny! She'd tell stories/give examples that were so funny and they'd actually help me remember the material. The test are tough but not impossible to do well on. The online assignments and in class activities are fairly easy and she also gave us extra credit!
She is so funny! I loved her lectures because she really kept my attention and I felt like I was actually learning. Her tests are really hard though. You really have to know how to apply everything you learn.
she is so so funny, her examples to go along with definitions help you remember when it comes to the test, mostly because the examples are funny
Great prof....really takes time to get to know students out of class and explain everything well during it. Absolutely amazing.
A really fun prof. She clearly loves what she's doing, and she's v. good at it!
Definitely do not take him. I know many people that have had to retake bio 101 because of how hard is exams are. I studied 10+ hours and still made only a 60. He doesn't not use the bio package at all so don't worry buying it. Attendance is not mandatory.
Teaches it all to you, but the test must state everything ever taught about a given subject. You must be on your game. Fair but Challenging.
BE WARNED~ He is the make or break guy. He has tenure, so he'll do what he feels is "correct". He does curve at the end but it may be like 1 or 2 points or none at all. On one of his exams he always gives you trick question where the answer is nothing.
I loved Professor Admiraal. While it's a little difficult to get used to her teaching style, she knows what she's doing. She always puts an extreme amount of effort into helping each and every one of her students. She does a great job of preparing her students to write at the college level.
Fun, easy class. Lot of homework but easy with attendance and tests
Great, fun teacher. Lots of hw (gets graded), need to do it to keep up.Take him!
Great Prof! Quirky sense of humor, and sometimes you'll wonder if he has Alzheimers or something, but definitely worth taking!
prof. De Kock is the most hilarious old teacher i have ever had. He tries hard to help students understand concepts by telling random stories, and even though they don't always make sense, they make me laugh. And, his Amish beard is totally awesome!
He is such a intelligent professor from Harvard, it's hard to understand how he found himself at Marist. Tough but FAIR grader. Histo is made up of two 30 % practicals, 15 % midterm, 15 % final, 10 % lab report. Lots of time spent in lab outside of class. Any one that loves medicine or science will love this course.
He can be kind of confusing because writes stuff all over the board but this class is all memorization if u don't start early dont' even bother studying the night before. Hard exams have to get used to his exams
My first online class she made it easy took the fear out of it. Very approachable if you need help. Extremely student oriented. Excellent would reccommend her for any classes.
Ann is great! She has a very extensive knowledge of the subject material and is concerned about the students learning as much as they can. Take any class that she teaches!
Professional abilities are good, she lets the class out earlier, and has some extra credit. Overall. would recommend.
Very clear in what she wants and expects from you and has no sympathy if you fail to meet the criteria she clearly explained. Does an in-depth review before every test. Super interesting class that's well worth showing up for. Attendance taken every time and factors into your grade. She will notice if you're late or absent, and will call you on it.
Love/hate thing with her. Tells fascinating stories but is usually rude and seems very disinterested. She is primarily focused on her work outside of teaching. Fascinating person but not the best instructor. Articles written by her are a pain to read. That aside, class is interesting and easy.
He makes learning interesting. His lectures can be diffcult to take note on, the flow isn't intuitive. Taken 2 course with him and I gladly would take him again.
Pop quizzes halfway thru semester. Tough material. Monotonous sometimes so hard to listen to. USE HIS OFFICE HOURS! He may seem annoyed or uninterested but he is more than happy to help and explain until you understand. NO makeup quizzes. At all. Hard exams, incredibly long study guides. Not everything on stdy g is on exam. Kind, understandable.
I had him for lab. The labs are easy - just get them from someone who had the class a previous year.
I've known this guy for years, and he still stuns me in the classroom....did you know that he used to be a minister?? great guy!! he really is in it for the students.
I took Mark for math and thought he was the best math teacher I had ever had. He progresses at the pace of the class, making sure everyone understands the material before moving on. College is not about the teacher entertaining you, its about presenting new material and you working hard to make it your own experience and learning. Grow up!
Very helpful, smart, and understanding
AT first he frustrated me, but after taking three of his classes I feel he made me a better economist. You may not receive an A in all his classes, but i can promise if you really care about learning economics he is the guy to take. As an advisor and a professor he is good he tells it like it is and is straight foreward.Like to learn take his class
This is probably the easiest class that he teaches.
AWESOME lecture! Can not say enough, he's funny and puts a modern twist on old "useless" stuff.
good teacher, explains stuff well, talks fast..maybe the Diet Pepsi..hard tests, study a lot!
Awesom teacher, don't miss class/notes.. easy class if pay attention
Made everything so interesting, specially since it can be hard to understand
Very easy Class, would recomend during the summer 3 tests and presentation...B at the worst
He's awesome! Study hard for test, they are difficult. But, he makes a boring subject almost interesting. Also, it's very important to participate in class discussion! It could mean the difference between an A or B.
Love Bolea, but your grade is composed of 3 exams and one paper. The exams are pretty opinionated but they're multiple choice, so it makes things super confusing. If a bunch of people go up to ask questions about one in particular, he'll just give you the answer so ASK QUESTIONS. Lectures are without powerpoint so make sure to stay focused.
Still not clear how lectures related to adjustment other than our last class about adjusting to inevitable lifelong stress, but I REALLY enjoyed him. So kind and helpful, a genuine person. Lectures were something not used to but it was super easy if you have knowledge of psychology. Look for the big picture in lecture stories. 2 easy exams, 10 hw.
I recommend this professor
I loved the class, Got an A. HE was really nice and funny!I am taking him again in the winter! YAY! Also he is cute!
lectures are kinda boring. tests are all from book material. get practices tests online from book company! huge term paper for class!
Interesting class, nice and helpful professor.
very nice, interesting, easy tests!!
Everyone hates RIT, but this is the easiest prof there is for it. Kinda weird, and didn't come to class a few times (without warning). But it's easy, a blow off. The girl in the front row knew more than he did though.
easier than all the other rit instructors. very energetic and loves what he does.
Highly enjoyed his teaching...tough tests and hard grading but overall learned a lot in his class- he's worth taking
Extremely easy. I hate giving speeches, but still got an A
I did NOT think this class was going to be this GOOD! Get yourself a cup of coffee and don't be afraid to answer his questions! Loved this course! Excellent prof!!
The bad: Unorganized. Look at his office some time. Holds class too long. His diagrams look like a child's scribbles. The good: He is hilarious. Has a downright scary fascination with plants. *Very* flexible due dates. You can turn lab reports in whenever you get done, even if its a week late. Probably my favorite prof. The class is hard though.
Very passionate about plants. Also loves to read poetry/books with lots of description and imagery. Great guy, hands down
People complaining that he is boring need to remember that a prof is not required to entertain you. If pop media has reduced your attention span to the point where you can't even hold focus for 50 min that's your own fault. Very nice man, easiest class I've ever taken, very minimal work required
Academically rigorous, yet knows how to make it fun
great guy, tough grader, makes class intersting.
Great prof! Lots of work but it is all good quality and need to know things in order to be an effective teacher. Wrote me a great recommendation letter for the college of ed!
If you have a hard time understanding math, take her. If not, acts like you are in fifth grade and does about two problems in an hour during class. But answers all the questions.
She was very easy and took the time to explain things when we were confused. She would sometimes treat us like kids with explaining too much, like how to factor and such. Very easy class, I should have tested out and went for 110
Nice teacher, but expects too much. Be ready for awful tests and homework everyday. Always tries to make you think. Acts like she is teaching third graders.
Online. Lecture videos were good, never needed textbook to get As on the exams. The final exam was a little more difficult so study a little extra for it. Not much time commitment required, only took up a few hours a week. No group work.
I'm not a STEM major so the content was a bit harder than I thought. Homework is easy to complete but I narrowly passed the exams (14/20 is a pass). Luckily she gives you multiple attempts to pass each one, so you have more than enough time to get it figured out. Pay attention to the lectures and you should be okay.
Take lots of notes do all the homework and watch the homework videos the homework questions are basically the same as the test questions.
Very very easy class. The whole first section is learning powerpoint which most people already know. She had the text book unbounded to keep the cost down but you can't sell it back so definitely try to find it from a previous student.
every1 has talked bad about jean but she is not that bad.the class is really boring but she gives extra credit for just showing up. i went toclass & didn't listen. she gives study guides for every test. i got a B on the tests & ended up with an A in the class.she doesn't look like a very approachable person email any q you have & she will answer.
I love her! Very energetic and very sharp! Helpful if you are trying... She organizes some neat things (like employers coming to her classes and talking to students, some advising too). VERY clear expectations and assigments. Plus great legs LOL!
Lacoste knows what she's talking about. The subject is extremely boring but she does good with what she has to teach. She makes you turn in your HW and hates cheaters. Puts study guides before tests which have all the info on them. Has fun stories in class sometimes. People hate her because she is strict and enforces homework and hates cheaters.
Don't take her at 8...very boring. You get extra credit for going to class though. (1 point a day) I went and just fell back to sleep to get the one point. I ended up w/ a B.
VERY opinionated, be sure you can back your thoughts up and make sure to participate or she will call you out on it! Always going off on weird tangents, then wonders why we are behind. You will aquire really useless but funny trivia. Don't have to be poet
little on the crazy side, but she def. makes for an interesting class. she's mainly concerned with you seeing your mistakes, fixing them, and not making them again. whether or not you're a great poet isn't the issue. very fun class, lectures went by fast
very nice person. opinionated, but very helpful
didn't like her at first, but got better as i received A's :)
Her mood swings are gone, and she is always happy. Lectures are not perfect, and her notes handouts are just copys of other books, but she does try to make it easyer, and she cares a whole lot more than the other prob and stat professors. Keep in mind, the amount of material and number of formulas will eat you alive.
Great professor, very interesting material, not very difficult. This has been my favorite psych class at UVA, and I'm a third-year psych major. Highly recommended.
I don't know why anone would bash the tests or exam. While not a class that you skip and get an A+, the tests only test prep. needed is going to class and reading your notes. The lectures are worth going to, if for no other reason than they are interesting and Proffitt is fun.
Class gets much more interesting later on, good teacher, makes class fun, tests are not difficult though all q's are open response.
Elzinga is the most helpful and amazing guy out there. He teaches his lectures very clearly and makes it interesting for a person with any major. His classes are only 50 minutes long. I truly enjoyed this class and suggest this for anyone no matter if you are interested in Economics or not.
Elzinga is such a nice guy, and Microeconomics with Elzinga is a class that everyone takes a UVa because Elzinga is legendary! Don't expect this class to be easy though. I never had Econ in high school, and I had to study hours and hours before exams and then I got B's. TA's don't speak good English which is annoying.
Definitely THE professor to take ECON 201 with. Lectures are often funny which makes class enjoyable. Micro is not really my thing and sometimes I left class without feeling like I learned a whole lot, but that might be expected from a principles class. Still, Elzinga is a really nice guy and great at what he does so I definitely recommend!
Elzinga is very clear and the actual class is not that difficult, however be sure to study hard for the final because it was more difficult than people expected it to be!
Professor Elzinga is amazing. His class makes you look at the world in a whole new (economic) way. Pay attention to the clicker questions...they tend to mimick the final. His unit tests are purely applications to the principles of economics and can be occasionally vague, but they're not that bad. The examples from the lectures help you understand t
strongly recommended. you may not learn too much about economics but elzinga is a very inspiring lecturer and he really teaches you what he calls "the economic way of thinking". his exams are not that hard as most people say. test materials are usu in the text, apart from the part after the 2nd test (income)
Saving grace was the final exam. TAs were overly picky with taking points off of the midterms. Elzinga is a good man.
Ms Beck is THE best calculus teacher I've ever had, and although i'm just not good at calc in general, she helped me understand most of it and was always there to give help and always had a new way to explain things so everyone can understand
I was fortunate to have Prof. Keaney for ENG 325. She prepared us extremely well for future classes. She expects hard work (don't be absent, and expect frequent quizzes), but you get your money's worth in this course. In one-on-one meetings, she is warm and engaging and will help you improve.
My grammar has never been better. However, none of my papers received an A. I did learn a lot about grammar, and good grammar makes my writing better. She taught me what all my other English teachers did not stress. Even though I expect a less than perfect grade, I'm glad I took it. It's exactly what I needed, not wanted.
Wonderful professor, best I've had yet! Will always rememeber her and look up to her. Tough teacher, but really helps students learn and understand. learned so much from her class, will definitely take any other classes offered that she teaches!
Prof. has his own textbook which I thought was great because it is almost identical to lectures. The material is pretty similar to psych 1010, with emphasis on certain topics. His tests were easy, but I always thought that his lectures were a bit unstructured and hard to follow (the textbook was my bible). Super nice guy and very accommodating.
Great lecturer - really funny. It is important to take notes on what he says but isn't on the slides.
He's legitimately a hilarious guy. The best thing to do is attend lecture (they're usually very interesting and always funny), take notes only on what isn't directly in the powerpoint, read the book a couple days before the test (it's not too bad), and be prepared for some tricky (but doable) test questions. Very well taught class.
He was so funny and made lectures so fun to attend. Great professor!
Class material would seem somewhat boring but Willingham makes class amazing! Hilarious lectures. 3 tests and final, lowest of 3 tests dropped. You will have to do some studying though.
Good lectures, textbook was surprisingly bearable. Tests were very detailed though, and his "study tips" were basically to study more. Definitely recommended but don't expect an easy A.
Great professor.If you are unsure whether you want to pursue the Architecture major or not, this class may not be for you.Peter compares architecture to paintings and nature and creates genius connections between them.Only those that try to think deeply on his level will understand him.Others that dont try will just think that the class is useless
Are these UVa kids rating Peter, or maybe Tech transfers? This class is not for E School or Comm School numbnuts, frat boys, or PreMed type a freakshows. This class lays it down for those entering the creative field of architecture. That means it is ambiguous and difficult and self-directed. No motivation and interest = you will struggle, and do poorly. Don't be fooled by the 101 tag - if you want easy see Anthropology 101, with the jocks and rugby folks. Peter seeks to inspire
Are these UVa kids rating Peter, or maybe Tech transfers? This class is not for E School or Comm School numbnuts, frat boys, or PreMed type a freakshows. This class lays it down for those entering the creative field of architecture. That means it is ambiguous and difficult and self-directed. No motivation and interest = you will struggle, and do poorly. Don't be fooled by the 101 tag - if you want easy see Anthropology 101, with the jocks and rugby folks. Peter seeks to inspire
Are these UVa kids rating Peter, or maybe Tech transfers? This class is not for E School or Comm School numbnuts, frat boys, or PreMed type a freakshows. This class lays it down for those entering the creative field of architecture. That means it is ambiguous and difficult and self-directed. No motivation and interest = you will struggle, and do poorly. Don't be fooled by the 101 tag - if you want easy see Anthropology 101, with the jocks and rugby folks. Peter seeks to inspire
This is not the guy to take if you just want to spit back what is needed to pass. He'll pull your brain out, massage it, and then it's up to you to put it back in. Folks, isn't this the time to expand your view of this world? Go with an open mind and you'll have memories and concepts for a lifetime. I did.
Was in no way as interesting as i expected. bring coffee to class, as lectures are not terrible but verge on boring. attendence a must. tests are extremely difficult, all essey. several times when i basically got the answer right she would put no comments and then just randomly give a B or C+. write as much as you can on each question. tough grader
lectures are a joke & BORING! went to the first 3 lectures & stopped. he elaborates too much on some topics & not enough on others. i got an A reading the bold words of the book & the ch summaries. exams ?s straight from the book. final is easy. all exams weighted the same. extra credit.
Best Class I've ever taken! Lectures are very hard to take notes from because he talks so fast. Just do ALL readings!Discussion sections really helped alot, so get a good TA. Exams cover insane amounts of material, but they are on such interesting material that its worth it. Movies every friday that are sometimes disturbing but always informative!
TAKE THIS CLASS! makes you think. childress is great lecturer...a little all over the place...but very prepared and insightful. he wrote the textbook!
not a particularly bad prof, but can get quite boring at times. however, movies on fridays and interesting subject material (cloning, etc.) in addition to having a great TA can more than make up for the occasionally boring lectures.
Great professor! Very knowledgeable about the subject and is very straightforward in lecture (almost always got out about 10 minutes early). Lot's of reading but he goes over the important passages in class. Good class for a literature credit or to learn interesting things about the ancient Greek world
Wonderful professor, really excited about Greek history, a little quirky though and tests are in depth. But overall very nice and helpful.
Best teacher ever! Easy class, easy exams, easy A!
I was a little apprehensive about taking this class since history is not my strong point. After taking this class with her I can say that I have never enjoyed history more. I had the pleasure to be in her discussion section as well as lecture and I was able to see how personable she was and how much she cared about her students. Great Professor!
Essay tests and short answer tests, but not bad. Watched The Patriot
VERY Helpful, fun, makes you enjoy math
Expects you to work for your grade, challenges your thinking. Excellent teacher
Great guy and always so cheesy that it's funny. Teaches with enthusiasm. All lectures are on course capture so no need to attend class. Quizzes weren't too bad, find previous quizzes to practice and memorize. Exams were hard but you could pass by memorizing the old ones and practicing them a lot.
He is the man. He persuaded me to go to this school when i visited after applying and he has lived up to his part of the bargain. He explains everything in great detail and gives definitions that are impossible to misinterpret. Love this guy and the material.
SURVIVAL GUIDE. Class very optional. Go to the help sessions rather than class. [DONT BUY THE BOOK i never opened it, ONLY PSI GUIDE] Study the old tests and quizzes, so you are studying efficiently. Got an A with about 4 hours of work weekly including class time, help sessions, and studying. I see no point in going to class or watching the videos
excellent prof! went off on tangents about the "good old days" a lot...very wise and good to talk to and very interesting! don't bother w/ a text book you never use it...his psi guide is great and MAKE SURE YOU STUDY FROM IT! all of his questions look like the ones in there! weekly quizzes & killer exams! if you work really hard you'll do well =)
Nice guy, very understanding when you have a problem. Wants to see everyone succeed. Practice tests will save your life!
talks a lot about himself, do practice problems be4 exams, lots of memorization
Nice guy, watch out for module exams though, hard if you skip class. Hard work
He is nice, and very helpful with the homework assignments(there are only 4). He also makes class very interesting with his experiments.
GREAT CLASS!
very knowledgeable and approachable, but I do not like how he includes IDs on tests- too narrow a focus on details while largely not testing on major themes and dynamics
Janke is an amazing professor! He loves and cares deeply about what he teaches. The stories and jokes he provides are priceless. His presentation style is what sets him aside from other professors. Take as many of his field trips as possible! I highly recommend this professor!
He's really cool and understanding. Very passionate about land conservation. Interesting discussions and cool pictures. Made me appreciate landforms.
Great class, basic memorization. This class helps you in all your other science classes by understanding the root of words, just like taking latin in high school, really gives you an edge over others when it comes to studying medical-related things in the future. Don't get behind testd deadline. Easy class for summer
Professor Fraser and the TAs made this class not only tolerable but truly enjoyable. It was an incredibly challenging year, but despite it all I feel that the work I put in was valuable and the class was worthwhile. This class will be HARD WORK especially 2nd semester. Choose easier classes alongside it. I worked 15 hours on just Orgo some weeks
She is super cute and sweet. Young, pretty, and very helpful. Laid back but gets stuff done.
"Great paper, had a good introduction and the conclusion seems to wrap it up nicely, I would give it a C" -She's a good prof and helped me get an A
She was a terrible prof. but she was cute and her class was easy
Carmen!! definitely my favorite teacher at UD by far. the work itself may not be the best, but she makes the classes fun and is always fun to joke around with. i'm not even a spanish major or minor and i'm going to costa rica with her in the winter just because she's the teacher running it. def go for carmen i highly recommend it!
she's nice even if she teaches straight from the book...
She's nice, relaxed, and fun. Take her.
The somewhat challenging material and the unapproachable personality of the professor make this a difficult class. But he means well. Underhill is quite honestly the most intelligent professor I have ever taken. but he demands that you think!!
Good teacher, especially knowledgable about engineering failure and materials failure. Good class
Friendly, down to earth, and interesting.
I enjoyed the class- he did a good job presenting materials that are controverial to those outside the field of sociology. It is very important to go to all his lectures, and take advantage of his study sessions and "Convenient Guide to an A on the Midterm/Final Exam"
Good lecturer, not too hard of a class
a great course to help you be open-minded; Kingston presents a variety of perspectives in a concise and clear manner...great course
Tests were super hard and made me lose interest in the topics. This is not an easy booster class.
I LOVED his class... however; I did not do well at all. I blame that on not studying often enough, not on Whittle. I loved his teaching style and the way he engaged his students. His lecture slides are online and very detailed with needed graphs and diagrams. Plus, he's ENGLISH!
Three papers only except the last one was 30 pages. Lots of notes. No tests.
Excited about material,like students, eager to help. Interesting material.
The class was "sleep-time," i.e. pretty boring. Test were easy, though.
Great professor in general, teaches a very wide range of subjects. Please don't get intimidated by all the negative ratings, his lectures are easy and straightforward, however his homework is fairly HARD. But he encourages people to work in groups for the homework (no pledge needed) and if you ever get stuck, be sure to go to his/office hours!
Prof Reed is a brilliantly great guy who is really passionate about his area of expertise, which makes his lectures interesting. But sometimes the lecture content can just go right over your head, and there is no textbook. Go to lectures, listen, take notes, and ask questions. Also the homework will consume your life.
Great lecturer, always prints handouts for us, very well organized. To the point. Knows her stuff! Pays attention to students and really cares about them. The best prof and advisor EVER! :)
hands down the easiest class i have ever taken. and i'm not joking when i say that we only had class on average once a week. more than ever, he would cancel the day of. "my cat is sick, i can't make it." "i'm tired from the weekend." every excuse possible. but its easy, and if u don't understand something, he'll explain it. EASY A. do it.
Excellent Professor - learned a ton. Tests we hard but curved at the end.
Hard Tests, Keeps Lectures Interesting, Nice guy really cares about students,
Great guy, easy on grading but expects you to fully understand concepts.
great teacher, explains well, expects u to know material & great grading system
The easiest class I have taken. Ever. Enough said.
wilson is a grate professor but hard to understand. he talk about stuff in class thats not related to the exam. to get a god grade study the old exams. put all the essays on your cheat sheet, always the same essays. I was happy in his class, he was nice to me and so helpful.
Thick accent sometimes hard to understand, but really awesome to have as a teacher.
I took her online class and I would definitely suggest it. You just read from the online textbook from McGraw Hill Education and take reading checks (participation not accuracy) and exams at the end of the unit. I recommend printing out the study guide notes that she provides for the chapter and filling it in as you read so you have the notes.
she's very inconsistent in grading, and doesn't admit when she's wrong
She is really into what she does. She loves teaching and she will let you know that. Its a fun class, can get a bit annoying at the end. Very child-like atmosphere. Two midterms, a cultural project, and some small projects.
not easy, but interesting. tough assignments, grading depends on TA
I was 5 weeks behind at one point, and Biby allowed me to make up all of the work. I had an issue with my technology and she completely understood. Later in the semester, none of my work submitted because I was unknowingly working offline, and she completely understood. She gets frustrated but is willing to bend to help her students get on track.
She's really sweet and understanding. Took her accelerated course and she was quite thorough with the amount of time she was given to teach. Accelerated course was very homework heavy only because it was done in 8 weeks. One big project thats easy, just don't procrastinate on it. Exams and quizzes relatively easy if you pay attention + read content
Professor Biby was always available and helpful during her office hours. Many times I felt that additional help was needed after watching her lectures. There is quite a bit of time involved in completing assignments and quizzes. Be sure to start the literary essay as soon as possible because it's time-consuming.
One of my favorite professors. Off the wall nuts and uses alot of real life examples. Easy enough concepts and extra credit on exams is stuff in the book she didn't teach. Offers alot of extra credit and hw every week to boost your grade up. Def recommend.
Fun stories & made it interesting. I stink at word problems but I think I'm getting a decent grade. Test are difficult but there is an opportunity for extra credit.
Nice lady with an interesting personality (in a good way). Keeps class interesting and you know what she wants from you. I took her for micro and I switched to take her for macro
Very helpful and makes economics understandable. Must study and do assignment to do good though.
Very nice, good/easy class to take tests are easy, not much out of class work!
Nice guy. Took as an hybrid class & the work load frightened me when I read the syllabus, but it was actually really easy. For a 300 level online class it had a usual amount of writing assignments but I think most were just graded as a credit. Super easy to get an A. In class days are long and boring but there were only 3. Case study was kinda fun
Very easy, very boring, whines a lot about No Child Left Behind
She was the sweetest and most caring professor. I got an A- in the course, which I think I deserved. She always gave good feedback and basically gave me all ideas for the midterm and final paper during her office hours. Not too much homework. If she fits in your schedule, definitely take her because her classes get filled up pretty quick!
She's awesome. She's really passionate about writing and literature, and really cares for her students. We only wrote 2 essays in the whole semester. Workload is extremely light - just readings and journals every other day. Highly reccommend her.
AMAZING professor. She loves what she is doing, and you can feel it. I loved writing for her class-- I looked forward to writing essays for her. Maybe if I wasn't a writer by nature I might have felt differently, but even so, her class is not hard at all. A very manageable workload, and it just so happened that the readings made me want to write.
Very sweet woman and is extremely passionate about jazz. Nina is very approachable and is the kind of teacher who you can just talk to about anything. My only complaint was that she never returned our work and posted the final grades more than a month after the final was due. But overall if you like jazz and live music, definitely take this class.
Great prof and even greater guy. No book is required so the powerpoints get a little boring at times but definitely take this professor.
Teaches what you actually need to know! No trick questions on the test, its stuff everyone should know and just simply look over your notes a bit and ur good!
He makes class fun, and tells cool stories about his cop days. The material is easier to understand, also.
Kevin's crazy but cool. Mineralogy is a hard class but he made it really fun.
Nice guy, shows too many slides. I'm not a big fan of geology, so...
She was very interested in her student's success. She LOVES teaching, so she's ideal for an ED prof. and she gives a ton of practical tidbits aside from the actual course content that seemed like the "I wish I had known that then..." kinda stuff that she just tells you out of her own experiences. She's a master educator.
Very interesting, eccentric woman. Passionate about her subject. A bit unclear and subjective with grades. Some things on the tests weren't clear from notes she gave and she didn't care to hear your side of the story. BUT, I really liked her and the class, though I thought I should have had higher than a B...
Amazing! She is only concerned about class achievment. Class chooses due dates etc. Mid-term is take home and there is no final. Lots of outside work but not too hard.
She knows a lot about Russia since she is from there. Her experiences and excerpts from the book make the class very interesting. Learned so much from this class-wish we could have taken a field trip..hahaha :)
Very nice lady
Really fair, and very helpful. Hard grader on certain parts of your papers, but usually only one or two parts. Lets a lot get by. Test are very long, but not too difficult, the final was tought though, make sure to have real world examples ready for every exam question!
don't be lazy...
Great prof, ready to help for any reason. Having a music background helps, but very easy if you've had any music before.
Wonderful teacher...always helpful. Probably not for those who don't plan on doing anything with the theory they learn. Not easy, but useful if you are a musician seeking to become better at what you do.
Great lady. A little personall but good at what she does. You might have to read between the lines when she's talking, so listen and take notes.
The best advice I can give for this Professor is to sit towards the front of the class, and listen. Her lectures on the myths that I knew offered an interesting viewpoint about things I never thought about before. She loves different opinions so never be afraid to just speak up. After her class I ended up switching my major to Classics!
Yes the course was difficult, but it is an honors course. Lots of reading, having an interest in the subject definately helps. Would reccomend taking either Greek or Latin (Latin especially for the following semester) if truly interested in Classics. Dr. Rayor has favorites (what profs. dont?), but favoritism is not reflected in grading. Take her!!
interesting, wants her students to learn, hard grader on papers
Nice and helpful, explains things, though there's lots of work, mainly reading.
I love this teacher...mostly because I don't know him! Everything is done on WebCT...I went to the first two classes of the semester and haven't gone back since. VERY easy...not difficult at all to get a perfect score.
Enjoys teaching, meaning he wants you to learn & will do his best to help you understand. Uses Prf. Glass' tests (obligation?) but will give you an indepth review b4 each exam telling you what is & what isn't important (VERY helpful!!) gives bonus points for perfect attendance. Goes off on tangents but always relates it to the topic. (Insightful)
Excellent teacher, does tutoring for all accounting students, will go all over campus to find the materials to help you. Follows the MCC grading scale, attendance not madantory, but bonus 3% if you have perfect. Would recommend to anyone..Difficult tests for a difficult subject!
Really nice woman and easy to understand. Her tests were way harder than what she taught in class though! Fortunately, she always curves.
great teacher, tests made my brain hurt, good lecture notes
She was easily my favorite professor so far. I hate history but she made it interesting. Although I honestly rarely listened to her lectures and I have not read any of the material she's given us, I have passed every test with at least a B, THEY ARE SO EASY. She's flexible with extra credit and let us turn in assignments late when sickabsent.
Textbook use is high. I never bought the main textbook, but I did have to buy the Kevin Fernlund reader, and the MLK/Malcolm X book for the 3 papers. Grading: 2 exams, 3 papers 5-7 pages each.
cute, great teacher, kinda tough,teaches while doing gymnastics stretches!!
Tests are all lectures didn't have to open the book once
I loved Professor Stephenson as a person. Her teaching style, however, was not my favorite. Beware, you WILL have one or two quizzes every week. You cannot recover those quizzes if you miss class. She also uses the "flipped" classroom format, where students learn the material at home and participate in class exercises. It can be tough.
Prof Stephenson was great at getting stats concepts across to the class. Being a class using only engineering examples and methods, she taught very well the subject.
Hard tests, extremely nice and helpful. Not at office hours on time. Very Nice
Nice guy, assigns way too much reading, helped me a lot on the research paper, will work with you
Very helpful, makes class material interesting.
Professor's very nice + helpful. Subject's awful!If you want to take it for GE, DON'T!I felt that the subjects studied r practically useless.Tests r very hard, you r not allowed to use notes or take a cheat sheet, no extra credits allowed.He gives you a list of possible questions but they r too many
His class's so good, you'll want to change your major
Prof. Delph is an amazing professor but honestly would care little about our ratings. He loves teaching and loves the material he teaches. He expects students to be prepared and doesn't baby them. However, you will achieve a level of knowledge you wont acquire elsewhere. Taking his classes is always a pleasure.
Delph is an AWESOME professor-- for people who actually want to learn and won't slack off on the work. I took both lecture and online classes from him. They were both fairly difficult, but also interesting enough so that I stayed engaged and motivated the whole semeseter. I got straight A's in his classes. Definitely want to take more from him.
The prof is fine, and welcomes comments during his thought-provoking discussions. BUT, your grade is based on only 4 assignments (3 tests & a paper), so if you **** up on one, you're screwed. And yes, very picky.
really nice guy, questions on tests don't make sense, u will fail tests
Cool guy, pretty helpfull, but not the easiest teacher, or tests
Good Prof but tests come straight off website he gives you at beginning of year
If you need help he'll actually stop you after class and offer it without asking
a bit quirky, but that made him fun! material was boring, but class was not bad
He really helped me understand the material after struggling through the first half of the course.
he will be missed! loved him as a professor
SOOOOOOO much time must be put into this class. The amount of time spent on homework and papers is insane. Overall kind of an annoying person. Interesting class but just drags on lessons.
she treats you like you're in 2nd grade. pretty easy but lots of reading
Very easy prof;very helpful;class is a joke
Tough on the outside, but a nice person and definately knows her stuff. She takes everything very slowly and outlines EVERYTHING in lecture slides. Teaches material with close attention to important detail and goes pretty much with the book.
He took on the first ever section of this class and did a great job... he is so enthusiastic about everything we do in there! His dorkiness kind of grows on you. :) He expects a lot from his students but makes it clear exactly what he wants. Great prof!
Very funny and very cool
Good prof. just do the work! looks like Tim Robbins a little.
She is really nice and her overheads are clear. Her exams on the other hand are not so clear. Some of the questions are extremely tricky and there are only 25, so if you miss 3, you are down to a B.
nice lady, good teacher.. little wierd and funny at times but over all a good class.
Well-structured lectures, good outlines, very interesting and knowledgeable
Overall Dr. Lessoff is passionate in his teaching. Grades included four papers, two done in class. Alongside a textbook with a launchpad there were three other books. I did not read the last one which was related to the final and still received an A on the paper. Overall a great professor and his lectures help with papers.
Nice guy and extremely helpful but TERRIBLY BORING CLASS. You get through one powerpoint slide in 50 minutes and he doesn't even talk about it. He goes on tangents and rambles on about stuff that doesn't even matter. I stopped taking notes 2 weeks into the semester.
Very nice lady and a fun class
Very lecture heavy but interesting. Has discussions every week switching off between groups. All the dates for when your group has a discussion is in the syllabus. Has a few bigger papers throughout the semester, but i would say overall he is an easy grader! Super nice and understanding.
Overall he's a pretty easy professor & he's usually available during office hours to help with papers. The one gripe I have about him is an over-emphasis on Native American history during a class about Revolutionary America; I'm not saying this part isn't important, but the amount of time spent on that vs. the American Revolution was pretty large.
Not intimidating at all, friendly and makes class a minimal stress thing. Very understanding and helpful.
Super helpful and cool. Very knowlegable but not annoying about it. Sort of nervous sometimes. A great guy.
A nice guy, and an interesting topic. My only complaint is that his lecture is somewhat loose. Later in the term he started giving out lecture notes that helped. Class assignments are reasonable. Knows his subject very well.
Really great guy, new way to learn history (no textbook), tests are tricky
nice prof, boring class, tests can be tricky
The man.
Very interesting. Often disorganized, but a genious teacher. Read the entire text. Tests not difficult, one paper, one debate.
I really loved going to class, even though I'm completely clueless about Poli Sci. Dr. Campbell encourages debates and really makes it a discussion based class. No tests and three papers with an optional final, and the papers are very doable. Great Colloquium!
Great teacher. Funny guy - taught through discussion, sarcastic remarks, and some movies. Didnt even buy the books for the course, just show up at class. Easy tests, all mult choice. Very knowledgable. Mixes history with current events, great class.
Not bad. Would take again.
I missed five classes and still got an A...good lecturer
Amazing teacher, I would take all his classes if I could! Very simple lesson plan and still very interesting.
I did not read a single book. I spark noted everything and went to every class. Having a general idea of the stories in addition to class discussions that are super interesting you should do fine. The stories are actually very interesting and class discussion was very good. We watch a bunch of movies. I would definitly take Panda again!
Not an easy class. HW every other week. Really takes much time to finish it. If whole class did not solve it, he will assign this problem again next week. No curve at all. Half of the class got B and below.
she's a difficult grader but very knowledgeable, understanding, and helpful....I'd definitely suggest taking collections with janet!
Prof. Tefera really understands math and is extremely helpful if you need further explanation during his office hours. Provides pre-tests that are nearly identical to real tests so not as tough as others say. His English is definitely good enough to teach math. Overall, a fine teacher. Bravo, Akalu!
Hard to understand, and a very difficult grader. But allows retakes on all tests to recover some of your grade, and is really enthusiastic. Has optional pretests that are nearly identical to exams. Daily homework assignments out of book get annoying fast though.
Very helpful and cares whether you understand. Accent gets better with time.
you will get use to the accent. very good, amusing! gets excited alot
VERY EASY CLASS!! got an A on the tests, gives like 3 extra credit quizzes to boost grades, kind of hard to take notes on her slides but she doesnt go in depth much. Easy gen ed to take because she tests on surface material
I enjoy class with Professor Galbraith. She's an anthropologist, so her lecture tends to gravitate towards indigenous or victimized cultures. I find it easy to take notes off her speaking lectures. Hardly uses the computer, and somewhat organized. It helps to type out the notes in an outline form, so you can organize them yourself. Very nice.
Very nice professor.He course is easy yet very insightful. However, she tends to be boring during lectures.
She did a great job of teaching what we needed to learn, not too hard either.
I enjoy class so much more when I have intelligent professors and Dr. Cole is definitely one. I'd probably add him to my "call list" if I were on "Who Want's to be a Millionaire?". The class was pretty easy with moderate effort but the 50 mult choice final had the most random questions. It took my A to a B+. Nice guy and interesting class.
great prof and great friend, be prepared to work though
He's tough but a good proffesor- easy to talk to and does care about students
Hey P Where did YOU GO???? If I loved photography before I really loved it more after learning from Pricilla. Take this class to fall in love with light.
Had her for a half a semester and she was a little good and a little bad. She has a weird way of grading and you'll probably not understand the assignment until the day of critiquing but you can always improve on it before you officially submit for grading (sometimes!). Her teaching ways are little out of it and she's usually unorganized for class.
Dont get me get me wrong I loved her class but god im terrible at tests. theres no homework and your grade is based ONLY on 4 tests and 4 quizzes. DO NOT TAKE IF YOU ARE BAD AT TEST TAKING.
Online lectures posted for each exam. 3 midterms and a final but the lowest midterm grade is dropped, you cannot drop the final exam. Homework assignments every few weeks, the quizzes are really easy but two of the hw is writing responses which aren't too bad. Tests are straight from lectures and not too hard
By far my favorite teacher that I have experienced at State. Well-knowledged in Oceangraphy as her slides do not have all the information because she wants you to listen in order to get the full grasp on the subject. No homework. Since there is no homework that means that studying for the exams is pertinent. Clicker questions are frequent and easy.
I really enjoyed her as a person but she was a tough teacher! All her exams are based from the book but she gives you all the information and it is up to you to study. Her syllabus is direct and she refers you back to that anytime you have question. Overall, the class was good but the labs had more math and conversions than I expected
Great class to take for your science GE. Although you do have to put time into studying (the tests were long and detailed - over 60 q's), it is all material take from her lectures, sometimes word for word. Clicker questions also appear on tests/quizzes. She's a funny professor and knows a lot about the subject, plus the lowest exam score is dropped
I absolutely love coming to her class. She does clicker points, there's clicker points make up day the last day of class. The labs are 2 hours long but you leave very early if you finish your assign. I'm actually taking her natural disasters online next semester. That how much I enjoyed her class. DON'T USE TEXTBOOK, SHE EVEN SAYS IT!
Amazing professor! I love Sacramentogrilo, she is so insightful and really funny. I really recommend taking her Ocean 100 class.
Powerpoint lectures is what you need to pass her exams. Barely used the book. She makes jokes, expresses how fascinating geology & natural disasters is to her. Almost every natural disaster we covered this semester, ended up having that type of event occur locally or around the world a day(s) after her lecture (like the recent earthquake). Weird.
She is funny and makes her class interesting. Her lesson presentations are extremely well laid out and to the point. What is taught in class is what is on quizzes and tests- no surprises. Although there's an immense amount of subject matter, it is taught so efficiently that there is little need for homework. Great class, great professor!
Pretty easy class. exams are straight from lecture, no need for book. few online quizzes in which questions reappear on exams. also a few online assignments that are pretty easy. final cumulative. DOESN'T accept any late assignments. my bad for forgetting to do one.
She was a really fun teacher.. she gets really excited about the subject and makes going to class less painful. She has a thick accent and makes fun of herself a lot which is very entertaining.
I never bought a book for this class but she'll remind you of Roxana Smarandache. A lovely accent and a great professor. The easiest parts of her class is her term paper and final because the question on the 1st 3 will come back and taunt you.
nice lady easy to pass but must work hard to get A in class... test are on notes, do not need book.. just study note will do fine, send test hard...
Easy class but have to attend class because tests are based on lectures
Her tests are easier than Abbott's, class is more interesting; very funny.
The subject and information was good. It is taught well with good study guides. There are pop quizzes but its all fair. This is not a class where you can skate by. Only the LAZZY students find it HARD!
Prof was funny, entertaining, taught you a lot about behavior mod.
His accent makes you listen very carefully. This allows you to get the most out of his lectures.
Likeable :) Must read book in order to survive class. Tests can be tricky.
Easy class but boring as all hell. Simple class, teacher is easy, but very boring.
easy, talk to him, boring lecture
Great lecturer! Very interesting class, with many interesting stories from his experiences in the field. All exams were multiple choice, but still very difficult. I read all the material, took good notes, and got an A.
Very good lecturer, tests are wacko.
Ilvento has taught STAT200 asynchronously for several years, so adjusting to COVID was not a problem. The class is organized and he allows several weeks to watch lectures and do assignments. Some assignments have 2 attempts. Kind professor but can be difficult if you've never take statistics before. Answers questions promptly.
Buy the textbook and you won't have to watch his lectures (they're long and rather repetitive, and also through Powerpoint which is annoying). Other than that, the course is pretty straightforward. Take it online and you can put off work till the week before it's due and get by fine.
100% take the online class if you can. all the assignments are due on the same day and he gives you like 3 weeks to do them, even lets you take some of them twice. exams arent bad especially if you take them with a few people. very pass-able with minimal work
TAKE THIS CLASS ONLINE! Ilvento is such a sweet guy and is always helpful when you email him about questions! The lectures online can be slightly long, but not hard and pretty interesting! 2 guided exercises (answers online), 2 assignments, and 2 quizzes due the day of each exam (there are 4). Not hard to do well!
He's really nice and got into the survey the class was creating. The only difficult things are the test (which isn't that bad if you study) and the two analyses (which are long but he grades leniently). All in all, really easy class with pretty minimal work.
Its the easy class you will ever take at UD. Toke him for both stat608 and stat200. Getting an A in both classes.
His teaching style makes stat a breeze. He always has the powerpoints printed out for you and teaches well. Very helpful.
Good prof, easy class. Had to read 5 books which I was not used to, however most of them were easy reads. 2 papers and 2 exams plus a group presentation. Not too much work. Just had to take online quizes over the readings. Not too hard of a class, and a very good prof.
Very very nice person. Was respectful of students, but I agree that is you have conservative views, leave them at the door. Liberal to the max!
Good Professor all in all. He really enjoys using group work in class so be warned. This class does have a hectic pace in a 6 week period. I have taken other 6 week classes that had a much easier pace, so I would recomend taking this class in the Fall or Winter semester.
Nice professor, very helpful. Great course to take for majors, good background in the field.
Superb. Clearly worked hard outside of class to be well-prepared to teach.
Really cool teacher, pretty funny. Test arent that bad either. Was a bit tough with grading final group project and sometimes wants more then he really asks for questions. But overall really cool guy, I would take him again
Well, all I can say is I loved him until he graded the final papers. I had like a 98% going into it and he was a complete a-hole about the final paper grades. Brought me down to an A- which should have been an A. DO NOT PLAN TO GET AN A!
Excellent teacher. Notes in class are very thorough and easy to follow
Lectures out of the book but exam questions come out of nowhere. Very nice.
Our final grade was just made up of 4 exams (the lowest exam gets dropped), an essay which was an easy 100, and homework. The homework was easy and you can find all the answers online. It was weekly, always due on Sunday. I didn't show up to any classes and I still managed to get a B+ easily.
All around good guy willing to do next to anything for you. Randomly grades notes on short videos to make you attend class. Using the book in combination with the study guide is a guaranteed A. By far the best professor I have come across. He has more real world experience than half of this university & is still a better teacher than these "PHD's".
Lazy-he never updates his syllabus & makes you do it. He gives "pop quizzes" every once in a while which are really just notes you take on a short video he shows in class. The project is really hard to screw up. He gives all the questions from the exam out ahead of time but they're so vague they aren't extremely helpful (all from the text)
thought this would be an easy A, but turned out to be much harder than i thought-and i consider myself to be a good student. very helpful though...found me an awesome internship!
Gives questions, teaches little. Very funny guy. Pretty good class.
I thought he was boring at first but the class really picked up. He picks interesting things to read and discuss.
Very warm and compassionate prof.. Quiet and softspoken, but passionate and well learned about his subject. Great at helping students develop writing ability, take him if you can!
Really good professor. Not stuck on details, but does make you learn.
Very solid teaching, Easy to follow
She really knows what she's doing. Will explain or help whenever needed!
Professor Dunn is extremely passionate about the economy and is good at making concepts relatable to students. Content was often dry and hard to make interesting, which led to long lectures, but they are still worth going to. I did fine on the two midterms without reading the textbook, and all homework and quizzes are extra credit. Would recommend.
Boring lectures, aren't necessary, study the power point and u'll be fine. She puts them online and all questions are derived from powerpoints. Only 3 grades, 2 midterms and a final
Such a big class with just this one little lady in the front. Even though it can be hard to pay attention in lecture sometimes, it is beneficial to still go though. Just two midterms and a final and optional homework and optional quizzes.
Even though she usually mostly read her powerpoints in lecture, she also explained them in detail and had interesting examples that went along with the main ideas. It is a good class to take to learn some basics about how markets work every day.
Went to class twice all quarter and easily got an A. She curves the class so the top 20% get A's. Therefore you cant argue that shes not fair. Go to recitation for the extra credit.
its all about Guns and Budda. ha. great professor. dont waste your money on the book and buy an older edition for 10 bucks online. you wont look at it anyway. dont bother with the study guide. all you need is to ocme to class , extra cred , and pp slides. Most TA's only speak fluent chinese, except Banerjee -he's cool. Take it.
Dunn is the way to get through Econ 200. Never used the book. All exam material is straight from the slides she teaches from, also posted on Carmen. Grading is very fair and usually a curve. It is clear she loves to teach so her class is easy to get through. Recommended
Nice lady, boring class.
I liked her in general, class is pretty easy
Get that easy GE out of the way. She will taken your final grade from the final
Professor Lubic is a toughie on the outside but once you get to know her she's a total sweetheart. She may seem harsh at times but always makes it possible to make up for a loss of points and offers second chances more than she should. Great professor learned a lot
I found her to be a little scattered, but helpful. She had fun anecdotes every day. She teaches through the books mostly.
She's a demanding prof but tells you how it is which is helpful in the long run. I enjoyed the in class convos but class time always lasted 50 mins too long. I recommend her if you like a challenge and want to become a better writer quickly. I had no problem with her I think she's cool. Just be ready to become a supersweet writer.
Helpful and friendly, I am bad at writing but I walked out with an easy A
Tests are very very tough and requires you to read or skim over all readings since that is what they are based on. I didn't have study much (or at all) for the exams because I did the readings.He is a good lecturer but lectured on things I was not interested in. I did well but would not take this again.
Leith is hilarious... made lecture fun, but kept to the material. The grading system makes it impossible to fail the class (regardless of attendance). The labs in this class SUCK, but overall I thought it was a good experience (as a freshman)
Nice guy. Know's his stuff and is helpful. Gives extra credit =) Passionate about his field of study.
One time he wore two different shoes to class. Other then that, My sister had the class the semester before me, so I just looked at all of her study guides. It was a cake walk for me :)
Personally, I think this professor was the best professor I had this semester. The Grand Valley political science and philosophy program is so underrated, and its teachers like this who show students how important ethics are to a well rounded education. He was an easy grader, understanding, and I learned more from the course than I had expected.
Good professor, who is passionate about the topic and it allows you to be able to participate actively in class
Class was kind of boring, not because of the professor, but because of the subject. He tries to keep it as interesting as possible and does a fairly good job of it.
Goes Right by the book, little boring, show up = A
lots of work
Tom's cool, the volunteer hours are actually kindof fun to do...there are good people in the scene shop. He gives you the questions for the test in advance...word for word.
Lots of worksheets and problems in class but in the end its easier to learn becsue you do the work rather then her just telling you everything. Tough class. Fair grading. Just use the study guide.
i loved the typed lecture notes, nice person, but not very good test preparation
she's really helpful one on one
CS570 with Carroll is without a doubt one of the hardest classes Ive taken at state. Final is 45%, midterm is 25%, 4 projects make up whats left of the grade. My advice, start early on everything and do the extra credit he offers on projects. Also Carroll is super nice and always available for answering questions. Good luck, youre gonna need it!
very knowledgeable and helpful, material can be difficult, must ask questions
Not a hard class and interesting, do the extra credits and an A is "no problem"!
I never took a hybrid course before but I do regret taking this one. Professor P is wonderful and knowledgeable in the field but I have not taken anything away from this class worth remembering. Tests are tough and there is lengthy reading required. The grading was interesting, being in a "bundle" format. She was great but the class, not so much.
She was such an awesome professor. Some of the work was redundant but she made it worthwhile.
She is pretty nice, but very demanding on the quizzes.They are broken up into SA and MC. The multiple choice is extremely hard; mainly from the book. Going through the online review tools each chapter helps a ton! (Assuming you read the chapter) The other part of the quizzes are the short answer. Which is from material in the powerpoints.
Just had her for summer 2010 and she was a cool teacher. By the end of the 6 weeks you will have the concepts of marketing ingrained in your memory. My tips is: Outline the chapter before classes start, read the questions carefully during the tests, make sure you are prepared for the pop quizzes. The best part is the classroom is in GMAS building!
Forget BOTH the book AND her powerpoint slides. BUY THE STUDY GUIDE, AND READ FROM IT instead. It's very important that you do the practice tests/quizes from the guide. 1 or 2 of the same question(s) are on her exams. All other questions are similar!
I had Dr. Gitman as a Professor in the early 80's at Wright State University. His classes convinced me to become a Finance Major. Thanks Dr. Gitman for being a great Professor and the person I point to as my professional inspiration.
Kind of an interesting class, he lectures right of the lecture notes but the reinforcement doesn't hurt. Keep up with the material and youll do fine didn't go to a plus got a B.
The test seems easy but they're tricky. On the other hand the few homework that she gives is so easy. There would be random in class assignments to motivate students to come to class and earn those points, but they're easy to do. She invites a CEO as a guest speaker.
Her lectures are interesting but her tests are so difficult! I always walked out feeling like I got a perfect score and ended getting C's and D's!
Her lectures are pretty boring and she goes through them really fast, so dont hesitate to ask her to slow down. Three exams and one final. She drops the lowest out of your three first exams. Make sure you complete the homework assignments because those are an easy 32 points. Exam questions are pretty ambiguous
Great professor, study powerpoints to pass exams. 4 small easy assignments. 3 exams and a final, drops lowest exam grade. Gives you a study guide for the exams. Provided a great learning environment.
No presentations, no group work to turn in, easy HW. Tests are not straight forward at all! All questions are application type! Lots and lots of theories...It was easy to get lost because she doesn't spend much time explaining how to apply those theories.
Take this teacher! 4 tests, drops lowest. HW is a joke. She follows her powerpoint. Straight forward. Tests are easier than you think. You still have to study though.
She is an interesting person and tries her best to keep the the class interesting too, which is pretty hard considering such a boring topic. The book sucks. Her tests are okay but the material gets to be very confusing. She will prepare study guide 4 test
I found her pretty clear about what she expected and what we are to expect as students. Straight forward lectures, somewhat tricky but not to bad tests. Good teacher.
An expert in her field. She used to consult for various organizations. I highly recommend her. Her test are very predictable. Her class goes by fast and you usually get out early.
lots of slides to learn, very nice teacher but need to study
Kimoto is an awesome person. That said, the grading scale haunts you the entire semester (97%=A) and the tests are downright scary (between 4-10 essay questions, timed and online) so it is difficult to focus on material rather than fear for your grade. You will probably learn the same amount taking another prof, and with a lot less stress.
Fun, energetic, learned more in her class than any other. Tests were confusing, multiple choice were poorly worded. Rather vague on expectations, but that's cause she wants you to think (I think) She deserves a smiley.
made class fun, really easy class, unclear with requirements at times
Awesome Prof! I loved this guy. Really knows his stuff on the Holocaust. Varies up the class times with movies, maps, survivor footage, pictures; not always lecturing. Books go right along with the lectures making them easy to follow. Lets you know what to expect on exams. No homework. LOVED HIM! Would take again.
Extremely Intelligent. Has a good sense of humor and really knows his material well. Holocaust class forces you to think in new ways, and to evaluate what happened instead of just looking at what happened. Really enjoyed. Great guy!
knowledable lecturer, keeps you interested even though he can be dry at times
AWESOME! he was a treasure of knowledge, amazing class
mr ivey is a really god teacher. when he teaches, he breaks everything down for easy comprehention. all of the test were take home. real easy class but very usefull.
Cool guy who is very laid back and easy to learn from. Good class that makes you think about writing through revision and reflection. Cowser can be pretty self-absorbed, dominating discussions and workshops with personal anecdotes and tangents, but to be fair, they're usually interesting. Only took it for Arts credit, but ended up liking it a lot.
Bob is a crazy ****. I drove with him to Chicago for our FYS.
Great teacher who's wit makes class interesting. Very engaging, knows your name, cares, and will help you with anything. One ten page essay, two essay exams, both of which are graded pretty easily.
he is nice, all you have is midterm, a paper and a final,
Unfortunately, Dr. Johnson is a mere mortal. He's' been teaching for 38 yrs now and will be retiring soon. I wish more students got the opportunity to take Calculus-based Physics with him because he is the type of prof to change your views on everything. I have him to thank for instilling both a tireless work ethic in me and love of physics.
Kind of a wierd guy, but explains things very well. all in all, pretty good.
Very challenging teacher. Must really want to learn, because he will teach you.
This is by far the best professor I have had yet at GRCC. I think he would scare the typcial conservative Grand Rapidian, that's why some people may complain about him because they can't think worldly. I loved that he didn't teach straight from the text. I always wanted to learn more about him and his lectures. I was sad when the class ended.
awesome, wish all my teachers could be like him. But I guess if you're a boring neoconservative whi just wants to be a widget, and who just wants to graduate so you can move to Grandville and live in your little beige vinyl sided house, you might not like him.
Awesome professor! Lectures were very interesting and she puts a ton of links to articles relating to the each weeks material on the online syllabus. Grade is based mostly on numerous short writing assignments (longest was 5 pages). Gave a take home final with just a couple essay questions. Not too hard to get a A. Highly recommended professor.
Best teacher I have this semester hands down. Take his class 100% he does grade on attendance.
She's so awesome! Take a class with her!
Pay attention and a llittle studying will get you an A
Well I thought she was way too hard. How are you supposed to keep up with all those papers? She's nice enough, she does try to help you but its impossible to get all the work done.
this professor was great, hes helpful and is clear with teaching you the material. homework is not collected but there are quizes everyday worth 6 points
Good speaker, fair grader, difficult tests (but fair). 3 (4 page, double spaced). Quite a few articles to read. Sometimes nobody in the class would read the articles, and he would just skip that topic until we had read them. Take the class for a good experience and a fair A or B.
Dr King has a good approach to the subject. Lots of reading.. lectures produce several pages of notes. Two 3p papers and one 7p final. Lots of reading from several dif books.
Great guy- lots of short notice reading, but relatively few assignments and one big reasearch paper at the end. for a 400-lvl, not bad at all:)
This guy is an interesting and friendly professor, I reccomend his class
Great professor, lot's of real-world knowledge. Very good programmer.
Arch is easy to approach, very clear in his lectures, and extremely knowledgeabl
if you havent taken any calc courses before i would not recommend him because his lectures are confusing but I found the class easy because he gives you a mock test before every test that is identical to the test just with slightly different numbers. Also if you show all your work and at least set up the problems right, he gives you points.
Marafino has offered over 80 extra credit points this semester with more to come and the class is only out of 500 points, so that is like 15 points added on to your final grade. Outlines tests nicely, and has an easy grading scale...40 for a D, 60 for C.
She will literally tell you what you should know for the test and posts the slides with extra notes in them if you download them. The final is only on the last 3 chapters. Her tests are pretty straightforward from the notes and what she tells you to write down during lecture. She does take attendance but allows 4 or 5 absences. A little rude.
Prof. Sutton was really great and you could tell she cared about what she was teaching. She did get a bit off topic at times but always gave hints on specific questions that would be on the test. The attendance policy is for the entire health department so it is mandatory. Just follow directions and go over powerpoint for the test and its an easy A
She likes to go off topic so you'd have to look at the powerpoint yourself. Easy class. Get your gym hours on your own. 4 tests, 2 quizzes. Nice lady
Dr. Sutton is definitely interested in the subject, however, she does not make it interesting! Attendance is mandatory, which is REALLY annoying since it's completely unnecessary. Personally, I would buy the textbook because I used it a lot and tests are kind of hard....
She kept lectures entertaining...never a dull moment! The tests were hard but she tells you that up front. Not too bad of a class. The Urec requirement was crappy...lots of hours.
Dr. Sutton isn't that bad. Class can be boring at times. Has attendance policy. Study power points and subjects she emphasizes in class and tests aren't bad at all. She really explains things and will give help when asked. A few assignments that help your grade if you follow her instructions.
very entertaining. not the easiest prof, but definitly an interesting class. shes very animated and not afraid to talk to show pictures of anything. be sure to be prepared for the pictures of stds. very nasty!
att. required. tests come from hints she gives from class and from book. Lots of out of class bull**** like spending a certain amount of time at urec. go to urec before class for an hour and study that;s what i did, 15hrs needed at urec and 15 outside
annoying outside work, doesn't give good lectures, tests out of the book
tests are very hard, i skip class a lot because you dont learn anything by going
Overall, a pretty good class. No exams, just short weekly papers where you analyze a case in regards to whatever ethical dilemma you are reading that week. Participation is a big part of the grade so make sure you show up and are ready to discuss. A final presentation on your own choice of a case at the end. Super easy and straightforward.
Be prepared to work very diligently and with all the effort you can physically and mentally exert on the assignments. Research Methods is a difficult course. Dr. Hedlund is a very courteous, intelligent and respectful professor.
Good teacher. We had some interesting class and group work which i enjoyed. Be sure to do all your work and put 100% effort into it.
American culture class. 4 papers, one is the midterm the other is a final. Gives the prompts before and their pretty open ended. Follow the given format and you're likely to get an A. Not a tough grader at all. Just discusses readings and shows pics each class. One extra credit group project. Great professor whos enthusiastic about his course!
His classes are what I thought university should be like. Wonderful classes, extremely interesting texts, very active class conversations, limited but useful notes on papers. i really loved being in this class, it opened me up to things i would have never explored myself
Wasn't too excited about this class after taking one about "higher ed" last semester, but this one is actually bearable and dare I say entertaining even? Baker is incredibly smart and though he drifts off topic a lot, you always learn SOMETHING. Just show some evidence of thinking and you'll be good! Here's a chili pepper for you, Prof. Baker!
Genuinely cares for his students. Understanding and realizes there is more to life than just his class or even just college.
Very good. Like people say he is real easy but I got a lot out of it.
Great prof! Remembers everybody. Lot of fun to have
Cool teacher. Class is really easy. Teaches whatever he wants. Can't fail unless you try.
Fun class, learned the basics of bringing a buddy to class.
Nice guy, pretty cribable. Maple hurts your grade though!
Went to class almost every day. Lectures are GREAT! Repeats himself frequently. Did not have problems doing the homework as long as I took notes. The pop quiz & test ?'s were either directly out of the homework or VERY close. Math isn't my strong-point,but with minimal effort outside class,I passed.
Very passionate about what he teaches, fun storyteller. Lots of reading assigned (and 2/3 sources aren't available online for free) but I only skimmed some articles during the exams and did just fine. Attendance not mandatory but he might post his slides on the later side (not very tech savvy).
First few weeks of class were a bore, but after mid terms the lectures seemed to get more interesting. He tells his TA's to grade the exams harder than they should be graded. Would recommend this class. Would also recommend writing down every single detail you retain from lecture and reading on his exams
good class...lots of writing but not too bad
The course was well worth my time. Overall this professor is well organized. ****.com was very useful in this course.
Easy class. 3 Modules all with movies. Grade was based off of 3 check in progress reports, and 6 papers (3-2pgs and 3-3pgs). The 3 page ones were opinion papers too. Nice lady. Could be better telling you when she wont be around to check her email for questions though. TAKE THIS CLASS! Easy A!
excellent teacher, I learned so much about education, a great advisor, too.
Explained everything very well, lectures were long but he did his best to keep them entertaining and funny. I recommend him greatly.
Awesome Diff Eq professor and by easily the best professor I've had at Kettering. Make the subject interesting by relating it to real people and real life problems and he had a very light hearted vocab. Smartest man I have met.
Awesome Prof. Tests almost exactly like cribs HE gives you. NY accent!
"This is the west point of engineering, and I am your drill seargeant"
Applied Chem for Engineers for a Fuel Cell minor. She knows her stuff and wants students to succeed but can be unclear at times. Recommended.
This professor was very thorough so you learned a few things, she gave out just a couple homeworks and the quizzes/tests were fair. She was very helpful during labs and for clarifying the material. I could have earned an A if I didn't party as much as I did last term.
Mechatronics is an easy 100 but Eddy can make it a decent amount of work. Helpful but demanding when it comes to technical writing. Not a bad professor overall.
didnt do much since the class was pretty much all on our own, but clearly stated the goals and requirements of the class and was there to answer any questions we had.
grades are fair, gives a lot to read, lectures can be pretty boring
The man is a genius. He has his rules, and enforces them, but they're not unfair. He knows his biz, and, believe it or not, he knows YOUR biz too. Interested in history or political science? Take his classes. But be ready to step up or shut up - engage him in class and he'll love ya. Clam up and he'll give ya no end of crap. You've been warned.
Despite what the other reviews say, i thought this guy was good. Funny too. It is somewhat boring and you take alot of notes off the overhead. But otherwise it was an easy class if your read over the outline. Free 50 points if you make it to every class, and its only a 500 point class. So if you get a C+ you end up getting a B+
This teacher will help you understand non comprendable old Spanish. He does not overload you with useless homework exercises that half the class would never do. He gets to the point and I like that!
Study the given vocabulary and all tenses and it's an easy A. IF you actually fail, perhapse you shouldn't be in a 200 level SPN class. (& c'mon, people, he's not that bad...)
his exams are all long essays but he grades very easily.
He was a very nice guy and knew his subject. Unfortunately, I found the material boring and repetitive. I learned some of the same things in sociology. I was really disappointed that we didn't discuss or write about current issues in ethics. It was all ancient stuff, from Socrates to the 19th centur
kidna boring, but gives exact questions of tests.
Dr. Hart makes the lectures somewhat interesting, but your grade is dependent upon the TAs. Unfortunately, when I had him, all of the TAs were no good.
Cool guy, but just reads summary from back of book in class though. Really emphasizes book use, since he wrote it, and actually discourages note taking, because "everything you need is in the book". I found the class interesting, so I put in the work. Overall, I'd say he's an easier bio prof. gives 2 take him tests that help your grade.
3 free absence after that harsh policy strong accent but understandable and it makes class less boring horrible chicken scratch handwriting make sure you follow his handouts which are super long and detailed but if you follow and fix what he says its easy a. Thing I hate most is no online grades and uses 4. scale instead of %
Will go out of his way for a student, kind hearted and great class. Funny
Very straightforward man, good at leading discussions in class. We covered more material than in any other class I've taken and I'm a history major. I also know the stuff well thanks to the tough standards. Very difficult class with probably too much reading but it is worth it if you stick with it.
Amazing professor, the class was awesome and non lecture based at all. He discussed topics that actually interested us, and made the class about us, not about what we were learning. Awesome guy.
Pay attention. Try to incorporate as many readings as possible in the group project. Hopefully he will go back to tests. My group was horrible, but I kept him up to date on my problems, and I still got a B.
Kaplan is the best! He's hysterical and his class isn't too difficult. 4 easy response papers and 3 exams, the best of which is counted twice. Just write down random things he says that he might throw in on the test and know the basic elements of the various stories. Also if you talk up Sandra Bullock to him he will love you.
I have him for fiction writing right now. He's ridiculously funny, not in a forced, rehearsed kind of way but just incredibly funny. Also, he knows alot about literature and the writing process. He definately has a unique way of looking at writing, which makes him an effective teacher.
Great guy, very interested in mat. and class opinion. hard grader,boring books
REALLY NICE GUY but not a very good teacher. Most of this class was him setting up objects and then you just draw it. He doesnt do a very good job of explaining how to actually draw the objects. He walks around the room and if your piece looks bad he stares at it and then says, "okay okay, let me sit down." Then he sketchs it himself to show you.
Everyone bashes him for being too critical and making you "comform." In the classroom, you learn fundmentals--not your "own style." Outside of class do what you want--assuming art students actually do art outside of class.
Italy with him was AWESOME, he is super fun, a lil ecentric, went to bar w/ us
The summer class is more condensed; less projects, quizzes, and don't have to do a presentation. Downside is lectures are long. Dr. Cannon reads off a PowerPoint (be prepared to take notes fast). Some concepts he explains well and others not so much. He gives a take home mid-term exam that is lengthy to write. Group projects but far less than fall.
Any person who tells you not to take Ott because he is a "Communist" might want to get to the roots of communism and develop a clearer understanding of the communist system. All Ott wants is a better society, and that isn't going to happen if we all sit on our asses and talk about rainbows and butterflies. Take Ott and learn how to be better.
He is very one sided but never said he doesnt support our soldiers. He said because you dont necessarily agree with the war doesnt mean you dont support them.
really funny/nice guy, very intelligent, and extremely well rounded, seems like he's experience a lot and is really involved in the material and its applications, grading is fairly easy if you read the material, lets you know the essay questions before hand, so study those and your golden!
Nice guy, class is a little repetive. Lectures are very opinionated. Class can be interesting to see a different viewpoint, but trys to drill it into you. Only 3 tests and thats it. So study!
Made the information interesting. The course information is difficult but he makes it seem easy.
Great guy, Only a temp teacher but i hope he gets tenure. Good class.
Very passionate, makes you think, easy grader, lots of discussion
Overall, he's great. Of course, everyone could improve. Lecture days not required, lab days are but you have 2 freebees. The labs are very stimulating and great group work. Exams are based off quiz questions. Almost every week there's extra credit. Easy A.
I don't recommend it for an online class unless you don't care about reading 60-80 pages a week and doing a discussion almost every week. The discussions you had to post early and comment often throughout the week which I found difficult to do because I was so busy with other stuff. Good professor though, wish I would've taken his class in person.
Not the typical prof, i think that's why some people have issues with him. He let the class decide what we wanted to learn, then he followed up with that. Be in class everyday - get an A. Miss class - you'll be very confused, lesson plans change daily.
He let the class vote on the subject we were going to learn. It's a different kind of class. You study for the tests like you are writing a paper - not like how you would study for a normal test. Other students didnt' get that. A's are possible.
Funny guy, I liked the class alot, class wasn't too hard
EASY CLASS, gives exam questions ahead of time, use notes for online quizzes
greatprof. loves michael moore. easy if you use the exam study guide
Great class, test is all off the power points, which he lets you use on the test. I didnt use the book at all, even though he brings it up a few times. I can't wait to have another class with him.
This guy is awesome. Great person, gets the material you need to you through powerpoints, posts everything online, and all tests open note, not to mention he likes to joke around. what more could you ask for?
Open note tests. Easy and interesting class. Would recommend.
Easy class. Nice guy. Noyes help for exam but that doesn't mean u can skip reading and not study before exam---obviously some people do not understand this.
nice guy, lenient, shortened classes, get him if possible, hes cool
A bit on the dull side, but very easy.
Great guy, really nice, really reasonable, massive curve, but extremely hard tests...it really all evens out in the end. really smart and makes some pretty crazy corny jokes in class, i like it though. OPTIONAL FINAL!!
Wow, this guy is amazing. His exams were nonsense, but somehow everyone pulled off at least a C. Then, he said, You can take the grade you have and go after three exams. I did. Certianly a must take.
A good class, a good instructor.
she's a sweety-pie! Participate,do homework ur fine! directions confused me alot
he's great.
Whitey is the MAN! He's active; he's funny; and he'll keep you awake easily. I never thought that I'd say it, but English 110 with Whitey was one of my favorite classes at UD.
David is a bit dry in lecture, especially if physics aren't your thing but he always takes the time to be very clear. Also the exams are very easy despite being open ended questions.
easiest class every, these other people must be idiots. all the notes are online. i went to class 4 times total (1st day, 3 tests) and got an A.
He was alright, but the tests were tricky. Not an "easy A," but not a horrible class, either. It's better if you enter this class with a little enthusiasm for the subject, since there is SOOO much information that tends to bore you very easily.
lectures are boring but the notes are online, so tests are really easy. however, beware of those hw assignments. his TAs like to take off tons of points, so overall not as easy as i thought.
Very easy class! Go to lectures. Tests come from the lectures. Funny guy
Professor Murphy was very good. He kept the lectures interesting. We did have a paper due every week, so only sign up for his class if you like to write. Overall, he was a difficult grader when it came to midterms and finals, but otherwise his grading was fair.
Professor Murphy kept me engaged. The information he gave was interesting and came from a variety of ways. We had to read 5 books for his class. Though most times he gave us an adequate amount of time to read. We also had two essays, one research paper, a midterm, and an exam. Lots of papers and exams are take home.
Murphy made an effort to apply concepts to the world today and explained lectures well. The online class had a TON of homework, but that's just bc its an SWS and condensed to 6 wks. He's inconsistent with grading. I got an 84 on a paper that took me 4 days to write and 96 on the next one that I wrote in 2 hours. Just write a good thesis statement.
Hard grader but it was very hard to get mad at him cause he is prolly the nicest teacher i have ever met. Helps u alot if needed too. Dont try to b.s. on papers as i found out on my first one cause he knows about ever damn thing from his books. Overall, thought he was pretty good
Excellent Prof, hard exams and he is BRUTAL on papers
What a cool guy. Awesome lectures, but really hard on essays
He expected a lot, but was fair and friendly.
An amazing class. If it were not for the labs I wouldn't make it. Very understanding prof. and great class.
Thanks for being so enthusiastic. I loved all three classes I had with you. I don't know how people can make such rude comments about Gator as the majority of people I know have completely enjoyed having him as a professor.
Very passionate about subject and loves students
She's so soft spoken and sweet, you wouldn't believe just how much she knows! She seemed to care a great deal more about the effort put in then the knowledge put out, but I loved her class. Creativity counts!
shes a little absent minded if you ask me, but just be really nice, ask her lots of questions so you do the right things, write a bunch in labs, and its a guaranteed A
THE ENTIRE CLASS WAS EASY IT SEEMS LIKE A LONG CLASS BUT IT GOES BY FAST WITH HER, YOU JUST SIT AND DO KIDDY LABS I MADE STRAIGHT A'S ON ALL OF THEM SO TAKE HER FOR AN EASY A
she talks really fast.. fun class,,, she's very funny and makes u feel comfortable with the class... easy A just present ur speech
Not as bad as people make her out to be. I failed her first exam and with the other two I got my grade to a B+. One thing she doesn't do is be explicit about terms being on the exam. One small line among a paragraph of directions on the exam review sheet. Almost half the exam is terms in fact so study them and you'll at least have half.ReadtheBook
A really solid writing professor. I'm a writing major, and the class itself is a little dry- but the readings are interesting and he does his best to make it more interesting. The book is a must have! Some easy grammatical online quizzes, once a week short informal writings, and two major papers. All in all- good professor: recommend.
This class was insanely boring, but Gilles at least will grade you on what you know, not BS like some teachers in the writint department!
Very nice, very smart-learn as much as you can from him
Tough, but very fair grader! Helpful and open to students :-)
Nice professor who is generous with partial credit. His tests, quiz, and homework problems are pretty much exact replicas of the problems he does in class (sometimes there is out-of-the-box thinking). This class can get pretty boring for being there at 7:45am, however, I would attend everyday to get all of the notes. The class average was an A.
You get out of this class what you put in it. The guest speakers are really helpful for getting insight for when u start your business. A must take if you want to start a business. No textbook for class, just articles. 2 projects and 2 exams, neither being extremely hard.
study for exams. projects are easy. will take you to the blue and gold to booze with him. good guy and very easy class.
Great tueacher but hard tests. Lots of days off, lots of quizzes and very fair
Truely a professional! Great opportunity to learn from a brilliant professor--IF you are there to learn. Otherwise you will find him him "disorganized and boring". He will ALWAYS be there for his students-unlike many of the "awesome" and/or "hot" professors who won't remember you beyond the semester-Try getting a reference from one of them.
Dr. Halsell is very cool, but I would rethink taking her class. Her tests are very difficult. They are only made more difficult by the fact that the learning objectives given don't match tests. You end up either studying way too much, but not in depth enough or too few things, but to the correct level. All in all, a very frustrating class.
Dr. Halsell is a funny and entertaining teacher. She really knows her stuff, but tests are soooooo hard. If genetics problems are hard for you do tons of them at home, cause guaranteed the hardest possible ones will be on the test
Mr Rouse is nice but his lectures not to clear & boring, dropped class, kept falling asleep (Evening class). Test are OK, if you know the material-your good, IF NOT-good luck. He doesn't inform the class when he is moving on to a new section or chapter which is so irritating to me. Needs to work on time management so he can answer more questions.
I really enjoyed this class! The professor discussed very interesting points that I really appreciated and she graded very fairly.
Nice lady. Quiz every 2 weeks, based off of the outline and book. Exam every 2 weeks, which are easy if you know how to take online exams (hint).
History 8 online was great, she's well organized and seemed very nice. Had to write to papers in her class though, along with weekly discussion board post, test every two weeks, and midterm and final too I think. A bit of work, but its online.
Prof. Yeager is one of those rare breed of good teachers.She doesn't mind getting into a political discussion with the class.There is sincerity in her responses to your question.Keep up with your reading in this class and there's no way you'll fail.The students out there that claims her class is too hard are the ones that never show up.
Ms. Yeager is far from unstable!! I would say she is a no nonsense type of lady! She does not tolerate tardiness...which is understandable seeing as we are adults. The take home tests are a treat, and therefore an A is not far from reach.
She has a little quizes for everyday. But it was easy. tricky Q's on midterm
Mr. Kajiwara is good at teaching...he gives plenty of hw to keep you busy...his tests are hard only if you slack off and not study. I believe I could've passed the class if I have gotten more help and studied...thing is when we are doing math problems, he skips steps and expects us to do the same...he expects a lot from his students.
Fabulous professor. She treats students as individuals and not just as a number. Willing to be inconvenienced and go out of her way to help a student succeed. Very clear and lenient with grading and assignments, is willing to work with the student to create the best possible semester. Funny and really cares about the futures of her students. Great!
i just don't know how you could say anything bad about her. She told us once in class "I promise! I'm very funny in spanish but it just doesn't translate well!" but i think she was pretty funny in english too. she was so sweet, very inventive, and very helpful i really liked this class. definitely recommend it!
Such a great and wonderful conductor! OU is truly blessed to have a professor/conductor so smart, helpful, and encouraging to music students! He wants to see you succeed and is there to help you. OU's music department wouldn't be the same without him!
Learning how to learn is a science based MOOC. The production quality is a bit dated, but the content is helpful. Barbra's delivery was clear, concise and relevant. I very much appreciated that she included extra resources. I would be nice if those resources were updated as they are 6 years or so old.
Thoughtful about her students. Will use any additional materials to make it easier to learn the contents.
Barb lectured for the majority of Learning How to Learn and her patient tone and cheery demeanor were really instrumental in helping me earnestly feel like I could learn anything I tried to learn. I would recommend this course to all students and people interested in self-growth.
Prof Oakley was clear, concise and it was a interesting listening to her delivery of the information in this course.
First of all I want to thank her and the entire team for the course. I simply can't tell how helpful the course was. I learned a lot, about what mistakes I was making and how to rectify them and much more. Great Job.
Fabulous online course, Learning How to Learn. Very clear, entertainingly presented. I loved it!
Found teaching very clear. Helps that obviously a very good person.
It's the firs time I've ever tried an online class and it was great to have Dr. Oakley as my first virtual teacher. Her lectures are engaging and easy to digest. She puts the fun in learning. I absolutely look forward to her future projects in the future!
Dr. Oakley's "Learning How To Learn" class on Coursera is terrific, and I highly recommend it for anyone struggling with their courses, especially if you have a tendency to procrastinate and want to learn how to overcome that. Her background in overcoming her fear of math and going on to become an engineer is very inspiring.
Barbara Oakley is the worst professor I've ever had the misfortune of having. I've never listened to a more patronizing person speak about subjects I'm already familiar with in a more ingratiating tone. After every lecture she says her name. As if the last three times didn't make it painfully obvious. She has a preschool teachers sing-song.
Excellent course. The material was clearly and entertainingly presented. Should be a mandatory course in all undergraduate programs. I would like more courses from this instructor . Very worthwhile and enjoyable - useful for studying, research and writing.
I thought this class was great. I have been studying technical matter for years and I never seemed to " get it". I know that's about to change. I realize, from the class, that I've been making it very hard on myself to learn correctly. I will use the strategies I've learned in this class to study smarter.
A very informed professor, Prof Oakley truly cares about her students and their ability to understand the material covered. Her quizes and tests are straightforward and her out of class expierences help to understand the topics.
Will do anything to help a student understand. Missed some topics due to taking our time at the beginning. I don't think subject was taught very clearly. Book learning was encouraged.
The people who hate this guy are the ones who hate every prof. This class was so easy and I'm an Earth Science Major, not broadcasting!
Martha is the best. Gotta get on her good side though.
He's an excellent professor. The work load is very manageable. Be careful with the group project, if you end up with an "onion" in your group, it will cost you on your final grade.
Allison is the man...and so funny. He knows how to convey the information in the most intersting ways. His stories are absolutely hilarious!
I wouldn't want any other teacher but Pam teaching Botany. She knows her stuff, loves plants, and she knows how to teach it. Tests consist of both lecture and lab combined, but you start out with extra points on the exam, meaning you can miss more than usual and still get an A. Final class period you get to eat a variety of fruits she brings in.
Do not take this class unless you have the time for it. Professor Laureto is excellent at explaining things and helping you become prepared for the tests...But the tests will destroy you and throw what's left of you into a shredder machine...But other than that it's a great class! Don't waste your time on the book; just study her notes and videos.
People who complain don't get the point of the class and his teaching style. Yes it sucks sometimes, yes you'll spend lots of late nights hating him, and yes you'll be leaps and bounds ahead of the regular engineering classes. To top it off just working hard usually gets you an A or B! The ambiguity is intentional and he really does a good job!
Dr. Imbrie cares a whole lot about his students. He spends more hours than most people know or can imagine doing work for them and for his classes. He loves helping people! People can't handle not understanding things in college for the first time and they unfairly take it out on him.
You know, the further into the semester we get, the better this guy gets. He comes off as a jerk in the beginning but he really isn't all that bad. Even though he has a really busy schedule, he's never unwilling to talk to students if they just come in and ask for it. He just wants people to try.
he's really smart and cares about what he does.Tests are ok-just make sure to study a fair amount.Drops the lowest test grade and gives a few options for extra credit.I would suggest taking him
This guy is the ####ING MAN! Not only is the class easy, his lectures are decent. Cool guy with some insane stories.
Not a terribly interesting subject, but not too bad. People complain about his story telling, but I actually like his stories and would rather hear those then listen to course content. He likes participation and class interaction, so just do it for the mans sake!
I'm gonna miss this class. Fun class dynamics, ridicluously simple content. Amucing jokes. Take THESE classes to complete cluster 5.
This class was the biggest waste of my time and money. The course is absurdly easy and I felt like I was stuck in high school. Just another reason GenEd is a joke.
one of my most interesting classes, didn't mind getting up at 8:00am for it
Amazing teacher. I hate calc and put little effort in and Im getting a B if your decent at math you'll get and A for sure. Sweetest guy, does a joke of the day, Great teacher. Would take him for every class if I could
GREAT professor!! Best I had at JMU!
chen is the best teacher in the ISAT program he helps outside of class ALL the time just wants to see every one succeed. 212 was tough but he made it sooo much better
Dr. Chen is awesome! He could double for Jackie Chan and is hilarious! I loved his joke of the day! Dr. Chen taught the material very well, and was always there to lend a helping hand...TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN! You will not regret it!
Took Chen for 300 but would have taken him for 212 also. The man is the ****. Cool guy to talk to, very helpful. He'll most often times give you an example question that will be very close to an exam question, however, it is up to the student to do it.
Coolest, funniest Professor! VERY helpful. Look forward to the Joke of the Day
Great professor, helpful, doesnt follow book, but exams from notes, Take him
Prof. Nash was passionate and fair in giving exams (there were 3 counting the final). There was no homework/quizzes and attendance was occasionally taken for extra credit in class. The exams were easier if you attended class and she always posted the ppts/review sheets. The textbook was free & the atlas (I thought) was unnecessary, just use Google.
Nice lady, very approachable and not too hard of a class-recommended
Had the class with Dr. C and Dr. Ferenbaugh and thought they were bothe good. Spent lots of time outside class helping me with homework and conceps. Did have to read the book. Dr. C was fun and had great examples from Africa. Showed a great video on Cane Toads for one class.
Barb is a fantastic teacher who's willing to cater to student's personal needs. She gives solid critical feedback to the work students bring into the workshop and is always willing to make her students better writers.
Take good notes in lectures, put in effort for the group projects, participate a bit in class, and this course will be a breeze. I genuinely learned so much from Professor Rees, his content is interesting and truly invaluable in my major and in the grand scheme of modern day issues. Would definitely recommend him, hes a gem.
great professor; knows a great deal and knows how to relate that knowledge to his students; if you like the subject you will definately enjoy his classes; do not take him for an easy A however
Covered more material in less time than any class I've had, and did it effectively. Easy if you come in with a background, otherwise could be tough. Good prof, good class.
He seems to have good intentions, but the exams always threw me for a loop. Sitting in class was like watching paint dry, and I found it difficult to let the material sink in. Good luck - you'll need it.
Bev, is a very fun professor. Sometimes she gets lost in her fun. We had a portfolio type of class, and it made it difficult because you never knew your grade. People never showed up and would get upset why their grade was low. It was really easy if you were there. Only 4 papers IN AN ENGLISH CLASS. Most of them only 2 pages long. Put the work in.
Professor Shannon was very helpful,and was easy to approch when I needed assistance. She offers to read all of your papers and make suggestions before she grades them. I really enjoied being in her class! I would denfinity recommend Professor Shannon for English 101!
Very good, makes class fun, and interesting
Class is entirely on ALEKS, which means tests are difficult to study for. You can work ahead easily, and homework assignments have unlimited attempts. Grading is also entirely through ALEKS, he just enters the grades into Blackboard after tests. Review videos are long but only necessary if you're really struggling with a concept.
I really struggle with math already but taking it with Mr. Steinfort helped a lot! Lots of homework but the practice prepares you for test. Don't fall behind because he does teach 2 lessons each night. Ask questions and participate and he will go over the problem until you understand. Bad thing is your grade is only based on Test! Great professor!
Tests are very hard. His teaching is alright, needs more people skills.
Good teacher, class well paced, makes you work a bit he's fond of quizzes
Great Guy but all of the labs in the class are just busy work and take up so much of your time seeing as there is no way to get it done in the lab period.
Norm is cool and this class is like the rest he teaches. Not hard for a 400 level although all the work does suck at times and he changes quiz dates so you cant miss much.
Great guy! Class is easy but good teacher! Gives out candy for participating!
SO HARD. omg. i want to cry. really really good teacher though. but his tests are insane.
Very difficult exams but GREAT teacher!! learned alot from him!
Best teacher at Lake State!! He is hilarious and friendly, and will be very missed!!
I've had 3 classes with him; name is ISLEY. Trust me.
Great Prof. Knows a lot about Eco. Tough tests, but makes up grade in homework!
Professor Magal is an expert in ERP and wrote the textbook. Very knowledgeable and helpful. I recommend taking him for at least one class if your in MIS or ERP.
Simha is great. He expects lots of class participation, but that makes class interesting and fosters learning. Check BB for your participation grades and talk to him if you believe you should be getting better because it's somewhat subjective. I felt like my input was valued and respected. I highly recommend this professor.
Not great but not bad either. Pretty nice guy.
if you miss class make sure to fill out the surveys from a different location, that's your participation grade. lectures are pointless but prof is very helpful with projects
boring, lots of group work
Dr. Huss was my favorite professor's last semester! He wasn't hard at all. I did the study guides and reviewed the notebook before each test and ended up with A's on them. Overall wonderful class!
Very funny professor. Makes class laugh at least 3 times per lecture. Tests are straight off Powerpoints. Paper isn't bad, opinionated but have to show and prove your own viewpoint. Overall great guy. Highly recommend for Intro class.
Genius, pure genius. Very nice, a little strange, but an overall great teacher
weird but funny sometimes, don't be late.. just skip it
Hands down, best professor at the University of Delaware, let alone in the Sociology department. Take her, you'll love her.
Dont worry if you can't see your grade, Brian didn't push the button yet. Class is boring, I can say I learned everything from the book. Oh and the second exam was so hard a 78 was an A. You pretty much have no choice but to take shenton, but at least he writes legibly and is American.
Lots of work, test throughly and fairly.
Tom truly cared about his students. He did whatever he could to help them succeed. Was approachable, and got me a sweet student teaching placement. Still teaching 4 years later!
Very enjoyable to listen to. Interesting stories helps make the material more understandable.
Excellent teacher! Explains material in everyday understandable ways! To get and A you must attend lecture. Half of test questions come from lecture. He tells you what to study out of the book so you dont have to read much of the text. VERY strict ( do not talk during class or come late to class) I highly reccomend him! Very interesting class!!
Very clear and fun
Makes a very boring topic somewhat tolerable, and makes the class easy for people to pass.
Wonderful lecturer. Clear voice. HIGHLY recommend.
I loved his class and his stories!
extremely easy class. NO EXAMS. 300 word and 150 word short essays (really one paragraph) each week that is basically all of your grade. They are fun to write if you like sports. Although its a big lecture, they take attendance and it is 10 percent of your grade. Can be on your phone or computer, never pay attention, and get an easy A.
The easiest class ever offered on Syracuse campus... I would take it again because Professor Arnold is very passionate and knowledgeable. EASY A for sure hands down!
Great professor, really funny! Seems cuddly
Palfai has a good teaching method that he's developed over the years, but what makes the course difficult is the amount of information that you need to know. Be sure to complete as much extra credit as possible because they will determine whether you get a B+ or a C+. Attendance at lecture is vital to understanding the material.
Knew a little TOO MUCH about what he was talking about
gives plenty of opportunity for extra credit
Amazing teacher, he pushes you but you learn so much. Best class so far!
Assignments and quizzes really help boost the grade. Word of advice about those though, definitely go and see him during his office hours to get help on those if needed. You will for sure get 100% because he will give you the answers. For the tests study those assignments and quizzes are you should be pretty good. Not a bad class easy wize.
He's very clear and explains things well. Unlike some teachers, he understands that MAth 110 atudents really aren't that interested in math, and that we're here because we have to. He does everything outside of taking the test for us to make sure we pass.
I had her for French and I didn't mind her at all. We would sometimes have to correct her or remind herwhere we were in our work, but I just thought it was funny. Shes really good for teaching French. I could see how her forgetfulness and disorganization ould be frustrating for other classes. There was a lot material covered in class so keep up!
I love Jane. I have had her for a professor since I came to NMU. Likes to give input A LOT but make sure you tell her what YOU want in your designs. It will give you more confidence when you start your career. Wish she didn't talk so much, its hard for me to pay attention to 2 things at once, and I end up not making the most out of class time
I had Steve for a directed study about a year ago. He was very particular about how he wanted me to do things, but in the end it was for the best. I learned so much from what I was studying and from the process I went through for him.
The professor is very passionate and intense about the art of Tai Chi. She clearly demonstrates a life time of amazing skill. I struggled but I enjoyed the class. I hope to take it again. The professor is a proven qualified instructor, not all martial art studios have competent and safe teachers!
She tells everyone what to expect from the beginning - sit close b/c her voice doesn't carry, read before coming to class, there are tutors available, work hard and you'll get the grade you want. I've taken 2 classes with her and enjoyed both. Other students who make rude comments about not understanding her need to grow up and show more respect
Strong accent. Tests straight from book, Easy class.
Bernstock is a wonderful lady, and her lectures are solid. I really liked her. However, my TA was crap and really ruined the class for me. If your first few sections don't seem to be going well, SWITCH TA's! Also, if you're just taking this to fulfill a requirement, I'd do Art H 245 - it's easier and more interesting, and Lazarro is also great.
Really kind and helpful professor. You can come to her whenever you have a problem. Her lectures are long and its hard to keep up. As she jumps from one thing to another really fast. I like the artists she picked and what kind of info she gives you about them.
Dr. Ball is the best professor you will find in the Political Science department.
I really did enjoy the class, but I had to drop it because we never really talked about the subjects we had to and the exams were so spread apart & covered so much information it made it hard to study for. He was nice & tried to get us to care about the world today. If I could I would try and take it again because it was indeed an enjoyable class.
very funny outlandish teacher. you never know what will come out of his mouth. lots of people don't like him because he offends just about everyone he possibly can. I personally find this very entertaining.
I love the truck driver comment...so totally right on! Take him if you can...it is an experience all on its own. No doubt that you WILL walk away being able to say you actually learned something from that class.
He seems very aloof and can appear a total jerk. But once you talk to him and get in a few good arguements with him, he is pretty cool.
fun teacher, most of the time class is interesting! Loves to share his views on things, to see what people will say.... Gives you the chance to pass the tests!
Pay Attention, Its simple, Just listen to him, thats all
Professor Boyd is awesome! The lectures are all powerpoint and most of them he posts are online. Also, all of the lectures are on bruincasat so it's way easier to study or if you miss a day. Due to budget cuts, all exams are multiple choice and have a really good curve.
hey guys, anyone whose had her for bio med/soc issues...how are the exams? does anyone have old ones? she is very cool so far.
Took marketing and management, great guy, helpful, I got c- in two out of the 3 tests... (B- on the other one) and still got a B, he's awesome... if you show interest.
Wonderful guy, very professional, challanging exams but all his notes are posted on blackboard b/c trying to keep up in class can be hard. Take his class :-)
THE BEST PERSON ON THIS PLANET. Fun guy to talk to and hang out with. Really funny and interesting. Would highly recommend him, really knows his information.
He's not a bad professor by any means, just be weary that if you try to get any information from the internet without citing it, he will find it. Even if you've done it in the past DO NOT DO IT.
Learned a lot from his African American History class. Wished I learned more. Nevertheless, very good prof. Good at breaking down concepts.
I took this class online and was petrified going into it. The reviews made it seem terrible. He gives you all the homework ahead of time. Work at a steady pace and don't procrastinateHe can see how much time you're logging in the software so the more often and longer you're logged in the better. Put effort and length into tests and discussions.
Mike Light really has a gift for teaching history. He makes it interesting and engaging but only through his perspective though. Just do the Primary Documents and reference them in the essays and your golden
Nice teacher, helpful, and not too difficult; if you read book you'll be FINE. Uses the non-bold vocab words on exams; such as people, things in italics, etc. ALSO - only thing I do not like about him - if you voice ANY type of political opinion whatsoever he will delete your posts and will CENSOR. Retarted as politics/history closely linked.
Pros: He made me interested in history again. Great guy, very liberal, interesting lectures, doesn't give much homework. More than any other prof I've had at grcc, he seems to genuinely care about his students. Cons: Too much emphasis on essay questions, seems to deduct essay points arbitrarily.
approached the material differently than i thought it would be but made it more interesting...i know it's shakespeare, but the way he teaches it, you get what he's saying...tough paper assignments
you will learn alot. not the easiest teacher but, good. attend class I came out with quite a bit.
She KNOWS her geology, and she is masterful at explaining it in a way that makes sense, BUT her policy on grading reminds me of the rules in that soup kitchen from Seinfeld.
Fantastic teacher; Interesting and clear. HOWEVER... she is too picky on labs. Probably the most intelligent professor I've had so far.
ui thought she was great, she knows what she is talking about she is fun, the only down side is that shedresses like a kindergarden teacher
He wastes time like no other. Very intelligent, but it is impossible to keep him on topic. You never have to do the poem readings for class discussion-he won't get to them unless someone prods him. Sweet man, though; occasionally funny. Easy A, not unbearable just disappointing.
Tons of homework. Doesn't really teach, just tells you what to do.
She is hard, very clear on what she wants, helpful if u ask her, do your work
She may be a boring talker but she is easy and she explains everything really well.
Dr. Hoffman is an excellent teacher that is one tough grader! She is a well respected published author whose main focus of work centers around the healthcare system in America. Although she grades tough, she is fair. You earn points on essays by following the crystal clear rubrics. SHES HATES SILENCE and participation will get you far!
Great class, tests are essays & there are VERY helpful study sessions available.
decent guy, made the class pretty easy, just 4 papers, I like to write so no big deal, just show up and pay attention to blackboard because he puts the reading assignments there
The majority of our exams are straight from the chapter quizzes he posts on blackboard for us to study. His assignments are relatively easy and fun. Come to class, especially the day after an exam, shows a video and from that video a huge chunk of questions will be asked on the next exam. His reward for students showing up to class.
I took this class online. He didn't care if you used the textbook on the tests and you could take the pre-test multiple times. We had two fairly easy papers during the term and no final, so the class wasn't too challenging. I'd definitely recommend taking it.
Great teacher. She knows and explains everything. Lets you redo any paper/homework/test and keep the new grade. Interested in if you learn from your mistakes instead of just marking down.
Judy is a riot! Comes off rude but means well. Her lectures are long, power point. She's hilarious. Many stories to tell and it all relates to the course. Course review test after each chapter as well as a topic paper for each section read. Easy points. The test are tough but study enough you'll pass.
She was very abrupt which came across rude in her emails. Overall it was an easy class, lots of reading but with the MyPsychLab Pre and Post Tests you are prepared for the chapter tests no problem.
My second class with her, and I cannot say enough good stuff about her.
He does pick out favorites, but that does not affect your grade or how much he will help you. When it comes to photography, this man is a genius. If for some reason he doesnt like you, trust me you earned it.
Good lectures that are supported with quizzes and tests. There is a review day before the test where you can ask questions on the review problems.
Amazing teacher! very helpful with any questions, I lost interest in math before i had him as my teacher but afterwards I feel like i understand math a ton better!! recommend taking any of his classes, I had him for calc 3 and diff-eq
I fought tooth and nail for my C. He is an engineer first and he makes you think outside the box, which I like. Makes you think about how and why you got an answer. I am just not very good at math so that is why I had a hard time. I didn't have time for a tutor so, at least I passed.
She was awesome! It was the only class my 1st semester that I actually looked forward to. You'll want to make sure to have a good, talkative group of people in that class, or else it may be boring. I was fortunate enough to have interesting, outgoing people, so it made for a great environment. Take it if you like to interact with students.
I liked her teaching style, it was both in groups and her up front lecturing. She likes to make eye contact with every student, so she wants everybody's desks in a line around the classroom. I would recommend this teacher to any one needing SC135.
Redundant on MLA.He's just from another generation, he's not weird hes old.
Lots of homework, but all of it is geared towards her exams, which does help. She does drop your lowest exam grade too, which i did not realize how much it helped boost my grade. Would recommend her to anyone. Only negative part is that she makes you watch videos before class to have an idea of what you're going to learn in class.
she is really up beat. But this make her kind of bothersome. but she actually is really nice. dont expect to get out early. and if you miss a class you cant make up work so dont plan on missing to much either.
Very easy prof, tells you exactly what he expects.
Good professor, clear lectures, covers all the material, keeps it interesting
This guy knows his bio, and is interesting. He looks like Steven Colbert... I wish I could take more classes with him.
Although I never met Julie, I enjoyed her online precalculus class. She didn't teach anything--it was all through a program called Thinkwell, but she emailed her students and gave feedback on exams. Based on that limited communication, Julie seemed like a nice lady. She also responded to emails crazy fast.
online 107. Easy A. Definitely take her online class over any in class lecture. Let's you repeat homework until you get 100% and tests are easy if you look at the reviews she gives.
Great teacher! She was helpful and she knows her stuff! I had her online for 107 and am looking forward to having her online again for 131!
Deep thinker, good professor, just takes time to get to what he is trying to express.
Interesting class, very passionate prof. Highly recommended!
he is the most quotible man ever! gotta love him!
nice, funny guy. good prof
This is the best professor I had during my time at MSU. Funny, smart and completely engaged in the subject matter (as well as being well recognized in the academic community).
Prof Hower made stats very manageable. Posts notes on bb to print off before class. Never tried to trick you on tests, they were very straightforward. We took weekly quizzes but it was straight from the homework. She's a solid pick for stats.
Wonderful Professor, your quizzes are your homework so just make sure you get those done and you have an easy 100% on those. She prints off detailed notes for you so not much is required. Super nice and helpful, and is one who is known to cancel a class or two. Overall great prof, makes class very easy.
Prof Hower was so nice, but she was very unorganized! This did not affect my grade whatsoever, though. She cares about you succeeding, tests are easy, homework optional but can be used on all quizzes (quizzes are HW questions rewritten). One project that was NOT hard at all! TAKE HER! I HATE math and she made the class easy and interesting!
Jennifer Hower really appreciates that students do in fact have other classes going on. She does give homework a lot, but none of it is mandatory. She does give quizzes about once a week though. The quizzes consist of the exact same problems as the homework, so if you did that, you are allowed to use the homework on the quizzes.
Good teacher, funny and makes class go by. Gives formula sheets for tests. Requires you to know everything, but is fair and reasonable.
You hear the horror stories about stats but she is probably the best one to take!! Everything is posted way before hand so those organized people can get everything within the first few days. Quizzes are your homework questions (with the help of your homework!). For tests, she gives little sheets with all the formulas... take her!!!
goes kinda fast, good professor, hard tests
She is sooo hot, guys this is a must take!!
If you dont understand ask, she's very good one on one.She made class easy!
The material is difficult but she explains it well.
He gives clear explanations of difficult topics like options. His explanation of valuation formulas makes the math easy. Overall a good class and a good professor.
Blose is a very knowledgeable professor who has been teaching for a long time. He knows how to approach complex topics like options and present them in a clear and understandable way. I genuinely looked forward to his class every day. The only downside is he has trouble verbalizing his thoughts sometimes and makes grading mistakes frequently.
Easy A. Hard to make the class itself intersting because it is full of readings and knowing CFA standards but I think he did a pretty good job!
Pretty good prof. Teaches you what will be on tests. Give you formula sheets for exams.
One word: DULL. I got an A, and yet he put me to sleep every class. Welcome to your most boring finance class.
great prof, fun class, learned alot
Dr. Rich is an extremely sweet woman. Her class was super tough, but it was very rewarding. The only negative feedback I have is that the reading assignments are completely unrealistic. She'll expect you to read half of a novel between Monday and Wednesday.
Dr. Rich is intelligent and well read, quite professional. The class work load is rather heavy, sometimes excessively so.She takes what she teaches seriously, and does a good job of conveying the significance of the material she teaches. The material itself is, unfortunately, the trendy, postmodern, nihilist rubbish popular in academia these days.
OMG! Dr. Rich is awesome. I lover her. She's super nice, difficult (so you actually learn) without being too difficult. I had her for English 201, and being that I'm an English major, I'm looking forward to taking higher up classes with her.
Nice, interesting, sort of a tough grader though.
Good class; expect to learn.
Very cool. This class totally helped my writing!
Professor Herlache is very clear. I actually learned math... in the past I have never been able to grasp the mathematical conflicts.. but her worksheets helped so much! She is very nice and approachable, and I highly recommend her... Oh and she grades your notebook which just consists of the inclass worksheets and homework.. I got 107% on it!!
In order to keep up, do your hw and ask questions in class the next day. Take plenty of time to study and youll pass.
this guy can go on and on about anything....hes a very smart guy....he gives you the power point printed on paper and basically just gos over it and tells you what will be on the test just mark em and study very easy.
Easy class, hilarious professor... the combination is an 'A'
She talks very fast, and there is an amazing amount of information for a 2 credit class (should be 4). She doesn't share her PPTs, so bring a recorder if you plan on taking notes. If she sees you taking notes, she will increase the speed of her lecture. Tests are gruelling. Otherwise a very fair, and nice teacher.
Very helpful, tough tester. Study, study!
She only knows what is in the book, she brings no real world knowledge
Dr. Lee is an all around good guy. He goes over any questions you have and class and wants you to be successful. He keeps diff eqns lectures as interesting (as they can be)and likes to joke around during class. I thought that he was fair as far as the amount of material he choose to cover-in the past I have had profs who try to pack too much in.
She is funny and entertaining. She knows her stuff. The cases are actually fun if you read them. High recommends. Come to your first class with a Diet Pepsi. TRUST ME.
He's a genius, but a very harsh grader, takes several points off for no good reason. But, the projects and homeworks are easy and u can bring ur grade to a decent level with them.
If you talk to him and ask for help, he is great at spending time with you and explaining things again. Bottom line: good honest guy
Awesome professor with a wealth of knowledge on the subject.
Professor Hulst was very understanding and considerate when it came to late work, you just have to communicate.
Professor Hulst was a very kind person and really cares about helping his students. the only thing I did not like about him was the comments he left on papers were pretty unhelpful. But besides that, I still definitely recommend him as a prof
The challenge with this class is that he does not grade for an A but grades for improvement. The final grade does not come from him but from other profs. Make the writing center your friends and go weekly.
Great Professor classes are easy and helpful.
Professor Hulst does an excellent job of explaining the general concept of what he is expecting for the assigned papers. HIs handwriting may be bad, but his personality, stories, and egoistical sense of humor out weigh any bad that students might have with him.
You can tell he loves to teach and very enthusiastic about it! Even though he says he doesn't grade on who you are, I feel that participating in class helped me to get an A. He helps you with your papers and the topics were interesting. I thought he made this class as interesting as it could have been.
No need to worry about the due dates. Just write e-mails during lab and ignore him the rest of the time.
Nice and understanding. You can ignore most due dates and not attend class. Glad I had him.
lame jokes, great guy, very flexible (with work)
Super goofy and charmingly eccentric guy. Classtime is extremely laid back and feels less like a class and more like a discussion. The class dynamic is extremely chummy with a good deal of running jokes and stories. Not the most professional environment, but I guess that's better than having a dull, listless professor. Just don't sit in the back...
This was actually one of my few classes that I've enjoyed going to! There are only 3 exams that go towards your grade so I really struggled to do all the readings and study for exams. Also he can come across really strong but is really understanding and wants to help you
Brian is scary at first (I came late the first day and he nearly made me cry), but he gets better as the semester progresses. He only grades three tests but he always curves them by a ton of points, and the best thing to do when he's rude is dish it back, because he respects students with backbone. (Kinda)
The note-taking consists of him literally spending most or all of the class period telling us exactly what to write. It gets old, is strenuous and makes it difficult to pay attention to what he is actually teaching because we are worried about getting it all down.
Class is directed very well.
He's great
Professor knows the material. Tends to use own experience as examples, which aids in understanding terms. Although he has a rough past, he has pushed through to help younger generations, which is very admirable.
Brian is the best professor ive had out at Grand Valley. His intelligence and passion for sociology never comes across as belittling and he is more then willing to go back and clarify. He really wants his students to feel the importance of what he teaches and that helps a lot when it comes to studying his lectures and the books before exams.
Good prof tells it like it is. Test are very hard be prepared to do worse than expected. The readings are long and boring.
Be prepared to work your butt off, great teacher - very helpful out of class
This guy is amazing.Intelligent person. Very interesting class about life facts.
He is really cool, great guy, love the sex...class that is haha.
If you get a chance to be a facilitator, DO IT!! Although Jerry has a very dirty mind, he always has something funny to say. He was much easier to talk to as a facilitator than as a student.
Kind of annoying. When he talked he worked himself up into yelling and would ask questions about things we didn't know. This was a very hard class for me but im not good at math. Be sure to ask questions otherwise you won't hear about it again. He will go back over a problem and will ask if anyone had questions on the homework.
Great teacher, explains everything really well and clear. TAKE HOME QUIZZES!! all quiz/test problems are either from notes examples or hw so its not hard to get an A. goes over hw in beginning of class, claims that every question is easy so it makes u feel a little stupid but he still will do every problem u had trouble with. Cant get much better
He flies through material, which is great. Sometimes, though, he can be a little too helpful (i.e. homework probs) and that can slow the class down a bit. All in all an excellent teacher for people who love to learn math
Great teacher, easy as hell, it at all best when taken in the summer
I only took this class for a general ed. credit. Very easy class but wasn't as interesting as I thought it would be. Weekly exams, 1 midterm, 2 papers, and 1 final. The papers were fairly easy, one is about a concert you HAVE to attend and one is about a song you feel passionate about. Exams are all on Quizlet (incl. midterm and final).
Take this online class for an easy A to satisfy the GE requirement. There's a shared google doc with the answers to the weekly quizzes. So there's no need to watch the lectures. No required textbook. There is a required concert to attend and a written report on it. Easy A!
Very helpful and flexible. Very generous. Necessary to go to all 10 concerts...some are long, but simple attendance really helps the grade. four tests, all fairly easy.
Overall great professor! The class lectures are very interesting and he loves to hear your opinion. Best way to enjoy his class is to speak up and enjoy the movie clips. Extra credit is available and there is no exam. Just two papers :D
Took him for History of Sexuality. Definitely is passionate about the subject, lectures were for the most part interesting. Quizzes can be a little difficult if you didn't read the material but they're only worth 4 points each. Mid term and Final paper were an easy grade and worth 100 points each. Overall awesome guy! Recommended.
Required participation. Attendance not mandatory but you need in class notes to pass the test. Good class discussions.
Really cares about teaching. It seems as though it his passion. I am burning out on studying so hard so I ended up with a B+. I have one more class with him and I know he will do a great job. BA290 should be an easy 'A'.
Teacher makes you take quizzes online. You can practically google the answers for about 80% of the tests. Easy A just use google for the answers lol
Very Nice professor. Open book tests. Understanding and helpful.
The class was fun because Dr. Martinez relates things to contemporary issues. The course is very logically organized, and it is actually quite helpful in understanding everyday life.
difficult, but worthy. I have learned more from Dr. Martinez than most. great instructor to have here at CSUB
Rodney Pearson is a very intellectual type. I took his class in Visual Basic programming and had little interest in it beyond being a prerequisite for my degree. I had difficulty at first but eventually applied myself, this class 'instantiated' my love for computer programming and I owe this man a lot. Thanks, and keep kicking ass!
Dr. Kebede is fabulous. Funny, entertaining, and a fountain of knowledge. He made an otherwise sort of boring subject interesting and his expectations were not bad at all.
Very professional and knowledgeable. A bit disorganized in his notes but overall a great experience to take him. Don't worry about his accent if anything it makes you pay more attention
Dr. Kebede is really nice and helpful! He is better thn Dr. Dugan that's for sure! When it comes to grading he keeps in mind we don't have a masters degree or an upper degree; therefore grades easy on us. When questions asked via email he doesn't require a "meeting" like other professors, he has no problem responding through email.
Best teacher at BC. His enthusiasm helps the class get into the subject. There are probably about 8 quizes and 2 tests.
understanding, friendly, knowledgeable, ENTERTAINING+HILARIOUS! 90% of tests on the HEAVY reading. DON'T PROCRASTINATE ON THE 15pg PAPER OR IT'LL KICK YOUR ***! i did &ended up writing 24/7, no sleep for 4 days. high expectations but'll bend over backwards to help &you'll learn a LOT. HIST=dull but his personality makes it fun. GREAT teacher+friend
Great teacher and fun class!
This guy was awesome; he was hilorious and made the class fun. There was a ton of reading and u have to keep up but i would definatly recomeend him.
Definitly an easy A if you know how to read and can comprehend anything beyond a Jr. High level book. Lays everthing out clearly. So jocks I dont recomend this class
This class was pretty interesting. The grading seemed skewed. I was doing well throughout the whole class, yet somehow managed with a C+ due to the grade I got on the final, which was the EASIEST final I've ever taken (or so I thought!). Glazer isn't very approachable and I actually felt intimidated to ask him anything.
Really laid back & interesting professor, really boring subject. I often referred to it as "Common Sense 350." Although, some of the psychology was interesting. Class attendance & participation is a must, much of your grade depends on it. I wouldn't recommend him for shy/quiet students. He grades hard on presentations so form your group carefully.
Easy class... Lot's of group work... not boring... was able to make friends... interesting lectures... Nice guy... :) Although I don't like the group presentation part coz I hate public speaking... 1 midterm, 1 final, and group presentation.. check attendance most of the time.. make sure you attend class to get 5 easy points...
Great Class - Pulled all of the students together and the class had the feel of friends getting together each week. Very demanding and an A is tough but you will learn a bunch!
Be very specific on your test. Very kindhearted teacher, really wants to help his students.
I took trigonometry with professor Yansak and am currently in physics. I notice my classmates struggle with the trig, but I do not. I am not an exceptional student by any means, which makes me realize that professor yansak did a great job teaching me. thanks.
Good teacher, likes to have fun... I'm taking more classes that he teaches!!
awesome guy, funny and fun. good teacher and good notes for test
Counselor told me to take intro. to computers, didn't know it was for idiots. Got nothing out of the class but Simmons is the nicest lady, and you can skip class all the time. I missed for over a month straight and I still got an A. Simmons makes sure you do well
Easy teacher. Very nice. Test were easy. The only problem I had was that it cost a great deal to print things out again and again.
Be carefull, she doenst follow her sillabus when it comes to attendance, Miss once and she threatends to drop your grade. Also, she is unwilling to let you do other homework when you are done with hers. You just get to sit and do nothing.
I don't understand how any couldn't like Dr. Y. He provides a new approach to teaching history and is a great lecturer. While I am his biggest fan, I will say he assigns way too much work; there are lots of little hoops to jump through to get an 'A'. He provides a daluge of info which, while well organized, can appear confusing and disorganized.
Don't expect to learn history in this class- you'll be learning about history and teaching it, not the facts. You should be knowing those by now anyways. Dr. Y's teaching is fun and he is not a tough grader. The texts are quite interesting and there is always group interaction.
Dr. Y has a passion for history but that's a good thing. He teaches in a way that is different but will open your eyes to a new perspective of history. I enjoyed the class,the take home involves time so don't procrastinate and make sure you get your quiz grade back right away, he lost a few and then didn't give us credit for it.
Great teacher. Generally clear, uses powerpoint to guide lectures. Dont expect to slack, probably the most hard earned A- i have ever earned at state, but worth the effort. Keeps u involved, did not have to take ADD medication for this class
By far thee best teacher at SDSU. This is the only class I will be able to remember information from im sure :) He is animated, interesting, and very helpful. I wish he taught more classes so I could take them! Thanks Dr. Y!Civilzation=organization
You read during each class. I had 3:30-4:45 and we were always out by 4:15. Days on test you usually get out right on time or little bit early. Attendance is not mandatory, but showing up and listening will give you an A. He gives you extra credit every class to read. Really easy class.
Simply the most inspirational teacher at ECU. Plato would be proud. Without him, the Classic dept would dry up. No matter your major, take one of his classes. He taught me and now he's teaching my daughter and she loves him. But don't skip class, you'll pay for it dearly and you won't learn anything by sleeping. Oh, and bring an OPEN mind.
this class was sooo fun.....he makes it interesting and its really easy, all you do is look at pictures and talk about them and you usually get out early. he does take attendance sometimes but dont worry about buying the books, you prob wont use them.
i also got the sense that he loves his job.. he's very friendly.. great teacher, i think.. but because of the way his grading system worked for my class, i have to grade him down a bit..
Awesome, professor! Generally cares about his students, class isn't that difficult, just go to lectures and pay attention, his material is lengthy but very well organized. Two ways to look at him versus other professors teaching CS108/107. Either take him and gradually be introduced to CS program, or work hard in 107/108 then work hard in 310...
Good class to be in
Great professor. Hammers the basics while remaining very lenient on grading. Great intro to java professor, would recommend highly
Be ready to read and discuss in class!
Shapovalov is a nice lady. The readings were interesting but there were lots of them. Attendance matters since it's a once a week class.
She is really cool! And I loved taking her CS class but it was a bit boring.
Great teacher! Gave good examples and taught exactly what she tested on.
excellent teacher for CS 140 which sets the foundation for CS 147 . i began to love assembly programming after learning with her . very systematic, great class notes , exams that challenge you without killing you . You need to study regularly though else you can slip your grade .
I'm not an easy guy to motivate into doing work, but she does that easily. She teaches in an interesting manner that you will find both informative and helpful as a CS student. Very clear with her lectures and what she expects from you.
Prof Cubillos is so helpful! He is really strict on pronunciation and only speaking in Spanish but it has helped me so much and no other Spanish prof has been able to do that. He at least makes the class entertaining and is really funny. Highly recommend taking him if you really want to improve your conversation skills
Very nice and helpful. He paid alot of attention to pronunciation so be sure to practice. Also participate as much as possible it could save your grade. In my opinion he graded too hard and did not take into consideration that none of us are native speakers or know the small nuances and grammer rules but all in all he was pretty fair.
Def. full of himself, but an amazing teacher who knows the stuff inside and out. He will teach you so much and any of his spanish classes are worth taking because you will learn an amazing amount He requires alot of his students but it's all worth it in the end.
Shows jokes and clips at beginning of class to give YOU time to get there before he starts. Sometimes writes code on the board; sometimes actually codes. Usually lets you use notes for tests and is willing to help if you run into troub. Anyone that complains about him probably complains about everything. Very fair professor.
He doesn't talk much, just gets on the computer and starts programming. Easy if you know anything about programming/computers. Class usually lasts 20-25 minutes and he shows funny videos and stuff.
Professor Bodnar is an awesome teacher. His lectures can sometimes be a little boring but generally he shows films and music clips which are cool. The grade is based on 4 quizzes and 4 tests which are not hard, just follow the directions. Highly recommend taking this class if history is interesting to you!
Fantastic teacher, fun and very interested in the subject, also uses fun movie clips
Never had tests, only HW and Labs. Also never had a due date, most kids just put everything off and turned in everything at end of semester. I stopped going to Zoom lectures cause he would ramble. At the end of the semester he just gave out A's to most of the kids, I was missing nearly half of my HW and never did the final project. Nice guy too.
Hands down: This man in insane. But he's fun to watch, good class
Programing is not easy and he tries very hard to make it understanable.
The course is difficult but Prof. Trefzger does all that he can to make it interesting and fun. Attend all of the classes and go to the review sessions. I recieved a 44 on my first exam and an 'A' on my second due adopting this. I only wish that we could use a formula sheet on the exam.
I haven't really interacted much with him but he seems like a pretty good teacher. He posts an overview at the beginning of each week so we know what we will be learning. The thing I don't like is the textbook in my opinion is no help towards the course as the info is so difficult to find. But he provides other sources for info so it balances out.
Very , very tough subject (Unix shell programming) know his stuff.
The classes from Andy have had an impact on my life more so than most of my classes at IU. He inherently provides that due to being accessible to those outside of the Music school; however, if you pay attention to his material, you can provide that to yourself or (in my case) to your offspring as the years pass. I can't thank Andy enough.
I absolutely loved this course and this professor. Though my grade was lower than I had expected I still rate this as my favorite class of the semester. Hollinden is super down to earth and exactly what you would expect of a history of rock n roll prof. I would take this class every semester if I could. Highly recommend!!
Good nature guy, knows a lot about the subject (Frank Zapp/Mothers of Invention).
Andy is a rock star! This is the class that taught me the most my entire college career. He makes learning fun and is just a great teacher/man. You learn about great music and will remember his info for life. He can poke fun at students some times, but it is in good fun. He cares about teaching you.
Really funny, energetic, and knows the material and is passionate about it.
very knowlagable of the material but i think he expects too much form the class as far as knowing as much as he does
Pretty easy teacher, and a nice guy all my friends took him as well and liked his class
I loved this professor!! He's so nice and extremely interesting. He tells great stories and seems to really take an interest in what his students have to say.
From Ethiopia but has been in U.S. for 20 years. Fascinating person, good teacher.
Prof. Head is the best. He can spend an entire class making jokes about Purdue!!1
Whoever said her E105 class is too difficult for a 100-level course is a moron. How hard is it to go to lecture and take notes? Seriously. All you do in that class is write down what she says, because that's what she'll test over and nothing else. She teaches by the book/articles, so nothing is off-topic. Definitely a great class. SHE KNOWS A LOT!
I don't know why everyone hates her so much. I didn't mind the class or her at all. I thought her approach was unique considering the currency and stock market projects. Would you rather just learn through lecture and repetition? Linz is not the devil she's portrayed by some lazy people...
Glen Gass will run the same way of teaching each and every class. He will turn the lights out, everyone will take their laptops and phones out, and Professor Gass will play music very loudly and display a bunch of notes which you will need to pay close attention to and study as those will be on the 3-4 exams. 1.5 hour class lecture but funny guy.
Glenn Gass is the coolest teacher EVER. Never even thought about missing one of his classes. He always found a way to make class fun. TAKE HIS CLASS
Best professor! Classes are always enjoyable, even if the music being studied isn't your favorite. Never wanted to skip class, always guaranteed a laugh. Just listen to the music and the class is amazing.
there are places we remember all of our lives...balantine hall is one of them! awesome beatles class, loud music, passionate Glen!!The girls love a big teddy bear...I know what the Lennon legend is...I always knew...all you need is love, that's right Glen!!! Rock on...
Amazing professor.
Professor Wellman is an overall fair professor. Her tests cover the subject material gone over in lecture-DEFINITELY take notes, you really don't even need to buy the textbook at all. The writing assignments are short and help to pad your grade.
I loved this guy. He made philosophy fun, which is hard to do! Wish I could have met him in person instead of just through technology (it was an online course).
the class is ridculously easy! we only had to write three papers- 2 to 3 pages each. have no clue what hes saying half the time- strong accent. hes always in a good mood though, constanly laughing at jokes no one but him can understand. i had to take his 3hr class, but we only ever stayed hour and a half every class. hes a good pick!
Doc is a good guy. Yeah he can be kinda full it of it sometimes and he repeats himself a lot but he does help you build connections and tells you how it really is in the sports industry. This class will be exactly what you make of it.
Loves what he teaches and it shows...too much group work!
Julie was super sweet as a professor, and probably the best accounting professor at Kelley. The material is just difficult and the way she teaches the course doesn't make it easier. I'd recommend meeting with the free tutors during each unit in preparation for the exam.
Julie is very energetic and friendly but her voice is not the first thing you want to hear in the morning. Can get by without doing the readings. The lab is most helpful. She tells you all the tricks she will throw at you in class so attend class. Tests are somewhat challenging and the final was pretty difficult (curved the final overall grade 6%!)
I mean...look at the material. She makes a boring class rather fun. In the upper 10% of the professors in IU.
Although I disliked her for A100, she is an Excellent teacher in A305. Fairly easy, very useful!
Professor Head is a wonderful teacher and I highly reccommend her. Her course is quite difficult but there is help out there. Go to lecture and practise what you learn.
This guy is word for word. what ever he puts on the board he puts on the test...He even says a third grader can do the stuff he does!
This guy is word for word. what ever he puts on the board he puts on the test...He even says a third grader can do the stuff he does!
Good Teacher, Very Easy Tests, Lots of writing. Makes you keep a log over the entire semister. Give him a A+
He's super chill as an honors professor. In class assignments were almost always group, with one presentation at the end. Not hard at all he's super passionate about the honors program.
Talked in circles sometimes, esp. in the earlier part of the semester. Seems to be interested in teaching what is really important in life and generally went beyond the literature. He really got me thinking in a larger context. Grading is fair and your writing will improve. Attendance policy is reasonable. I learned a lot!
SP 05 -- Very Funny and Easy A--Take Home exams you can work in groups -- Take the class if you hate ACC and want a good grade-- he'll make it easier for you but if u want to learn -- Take it with another professor
Great professor! The subject matter is difficult, but Dr. Peters is real helpful, especially during office hours, where he goes through things very thoroughly. Has a fairly generous curve for the honors class
The poetry section helped me expand my thinking abilities for when we had to write critical thinking papers later in the course. Direct feedback in conferences was very helpful.
It's been 8-10 years since I took this class; of my non-major profs, he is 1 of only 2 I distinctly remember. Hard? Yes. Make you think? Yup. I played devils advocate, fought back respectfully, & actually understood his humor. I think that helped, but this was still the hardest non-science class I have EVER taken. Make him respect you.
Probably the best teacher at UCM. Yes he will mark you down on things that may seem minor to you. But it has been about 10 years since I have had the privilege of having him as a teacher. They key is...make him laugh. I know this seems to go against his somber appearance. However, If you make him laugh you will have a great semester.Good guy
Tried to switch this class because I knew how hard he was. Had perfect attendance and read every story/every assignment, and still only got a B. (My first one ever in English) In the end I learned a lot about literature, and the fact that he can clean out a classroom by midterm.
I have had a crush on him ever since I took a course with him. If it were possible, I would marry him and bear his children.
Dr. Obertino is uncompromising and challenging, which is an admirable and a rare quality in a professor. He actually expects you to think.
I thought the class was really fun and he gets really into it too. Definitely a nice guy both in and out of the classroom. People below who took the intro level classes and complained were probably just too dumb to be taking LING classes.
Great lectures & discussions. Really smart - knows his stuff. Mostly very good w/answering questions. Occasionally seemed a bit annoyed or defensive at questions which could be interpreted to challenge him. Overall definitely recommended.
Lectures were really boring, but you had to go to do the lecture quiz. So many different assignments to do for that class, it was just hard to remember what to do. The teacher was very nice though, she really wanted everyone to learn. Not to mention, the grading scale was way more than fair! (85-100 A)(70-85B) etc...
Enjoyed this professor as a person, was fairly humorous. His only draw back is his light tone that is difficult to hear from farther back, so do plan on sitting close. Only need e-text, so buy MathLab. Test's are easy if you study.
He makes the class easy. I just haven't been doing well because I have not done the homework.
He's pretty much the coolest man I've ever met and he teaches his class very well! He's in definently a hunksicle! I love his class and I love Dr. James Meeks!
Dr. James Meek is a wile man. His humor is dry and it's fun to attend class. Don't underestimate the importance of the things he shows you that he refers to as "free information". Great drill teachers.
Dr. Meek is AMAZING! He reminds me of a really confident Jack Nicholson that really kicks butt! He's very humurous but when it comes down to work, he's all or nothing. NO SLACKERS! Pay attention and STUDY! oh and don't disrespect him. He'll git ya.
Cole is not as great as everyone makes him out to be.He is very charismatic, though. Tons of uselss definitions in the readings. Tests are tricky. Attendace is mandatory b/c he checks to see who is there every few classes. One of my least favorite classes, but would prob take Cole if I had the chance.
Had her for my online CIS 120 (intro to photoshop/illustrator) and she was one of the only online teachers who gave me feedback on assignments. Excited to have her next semester and next year for more graphic design classes, she seems like a genuinely nice lady even through an online class.
She was a super nice, polite, professional lady :] I agree with the comment that said she knew a lot about her subject, she just didn't really know how to answer questions off the spot. It's like she had to think about them a bit. :)
Parkerson is cool, nothing too bad. You're graded on: homework & labs that are twenty percent of your grade each. two tests that are fifteen percent each of your grade. and the final that is thirty percent of your grade. Regardless, knowing how to do the homework is key.
Excellent teacher, very enthusiastic. Likes for his students to read a few books, but they're interesting. Overall= grade A.
Although the weekly readings and quizzes are sometimes difficult, it is all very interesting and the grades are curved. I scored as low as 50% on some of the quizzes, but still made an A in the course. Mr. Cochran is very understanding about making up quizzes and likes to have discussions during his lectures.
Professor Cochran is great. He likes to tell interesting stories that may sometimes be off-topic, but makes all of his lectures interesting nonetheless. Would take this class again!
Cochran is awesome! And pretty easy. I've heard that Marren's tests were much harder.
Cochran is by far the best and most lenient grader of the three H2P I professors. He makes you write short one page essays insted of taking quizzes. I can't wait to have him again in H2P IV.
Cochran is definitely the easiest of the H2P I professors. Instead of weekly quizzes, you're required to write an informal one-page reaction paper, but it's great for test prep. Take him over McCray and definitely over Frederick!
Prof Finlay was an awesome teacher--he explains the material extremely thoroughly and makes class interesting because of the crazy amount of knowledge he has on anything related to western civ..every class period i sat there amazed at what all he knows. make sure and take good notes!
Weekly quizzes based on one book every two weeks or so. Fivesix-page papers generally critique assigned reading (five per semester). Get ready for lecture every day, without much discussion. But this is a sweet and intelligent prof who appreciates your hard work, if you are up to the challenge. Must attend class.
He's really a fantastic teacher and has great insights on the topics he discusses. I found all the classes I took from him to be interesting, entertaining, and educational. Yes, he'll mess with your mind, but you've got to have a mind to mess with first.
Okay so overall it wasnt that bad of a class, watch a movie a week on your own time then have a discussion about it. Theres a group presentation every week which has to be 30 min long and only 2 papers and 3 Exams and thats it so make sure to do well on those. Since its only a few things
His quizzes do not accurately test your knowledge of the textbook (and will make a noticeable impact on your final grade as a result), but besides that, he's pretty down to earth and has been more than helpful to me and my group mates this semester. Working with film stock is intimidating, but he does a fine job of diffusing that fear.
This was my 2nd semester with Dr. Brewer (I had her for chem I & II), and she is so sweet and caring to her students. She teaches chemistry very well, probably the best at U of A. There's some drawbacks though (this is more prevalent in chem II), MasteringChem (HW) & the tests SUCK. Especially the final exam, it was absolutely AWFUL. Study HARD.
DO NOT SKIP CLASS EVER. She keeps lecture interesting by providing joke breaks and you get plenty of class participation points. Her lectures are long but so beneficial to learning. She makes herself available to all students, and this is a very large class. Some extra credit is given
I actually had Mrs. Norman, but i soon realized that if i actually wanted to pass, something had to change. so i went to brewers class, she helped me soo much, paul is kool too, so at all costs avoid norman. get brewer but paul is a good substitute if u cant get brewer..
Good teacher, Funny. Interesting course. Go2 every class. Take detailed notes. On pop tests, write down everything, not just what he asks (from notes); expand upon it if possible. Study the practice tests for the material, and NOT the answers (try to understand what each answer means, not just the correct one). For me, the class was easy, but YMMV.
I love this professor! Come to class on Friday especially, he likes to give pop quizzes.
Professor Stapp is really into economics and even though this semester and his class really challenged me I decided to take my second Econ class with him as well next semester. He calls on random people during class to answer questions and make sure you are paying attention (both zoom class and in person class). Make sure to do bonus opportunities
All that I can say about Dr. Stapp is that there is a Method to the Madness!
Very interesting guy. He loves to talk about everything from organizational performance to Italy, to his fiance. Gets very excited about high performance organizations. But sometimes he has a little bit trouble reaching across to his students, and often goes off on tangents, which hampers class progress.
If you take dj adams,you will have the time of your life. best blowoff class ever. I went to one class the first week and never went again and got a 96. Tests are easy, boring lectures but you do no need to go, and overall interesting class.
He tends to ramble but over all hes a fantastic teacher. He played music almost everyday before class that had to deal with what the lecture was going to be about that day. Lots of extra credit opportunities too!
Lectures (very boring) the first 30 minutes of class and then leads into optional gaming portion of class, if you win you can receive extra credit. Attendance is not mandatory. I always skip class, go to the review session held by the TA the night before an exam and makes A's on the exams. Typically there is an exam every two weeks.
Awesome instructor. If not clear on something, he will explain it again if asked. Fun, though,not always interesting. Class was very easy. Skim the study guide or read a short chapter and the quizzes were a snap. Just 2 short papers and 1 longer one. He gives lots of extra credit. Great open discussions. Class actually applies to real life.
Whoa... boring! Thinks hes funny but hes not. Laughs at his own jokes.. Its an ok class to take, not that hard, if you can stand to sit through it.
Nice guy, course is meant for Soci but still has a conservative bias.
This guy is the best prof. I had EVER had, graduate or undergraduate. I HATED history before I took his class. Now, I can't get enough. He knows his subject and can communicate it in such a way as to make it drop-dead fascinating. I'd listen to him read the phone book - he's that good.
F317 was somewhat difficult, but easier than many other 300 levels. The quizzes at the end of EVERY lecture are usually 3 easy questions and 1 hard one. Only curved the class 2.5% after saying an 85% could be an A-. Still nice guy, but focuses on life experience not typical class structure.
Very good class to take. But most of the time it was hard for me to stay awake. Homework and tests were not really hard. Gave curve points for attending class so that was helpful!
Dr. Espie is the most organized professor I have had at Cabrini. She tries to make every lecture important and interesting. Sometimes the material is difficult to understand, but once you get it, it makes all those other classes you took seem worthwhile. Biotech brings everything together.
I was dreading this class because it was a requirement but honestly I'm glad I took it, I got to meet a wonderfully passionate person. Never have I seen a teacher go above and beyond for his students. Top notch, my only regret is I didn't find him sooner.
Dr. Moody is such an interesting man. The lectures tend to wander from the subject. Overall an easy class that he can make quite interesting at times.
EASY A Take this class to raise your GPA. Show up and sit in the front row, converse with him as much as you can. He has amazing stories but this will also make you more likely to earn a high grade. Easiest classes I have taken and I enjoy him so much. I highly recommend world myth as well. Do not buy the $80 book, the old version is fine.
Very smart guy, test aren't too bad but can retake as many times as needed
He is always there for you when you need help understanding a concept and he also is funny during class.
Great Calc prof! Made the class easy to understand and gave awesome test reviews!
Great teacher, actually cares if we learn. Hard to tell when he's joking!!
Oh just take him.
Very funny, and laid back
Very intelligent.Interesting lectures.Tough tests,but generous grader.Two of the books were boring-there is 4.Oh and he's SEXY!First man i've ever been turned on by bc of his BRAINS.He's so intriguing to me.I would love to go to dinner with this man and just listen to him talk about his experiences.His intellectual capacities are phenomenal. ;)
Keeps class entertaining, very approachable. Not too clear on how he grades or what things are worth. Takes attendance for every class, but never mention if it would be part of the final grade. Uses webcourse for most of the assignments, no textbook use. Got B+ because I forgot about a few online assignments, overall not bad.
he's fixated on Mcluhan and the readings are really hard but his classes are a blast. he knows a lot about media and sometimes the class seems to be about life.
He was a fun professor who always helped when you needed it.
Sonja is an amazing and dedicated instructor who really loves the topic of psych. You have 5 tests and 1 project for the class and that is it, which can be good or bad... I didn't mind. She gets a little distracted during lectures due to her passion for the topic. And by distracted I mean she shows lengthy video.. not too bad! Overall, great class!
She was so great to have...a joy to talk to, and a great suppliment to the video series accompanying this course!
She is an excellent sociology teacher. But I agree that her test and quizes were confusing and tricky, and she grades somewhat harsh.
Easy to learn from.
He's pretty good. Not very exciting, but's he's not hard.
Class is a boatload of work but is super useful for Ed majors. Knows material very well. Helpful (esp during office hours) easy grader. Assignments can be vague but don't freak! Accepts almost anything and is very understanding.
He's a sweet man and an excellent teacher but very demanding at the same time. Prepare to work hard but take away more then you thought you could learn in college, both from textbooks and just the chance to hear him speak.
Very funny and has great stories.
Dr. Vivian is amazing. Not only is she a genuinely nice, interesting person, but she knows. her. stuff. She's so full of knowledge that you can't help but want to soak it all in. Her classes are always fun and well-rounded. You really get more than what you pay for. Take any course by her!
Very good professor! Lectures well, maintains interest, very passionate. A little too reading heavy, but this is college so that can be expected. I would take her again for sure, I learned alot from her, she grades fairly and detailed which helped me learn from each assignment. Be ready for a challenge, but take her class!
Shes very good at getting the message across. it tends to be entertaining depending on the topic. she doesnt expect huge essays and tries to help you with them.
He tends to go off on tangents sometimes.
he is awesome, i have had 2 classes with him and hope to take more. he reminds me of the professor in dead poets society...engaging and very intelligent. exams are not hard even if you only do half-hearted study
Crazy teacher but cool. Although he could never get any electronics going. If so he let us out early. Def. take him again
Great teacher. Loves her students and very interested in whether they learn or not. Great asset to CSUB spanish department.
I loved taking this class! Not only was the class material interesting but she was too. The lectures went by fast and i suggest you take notes. I haven't opened one page of the book and I have an A. Group projects are easy and don't take much. Her grading system for tests is genius! I recommend her and this class to anyone and everyone:)
Get ready to study. Take really good lecture notes. Did I say study? Study more. Get a group to study with, share your notes, and study EVERYTHING she says to study. She does not waste ANY time. Every class is packed with new info that you better begin to assimilate if you want a decent grade.
I really enjoyed his class (the reason I'm a psyc major now). Though reading the text is a must (especially the text under the pictures in the margins), he was very helpful. Just remember to be specific in the essays!!
To the point. No surprises. Tests are consistent with the lectures. Interesting subject. You could tell he liked the subject. Only thing bad was that we went through almost every chapter of the book in 10 wks., which was too much reading.
I learned so much from the lectures; they were never dull. Although the tests were manageable, the essay questions the class did get were graded pretty harshly; that alone, however, is not a detriment to a good grade. And, of course, reading the textbook is a wonderful thing and part of success in t
So nice! Easy teacher, very helpful
very nice lady. repeats everything plenty. papers are very easy. tests can get tricky, but she goes back and adds points. can be boring if poli sci isnt your cup of tea. attendence is checked. good amount of reading. good teacher knows her stuff REAL well
Explores so many important ideas. Very well done, but test can be a little hard
She's nice and pretty interesting to listen to, but study hard for those tests.
The class itself is reaaaallyy easy. I never missed an answer on a test, ever, in that class. The only problem I have is his grading. The best thing to is to copy EXACTLY what the problems look like on your paper. That means the dimension arrows, style of support, EVERYTHING. If something is off, he will find it, and you will see a -0.25 lol
Well, it seems that most of the other comments are 100% correct. Pretty much everything about this course is hard. Do I have a great grade? No. Do I feel like I have learned a lot from him? Yes. He will definitely teach you self-discipline (lack of self-discipline = bad grade).
unlike most people i like jong as a teacher. just dont ever ever try to answer questions, he'll torture you! hey his tests are predictable, so it makes it easy to study. and i like his chinese proverbs, they are hilarious
He makes you to think a lot
Great approach to Senior Seminar. I liked the class and it wasn't that hard to keep up if you did the reading. The book was interesting, too. Highly recommend instructor.
Dr. Suter is very intelligent and teaches a very difficult topic. You need a biology background to truly comprehend the material. Very hot and funny.
all you guys complaining about his class obviously didn't meet with him about your problems. It was a great class. Not easy, but worth the effort. (way too old to be called hot though)
This class should be 4000 for the amount of work needed for it. It will tear you to shreads if you just do the usual 2000 level amount of work for it. spiegel is awesome though, makes the labs really fun, and trys to help all he can on tests, but they are still near impossible.
Grammy could be very boring but he actually explains the subject very clearly. Plus just by attending and doing all the homework, studying for the quizzes(only 2) and your midterm you can easily get a "A". Make sure you buy the text books, because ALL his questions for quizzes, midterm, final are on it plus allows cheat sheet for final and midterm!
His lectures are done on Power Point and are sold in the bookstore. EASY TESTS!
Knows her stuff. Challenges students and there to help them learn.
Class can be tough...but he can be fun also
I failed his class..OK i agree he is hard. .but you will learn in his class. so,If u are up for some challenge go ahead take him. or if u just want to take the easy way.Go ahead take Miranda for Cell. Remember in the end what matters is not the Grade you got, but what you learned in college.
I took his class in the summer. Loved his look of hawaiin shirt, shorts, and his lab coat. He made the class fun with his jokes.
Dr Gea is an incredibly nice professor and really knows his stuff. Those who rate him poorly simply do not understand that in a freshman class with such a heavy curriculum, they've got to take what he teaches during lecture and use it to learn outside class. The many ORs are nearly identical to the exams and help you learn the material.
Pretty easy, no tests just essay questions that you answer whenever you have time. Pretty easy grader for the most part. I think you learn a lot because you write a lot instead of prepare for tests you brain-dump at the end. Loved the online class, was great. Didn't read all the chapters..just looked for what he wanted. 10-15 pg easy term ppr req.
Excellent professor. Very clear and interesting lectures. Fair, straight-forward tests.
Dr. Spencer really just reads the book and puts the examples on the board.
even though the information is interesting, any science lecture can't help but be a little dry. but whenever it starts sapping your will to live, professor zimmerman will revive you with his sense of humor. I think I had a crush on him
The lectures tend to be lengthy but Professor Casper is very engaging. Attending the lectures is useful for passing the midterm and final but you can watch the movies on your own time if you're like me and can't sit still for the four hour long class
Most influential teacher I have ever taken, either you love him or he makes you uncomfortable. I love him and his passion for film.
Overall really great professor! He loves his job and is super enthusiastic and makes the lectures entertaining. Most of the movies for the class were really good too. The grade is based on 2 essays, a midterm, final, and participation.
To any two people, he is either passionate, charismatic, and engaging or crazy, vain, and off-putting. I am under the former school. Class mostly revolves around lecture notes, so please for the love of God get help from your TA if you are confused. His lectures, however, are spot on and unique to both him and USC. The most polarizing class at SC.
Don't let people talk you out of taking a Casper class because he makes up his own terms - they're choosing not to focus on all the good things. You have to accept that Casper is eccentric and then allow yourself to enjoy his interesting and brilliant teaching style. Take him to lunch, I respected and liked him so much more afterwards.
Challenging midterm & final, 2 papers graded by TA. Use lecture outlines in reader for note-taking. While Casper is intimidating, I learned an immense amount about cinema--academically & philosophically. His lectures are performance-like, often hilarious. I'd call him playfully abrasive. Loved 190, hope to take another class with him in the future.
Casper is fantastic. You won't always agree with him, but you've got to give him credit for knowing his field well and putting on a thrilling (and often funny) lecture. However, the TAs and their varied expectations can really make or break your experience. Some of them are needlessly picky about details and don't know how to write well.
Casper is fun and interesting!
A great lecturer.
In the movie version, he should be played by William Sadler. Intense and charismatic. I often disagreed with some of his readings of films, but he was never dull. If he knows your name, he WILL call on you; stay alert. Gotta admire that level of passion
I thought some of his ideas were crazy, but now that I'm also teaching cinema I realize he's right most of the time.
First class I've ever taken at CSUB that I was sorry to see the semester end. I wish there were another quarter possible. Loved it!
Dr. Kliensasser went way out of his way to help me! Highly recommend
Write down everything he says. Lets you use notes for tests. Has a sense of humor but sometimes repeats his lectures and he can teach the same stuff multiple days. Must stay interested or youll have a hard time passing. End of term project is a little hard but he gives you the whole semester to work on it.
It's online so of course there's homework. I took his class online despite the reviews I saw; he's actually very good at helping you. Do the 2-3 discussion posts and 3-4 assignment questions asked for per week & you won't fail. He follows the textbook when it comes to exam questions, soo get the textbook. The course is mostly common sense.
He was fun,exciting & entertaining. I missed a few classes because of some personal issues i was having, and he was very sympathetic. He let me make the work up and i received a B+.
funny guy, wants evry1 2 do well. c'on, take home tests, he can't be that hard!
Good professor, interesing ways of teaching
good teacher, really helped the people who had no idea what they were doing. makes comments to people that may be hurtful to someone, so have tough skin coming into his class. dont go into the class thinking you know everything otherwise he will put you in your place
I hated this class but really only because of the material. She was really specific in her explanations and lectures so that I understood the authors sometimes without even doing the readings. Also on all of my exams which are essays, I got a much better grade than expected so I'd say she's an easy grader
Really nice and a pretty decent prof. Gets crazy and excited about the subject.
Easy online course. Grade based on 2 papers, 2 tests, and participation in discussions. Tests were all essay questions, pretty easy as long as your answers are thorough. Fair grades given on the papers. Seemed like a nice enough guy. Only gripe is that the tests are set at difficult times on Saturdays. Hard to make time when you work.
Overall very nice teacher. Easy in a sense that he just lectures, no hw, & online exams which yes you should study but you can use your notes if you forget something. I took his AVT course. Not bad. Just take notes WORD BY WORD. Study it & you're good to go. It's not easy, but its not hard either. Alali is not hard to understand. Will take again.:)
He can be intimidating to approach but if ur a comm major this shouldnt be an issue to overcome. Comm 200 is very easy but his online class is hard. He designed it to be self explanatory. Any questions 1 may have r most likely answered by the syllabus. Best way to talk to him is 1 on 1 in his office. In person, hes great & much more willing to help
Charismatic, experienced, knowledgable, instructor. I recommend his classes.
At first he seems tough, and it seems like its a ton of work, but in the end it's totally easy. He lets you drop two essays and a quiz. Just can't beat that.
Hated him at first but grew to like him. Funny hairdo.He seems to know everyhting! I learned alot and am glad I had him. Hard class, lots of reading, hard tests, harder papers, but rewarding. He gives ample opportunity for xtra credit (youll need it)!!
good prof. very helpful when you ask questions
Excellent! Cares about the students and their comprehension of the material
Gives help whenever you need it
The class itself sometimes was very boring but i enjoyed Dr. Reyna's stories and knowledge of Mexican American history. As for the homework, short essays and punctuation most of the time.
all people who say hes bad at teaching are insane.theyre expecting someone to hold their hand and learn for them.he teaches off of life experiences,and he is so knowledgable.i got to the point where i dont even care what my grade turns out to be,i am learning a priceless amount about photo and life.
I would reccomend Mrs. Fox for ENGL110. Overall classes are pretty brief because she only tells you is what you need to have for the following class. The downfall is she does not post grades or give grades back so you will not be too sure what grade your are actually getting. The upside is she is really sweet and I generally liked her as person.
Fox is a great person and teacher. While English usually isn't easy to all people, Fox makes it understandable and by the end you'll know how to write a proper research paper for the rest of your life. English isn't my strong subject, but with Fox I can say it wasn't my weak one either. Two research papers make up most of grade. Strongly recommend.
Honors- she's very nice but socially awkward which makes the class really boring and strange. response papers after reading 4 books and seeing 3 movies- pretty easy. didn't read a single book that was required. one major 10 page research paper due at the end of the samester. pretty easy grader. okay class, let us out after 10 minutes multiple times
Professor Fox is awesome, very understanding and kind. I thoroughly enjoyed this class and the work-load was very bearable and was graded generously. I am a student with a disability and although I did not use any of my accommodations in her class, I could tell she was very willing to do whatever she could to help me succeed.
Highly recommend her for freshman english. We have the mandatory research paper, and the entire class is spent preparing for it. The paper is long, but we hand in a page at at time so its really not a big deal. She's nice and pretty understanding. My friends with other teachers had A LOT more work then I did. I basically did nothing.
very easy class...get out of class early and have few assignments
Had her for many classes and she is just a great prof and anyone who has her will learn vauable information about PE
Was a very easy class but didn't cover all the material that was in the course outline. (disappointing!)
He is awesome!
Not the easiest professor, but makes the stuff he teaches interesting and able to be learned. You will pass if you show up every day and turn everything in on time. Likes to joke around in class, and keep the room from getting too stiff and things from getting too dull.
She is the sweetest woman! She sincerely loves her students and wants them to succeed. She's great at including everyone and you never feel stupid if you make a mistake. I will certainly miss her.
nicest little italian lady ever! i wish she was my mom! DO YOUR HOMEWORK! she says its ok but it really bothers her... she will do anything to help you... go to her office hours if you need ANYTHING! ... overall a excellect teacher
She's adorable&fun I like her a lot. expects students to work but is fair :)
Really easy class. Lots of short quizzes and group work to help your grade. A little studying is required, but not much. Teacher can kind of make you feel dumb a times for asking questions.
Took this course over the summer in four weeks--which I think made it easier. She does go very fast and I think she does try to humiliate you in front of the class. She has a problem giving perfect scores (at least my class thought so). Not so bad though, I'm used to her now so I'm taking her for 108.
She's very clear in class and i understood everything when i was sitting there, but when it came to the tests i got everything wrong. she makes you think you know what you're doing and then you fail the test. i had to switch out cuz my grade was so low and i changed my major.
Its intermediate, its gonna be tough. Read the chapters (ideally before class) and practice the problems he does in class. Hes pretty sporadically eccentric, some people are bothered by it, I think its a good break from lecture. Not a bad professor, just a miserable class
funny, weird, not clear in expectations, actg's boring, good teacher, strange
Low paper grader- teacher undergrad as grad class, lots of reading, easy to get by without doing anything...must show up.
It's a standard literature class: whether or not you read the material, just attend class and hang onto everything she says. I heard students complain because they didn't agree with her interpretations, but those interpretations happen to be the easiest to justify in an essay. Personally, I enjoyed her teaching, and would highly recommend her.
I thought this class was easy. I am a good writer so she liked me. I also, went out with here for a while.
I thought Laura was pretty awesome. She tested on materials she covered in class; I barely used my textbook. Be careful, though. She doesn't announce due dates, she just relies on students' diligence to check the syllabus. Basically, write down all the due dates and manage your time well and you will be good. I missed the first assignment and paid
Took Mag/Feature Writing during the summer, super easy. Since it's condensed in the summer, only had to write one long article. Did a bunch of short stories, really improved my writing style. Nice enough guy, don't complain about your grade b/c he will NOT change it. Don't need to show up all the time, but there are inclass writing assignments.
Class is NOT entertainment. Go to Vegas for that. Your $500 did get you the 3 credit hours. Marm was very warm with me and even let me email my assignments. Will make you re-do an assignment, but pay attention to why. It's editing, he's supposed to be critical. The quizzes were even great. Astonishing, I know.
Professor Sabol is pretty cool and has interesting lectures, but your mainly graded on abstracts, essays, and the exams. There are only a few of each of these so not many opportunities to raise your grade. Lectures can feel long as the information isn't posted online, but just keep on track and don't fall behind.
Go to all lectures and study all notes, and get help from TAs for writing papers. You'll at least get a B.
very interesting professor. can make the most boring subject interesting. he sometimes pissed me off though when he was moving through notes way too fast. his tests pissed me off also. he would put stuff on the test that he only briefly mentioned in class. wasn't in the notes or anything. i ended up getting an allright grade but i had to study alot
Great guy. Very funny, keeps class interesting with jokes. Pretty easy tests, textbook was not required. Likes to give lots of pop quizzes, but they are generally easy with usually one silly or very easy question. Moves through notes kind of fast so hard to keep up at times. Don't be a Yankees fan lol.
Very funny teacher who made the class interesting. Tests were kind of hard and the quizzes were sometimes tricky and loaded with silly and/or pointless questions.
Pretty good lectures. Take home tests suck but you can dictate your grade.
Easy class if you did your work and attended class. Doesn't take attendance, but has guest speakers throughout the semester! Highly recommended!
I thought his lecture were much more interesting than Amato's lectures. Amato is nicer but will bore you. Bodkin's tests are much tricker. I made sure to show up for class when he was teaching. I read the chapters twice before test time b/c his tests are hard. I could've gotten an A if Amato taught the entire semester. Overall this topic is easy.
Requires lots of reading for tests..Don't know what to expect on tests at all..
Funny teacher; made class interesting.
Take this class if only to meet Professor Worcester. Aside from learning much about political ideologies, you will meet a caring, down to earth, interesting guy who can offer a lot to your education both inside and outside of school. Mostly, his lessons will last past his course and through the rest of your life. I am grateful for this class
Really nice and fun to have as a professor!!
He is nice, class may seem a little borning at times, likes to give essays. Not too hard of a class
One of my fav. teachers! wish i could take more classes w/ her!
Took him over the summer for intro to com. He does not like when you show up late. Also strict on cellphone use. Pros- 3 test and but he only counts your two highest. no papers no other assignments no group work. my advice is to show up everyday take notes on lectures bc the examples he shares in class are on the test. test are reasonable.
Dr. Cran is a very enthusiastic and well versed speaker. He loves communications. However dont make the mistake of thinking you dont need to study just because the first time he tells you something it makes sense to you. He will make the ?'s on the test a bit harder to truly test your comprehension.. also, read/study group. Ask ?'s, he's helpful
He is hard but good
The only way you can make it through this course is if you enjoy film. The film lab doesn't consist of the latest blockbusters(thank goodness). Understand the chapter objectives for the test. Be prepared to write a lot for the tests! Oh the pain!
Jaus is great! He's funny and relates class material to everyday life. I wish more of my professors were like him, make him fit your schedule!
He's the man. Take notes and show up or don't bother coming though. Your notes will be the test itself. Don't try to BS him though or he'll take you to school.
Very interesting class. Teacher knows her stuff. Very Smart. Terrible Handwriting. Great class to have for long term use!
Anyone saying this class is just an easy A is not telling the truth. I enjoyed the class in terms of material but she was a very nit picky grader and the way grades were weighted made it very difficult to achieve an A. Thankfully she did drop your three lowest DB grades but still a relatively difficult class to maintain an A in.
WONDERFUL! I can only speak for myself, but I am currently taking Disney & Children's Lit with her and she's hilarious. She seems to approach things in a very laid-back, but structured manner. I would highly recommend her because she has taken an already very enjoyable subject and turned that into what has probably been my favorite class at UNCC!
Dr. Connolly helped change my life! Her understanding pleasant nature encourages you to learn.She takes special interest in the students' lives, and she is a genuinely kind person.I pray that I will be at least a fraction of the teacher she is. TAKE HER CLASSES!
AWESOME PROFESSOR! This class was so fun and interactive and would gladly take it again! I thought it was going to be graphic and hard to swallow but it was made very interesting to learn about
doesn't take attendance and you dont HAVE to do the homework! he explains things well and he usually has a higher class average than other stats teachers! i liked him a lot even though i hate stats, but the teacher was fun to laugh at. thumbs up!
Compared to most math teachers at this school, this guy speaks perfect english. The tests are a bit tricky and worded very different from the homework he assigns, no attendance taken either which is a plus if stat comes naturally to you.
Little difficult to understand, but an okay teacher
Good Professor, explains well
psych of diversity is an amazing class. it's only once a week...readings every week and a quiz on it, no tests, a bunch of little assignments. a really good class to take, makes you much more aware of things going on in the world. dr. gibson is really cool too.
Great background to teach this class, but as any professor: has her biases with gender isses which can get way out of hand in some lectures... and problems with inferiority to men. real good class after the first test.
do your hmwk and youll do fine! gives lots of opportunities to get a better grade! cute lil lady
graded problem write-ups are a little tricky, but class is interesting and fun
HIST 150 is an easy gen ed with minimal effort. Only one 10(ish) page paper. The first half of the semester are short 1 paragraph responses to the chapters in the book he assigns. His lectures are somewhat interesting, but my class was dull so it was hard to pay attention at times. Somewhat of a picky grader.
To clarify, I enrolled in Galgano's study abroad program in Paris and Normandy, France. The trip was breathtaking and I loved getting to know Professor Galgano and his wife. He did give us a bunch of easy, interpretive writing assignments. Professor Galgano is a great man, though, and everyone should take the opportunity to meet him!
he was great!
Its hard not to respect this man because he knows everything about history and is willing to share it. Be prepared to work REAL hard on a research paper (long one too....).
Truly, Galgano is a peerless instructor. Take any course and you will certainly not be disapointed. His knowledge of English history is so vast, that it borders on precognition.
i love dr. hallman. not only is he the sweetest and cutest man in the world but he's also hilarious. like others say do not graduate w/o taking a class with him. i will be taking many more
Best teacher ever, but you know he's going soon... Take his Williamsburg summer course and drink with him
She is an excellent teacher, very well informed and tests your knowledge. This is a real "college class" Be prepared in class but it will help improve your skills all around.
Tough so be prepared for class and always ready for a quiz...very nice and understandable though
Took online class it was an easy A. Don't expect to hear from the professor very often. But it is a simple class to meet your LBST req. with; I got a 100
Great class. Very good GPA booster. I took the online version and wow was it easy! If you know the basics of Word, Excel, and PowerPoint and are comfortable with using these programs this class will be a walk in the park for you. There are 13 weekly assignments one small group assignment. Nothing too complicated. I highly reccomend this course.
Posts old tests on blackboard, helpful and nice guy, though can be unclear at times.
Very clear on test material, a little boring but makes it easy
Wonderful professor. Fair grader.
fair grader, cares about students
Awesome professor! He's an EMT so he has hands-on experience!
very nice guy!! Excellent personality
Boring class. Pick a different econ elective. Don't bother buying the book b/c you won't need it. The study questions that go with the outlines are not helpful. Tests on a few things from the outlines, so questions carry alot of weight.
Wonderful teacher! Extremely intelligent guy. His powerpoints are helpful and clear. Explains the material thoroughly. 3 multiple choice tests, drops the lowest test grade. gives you two extra points for each test. One of my favorite professors!I highly recommend taking him for psychology! He wrote the textbook that is required too.
A good professor, rides a high horse, but probably deserves to.
I took this class not knowing what it was. It was easy but very boring. Good elective class.
The class work is bs but he's cool about it. Not hard to make an A
He was a nice professor! Very helpful and friendly if you come to his office! I was failing the course but studied hard for the final and managed to make it! Couldn't have done it without his help! His grading is hard and he does tend to go over your head sometimes when explaining things but try as hard as you can and go to his office!
I loved Professor Reiter! He is the cutest grandpa ever, plus he is great at teaching calculus. He allows students to use cheat sheets on tests and he always has review sessions as well. He brings tea and cookies to about half the review sessions. I loved having him as a teacher. He brightened my day!
He is very caring, learns everyone's names by heart, and invites everyone to tea and cookies in his office. As a teacher he goes fast and is hard to understand, but don't quit!! I failed every test and every homework, but showed up for every class and did the extra credit webwork and he pulled my grade up to a B. He won't fail you if you try.
Most of the time, when a student fails, he tends to blame it on the teacher. Now how can you explain that you fail and in the same class, some succeed ? I think this is due to hard work. I recommend this class to hardworkers. The Teacher is open to any student and and helps a lot... being from a non-english speaking country, I still made an A !!!
nice class, very helpful, For an A, study/ review material at least 3 hrs/week
Sometimes a bit confusing, but over all a really nice person. I think I've pushed her buttons as far as attendance which only affects you at her descresion?!? Some of her lectures are interesting although not sure the relevance sometimes, and you better like American Indian things.
Eccentric to say the least, but so are most English profs. Decide for yourself if that's good or bad. Very helpful. Has the tendency to wander off topic and focuses on small issues. Don't take if you can't handle feminists. Could be boring to some.
This is an easy class but a bit boring. Mrs. Cochran is helpful specially when seeing her in office hour. You'll do three major assignments along the semester and few responses to readings. She'll help you making assignments better for the final portfolio, but you'll not know your grades until the end. My English wasn't that good but I could get A!
she doesn't tell grade til end of semester. I found her to be very helpful. She even takes you through the steps of writing a succesful paper. made a b in her class
Sweet lady, not too hard but she does have a tendency to treat u like you are in Kindergarden! But over all not too bad.
nice teacher...work hard, do all the assignments and will pass the class!
One thing, Smart Man, don't get him started, you take him you'll know.
Very boring class. Mrs.Moore is very mono-toned, which leads to endless day dreaming. Tests are a little weird, not sure where she gets the ?'s from.
Besides it being easy, which everyone else has said, Prof Hubbard made learning fun. She made sure it was interesting and always threw twists in to keep the class from sheer boredom. I absolutely loved her class, and she's well worth it.
Lots of movies and really really random notes. Only a few tests and quizes so dont miss them! Pretty easy to bull**** this class, i did and got a B. Shes really really nice and helpfull though.
Mr Press knows just about everything there is to know and he's willing to share his knowledge with you in a manner that is interesting and very humorous at times! You will cover a lot in this class so expect high work loads and 100% attention during class. In the end, you leave the class feeling like you actually learned something. Great teacher!
online which made the class a lot easier. Every sunday, we had an essay due, the essay prompts weren't hard. The prompts were based on what we learned in class. We do quizzes and couple tests. Extra at the end of semester. But he sure takes his time putting the final exam in canvas.
This being my first online class, it went very well. From what I could pull from emails Professor Walsh seems like a very humble guy. Four exams, five papers, and a final exam. Tests are sometimes tricky, literally 95% will come from the book SO READ! I did not use the power-points, but copied them just to be safe. Overall great online class.
HI-LAR-I-OUS. be prepared to laugh through most lectures when talking about int'l politics. BE CAREFUL not to miss any online quizzes & to keep up with them because they add up. DO the reading but beware sometimes the multiple choice questions are tests are a little tricky even if you studied so be prepared before exams. But I'd def take him again!
Walsh is funny, maybe his tests aren't as straightforward but why would you take int'l poli unless that's your major? If you can't understand his tests, reconsider how intuitive you are considering pol-sci requires intellect. He curves his exams beyond imaginable, to fail his class or receive less than a C is ridiculous... He is very entertaining.
Knows his stuff + helpful. When he previews test: PAY ATTENTION or it'll hurt u.
Extremely intelligent, very likeable person. Class is very discussion oriented, can be vague if you dont engage. Great for discussion calsses.
Do not take this class unless you are really interested in Birth and Pregnancies of other cultures. There was a total of five or six books for this class and homework and/or group projects weekly. She takes attendance and participation very seriously but she also gives "Good Karma" points for different reasons. The reading was tremendous.
This was a great class. Recommended to those who want an easier Senior Seminar. Dr. Wayland rocks!
Worst prof I have had. The required text he wrote doesn't contribute to learning & in will actually cause you to do an assignment wrong. Taking the lessons from classroom to lab is difficult. He must be helpful as he fails to teach in class. Exams test theory & not practical skills. You will not know stats after his course.
She is relatively easy. Now that i think about it I would probably take her again. It sometimes frustrating in her class because if you pick a topic that she wouldnt necessairily pick, she wont approve of it. It helps your grade if you get on her good side. If youre strong in English I recommend this class, if you arent leave it as a last resort.
I loved her! I took her Engl 1101 and 1102 class. She does have a strong accent and her braces really doesn't help, but after the first class you understand her. She has a quirky sense of humor. Like the time she said her most peaceful moment was when she was in a car wreck. You're allowed to miss 3 days in there. Loved her. Not many papers. Easy.
What does everyone mean had to teach themselves....It's English...what's there to teach yourself....can you speak...She is very good and super nice..just do your work!
There wasn't a class where the whole class was laughing from something he said. He tells you word for word what the test questions will be and lets you have a sheet for notes. Can only miss 3 classes but you kinda want to go to see what he will say.
Funny guy! Used a Grizzly Bear impression on the first day to describe epistemology. Knows Morse Code. Test are short answer in blue exam books taken with pen. They are cumulative over the course. Has own website to study from. You need to buy 5 different books and read almost 100 pages a night. Overall a good teacher!
wonderful teacher, kind and interesting.
Morrill is the man. The material is interesting enough without him teaching it. He just makes it better. Just show up and take half way decent notes and you're money on the essay exams.
Great teacher and a nice personality. Recommended.
For the material he is great! just ask a question when u dont get it. hes good about giving the easy way to do it and allowing u to use it on tests. do the hw! quizzes every week, but it helps with the grade!
Class was kind of tough, but that isnt his fault, it is calculus II after all, teaches well
good teacher but test are very hard
Adams is a pretty generic professor. He rambles often and uses very obscure examples that talk about "the rules of the game." No attendance and only 4 tests. The final replaces a test if you miss one. He uses the book a lot at first the stops later but it helps to read it. Your grade is what you make of it. It's easy to fail but easy to ace too.
the king of calc! I have no skill or mathematic ability, but I still manage to comprehend the subject bcuz of his laid-back attitude and great analogies. He basically tells you exactly what the exams will include, offers only the imperative HW problems, and teaches effortlessly. Class attendance not needed, but I go just to laugh at his funE insigh
Dont let him scare you first day. Nice guy. Very thorough with explanations, but class can be VERY boring if you've already had calc. No attendance policy.DO HOMEWORK- problems show up on tests.
Great teacher...teaches in a way impossible not to understand and his tests are simple...doesnt take attendence...tests are basically the same problems as the ones given for homework(dont have to do homework). went once a week, got an A
Cool guy, funny for a math teacher and has an awesome Kenny Rogers/Yosemite Sam accent . Fair teacher, go to office hours if needed. Only 4 tests, do bad on one and the final counts for double. Easy if you try.
very interesting and gives plenty of time to answer q's
Take this man! He has his downfalls for sure, but after failing this class once and taking it again with him, believe me - this is the guy you want!!! (hint: he knows the readings are impossible, but actually do them, they can fill in the blanks from his lectures)
Funny but evil. Best professor for this weed out course. Has multiple review sessions for very very hardtests.Mmore like IQ tests than on study skills.I did well on homeworks, quizzes, &project, but he requires a test average of 60% to pass the course. Expect about 2-3 hrs of homework every class and is someone I would like to grab rum & cokes with
There were times that I wanted to throw my laptop out the window and cry at the sight of an excel spreadsheet, however, that is what comes with COB291. Ratcliffe is extremely helpful and wants his students to do well! Tests are extremely challenging but fair (do all of the homework and go to review sessions). STUDY VERY HARD FOR THE FINAL EXAM.
This class is ridiculous. Ratcliffe is a nice enough guy and keeps the lecture bearable with silly stories, usually about alcohol. But don't be fooled, his first test will completely blindside you. I got my first D on anything on the first exam. You can study your notes, do your homework perfectly, and still be totally unprepared for the test. AVOI
Very good teacher, had him during Maymester and he still was able to get the information across to us in 4 weeks. Attendance is imperative and know how to use Excel, its used for alot of stuff including the project. Final is diffult, I had an A heading into it and wound up with a B+. Ratcliffe is available practically 24/7 so get help if u need it.
I took Ratcliffe in the summer and his class was sooo easy...two test and a final. he gave "hardship quizzes" (automatic 100s)and minimal homework. First test was tough, but last two were very fair. You can get tons of points back if you go se
COB 291 is a tough class no matter who you have. Dr. Markham emphasizes that this class requires you to think differently, not just memorize and regugitate formulas. She truly wants her students to succeed, and while she can come across as blunt, she means well. For as complex as the class is, you will want someone who is straightforward and blunt.
she's extremely strict & a very hard grader. Her tests are ridiculously hard & the class average is almost always around a 70. She really knows her material though and teaches it well, you just have to be willing to put in the extra time to work on practice problems. alot of it too.
She's such a sweet lady! She gives good explanations and is there for office hours with any help you may need. She goes over the homework and examples. She's so into the subject, she gives great advice in regards to the lessons and life in general and she makes the class a great one! Totally take her class!
Mrs. S is super nice and is passionate about the subject. She cancels class frequently which is a plus. All tests are online but, she mentions them in class as if they are no biggy, but they are very hard. Also there's weekly homework but it's manageable. A great cluster one gen ed.
She wants you to do well and be informed with life applications of her class. Her tests (ones made by the company that published her book) are earthier really strait forward, or painfully hard. I recommend you study a bit before taking the online test just incase (even though it is open book). Overall pretty start forward and interesting class.
Prof. S is a nice lady. Getting an A is possible but I feel like it is easier for business majors to get an A since they know more about business. Homework is graded on correctness which dropped my grade but overall easy B.
Dr. Snyder is an extremely kind lady, who def knows the material well, however what she talks about during her lectures usually isn't that helpful for your work. She grades hw for correctness, which really sucks, the tests are online and open note but are timed so they are still very difficult. Make sure to read and try hard on the hw and project
Very nice. I definitely recommend her. Tests are somewhat difficult but they are offered online and you have two attempts. Do well on homework because they will bite you in the butt later on. In class notes aren't very helpful so take your own from the book while preparing for a test.
if your taking gbus get this professor. she cancels class alot. all the tests were online and you could take them twice. homeworks were easy and class was just taking notes on slides from blackboard and most of time she just tells you stories about her life experiences. its an easy A.
AWESOME TEACHER! Pretty slack class. Goes over power points in class, gives them to you online before. Five allowed absences, and she cancelled class all the time. Easy homeworks and quiz grades. Makes the class fun and interesting and always tries to let us out early. Definitely take her for an EASY gened credit.
Cathy is great! She could be a bit more organized at times, but overall she does a great job teaching. She tries so hard to keep things open and friendly and really wants everyone to enjoy the class! I heart you Cathy wherever you are!
Mrs. Snyder is adorable! She was quite pregnant this semester but never cranky! Group work can be frustrating, so be sure to get to know your group and EVERYONE'S schedules. Otherwise, good class, easy to at least get a B, TAKE HER!
such a great lady, so nice, so sweet, so into student life. knows what a pain classes are on firdays. don't need the books, tests come from key words and powerpoints (on line) can be tricky though. no attendence policy, but some random extra credit.
awesome teacher, take her!! study for tests, overall a fun class :)
Very nice, a couple tests, lots of projects, extra credit, minimal work for a B
Always helpful. Emails you back in no time. I recommend her.
Dr. Facknitz' poetry class was wonderful. At the time of taking the class, I was going through some pretty heavy stuff, which showed in the poems I submitted, and she treated me with dignity trhoughout. Also improved my writing a great deal. Show up and take the workshops seriously and you will love her. Thanks Dr. Facknitz.
Prof. Facknitz loves her students and as a result you will be very unintimidated in her class. Take advanced poetry with her. Poems due every week, half workshop based, half discussion based on the readings. Class is laid-back yet always engaging because this is a small class full of creative students finding their poetic voice.
Uncle Bijan is probably the nicest and most interesting human being on the planet. He has so many life stories and experiences that its really hard to not love him. Definitely not an easy A, but being able to experience Uncle Bijan twice a week makes the difficulty totally worth it. You'll know what I mean after the last class of the semester.
Definitely an easy grade if you're okay with teaching yourself. I have gotten an A on every test bc they are straight out the textbook if you study. He curves tests. Absolutely no homework and only 3 tests (including final). none are cumulative. He a very funny and friendly old man. But a bad teacher. Honestly, I would take it again though.
The man loves every one of his students! Even though he sometimes gets sidetracked with personal stories, his lectures are still interesting! I suggest you read the chapter before coming to class so you get more out of it. 3 100-question exams and mandatory attendance. His class policies are a bit old fashioned.
great professor: he is quite a character! Funny, entertaining, extremely loving, but adheres to a strong moral code, thus you must respect his policy. Also, be sure to be prepared for this class emotionally and mentally: it is not worth your time if you are not. Tests, contrary to what has been said, are actually easy. Just be present EVERY class.
He's from Iran so it takes a while to get used to his accent and every once in a while part of his lecture can be confusing, but he understands this and takes questions to clarify. 3 absences allowed without penalty. read and use the CDs that come with text--they have sample test questions online!
Uncle Bijan is the man! no work, only 3 exams including the final, i dont know what everyone is talking about, im getting an A and i just cramed b4 every test-study the book! i never missed a class b/c it was my FAVORITE. he makes lectures interesting and hes funny as hell. TAKE THIS CLASS :)
I love Uncle Bijan, although the class was hard, very fun old man. Highly recomend.
Great man, MOST passionate professor, yet kind of boring.. ROUGH tests... STUDY THE BOOK and take notes.. if he says "take a note on this", do it!! I look forward to going to this class... brightens my day
All in all a good prof.
Great Prof make the class fun
Easy teacher-watch out, though. She doesn't prepare you for 202 and Crean!
Easy. Just do homework and workbook.
Dr. Aktas has been teaching Physics 2 for far too long. I wouldn't be surprised if he has been for 30+ years. He lacks any enthusiasm to teach and his class is extremely hard. Homework involves watching many hours of prerecorded lectures (8h+ one week) along with online questions. Many cheat, avoid if possible but Aktas writes the shared final.
YES, Dr. Ferrell is a tough grader, and she does interrupt you during your lecture, but there's a reason behind that. What wasn't mentioned was that she allows you to redo your papers until you get a grade YOU want, and she just asks you questions because she needs to know if you truly understand your material. She also apologizes for talking over.
She knows what she's talking about, but very dull. Easy tests but very boring classes. She goes over every little thing like you're in 2nd grade. She teaches as a very slow rate so the class often drags on.
Miri is a genius. Really knows the material, very willing to help students with problems. Mumbles sometimes and will get distracted by students who ask interesting but irrelevant questions. Quizzes and tests are modified HW problems. HW is MasteringEngineering.com - not awful, could be much better. Final was surprisingly hard.
he really goes out of his way to give you every chance to make a good grade..i made low Cs on most of my test but made a good grade on the final, worked my ass off, and he gave me an A. so effort really does count. thanks dr nick for easing my anxiety :)
This class wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Assignments were due every Sunday, with weekly reading quizzes. Honestly, both were time consuming so I don't recommend doing it last minute. Exams were based on her powerpoint/lectures so I would study those. There are 7 mini-exams with 20 questions each and no final. Warner is also super nice!!
The teacher is easy to learn from but biology is a hard subject. PERIOD!! The exams are ruff but I think she really tries with her students. Plus she gives no homework or quizes; & she give plenty of tutoring & extra credit.
hard intro class, she is got knowledge, nice teacher too
Very kind and helpful, pleasant disposition, passionate about her job. Only complaint: There wasn't a whole lot of teaching; It seemed, whatever you said was ok, as long as it was grammatically correct.
easiest class ever, kinda boring but easy A, tests are half take home essays
Great teacher and awesome class
A great professor who understands the nonfactual world of psychology...you may not see the world of psychology from his perspective and if not at all you can drop it...but DEFINITELY, take a chance with this professor. He highly influenced my life.
Atwood is an interesting character...you definitely have to go into this class with an open mind. He seems a little crazy sometimes during lectures but so what, it makes things interesting (way better than being dryly lectured to...) there is a ton of reading but he does warn you to start early. Exams are pretty easy too
I wasn't that interested in the mentally ill until I heard his stories and encounters with some of the most intelligent and sophisticated patients. His class is early but it's liking waking up and listening to a movie, he does his own impressions, all that's missing is the popcorn. Very easy to memorize since he acts out what he says.. :)
Abnormal class definitely off the beaten track. Don't take if you are looking to prepare for the GRE. Main themes are psychosis and multiple personality, from a perspective emphasizing personal meaning, NOT the medical perspective. Criticism of the medical model is a strong theme. His style is entertaining, exams are cake. A real privilege.
Easy stuff. Take a morning class and you're bound to pass out.
Great Teacher! Tells crazy stories that relate to the subject matter...the books assigned are really interesting...easy grader...plus gives an extra credit paper if you need it...hardest part was getting up for such an early class but its worth it
Somewhat difficult, but an overall good class
Overall good teacher. Exams/quizzes are pretty easy. He teaches you the easy way and gives you simple examples then turns around and gives you an assignment that is way more complex than what he taught you and moves on so you constantly feel behind.
The was was slightly difficult, but Pops helped when he could and was very clear about it. He was friendly and approachable. He made class notes available and there wasn't any troubles with the book. It matched what he was teaching because he wrote it.
There are clicker questions for attendance and for extra credit. the text book about human development is not needed for this course, I didn't use the book once. However the course pack/ work book is needed and is also very useful when taking quizzes and exams.
She annoyed me as a teacher, however, I am glad I took her class. Her lectures and class discussion helped me to find a deeper meaning of covered materials. The work and reading was excessive but I made a B in her class. If anyone taking her classes will read and follow what she puts in the syllabus then you should make at least a C.
God, she was tough! But, I learned so much. I'm white and made an "A" so you can stop the BS about rascism. For god's sake, it's African American studies; we're going to talk about slavery. She NEVER made me think my view was unimportant & regardless of my opinion, she listened to me. I didn't talk much in class, but did my work and it paid off!
Great class and professor. I learned alot from Govan, including how to read objectively. She doesn't give 'freebies' and she expects...no...DEMANDS that you learn. I am a happy white student who learned alot--including something about another culture.
She is definately demanding, but I got alot out of her class. It basically gave me direction with how I read book etc. (English Major) and this being my first 4000 level class definately told me what was needed of me. Great women in my opinion.
Really great profclass. I took African Lit and it was more of a study of Africa and its history and culture through literature, more so than a book analysis class. Casual class discussions with an interesting teaching style. Definitely take if you're interested in culture studies but don't really like reading and analyzing books.
Good guy, good class. The key to getting a solid grade is showing up for class.
A very interesting character that makes class fun.
I found her to be very helpful, always willing to spend the extra time. Very fast paced, gotta keep up. Contrary to popular opinion, not a bad instructor to take. The only problem i had was a book report for Math, that does not make sense.
I don't think I've ever done a review of a professor before, but Professor Phillip Heap is an intellectual mastermind within the field of Economics. His class is extensively comprehensive as the class has a solid foundation on the of basis of Macroeconomic theory. I've learned so much that much of many of my beliefs have changed due to Macro. Yuppp
Phil is really there to help you. What professor gives you 11 quizzes and drops 6 of them and also gives you a project and help sessions to boost your grade? I honestly think people who see him as a horrible teacher just do not do there work and are looking for that easy A.
Only 6 of the 11 quizzes he gives count towards your grade. He has review sessions almost every Sunday, he answers questions and basically tells you everything that is going to be on the "pop" quiz that happens every Tuesday after the review. Do extra work on the data projects, he gives extra credit. Participate and he is nicer with grading. Read.
Heap's lectures are very interesting and informative. Gives lots of readings that are essential for passing. 11 pop quizzes, keeps 6 best (60%) 2 data projects (20%) and final (20%). I never went to his office hours, but did all the readings and worked hard on the data projects and ended with a B. A is not impossible, but don't count on it.
9-10 quizzes and he keeps your 5 best. Don't be fooled, unless you've attended most every class, and kept up on your readings big time, the quizzes will stump you - every quiz is 4 short answer critical thinking questions. I wish my grade reflected how much I enjoy his class - unfortunately it doesn't
Tests are not easy, until you see the curve he puts on them afterwards. I think a 65% was an A. I wish I could take some upperlevel courses with him.
very hard class but you learn alot and he can answer anything
Ask questions and he will answer. Get used to his fast style, great prof.
Smartest Professor I've ever had. He did not teach in chronological order, which is definitely hard to get used to. But you can throw out any year and he can tell you what happened during it on any part of the world. He invited his upper levels over to his house for dinner and he cooked for us! Super sweet guy!
As an alum, I can say that I look back on the challenges of Dr. Patterson's classes fondly. He forced me to work hard and learn, and his socratic method in Hist 101 was a perfect precursor to law school. It's not easy, but for those of you intending to continue on to grad/professional school, remember that he is preparing you well and rise to the challenge.
For a class that has a reputation as being the most difficult of all the honors classes, this one lives up to its reputation. Certainly do not expect an easy A because you will fall flat on your face. You may never know the first names of your classmates, either. Seriously though, the class is an experience you'll love and never forget.
best prof and best class i've taken at JMU--class takes a loooooot of work but just keep up with it, its a very worthwhile class and Babcock keeps you laughing every class period, she knows her stuff and knows how to keep her students entertained, definitly recommend her
Amazing teacher! Probably not the easiest option for anat. but explains things SO well & is HILARIOUS in class! I love anatomy so I may be biased but she's great & obviously loves what she teaches. Little intimidating at first but overall great teacher! STUDY, tests aren't easy but an A is possible!
Makes labs go by quickly and knows what she's talking about, she kinda talks to you like youre in first grade sometimes though. However, all around she makes a 3 hour lab enjoyable
I had him for both managerial econ and econometrics. You should take him for both, the first class might be harder than you would like but the next will be ez because the classes are simular. I thought that he was a great teacher i made A's in both of his classes. also the summer econometrics class was ez b/c of the alotted time went fast.
Rather boring, but presents the material well. Gives xtra points for attendance.
This man is a brilliant and amazing individual. I took him for macro economics in my sophomore year of college and he made it comprehensible. When he teaches economics it becomes understandable. He has traveled the world and has first hand knowledge of some of the stuff he teaches which makes him very helpful with questions.He cares about students!
Very easy, very clear.
Assignments were easy. Needed to study for tests.
easy teacher. had 2 tests- 1 midterm and 1 final(final was optional) and one paper to write. paper not too terribly difficult. overall a great teacher and class.
He tries to pretend it will be impossible to get an a esp on the final. he highly encourages everyone to taket he real tough final... know why?? BC THE FINAL IS only 20 questions with answers like, the answer is a who is on the one dollar bi
I'm not sure that one could describe Bernstein in 350 words. I will not, therefore, try to do so. I will say this though. Take his class. It was the highlight of my week. There are far too few professors at this school of his caliber.
Was easy in the sense that all you had to do was turn in a paper and thats your grade, but it still gave me heartburn. The lectures are boring, but you only get that for half the time, the other half you just check in with him about your progress. I do suggest not waiting until a month before the papers due before really getting into it (my fault).
A 20 page Term paper...Lil bit each week u get an A, he only looks really mean!!
Best class I have taken here. Lectures were works of art.
Great Guy. Very eager to help, tests a little tough.
Good teacher and really nice but he doesn't start off with basic concepts--he gives ridiculously hard sample problems and makes test problems worth too many points..
Took this class as a gen-ed and expected it to being boring but i was wrong. Pail cares about what he is teaching which keeps you intrigued. With it being online, this class was organized very nicely and was pretty easy to coast through. This class was 4 credits but the workload was very manageable and was more enjoyable than expected.
he makes class fun!!
great class, great teacher, loved it...not so much the out of class assignments though...too many of them
He cares about teaching.
Good teacher. Compassionate, animated. Great lectures. 3 hour class and it went by really fast. Occassional nap, but generally interesting. Highly recommended
very interesting professor, fun to listen to for the most part though the class i pretty easy
Dr. Dobbertin inspired me to minor in Sociology. I really appreciated and admired his stories, and learned to understand many perspectives. One of my favorite professors at Lake State.
Very interesting to listen to, although he is crazy. Knows the material well.
Dr.Laurent is a wealth of information when it comes to the Black Death. She shows you where to go for help and then has you do the rest of the work. She's thorough when grading papers and expects excellence. Find out what her preferred writing style is upon receiving your first review and the class will be pretty easy after that.
Prof Laurent is a really sweet lady.Lectures can be a bit boring but she tries to make it interesting.She gives out a study guide before each test which basically is the test,she just chooses diff questions off of it.You dont need the book bc she puts notes and outlines online, which really help if you miss a lecture.Overall easy A if you try.
very knowledgeable, knows her stuff, but class is boring, gives a study guide b4 the test so tests are fairly ez if u have done the study guide
She is a wonderful lady, very flexible and helpful, her lectures are Boring though, Only two tests and occasional quizzes, one paper which is given back VERY quickly, she a good overall prof.
enjoyed her style of teaching; very helpful/clear;she knows what she's teaching
great professor! study guides are sooo helpful.
When I first started the class I swore I would give her a bad review, but as the semester progressed she began to grow on me. She can be very firm with students who are not paying attention and put them on the spot, but she has a heart of gold and I ended up enjoying her class. Field trips are fun, you get to go to the beach (:
Vinny is an interesting character, but her passion and dedication to the marine science shows when she lectures. In the field, she is not afraid to get dirty and gives you the opportunity to learn about animals you've never seen! She goes off topic now and again and loves to talk, but she is so helpful, and gives you guidance. I loved her course!
Professor Dudley is easily one of my favorite teachers to date. Not only is she a fantastic teacher and extremely knowledgeable, she makes an honest effort to actually get to know her students (keeping in mind that she has upwards of 100). I would recommnd her class to anyone.
Good lecturer. Very helpful and easy going.Must take notes. Field trips enlightening. Learn a huge amount about the world you walk in every day.
Outlines the tests for you, and prepares students well for the tests
Sweet lady! Easy online course, quizes every week and either a journal or forum post every other week. Yes you have work to do, and there's a time consuming final essay, but I enjoyed it.
Not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. Exams come straight from the book & grammar is a review from elem. school. Assignments are time consuming but apply to the business world: memos, resumes, cover letters, pres. & interview. Labs help a lot & if you ask for help you'll do just fine. Let your TA look at your work be4 u turn it in, & easy A.
I must say, this course was very demanding! I was truly blessed by God to be able to have made a B, almost an A without the required text book. She is very detailed oriented and I have never received so many handouts in one course. I do feel more confident having taken this class that my professional writing skills have appreciated.
Alot of work... but not a very hard class... don't expect an A though...put in alot of time and effort and you will most likely still only receive a B.
She looks mean but actually she is a nice person. Do every assignments before the due date and check with her. She'll advice you how to rewrite your paper and then easily get 'A' for the assignment.
she's boring; she calls your name to answer questions. by end of semester, everyone doesn't have name tags; she's great prof.Take no attendance option. BUT don't miss class on kerr..he's good. just go week before exams to find out what you need to study
She is very boring! The exam is easy!! Tons of work!! 10 page bus. report!
She's really funny and has great stories. She gives a ton of smaller exams instead of two or three big ones, though, so only take her if you like that system better. All in all, a worthwhile class.
she is super nice but cannot explain well any concepts. I left each class with lots of notes and i never missed a class, but still could not understand what she was talking about. This is the only class i got a grade lower than an A. Dont get me wrong i love this lady, she is so fun but cant seem to stay on topic.
she was a cool teacher
She is an excellent teacher her lectures cover the material on the tests and she makes this subject fun to learn and she has an awesome personality showing how much she likes to teach and how she cares for her students.
Very helpful instructor. Explains concepts well and makes the subject worth learning. There is one out of class assignment that is challenging and fun. Highly recommended.
Had her for 120 and was very easy. She's harder for psych 220. but she likes me a lot (and im a girl) so i dont think she plays favorites.
cool class, very helpful
open notes on test and final. 10% of test is take home. 50 extra credit points avail. no homework. Class notes avail on web. Do modules and you will pass.
If you take your intro class online with prof Miller it's an easy A with a little effort. Just do the readings, put some effort into your discussion essays, turn your camera on for class and you're set. Online exams are open note on the blackboard, better grades are weighted more, and improvement is rewarded with extra credit.
She is awesome! Her lectures are engaing and funny. She's funny, her personality is amazing, and she almost makes me want to change my major. Three tests and a paper only!! Everyone should take her class to gain a deeper understanding of cultures and the way they are shaped.
Bab's is fun but her tests are VERY VERY VERY detail orientated, cramming is the only way possible. But overall her lectures are fun-you should defintely attend because she says random things and they usually appear on tests, and the TA's are super nice and helpful. Midterm,1 paper, final, discussion makes up grade. Pretty fair class.
Mind, Brain, AI with Saidel is the most interesting class i've taken at GW so far (2yrs in). Initially, he can come off as intimidating but he's really open to whatever contributions you might have to make during a class discussion. Makes denseabstract concepts easy to grasp. Told him I'd miss a class for a concert in NY and he didn't mind at all.
An A magically appeared on my transcript even though I was doing poorly and most of the class was failing. So I guess I can't complain too much although I really disagree with his teaching philosophy - he teaches to the people who don't do the work and treats all students with little respect.
he's awesome, don't be afriad to actually work for him, it pays off.
This guy is hilarious while still teaching effectively. Interesting topics, he obviously is passionate and knowledgeable about the subject!
Grading is fair - very knowledgeable professor - tests are challenging if you have never had acounting - but finally a graduate level class that isn't a complete joke - welcomed change
awesome teacher. super easy course no textbook take his class
I just completed Professor Cliffe's GEOG120 class online. Probably one of my most difficult classes but I thoroughly enjoyed his enthusiasm for the material and his AMAZING lecture videos. His energy is infectious and I highly recommend taking a class with him!
This guy is nutty. He paces around the class on his and cracks "jokes" and uses different voices every chance he gets. However, he does teach Meteorology very well and he makes it seem a lot simpler than it probably is. Just make sure to take tons of notes and go over them constantly. Every day you will be taking notes all period.
Never bought text, got an A, a testimony to Mr. Cliffe!
Very funny, fair but slightly easy grader. she will call you out on ur bull. could stand a little less of her political views but doesnt push them on you- her ton is slightly mocking when she does though and it can be annoying. Does a lot to make sure you know the formatting. Creative in her teaching, open minded and brings food/treats for you
i absolutely looooved her. she was fun, she went off track sometimes, but didn't somehow punish us for it. i learned more in that class than any other class.
Really great teacher! Explains everything thoroughly and offers so much help. Definitely recommend him!
great teacher! .. he sympathies with his students and even though now he uses the department test hes loose on the grading and teaches with the calculator which makes it much easier! i payed attention in class and managed a b easily
It seemed like she had 20 furlough days! Way more than 10%. I never bought the book and did fine without it. Her grading on papers can be unfair because it's subjective. I got a 79.3% in the class and she have me a C+ (I missed 5 points because I didnt show up to Inconventient Truth, like I really wanted to see that movie again for the 238520 time)
Very liberal but I didn't mind. Her TAs grade unfairly- I had gotten As and Bs on all the exams but Cs on every paper. It was lame. She furloughed too often where you'd have to come and sign in and watch a film. I feel like I could have learned a lot if she had at least shown up more.
This class is WAY!! to hard to a 100 level class, she does no notes only lectures by mouth so it gets difficult if you cant keep up or miss class, very boring and hard her test are usually 1/2 essay and they aren't graded easily at all. I liked the teacher but dont take this class its not worth it for a simple Ge.
EZ class. These people reviewing her are DUMB. The first exam is a breeze but the second exam is pretty hard if you study the night before (which i did the whole time and got an A-). The paper is nothing - sparknotes PEOPLE. Take her, theres also TONs of EC
Very good teacher, but unclear prompts. Tough grader but does offer help. The less effort i put into essays the better i did. Just read, write down what she says, and study. Very tough A but a should be a good decent B.
good teacher, passionate about what she teaches. keep the class interesting. exams are mainly based on the reading and some lecture. three papers, graded by her TA's, so grading isn't always fair, just tell them what you think they want ot hear.
Finally --a political science teacher that doesn't FORCE her students to think the same way she does! You can disagree, but she will still give you As. S makes the class out to be very difficult for the first month, but after that it is easy! She has easy tests, barely any homework, and goes to great lengths that you understand the material.
Take the option to get an A. Yea you have to right a 1- page paper but I basically put random quotes together and got a 95%. She has so many students that the papers are not graded too harshly. Midterm and Final is all her lecture. And her tests throughout the year are all book and those questions are random and very specific! Do extra cedit!
Pretty easy class. you should definetly take option four because an A is pretty easily attainable. the essays are easily graded and tests go smoothly because of speckman's knowledgable lectures. learned a lot...not too difficult.
Highly informative class that forces YOU to think. Tough, but great class to take. She has a definite political stance, but never forces you to take her side. The reading is not the standard, boring text. They're books that you wouldn't want to sell back.
Speckmann is really intimidating until you actual go into her office hours and talk to her one on one. She offers alot of extra credit and is pretty awesome once you get to know her! Dont be scared!
great professor, be driven to get to the answer, she likes that
Great teacher! Intimidating at first. Stay on track, should be a breeze!
She knows her stuff and teaches it well, but some is trivial and is alot of work
lots of reading but awesome professor, interesting lectures and lots of EC
blue book and scantron for all exams. lots of group activities.
His lectures would put me to sleep, but the subject material can be interesting. A LOT more science than society, but a good course. Great way to fufill distribution requirements!
Pretty knowledgeable teacher. quizzes (off chapters from book and videos), 2 papers (doable), 1 midterm (m/c), 1 final (m/c and short essay). Anyone can do well in this class. Take notes and listen. Buy overhead notes at student store. Overall = Good class. Recommended.
GODDAMN this class is boring... I slept through every period... aced the exams, but bombed the papers and managed a C. I'm satisfied ^_^
Space out at the rantings... hand in your paperwork... doesn't always have to be on time. Easy A.
I really loved this professor! She made the material super interesting and was super sweet. The class was better when people were willing to have discussions because her energy bounced off of that. There were three papers I think, none of which were difficult, and she was super understanding when my partner for a proj didnt do anything. Loved her!
Markwell is the man. Most of the kids who didn't like him were used to following extremely rigid coursework and having every expectation down on a rubric. He certainly may come off as a bit condescending but I think it's a bit more of a dry sarcasm. I'd say our political views were pretty contrasted yet we seemed to get along swimmingly.
A good guy, down to earth, but always takes potshots at Bush and other conservatives at any given chance. Other than that gripe, he's enjoyable and has good humor. Readings he chooses are fun and well picked, but the topics he wants you to understand can be broad and vague. I did not enjoy the class because the writing style needed is odd.
Funny guy and makes you think about different things. I see how he challenges some. Those who have a problem with him clearly have an agenda and seemingly can't spell anyway (see below). Great teacher.
Markwell is hot and smart. I enjoyed his class and he doesn't grade that harshly unless you turn in a crappy paper. His voice sounds exactly like Micheal J Fox but Markwell is smarter and hotter.
Markwell is a very cool teacher. His grading isn't too tough because I've always felt myself to be a crappy writer, yet attained an A on the first paper. Very funny, and keeps the class alive. He kinda' resembles Michael J. Fox (with blonde hair). Stoner&
he is really smart, and very nice. his humor is very refreshing also. Very laid back professor and class!
I LOVE MONTY but he gives so many unnecessary homework assignments that are redundant and annoying. Luckily, they don't take long to complete (usually), and he seems to be an easy grader. Discover Week was awesome with Monty as our professor and he's genuinely just a super nice guy. So glad he's head of the environmental science department!
everybody do not listen to any of the comments below that say he is terrible. easiest A of my life. Like he does confuse a bit at times but he really knows his stuff. On the midterm there was like 10 kids who got 100% including me easy A no joke
One of my favorite profs ever. While we are all online, he does his best to engage students and make sure we are understanding the material. Super important you read the assigned readings. Even though they're long and dense, makes everything easier (plus he doesn't cover some content in the book) TIP: form a study group w peers
Dr. J is FANTASTIC! His intro course is great (and easy: 3 exams, no hw/papers) and he is literally the funniest professor in the department I've had so far. He starts class off with fun facts and keeps your attention going all class. Take him for social psych too!!
Future students are losing a great opportunity to be taught by him, but I'm sure he will do amazing things in his retirement as well. Amazing professor, amazing person.
Don't attend lecture unless you like to waste your time. Every exam and exercise is on quizlet and your allowed to bring any notes on paper to the exams so just print out the quizlets and you should pass. There's also extra credit in case you print out the wrong quizlets like i did :) and you have to buy his 99 year old software that costs $100
Overall a good choice. Extra credit, open notes exams, and most of the answers to exercises are on Quizlet. The only downside was the software he uses. It is extremely outdated and only runs on older computers, looks like it was made in the mid-2000s, and isn't super user-friendly. But the class structure makes up for this.
It doesn't get easier than this class. Tests are online. Go on movie days and use the review sheets because they're test questions. Tests consist of online homework problems plus movie q's plus barely any lecture material. Easiest class in the school bar none. Necessary CD is $90 though so the A will cost you a little bit
Hes a nice guy. funny at times. all the assignments are on a cd. going to class might help, but im sure you can get all the info for the tests from Einstein notes. boring lectures. easy A. going to class might help but like i said Einstein is always there.
I dread having to sit in this class for 65 minutes 2x a week, we do the same thing over and over and have to move in to stupid groups to do so.The only thing I've learned is he is always right, provide a paragraph in your lesson for each activity and make sure they are ALL hands on, minds on as if you have time & $ to do that in a real class...
Very knowledgeable, will help students any way he can. Class is very interesting, with fun in-class experiments and side-stories. Tends to explain things in complicated terms, but will work with you if approached.
She's wonderful! Funny, nice, and constantly trying to recruit for the Anthropology Dept. And if you ask, she'll do the howler monkey scream for you! She's a blast!
Very easy class sometimes seems like he doesn't spend much time on his lesson plans but otherwise a good class to take, very enjoyable.
she's funny, kinda batty, but very smart and tests were not nearly as bad as I expected.
She's so nice! The class is a bit more difficult than it needs to be for a 200 level though. Tests consist of 2 essays and fill in the blanks. Many video clips to do case studies with in groups. Class goes by quick for most topics.
The start of Hum, Bradford is intimidating. A very slow start to the course, but you end up learning alot. He shares his views very strongly and expects class participation. Be prepared to be called upon at his dicreation.
She was a great instructor and really knew her stuff..good classes!
I thought the class was very hard. When he said that you must spend at least 10 hours per week.. I agree. Tests were very hard, however, after going over the tests with Henry, he raised up my grade! I spent so much time for this class to get the grade I deserve.
Explains difficult concepts well. No patience for slackers. Will help eager learners. He advised reading only the parts of chapters addressed in his lectures. Ignore that. Read the whole chapter. The tests are hard. Lab grade is easier. The lab manual doesn't have to be correct, just complete. Leave excuses at the door.
Extremely hard at first, once you get used to his teaching style and how to effectively read his confusing book. Great guy, extremely hard grader tho
Hardest grader, but awesome guy.
A very nice curve. I thought I was failing and got a C+. Overall a good class for anyone interested in chemistrty. Professor is helpful but the class material and the text is too overwhelming.
Had him for a chem lab, good prof.
Great professor, explains things very well and pretty easy tests
Great Prof. Teaches some tough material but assignments are manageable. he thinks of really cool ways to make class interesting and interactive (movies, music, guests, exercise, dance). Really cares about students and is always willing to spend time outside of class just talking about whats on your mind
Amazing class, so interesting. Clark wants you to think and facilitates great class discussions. Is good at presenting topics so they will be relevant to students...and he's brillant!
Does a good job of presenting material and provoking thought. Brilliant man, but I found him to be a bit unhelpful sometimes (only sometimes). Highly recommended--especially his interim class on Death and the Meaning of Life.
He gives you all the questions that he might put on the test and the page numbers of where to find them!!
Super nice guy who cares about everyone. Lectures are awesome and entertaining. My only complaint is that he grades tests/papers very particularly, and you must include a ridiculous amount of details from lecture for the A grade. Otherwise Whitekettle is a wonderful prof. and person. Makes you think outside of class too!
Whitekettle rocks. Everybody else complains about how boring their Religion prof is, but I jest tell them they should have taken whitekettle. Funny guy, i really wonder why he is not married. the poor guy practically lives here.
Professor Kendrick is a kind-hearted, soft-spoken,world-class genius who teaches a very arcane area of English literature. I felt he would have been better off had he been hired by a better university, but he tried very hard to reach out to students who, quite frankly, were not up to his stature. He has one major downfall: his speaking style.
Great professor who is funny and cares about his students. Attendance and participation is crucial. Makes you read at random whatever poems are to be discussed. Open to all interpretations of poetry. 4 papers, midterm and a final. Could have had more group work as class gets a little monotonous.
Knows his stuff. Lectures are very student involved and yet he keeps things interesting, never off topic. Grades fairly and gives good feedback. Have to be in class on time though, or your grade will suffer from missing the little pop quizes. Definitely recommended. Hoping to take him again for a higher level class.
Very interesting lectures that encouraged class participation on topics that don't necessarily seem tangible to students. Showed genuine concern about me as a student in his class and in other classes. I highly suggest taking any of his classes.
She gives lots of work, but in the end you realize it's all worth it, because you've actually learned something and come out with a decent grade.
She really seems to be a sweet lady, spunky and energetic.. the grades were based on only three exams a paper and extra credit... which pretty much means study the blue reader. She didn't make showing up madatory, but sometimes can be interesting in class.
Funny, entertaining, and her liberal point of view was refreshing as a first year. True, no one shares the same political view but as a teacher she gives 3 tests and a really helpful study guide. She also offers study sessions 2 weeks before the midterms. I liked this class.
DO THE EXTRA CREDIT AND START EARLY. going to class helps and it is really interesting material because she relates it all to real life. The papers arent very hard at all but i would suggest reading the books and the blue reader is ESSENTIAL. the reason I got a B is because I didnt do the extra credit..
I dont know what you guys are talking about... if you are one of those people who don't believe in all of the B.S. high school poli sci teaches kids these days, this is definitely the class for you. Shes the only teacher Ive had that actually acknowledges that there is corruption in our govt.
A bit cranky. Chewed me head off when I asked for my second midterm back on the day of the final. I got low B's on the midterms and papers, but I must done well on the final because I got an A- in the course. Really wish I did the extra credit now.
nice professor.don't need to show up for class.tests are hard, but understand what you are reading and it will be fine.Started with a "D" and ended up with a "B+".just study hard. do extra credit, it helps. 2 easy essay paper.
i don't know a/b other ppl, but u learn something if u attend her classes.
As mentioned in a past comment, his enthusiasm is lacking at times; he frequently stares at the clock like a kid waiting for school to end. Lecture is very dry; students take pages and pages of notes, but he's basically reading us definitions. Textbook very expensive, but not mandatory. Easy tests; lab rocks.
Could stand to work on his enthusiasm in class a bit more. Some times I just got the impression he didn't want to be there. Tests are easy, he read off answers to 28 out of 50 questions from his first exam in class during a review session. (Almost a bit too easy). Lab is much harder though.
Knowledgeable guy. Very good Class
Overall a good instructor. Very knowledgeable and does a good job explaining key concepts. You must attend lecture if you plan on passing the class though. The material is pretty easy but 90% of the tests come from lecture. Ample opportunity for extra credit. No reason anyone should fail this course.
uses the same teaching method for all her classes, but makes it fun and keeps you interested in class by keeping up to date and bringing in visuals. fun, easy to talk to, and she gets to know you
Very nice professor. Drove me crazy because she narrates everything she does aloud and constantly goes off on tangents. Expect to be frequently bored in her class.
I'm in Shakespeare. She is really, really nice; flightly MIGHT be an appropriate word -- but she just reminds of any other Shakespeare teacher. 'Sides, she has twin 2 year olds. That's enough to make anyone batty.
Easy course. You technically don't even need to show up after the first lecture and just do the required exams. No final exam. All exams are online and given 2 hours to complete. Lots of reading though, but I doubt some people even looked at the textbook. Some assignments given by TAs at the end were kind of tacked on though.
There are 4 tests and a project (do the creative project!) The textbook helps reinforce what she is lecturing on, but passing the tests will likely more rely on what she said in class. LOTS of memorization
The best art history teacher I've had! Very clear in her expectations of her students. Work hard, score high! She also offers a great opportunity to either write a research paper or go to a museum and then create something based on the piece you saw. Text isn't really used. Whatever is lectured on will show up on the exam. TAKE HER! You'll love it!
she's a nice woman but you really do need to study the flash cards she makes you do in the beginning of the semester and the essay questions in exams you MUST study they have the most points!
Great class. Wish I could take her again! Clear, interesting lecture style. Fair grading.
You'll love it, don't be absent often, if so, you must befriend good notetaker.
I don't know about all these godly comments but he was always very polite to me. I learned a great deal from him and found him to be very patient with me while I was trying to improve on my instrument.
Bianchi is amazing. Simply amazing. You'll love him.
Awesome conductor, very passionate about music.
One of those most amazing, charming, and engaging professors/person I have ever had the pleasure of working with. I cannot put into words the impact he has add on me, and I was only a music major for 2 semesters!
Johnny is an excellent teacher. Very good at explaining elusive/complicated philosophical concepts. He beats up the Christians badly though (and no, Im not religious). I feel that he allows the class to get off topic too easily-- the Tangent Pony. Over all, a good teacher and worth taking any classes that he teaches.
This class changed my life. I cheated myself by taking it over the summer. Take him for philosophy.
Great teacher! He has a way of explaining things visually that makes it easier to understand! He is laid back but, in a sense that you are learning as much as you would be learning with a stricked teacher.
I took this as a summer class and we didn't have any tests, only a five question quiz every week that was based on the readings from the book. You need to post in every discussion board as they vary from 1 point to up to 6 points at most. Only have 4 projects and one big project at the end. I definitely recommend this for an online class!
I love Kathleen! This is such an interesting class, because you can apply what you've learned to your daily life. I was part of her televised class and it was really cool being in that sort of a setting! Bottom line: great class, great professor.
Took this OL. >5 quick DB posts per week plus a couple pages of lecture and several chaps of reading. Careful about getting behind on reading as obscure details will pop up on the exam. Do ALL the DB posts as they're easy points and there's not very many points in the class. Fair & coherent class overall, prof seems to like what she does.
Best teacher ever, she's awesome.
his class was easy, interesting
Two exams with open notes. Just stay awake through class. Some of the movies are long and boring, but a few are genuine masterpieces that are a pleasure to see on the big screen.
Fun class lectures a little boring but you get to watch movies
very easy. For people who want an A, and get some GE done.
Phil 666 is a ridiculously difficult class based partially in calculus. Having never taken calculus, I was unbelievably lost and tanked the first exam. After that, I started going to Dr Cudd's office hours for help. She was encouraging and helpful. She helped me find ways to work around the math I didn't get. Best professor I've ever had.
I took three classes with Barry; they ranged from awful to amazing. He's one of kind; I've seen him do everything from mentally berate students to buy entire classes pitcher of beer at local bars. He acts as a genius or a jerk, with no in between.
Barry is a lit god. He knows his stuff and is determined to get it into your head. Intimidating? Yes, but definitely my favorite professor in all my (six) years at OU. I took any classes that I could with him. A shock for freshmen, delight for uppercl
Loved his class. Talked very candidly about everything from religion to gay****. Explained things clearly and thoroughly, but usually went off on humourous tangents that kept things fun. Two exams and a final essay. All were graded harshly, but fairly, and you could always debate him about your score. Great for political theory.
love him. entertaining, informative, laid back, doesn't take attitude from homophobes, misogynists, and ****s. cheers!
Dr. Carroll is a phenomenal professor in his field. His class was really interesting and will keep you wanting more. His TA, Molly, was great and very helpful when it came to exams/homework. His exams are based on lecture AND textbook material, homework is fairly easy, and the project is over a topic you like. Great psychology class to take!
I really enjoyed Dr. Carroll's class. This class made me really want to go into research. He only gives two exams (midterm and final). What also helps is having a good TA and I had a great one. Be sure to make friends in this class because practically everything is group work.
Knows her subject well. Very strict and very organized. She wants to help, very friendly in office hours. She also writes the tests and gives hints as to whats on them.
Like someone said before...very intimidating at first impression but overall a very good teacher who can be fair.
Hard as crap...nice teacher, but tests are impossible
Underrated prof. Too many people were showing up to his lectures without having read the assigned sections in the text, so they had trouble following. His lectures are recitations of the topical subjectscome prepared if you want understand them. David is kind, incredibly smart, and super helpful during office hours. Make use of those!
Izzi was my favorite professor at st. mike's... and i was there for five years. He has a dry but hilarious sense of humor. He may offend you but you could tell him to f off and he wouldnt hold it against you. Down to earth and a decent human being. Treats students as equals. Take his spinoza class, it changed my life forever..
If I could take every class with Izzi, I would.
Amazing guy and teacher, lots of multiple choice quizzes with only like 15 or so questions (like 7 quizzes or so total throughout semester) that you can only do well on if you really actually pay attention in class and really know the material, 3 "application papers" throughout semester, attendance required, no real homework besides studying
Very interesting lectures.The exams can be tricky but there are several extra credit opportunities. I loved this class! And I really don't understand those who think him arrogant. I went on this site and read about him b4 I took the class and I still don't think he's arrogant.(maybe its cause all us ladies think he's hot, the guys are jealous)
Gives plenty of opportunity for extra credit. Make Powerpoint presentations that are very clear.
I had Ferdie for classes in 89-90 and in 92. After going through Immersion, I spend a year and a half in France with very few language problems. I won't say you won't work your rear off, but it was great prep.
Great professor and very interesting to learn from
very nice man, excited about the subject and very intelligent.
Gordon is an incredibly encouraging writing professor. He gives worthwhile feedback which leaves you eager to write more. The man is offbeat and unique, but not obscure or difficult to follow. He has a way of bringing out the creativity in a writer, whether a seasoned veteran or someone just beginning. Definitely take a workshop with him.
Stanlaw has a very peculiar sense of humor which he often displays in every class. His lectures can be dry and boring but are worth going to because he'll often give out answers to the test. He requires several books to be read and recommends buying his class guide notes (which I did and was worth it). The books are not needed to be read to pass.
Easy class, lectures can seem kind of long. Easy tests, no textbooks, but you can buy his printed notes which are helpful. Had to read 2 novels, but they were easy & tests come straight from the books & notes.
He's smartest among all ITK professors. very helpful, responds to your email even at weekends...extremely tough course, be prepared to spend 40 hrs a week!
Personanally not a CS major, never wanted to be, Hate programming, but BIlly's instruction was good, programs tend to be time consuming, but Professor will help you out with anything if you just take the time to go see him during his office hours
I thought 353 was easy with him. Maybe he cleaned up his act, i don't know. But he explained most things rather well. As for workload, i did every assignment the night before or even sometimes the morning before it was due.
Fall 2022: She was a nice lady & brought humor to class that kept things kind of lively. The HW system was very helpful for solidifying basic concepts before moving onto test preparation. She did not allow us to keep tests, but we could access them during office hours and take notes on what we got wrong. Phys is hard, but she helped the experience!
~Dr. Roberts is a very good lecturer. A huge team of TAs is available for help outside of the classroom. All exam questions come from the lecture. Not necessary to read the book unless you need clarification. No bonus. 4 exams (drop 1), mandatory final. Each exam 20% of grade and 40 MC ?s. Remaining 20% is participation for homework and recitation.
I was afraid of taking her at first, and there was a time where I was worried about my grades. However, she lets you drop your lowest quiz score. There was one class where she was in the wrong and would not admit it. The final was difficult. I feel that she prepared me for future bio courses.
Grading system is fair overall. 30% of your grade is participation quizzes/cerego, so it's easy to get a 100 there. She offered 3 bonus points in total which were really helpful with boosting my quiz average. Quizzes were fair overall, to prep review her slides, lectures, recitation quiz questions, and recitation discussion questions.
Dr. Roberts has a vibrant personality that makes her lectures very interesting. Reading the textbook and doing cerego is helpful, but her lecture material is where most quiz questions come from. Her quiz questions can be worded poorly and she is very against returning points for that kind of thing, but besides that she's a solid choice for bio 2.
Dr. Roberts is very funny and caring, but she teaches in her own way. Lecture is just sides with pictures as she talks, so be good at notes. Her tests are written by the TAs, and the questions often require deep understanding and application. Lots of office hours and many TAs to help, but being a good test taker is important for her class.
You'd have to be a masochist to enjoy a Roberts exam. That being said, she is a sweet lady and gives you plenty of resources to succeed, including an army of TA's and BIDS (go to these!). Yes, she is more difficult than other bio 1 professors, but no use in avoiding her since she will make you a better pre-med/biology student in the long run.
This is a freshman weed out class so obviously it's going to be a bit challenging. Her tests are difficult for people that are use to just memorizing information but all of the questions come from what it is discussed during lecture.
Hard class, great professor. Bio 1 is hard just by itself, but Dr. Roberts' class is doable if you can put the time in. While other professors are both hard and vague, her tests are pretty clear and consistent -- mostly application questions, so reading the text is a must! It doesn't get any better for Bio 1!
I came into Bio 1 with only a tenth grade biology education. I read the chapters, take notes, and draw diagrams, and the tests are a breeze. The only reason people give Roberts a bad rating is they can't deal with science/math classes that require actual learning rather than the liberal arts essay writing (aka BSing) of most other departments.
Had both her and Curto for bio 1. Enjoyed her part of the class much more. Her powerpoints are posted on Courseweb, but most are just diagram; she forces you to pay attention and learn the material. Always quick to help me. Though, I would say that her Bio 1 class is not for students who can't learn concepts themselves outside of the lecture hall.
I've had her over multiple years and know her both on a professional and personal level. She won't spoon feed you the material, and likes to show pictures so you can write what's happening in your own words. Go to office hrs-she loves when people ask her questions and she explains things well. Read the chapter summary before class, chapter after.
Athanas was a really good professor for calc. Exams are exactly the type of problems you work through in class and there are no surprises on them. However your grade mainly depends on the exams so if you fail one you're basically done for the semester. A really good professor who has clear expectations. Taking her again for calc 2 this semester.
While Dr. Athanas can be a tad bit wacky at times she is a solid professor. Emphasis on concepts, but that's not necessarily a bad thing and helps to establish a solid base of calculus. Much better than my high school teacher who gave 2 examples then sat down. Expects a lot from her students, but will curve if need be. Online exams stressed her out
A solid choice of professor. Shes tough and makes you work for your grade, but ultimately it pays off on the departmental final since she writes most of it. Extremely helpful and caring during office hours, and keeps class interesting.
I loved her. Even though her jingles can can feel weird, they work. She does her best to break material down into pieces you can understand. The tests are longer, but always types of questions you've seen before, and they prepare you well for the department final, which is crucial since your total grade can only exceed your final by a letter grade
Great lectures, gives very clear explanations of sometimes complicated concepts. Tries to make the material interesting. Honestly the only way someone could struggle in her class is if they never paid attention in lecture. Extremely fair exams!!
Overall good teacher. Can be intimidating and tests are difficult but managable. Really helpful in office hours to clarify info. Sometimes in class gets off track explaining where the formulas come from but after that she gives good examples for how they are applied.
If you always attend the class, you must get a high grade. She always cover all important points.
Probably the best math instructor I ever had. She teaches the topics clearly, goes over topics multiple times whenever it is needed. Homework questions are very relevant to exams. The classes are often hard, so I suggest that if you ever leave a class confused see her in office hours, in which she is very welcoming and helpful.
She explained the material well, and always came to class with a peppy attitude. I recommend her for any Calculus course.
Angela was, by far, the most knowledgable teacher I have ever had in Math, whether in college, high school, middle or elementary. She knows how to teach, and she needs not look in a book. Although she goes too fast at times, she has made an impact on me
can go through material kind of fast, but only because there is a lot to cover for the departmental exam.doesn't give many examples, but gives good ones. very friendly and very helpful. always in a good mood.
great teacher, fair exams......and i seriously hope my wife looks like this at that age
She is the best instructor for these two classes here at Pitt.
take her! she is very easy. i never read one book, just read the sparknotes, and reworded what the other kids in my class said, and got an easy A. make sure that before each essay is due you meet with her in her office prior so that she can critique your final essay, which basically guarantees an A. freshman take her!
Really nice guy. Tends to say "okay" after every sentence. Passing this particular course is incredibly easy.
Really nice and knowledegable
Good guy, hes always nice, and pretty upbeat, and a fairly easy marker. The only beef i have is he doesn't know everything and sometimes when you have a problem he really has no idea how to solve it and kinda makes some noises and says smoething irrelevant then walks away. Giood guy though!
i took his 110 and 200..easy marker..a very nice guy..
An amazing professor! He is available to talk about practically anything- it doesn't even have to be class-related!! Wonderful role model.
He is such a cute little man who loves to teach! Mondays and Fridays are always lecture with slides... if you actually listen it can be interesting and he always has a whole bunch of fun slides to show. Papers are no longer than one page and discussion days are fun if you get involved. This was a good class, good A.
A wonderful guy! I found him to be rather easy, but that's because I can write decently
Like others have said, she's truly inspirational- I mean how many people can say that they have started schools for IDPs and refugees over in Africa? She is so passionate and she takes into account students needs and wants in planning the course. Lots of guest speakers and GREAT books for the course. (And I don't even like to read!) T
good class, not what I expected but good anyway. tough paper grader. definetly make sure you do whatshe wants on a paper or beware of a bad grade
he is an amazing prof. classes are intersting. the only bad part are his tests. u need to invest quite a bit of time studying, and his test are hard. u basically have to know ur stuff backwards and fowards, but the info isnt tat hard so its def possible to do. overall really good, take his classes.
Dev. is easy, just read. Lectures straight from the text, class not neccessary. But you must read all the supplemental material. Abn. much harder, lecture is a must, and you must read!! Dont take both classes at once, he makes the tests on the same days ALWAYS, and its really hard to study for both.
Very interested in women's health field so this enthusiasm transferred to the class. Enjoyable class discussions. EXTREMELY EASY EXAMS!! She gives you the exams in advance, it is IMPOSSIBLE to not get an A. Does also require a presentation (easy A) and some RXN papers on random readings which are also easy. Take at least for the A!
go to all the classes, he gives pop quizes and allows you to use your notes. good story teller. i never liked history before this class, and now i think its good.
Being a writing intensive class, be prepared for at least a one page responses once a week. It isn't bad, but towards the end of the semester when you have 50 other papers due the same time, it can feel like it adds up. Very great lectures, interesting content. I hope I have the opportunity to take another class.
Women in the Economy class... don't have to read stuff, classmates present most of it for you. She allows notecards on tests! How cool is that?
Ashline is an excellent teacher! He uses Tegrity and has tons of office hours, so definitely go if you need help. Expect hw every day and quizzes once a week. Maple SUCKS!
Very Passionate about math and helping his students learn it. Available to help WHENEVER you need it. Exams can be a little challenging, but in his Stats. class you are allowed notecards! :D
Andy is very kind, knowledgable and an extremely talented artist. I loved his class and I am already signed up for one of his classes for next semester. Great experience!
very easy going, nice to talk to, relaxed
It has already been mentioned but if you didn't take him for ochem1 I would highly recommend not taking him for ochem 2. Many who didn't take him the semester before dropped in my class due to his level of intensity. Study hard and get help. DO NOT FALL BEHIND! It is doable but it needs work just like ochem 1.
Pennington was really really good at teaching the material, this is just a hard class. Do the reading and all the OWL and he posts 4 old exams for each test so study hard. An A is completely possible, it is just about how much effort you put in.
SI is non-negotiable. I would have failed had my SI leader not been AMAZING. I took Pennington for OCHEM 1 and 2, he frequently teaches material that the book does not cover so you must attend class. Dr.P is a good choice though, have fun knowing way more than your friends in other OCHEM classes.
Good professor. Very available outside of class. Lectures work through a notepack. Reading questions via iClicker at the beginning of each class for points, but a few are dropped in case you miss one. Advice: Read relevant section before lecture, do the OWLs, work practice exams, pay attention in lecture, utilize your study group, study.
He teaches with a passion for o chem. Honestly the best professor Ive ever had, everyone said O chem was the hardest course to take at a university but he taught it very well. My final grade will not reflect on his teaching but my lack of practicing the material daily. I would take him again if given the chance.
To do well in 227/228, go over your notes each day. He provides fill in the blank notes at the beginning of the semester(s). Take advantage of his office hours and help sessions. Attend SI sessions (detailed recap of material covered in class). On exams, partial credit is offered and he provides practice exams for each of the 4 in-class exams.
Here is what I did 2 make an A in both of his classes. I studied the notes everyday, including doing all practice problems. Start practice exams a week before examsenough time 2 ask him questions and covered enough material in class to be able to do them. some weeks I spent 20 hours on this class. What you put in reflects your grade.
Professor Coles is the real deal. I had him for the ECE160 series in the 90's and he kicked our butts into dust. Yes, if you keep up you get a good education that sticks with you. But more importantly, I took lessons away on building a good work ethic and stick-to-it PROBLEM SOLVING. Rare in the people I interview today...
Incredibly sweet man, really conveys his care and empathy for students. Wants you to succeed but will make you work for it. He teaches his 203 class like it's history of psychology. Participate at least once a class and he'll love you.
Prof. Parente is a good teacher who will gladly help a student and need. His assignments and extra credits make you think and you fee like you're getting something out of them. That being said his tests are truly the work of the devil. They are incredibly specific, painfully hard, and challenge beginning psychstudents too far. Good but a challenge
One of the smartest and most creative professors at Webster. The English department there is not exactly know for offering a challenging program, but Keith cut against that and gave me an education that expanded my mind. Yes, he's tough and has a strong personality but those are qualities sorely lacking among Webster's easy-A faculty nowadays.
I am not a philosophy major but I took his class thinking I would do a phil minor. The class made me realize how difficult philosophy can be and never finished the minor but the class was a pleasure nonetheless. Searle is endlessly entertaining, charming, funny, brilliant.
Overall the class was easy but the lectures can be a little boring. I only had one final paper 5+ pages, and one case study paper 3+ pages. I also had several presentations that were set up as discussions so you didn't have to stand up front. He lays out all the needed sources so you get correct information and participation is important.
Oleg gets a bad wrap. Dude is so nice, genuinely funny, and makes class interesting. He sings and dances in class and makes you want to go. Throughout the sem you only have to write 4 two page papers out of 9 given, as well as 4 presentations on readings. Extremely manageable though at times the readings get a bit long.
Smartest man I've ever met and extremely passionate about his work (though you can't tell it from his face). I left feeling enlightened.
Not the easiest material or the most clear professor, but tries to help students as much as he can. Very personable and easygoing. I have a good relationship with him and am very happy to have it.
Theres only 3 exams the semester and theyre right out of the book and easy. I quit going to class after the third week and I still got a B. It's all just "there is no spoon" stuff. Still, she lectures very well. She encourages discussion which can be fun but also pointless because of all the idiots in class who say stupid stuff.
Loved the class (intro to philosophy) and loved Sarah. She enjoys when the class gets involved in discussions and doesn't mind getting off the subject a little bit. It's easy to fall in love with her.
The coolest teacher I have had yet, knows her stuff and gets chalk all over. Cool lecture.
great teacher, a hottie too. tells some funny stories, not really having to do with philosophy, but keeps the class interesting!
great class, very easy, alot of class discussion, very interesting if your into philosophy, get's off topic alot, can be confusing at times, but that is philosophy.
Fun, easy, amusing. Good class.
Easy tests, takes interest in the subject, good class discussions.
great teacher, good personality and enthusiasm for courses. Jumps around a lot and is pretty good at piano. Choir's a good time if you love to sing.
Dr. Sauter was a great prof! He was helpful and wanted his students to suceed! He will do whatever it takes. He will look at your outline before you give your speech and give feedback. Two tests, kind of hard, doesn't relate to what we talked about in class.
Nice guy. Extremely passionate about talking, almost to passionate. EXTREMELY hard grader. Unless you plan on majoring/minoring in communications, do not take him.
My public speaking class was easy I thought, but this guy can't give an A on anything! Everyone put in so much work it's just he doesn't believe in A's. Would probably avoid next time, but still learned a lot. Super funny and cool outside the classroom as well!!
Once told our class, "Unless it's above and beyond exceptional, and I've never seen it before, you're not getting an A."
Dr. Craft-Fairchild was an amazing professor and she truly cares about her students. She sees potential in everyone and wants to help them achieve success. No major tests, only quizzes and three papers. With every paper, you can visit her office hours as much as needed and you can revise your first two papers to improve your grade.
She is very motherly. Day to day is very easy however the projects and papers become a little more difficult but very manageable. Never read so many books.
Great teacher!! She's very easy going and passionate about what she teaches. She requires a rough draft and peer review that help alot for the final draft. She offers re-wrights on the first two papers and gives lots of helpful feed back. I strongly recomend her!!
Awesome professor! Really cares about the students. Take your paper to her before it's due: she will correct it for you, which is really helpful so you can revise it before you turn it in.
Great professor! She makes class interesting and gets a good discussion going. The papers are REALLY hard and she expects them to be longer than you would think for the kind of topics assigned, but she allows re-writes.
Sweet lady. Heavy reading. Don't expect A's on the 3 papers...somewhat difficult grader. Allows SOME rewrites. 1 group presentation. Always offers extended office hours to go over papers before due (helps a lot!!) Interesting discussions though, not a boring class.
One of my favorite teachers, really excited about discussions and makes them fun, some people found that she graded harder than they were used to on papers but I think she liked me, and anyway you could always revise them to raise your grade. Not hard and actually fun if you read the books and are decent at English.
Great teacher, highly recommend for Math 130 @ CSUF. Prof assigns weekly homework online, and is a more than generous grader (e.c. points offered). I am not a math student (major is bio), and I actually enjoyed math for once. Tons of examples are given in lecture, attendance is MANDATORY.
Great professor, very knowledgeable about the subject and wants to see you succeed. Very funny teacher as well, has lots of short stories to tell you and he gives you STARS! Would recommend for MATH 130 has lots of notes and powerpoints to help explain different sections.
Read book, answer ?s 4 review, dont worry if u miss a class, totally easy paper, tests are ok (not too hard, but definitely not too easy). He explains himself very well and has good knowledge of Natural Disasters. Recommend to take this guy b/c he's cool & understanding.
Teacher is awesome! If you cant get a B your and idiot
fun class, lots of experiments
fun class, ahrd tests, easy B if you show up, no attendance, cool subject matter
I found her lectures to be riveting, the course work was not all that much just read the book and take the exams the final is optional and can only help ones grade
Wong is an okay professor. Your grade is determined just by tests and a little bit of participation. Simple class but got a B in it because well its boring and kept getting B's on the tests.
Best class taken this past semester. Things I could have done that would have helped my grade: get a study buddy, read txtbook prior to class, and gone to her office to look at her textbook annotations.
Professor Wong was an amazing professor. I absolutely loved being in her class and she tried her hardest to make everything clear and easy to follow. Her lectures are interesting and she really enjoys hearing students' feedback and asks great questions. The seminars were always fun and her class was an overall great learning experience!
I was so excited to go to Wong's class every week- she truly was such an amazing teacher, her lectures were so memorable and she was very funny. Really engaging! 5 tests, and an optional final! If you are taking sociology you would be dumb to not take Wong.
In my class there were only 4 tests and then the optional final exam, which couldn't hurt your grade. Professor Wong is good at keeping the attention of the class, she is hilarious, and she even learns most of the kids names by the fourth week even in a class of 83.
class time is mandatory, she will ask questions on the test about stuff she reviews in lecture but is not in the book, also make sure to read everything in the chapters, she does not give out any homework assaignments just 3 midterms and a final exam. very nice teacher and also very funny. i recommend her to anyone interested in sociology.
entertaining lectures & pretty funny.tests were pretty hard cause while you're reading you kinda have to pay attention to random details but eventually you'll get the hang of what she might ask.got B's on 1st 4 tests but ended up w/ A-.just do the reading ahead of time or cram like i did if you're good at that but chapters are roughly 20 p. each
Her lectures are alittle dry, but she basically lays out what to study for you. On essay tests, she gives you all the page # to reference and everything. I like her personality, she actually likes to teach.
If I knew how to say boring in 14 different languages including sign language, then that is how I would describe this class.
The way she talks is so annoying. STOP REPEATING YOURSELF 800 times! It's helpful sometimes, but other times you just want to tune her out! Notes are very organized. Tests are pretty hard. Study the notes and read your book!
Her class is real straightforward.
I'm taking Dr. C for PHIL110. So far he is freaking hilarious. Beware, he swears in almost every sentence. He teaches our class with heavy lecture slides, which will be your only study guides for exams so take good notes! He's awesome, but it bugs me how much he talks and goes off into tangents about his stories and philosophical thinking.
Funny guy but gotta pay attention and put in effort to pass. Class is weird but well worth it
CLASS LECTURES ARE VERY IMPORTANT TO ATTAND,OU NEED TO TAKE ALOT OF NOTES. THE BOOKS ARE DEFINATELY REQUIRED TO PASS HIS CLASSES. YOU REALLY HAVE TO READ THEM IN ORDER TO PASS YOUR TESTS. HIS GRADING IS CRAZY, IF YOU HAVE LESS THEN 75% YOU HAVE AN F. I PASSED WITH A C- WHEN IN REALITY I HAD A D.MAKE SURE U COMMUNICATE WITH HIM SO HE KNOWS UR TRYING
What can I say about Corlett? He's one of the most scholarly professors I've met. The issue with Corlett is that he claims to be open minded, but is quite stubborn against overwhelming oppositions. "I'll think about it" is the closest he'll come to a concession when it's clear he's committed himself to an untenable position. Even so, he's great.
I'm surprised everyone states this is a hard class. It was ridiculously easy. Tests are open book (which I never had to use). For a Philosophy class, this could have been way harder. Just read before class and show up & take notes. 4 tests, 25 questions each for 100 points. I missed 3 questions between all 4 tests. Way easy.
cool guy, but tests are the hardest on campus!
Had him for CHEM125 recitation. Always off topic talking about his personal life, but I preferred the distraction over a second chemistry lecture; he is quite funny.
Tolliver is a great lecturer who is clearly very knowledgeable about the class content, I always felt comfortable asking him questions and he always seemed happy to have discussions. I will say though, his lectures can be quite difficult, as he treats his students as his intellectual equals. Sometimes the lecture notes were a bit disorganized.
Full of knowledge and ready to share it. Very enthusiastic about the subject, and it shows in his teaching style.
Cindy does a good job in stats, the problem was with the whiney students. Grow up, people, you have to learn difficult subjects. People didn't like her because she expects students to put effort into their educations and refuses to spoon-feed the babies.
Such a wonderful person and really easy to talk to. Her tests however are insanely difficult. Wants word for word what she says in class otherwise the answer is 100% wrong. Very material heavy as well, which makes memorizing very difficult.
As noted below, VERY specific about what she wants on exams. But wow do you learn alot in her class. I came out of Positive Psychology with a new spin on my life. Easy to talk to, brilliant minded, her research work is very interesting and inspiring.
Intelligent and helpful...you'll work hard in her class!
Class was fun, but very hard grader....unfair as well
not as bad as people said
He is a smart and interesting person. This class tests your ability to think and problem solve more than anything (I consider it more of a puzzle class than a programming class). And yes the class has its challenging moments, but that is to reward the people with the better instincts and ability to think critically.
Enjoyed his lectures, overall good class.
Great lecturer, does a good job at explaining most concepts and is willing to answer your questions. Homeworks aren't too bad. Quizzes are pretty hard though. If youre doing JNI... good luck with that
Great professor. Really good at explaining things. he expects students to go out and learn a lot about c and c++ on their own though. Homeworks are not too bad. About 9 hw's, 2 projects, 4 quizzes, and 1 final. If he expects JNI to be used in his projcts in future classes....good luck
The course was hard, but Dr. Suthers made it manageable. He made the lectures online (video podcast) and we do examples in class. This made the class less difficult. It's still a killer, since you face a chapter per class and have 3 midterms, 3 projects, a final, on top of daily quizzes, weekly homework, and graded classwork. Take 311 with him!
Know your 211 stuff well. Start ALL projects AT LEAST one week prior to the duedate. Finish ALL problems on the problem set and make sure you understand the problems. And Go for those extra credits, you will need them. Passing shouldn't be difficult, try challenge yourself for a higher grade.
Look at people in the class!Most of them arent programmers and book is written for them, and if you cant keep up with VB-choose different field! he cant make it interesting cuz ppl ask stupid questions so he has to repeat that ridiculous stuff over and over again.Class itself is useless cuz college drags time counting money&Guy cant open as teacher
not bad at all
He is very understanding and generous with giving deadline extensions if you ask- his priority is clearly getting you to produce the best work that you can. He'll passive-aggressively call you out in class if he feels that your work was subpar, too- his little way of lighting a fire under you to do your best. Brilliant man, excellent instructor.
Great man. Has so much passion for what he does. His jokes in class are very funny, highly recommend him!
Very good teacher...I've been exposed to lots of Spanish already.
Great professor, interesting class...gives hard tests but generally fair and helpful
I had him many years ago, but found him to be both likable and helpful.
Very good professor. Really interested in the material and makes lectures fun and entertaining. Different type of teacher in which you must apply what she is telling you to certain situations. Will help with homework and quizzes if needed. Won't neccesarily give you the answer but will push you in the right direction.
It is hard for an intro class. The test are pretty rough, all short answer application style. It is not that much work and she actually makes class some what entertaining.
a bit loopy but a very nice lady, she gets overly excited about biology
I had the misfortune of having to take Restoration & 18th Century Brit Lit the first semester of my freshman year. But Dr. Mielke's guidance and support got me through! He's a quirky man with near-encyclopedic knowledge of his obscure subjects. Prepare to take turns leading discussion. Speak up in class and visit him, and he'll be a great resource!
Ridiculous amount of reading for this class, and not easy stuff either. Okay if you like to spend several hours every day of the week dedicated to one class. No feedback throughout the semester, so no idea of class standing. NOT recommended for non-HARDCORE-English majors. ENG208 is an OPTIONAL prereq, but will not do well without it.
My first professor here at Truman, and probably the nicest teacher from whom I've ever had the pleasure of learning. She was interesting, she knew what we wanted to know, and she presented material in an interesting and easy-to-learn way. I recommend this teacher over any other teaching a class you need/want to take.
Dr. Shapiro takes a potentially dry subject and makes it absolutely fascinating. Definitely take her if you can. The quizzes are really hard--definitely don't underestimate them just because they're called quizzes instead of exams.
Once you get past his heavy french accent, and him sometimes randomly speaking in french, Camera really shows that he cares about you learning the language. He doesn't care about being a teacher per-se, but cares about teaching, if that makes any sense.
No professor I have worked with has shown the kind of dedication to her students' writing as Dr. Ahmad. She has high standards and makes you work for them, but she takes care of you.
Very nice and presents things well, but can be a frustrating teacher. Doesn't maintain discipline as well as I'd like, and insists everyone note everything even if it's something you've understood for years. Also insistence of going to language lab and tutoring sessions is frustrating. The class wasn't fun.
I came into the class expecting her to be a fire-breathing dragon, but was pleasantly surprised. Keep your conservative views to yourself, study for the tests and you'll earn an A. Be sure to watch the assigned movies because she spends an entire class asking about specifics.
Interesting discussions, very nice, very passionate and sincere. Open-minded.
This was my 2nd class with Dr. Delmonico. The memorization thing wasn't too bad, so it led to discussion. Also, that's common in a Shakespeare class. She researches prior to class to insert related information that may be on tests, so take notes.
Best Teacher first semester... got me really into it... and im not a geek... you learn a lot and the presentations are fun!
stop whining. This guy is the man, definitely my favorite teacher ever. Those who complain should just grow a pair.
Frank Wright is the man, and don't you forget it.
funny guy, laid back, cool class
Golumbic is the man, absolutely the best class ever.
Wow...Excellent teacher. Would not take marital advise from him, and I'm glad he's not my dad, but could not ask for a better teacher/friend.
Great teacher, bad jokes, but they are still really funny. Yeah the information can be tough but he helps you through it. Yup pretty much my favorite prof so far.
Favorite prof. He is sure to remind you that drinking the hydrochloric acid will maim you... or most likely mortally wound you. You can tell he has used the same lame jokes since the dark ages, but he still cracks himself up. Admittedly, they are funny. only the best looking profs can pull off giving their wife a vacuum cleaner for her birthday
Had him for 200 as well. Can be dry to some, but has a great memory and is a kind and understanding professor
Nice, explains everything. Attendance seems pointless sometimes but she is the easiest prof for Inquiry and Expression. Easy grader with few papers to write. Take her.
Easy class. Basically all you do is read books and journal.
Great to listen to in class.....but I am not a fan of how he grades papers.
There are 3 grades in this class: two tests and a project. Whatever you do do not save the project for the last minute. Finish it in early November.
This class is very hard but very rewarding. Instead of grinding out notes it is mostly about being assertive enough to speak your mind and present your opinion clearly. It is very relevant to the real world which is a welcome change from theory classes. As far as his negative reviews go, I never met a good student who didn't love Woody.
I highly recommend any class by this professor for anyone with a sense humor and an interest in German. What an intellectual that man is. He seems a wee bit scatter-brained but with time you find out that it all ties together back into his main point....he's a bit of a chatty kathy in that way. Doesn't work for everybody but I think he's divine.
He's the man
Pelzer is my favorite professor at Oxy, especially because of his German culture classes. Hes an original fellow; dont forget hes a writer as well. German is HARD, but don't judge the professor for that.
Funny, very laid back informal guy. Very strong personality, though. Can be difficult to approach if you're shy. However, he seems very disorganized and pretty unreliable at times. Swears a LOT (not angry-like though). Taught thermo very well. Very fair grading system. Gives extra homework if the class performs poorly on an exam, however.
Excellent tecaher, have to know your stuff when asking him questions. Makes the class intersting
Keeps Class fun and doesn't take himself too seriously
Pros: Incredibly respectful regardless of your personal beliefs, loves his students, passionate about everything. Cons: Least organized person I've ever met (esp. when it comes to grading and assigning stuff), gives a HUGE workload for a class most people took as an elective. Love the guy, but wouldn't take more than 1 class with him.
Incredible professor. Doesn't make his class tricky like some, he genuinely wants you to learn from his class as opposed to regurgitating information without knowing the significance behind it. So funny and makes class entertaining and interesting.
oh dear lord is he liberal...I LOVE IT!...he tells everyone in the beginning that he plays the devils advocate and also makes you question everything. You will not believe what you learn in that class...do the reading and take notes! Best teacher ever!
Very enthusiastic about art and design. Clear and precise with information presented in class... not a bad sense of humor either.
Dr. Enelow makes his tests almost impossible to fail. I did not go to any class except for the exam review (which was given the class day before the exam) and did very well on his exams. Just have to put in about 2 days worth of studying beforehand and you should be good to go. Very nice man and class where you can choose to be engaged. Up to you.
I love Dr. Doolittle. We had only 3 exams (no final exam), and one critical assignment. some of the questions on the exams were a little tricky in my opinion, but over all the exams were not difficult (only 33 multiple choice questions) .
I took this class asynchronously - thats what I would best recommend. Watch recorded lectures on your own time, take quick quizzes every week, and move on. Not much effort had to be put in the class except for the midterm/final. All written based and open note. Easy to complete, just writing heavy and time consuming. Books not really needed.
Easy-to-follow lectures along w/ powerpoints (posted after class, too). 3 tests: first 2 with essays, last w/o. One 5-page paper. The MC questions on the test are very simple if you take notes and study his lectures! Nice guy.
Jim's dry at first, but for being a class I started out dreading going to, I loved the experience by the time it was done. Learned a lot about the scientific method/why science works (not regular bio at all) and finished the class two weeks before classes ended. cumulative grade point system that's clear, tricky but easy tests, and a p easy A.
Burkhart is a very misunderstood professor to many students here. You either hate him or love him. Burkhart is extremely passionate about the world, and his lectures show it. (though sometimes they can ramble) Big negative about the course is the lack of D2L AT ALL and expensive but necessary textbook. He truly cares about your success, in the end.
Really loves his job and cares about the earth extremely
Dude isn't as much of a hard ass as ppl mkake him out to be. just pay attention and he tells you evrything u need to know. READ CONTROL OF NATURE! tests are mostly from this book and lectures. also go 2 supplemental instruction (that teachers cool anyway). Read, study, get an A
Dr. Burkhart was very helpful with anything that anyone needed. I missed some quizzes and he let me make them up. As an advisior, he didn't help with scheduling classes but helped with some personal problems. The class itself was interesting and made me think, but it kind of scared me when he yelled. All in all a good class.
Environmental Geology is my favorite class that I've taken at SRU.
Teacher was extremely passionate about what he was teaching.. could be very intense at times.
I had a horrible experience with physical geology but i needed another science so I took env. geology and Burkhart made me realize that geology didnt have to be terrible. He keeps your attention and wants you to learn. I enjoyed his class a lot and did very well. Take him
chambliss is awesome, but watch out for his pop quizzes. if given the opportunity, do the extra credit! the first half of the semester is worse than the second. readings are either really boring or really interesting.
Very approachable professor. I worked on a paper for another class and went to see him for insight and he was extrememly helpful, resourceful, knowledgeable and patient. This is a professor you really want to get to know, oh say, for recommendations.
I think Dean Detrich is an f-iing God! I had him for several classes 20 years ago and it's because of him that French people with whom I speak today say, "Vous parlez bien le franais, mlle." Snarky is good. He's teaching French for God's sake. I lived in France for two years post grad. and if it hadn't been for him, I'd have been screwed!
Schell's intro psych class is awesome. Unfortunately, my section was at 8am and I missed a few lectures due to oversleeping but attendance doesn't count towards grades. All grades are based on 3 exams and a paper written at the end of the semester. Schell doesn't give a final during exam week.
Prof. Schell is really nice and I enjoyed class, however his grading on projects was kind of ridiculous. I would work my ass off and still get a flat B. Also got B's on tests, even though I studied a lot... I'm a straight A student... this was hard for me to deal with. Take Vajda.
Awesome teacher makes psych fun. . . Take if at all possible very enjoyable and a great guy
His lectures are not straight from the book, which is nice. He also explains things in detail to help people understand. He enjoys questions and never treats people like they are stupid. He even gets stumped by questions but returns the next class with some kind of answer.
Plenty of opportunity for questions, and he'll never make you feel stupid for opening your mouth-he's always open to new points of view.
posted his lectures online, but said a lot in class that wasn't in lecture. he definitely requires you to attend lecture and take notes, but tells you what is on the exam right before it.
Quirky guy, but very intelligent... Read the book and take notes during class... One research paper and a mid and final test... Gives you a list of potential questions and picks three of them... Know em all and you pass the tests... 6 random quizzes that are not difficult... Easy class overall...
I will miss film viewing class. Mike Rydman is slightly eccentric but overall a cool older guy. I def recommmend this class.
DEMOCRAT. Hates our president. Thinks he knows everything. Easy class though. Know the study guide and you're fine.
Friendly. Always seems to be in a good mood. Tries to make lectures interesting. Weekly quizes. Exams are all essay.
Nice guy, just really cheesy and insecure...rather annoying
You buy your textbook. You get what you want to out of his classes. Your IN COLLEGE. Quit whining like a baby. You have the option of doing as many assignments and readings as you would like with him giving you a minimum goal which is HIGHLY appreciated seeing that we are in CC and have other classes, jobs, families, etc etc etc. I like him.
If you need interaction with the professor then this isn't the class for you. There was little to no interaction between the professor and students. Everything was based on the textbook which made the class extremely easy since all the answers were either on google or in the textbook.
Online class- SUPER EASY. 1 discussion board per week, 1 Exam every two chapters, however the exams are about 70 questions. Easy class though, No final exam, ends two weeks early. I would take it if possible :)
Took Telecourse class, dont even have to watch the tv lectures, tests are all out of the book and there online and you have unlimited time to do them easy A if u work hard. They are long tests though
It was a real easy class, open book(open partner) tests. Talks a lil off the subject sometimes, but overall not too bad.
oh it's very easy and she's really nice. she'll like tell you the answer if you ask, no matter what, even on tests. she wants her students to pass with flying colors and does everything to make that happen.
Agnello is a very thorough, friendly and helpful teacher. His enthusiasm made the subject interesting. But his exams are extremely hard. The final is worth 40%, and two exams are worth 25% each. Despite how competent I feel in Microeconomics, I ended up with a C.
Class is difficult (materialwise) and he moves quick. I tape his lectures to keep up. Of the profs who teach the class he is the best. Nice man, just a hard class.
I love this guy
Great professor; she's fair, professional and tough as nails. Good in a class setting, but it was sometimes awkward to deal with her on a one-on-one basis.
He's really cool and fun to discuss issues with!
He's biased, and very liberal. But don't fear, he's fun to argue with. Plus you get to use notes for his tests
Most of the time can't tell if he's being serious or sarcastic. WILL make fun of you. This class is a combo of 360 & 460 VERY time consuming w/ reading 1-2 chapters for each class along w/ hw. & for the 1st 1/2 of class, a chapter a night from another book w/ hw. Grade is completely based off of quiz grade & very hard to bring up, so STUDY.
great class! never met Malott, he has GA's teach the class, he just sets the guidelines! very strict grading scale. you'll learn more in this class than you ever have in any other class. very very time consuming. quizzes everyday with definitions that must be memorized word-for-word.... no joke!
great course, the helpfulness of the GA who taught the class was great
Zeeff is the best prof at CC. period. I had Sam Naves before Zeef and I loved him, but Zeeff is even better. He makes everything intersting and has lots of HILARIOUS stories from his 15 years of experience as a police officer in G.R. Great guy, fair amount of profanity, but not tastelessly.
Very straightforward, easygoing, fun to listen to, knows his material
By far my best professor yet, he is interesting and know's his subjects very well. Does a good job of combining humor into his lectures to help keep his students interested, and covers everything that will be on the exam very well.
Grossman is amazing! I didn't miss his class once! He's really funny and ties in every day occurences well with politics. Make sure to take really good notes and speak up in class! Take AG's classes... he's AWESOME! He even invites his students over for Thanksgiving Dinner! LOVE HIM!
Dr. Morrill is an extremely intelligent man. He made me think more than in any other class I took in college. He will make you work very hard but make you question things you never thought about.
Dr. Adam Parkes is brilliant. He can be cranky, but his British accent and rumpled appearance make up for it. He challenges you to think more deeply.
Intense teacher, loves history with all his heart and makes you learn things you have never seen in other history books. Is fun and easy just pay attention and take good notes!!
Cain was a great teacher- his notes and teaching were very clear and his tests were fair. He also gave extra credit quizes which was great.
I took this class as a 6wk summer course and couldn't have asked for a better teacher. Very Easy Class, Group projects that are easy, One big assignment at the end for a final start early otherwise a GREAT PROF and Easy Class!
Very nice teacher, has ADD so she gets all over the place, but the material is covered well. Large final group project, so choose your team wisely. She also bought pizza and pop for the class over the course of the semester.
Duncan is passionate about her teaching, and will go to great lengths to help students find their voices, even at the risk of her own health. I've learned so much from her about literature, history and myself. Plus, she's a fun lady if you get to know her. Yeah, she's tough, but so is life. Take a class from her, and finally learn something.
A true gem of a teacher. Amazingly understanding and helpful if you approach her in a kind way. Wants to see her students succeed and do well. Excellent person and lifelong friend.
I have mixed feelings about gen psych... I didn't like the material but Dr. Wight is great. The lectures are SO hard to keep up with (as is the reading) and he doesn't share the powerpoints. The man himself is a gem and hands out good grades if he likes you- so participate! But the exams are REALLY hard so STUDY WELL!! also bad at replying to email
Not a bad teacher. Explains things well. Does give homework but doesnt collet it for a grade. Study guides are almost exact test copies. Pretty Easy Teacher, just show up and take notes
She was a really great teacher, staying after for students that actually wanted to lean the matterel.
Not a bad teacher. Takes time to answer questions and is helpful and understanding.
Pretty nice, kinda boring, sumtimes difficult. Knows her stuff & lets u ask questions but gets a lil annoyed if too many are asked.Not a bad teacher, but I had it too early!I'd recommend her. Attendance isn't really required either except for test, quizzes, & projects but u should should go 2 get it
I took physical geography. Dr Richard Courtney gives wonderful lectures. I loved each and everyone. I also liked how he gave no online work. Make sure you do good on that first map test tho. Dr Courtney will love to explain a concept to you in his office. Just a smart and likable guy
Do not take this class if this is not your major, try to get it with another teacher. Very difficult material for an into/elective class. I studyed hard,did online tutorials,got a tutor,read all the chapters, and didnt miss one class. I still got a C and worked very hard to maintain it. Its just alot of info and calcualtions so if math isnt for you
Dr. Stoffey was a really good stats professor. He was helpful, knew what he was talking about, and overall tried to do whatever he could to run the course smoothly. With Statistics being known not to be an easy subject by many people, Dr. Stoffey really made it seem a lot easier then what most think of when it comes to stats.
EXCELLENT PROF! Difficult course made much easier due to Dr. Stoffey's desire to make sure his students learn. Very helpful and available to answer questions.
His heart is definitely in the right place. He cares tremendously about the students. He makes you work for your grade and when you leave that course with a passing grade, you know your stuff.
Very interesting, take good notes (you can skip and get them and be fine), dont read the text but do read the stories (they are usualy on the tests), best teacher I had this semester, tests are mutiple choice or short answer, personaly I think the short answer is easier.
good overall teacher and very funny, makes class fun and enjoyable!
Awesome teacher, he was able to keep a 3 hour diff eq class interesting each week, and was quite good at teaching as well.
Extremely helpful. Unorganized at times.
I really like her! She is such a sweet and caring teacher! Very understanding!
I know Prof. Lee reads this so here goes nothing. I liked the class, I liked how Prof. Lee taught it, the dialogue presented was very insightful. Only gripe is that the class was very essay-heavy and not very homework heavy, so it was hard to gauge how you were performing really until midterm.
This guy is awesomely crazy, his integration of celebrities and pop culture into the biblical topics are hilarious! I've learned a ton and a half by taking his class. I really don't understand how people think he's hard, his outlines are fine, just leave enough space for two pages worth of writing under each subtopic.
You were really good at what you taught. You really knew what you were talking about. You knew the Bible really well. The only thing is that I think that you dont know that we are just trying to get core out of the way. You test are like some of the hardest test I've ever had to take yet. You did well. Just keep in mind that it is just a core clas
this man knows his stuff - and is worth the time if you care about the topic. opinionated, BUT presents the material and wants/expects you to make applications. great prof - makes you think and makes you work. -- oh, and you can understand him... and he grades well - you can disagree with him, but back it up.
great prof - he's fast & sometimes difficult to follow, but very logical, and very intellectual -if you can stick with the progression of his lecture you will do fine... he enjoys his classes and has a fun sense of humour and lecture style...and oh yah... Prof Lee.. he's so hot right now... Prof Lee
not the most interesting prof, but not horribly boring. Nice guy who explains well
Great personality. Great prof! Expects a lot out of students and crams as much as possible in short time he has to teach. Easy class!
Wonderful man. Wonderful class. The readings were engaging and relevant. The class is mostly just open discussion with a few videos thrown in for good measure. Two exams, three 2-3 page papers, one 4-5 final paper. He pretty much lets you write about whatever you want. All around wonderful professor and interesting class.
Kim is a fantastic professor. She really cares about each of her students and helps in any way she can for them to create the best short films possible. Highly recommend her.
Dr. Mcdermott was amazing for an introductory chemistry course. She made it very clear what you needed to know for the exams, and she gave lots of practice for them. She was very good with answering questions when needed, especially for further understanding.
Very nice and patient with questions. Completing the problem sets is important to be prepared for midterms and the final.
Dr. McDermott cares a great deal for her students and want everyone sucseed. Sometimes she doesn't explain things in enough detail, but if asked she will go more in depth until you understand. She has good office hours and will make herself more avalible when midterms and finals approach.
Very nice lady, and a great prof as in very clear and addressing any concerns we may have had. She held optional help sessions if you needed it. She has my respect in how she can deal with her many obligations.
Nice guy, real world knowledge. Gives extra credit for attendance on days before holidays, breaks, etc. Tries to make tests passable without being a joke.
This guy is great. He lets you skip a test and the final.Tells you just what you need, and makes it not so boring.
I've never taken a real class with him, but I went on the Kiplin Hall trip; he and Mrs. Gillin are flawless human beings. I've a deep respect for them and will cherish my memories of that trip forever. The academic portion of the trip was not demanding, but that's fitting because Wordsworth asks you to observe your surroundings and take it all in.
The children's lit class is only useful if you haven't ever read a book before--otherwise, it's busywork. I don't know that this is the professor's fault, however--maybe it's just that no one ever reads anything that's not required anymore. :(
This man is absolutely brillant. He has changed my life and given me so much more than an education.
Expects a lot, but for good reason. He works to push his students to their potential.
Way too much work for his papers, and if you make one mistake he'll nail you for it. But hey, so will your boss. All around good prof.
Like his way of conducting class--all discussion, no quizzes as long as we show we've been keeping up with the reading. Encourages us to form our own opinions rather than conform to his. Can relate to us well.
She's a decent teacher and is obviously interested in the material. She doesn't appear to have much of an idea how to use computers, which wastes class time. Sometimes she reminds me of Sybil Trelawny from the Harry Potter books. And if she says "pooberty" instead of puberty for the 400th time, I swear I'm going to laugh right in class.
Mythology. Fun and easy. One single-spaced page papers every two weeks on different topics. The only bad thing is the class is on a Saturday and lasts techinically three hours and forty minutes. She lets you out a hour or forty minutes out early, but is personally too long for a Saturday course.
kind of crazy, but overall not that bad
She's nice once you get to know her..the course content is hard! Study well!
I took this class four semsters ago and disagree with all the negative comments. Sure the class is hard and not a walk in the park. I struggled and just passes with a C. However-Jan helped me and met with me a lot any time I asked her.If you need help ask her and she will explain the concepts to you until you get them.Give her a chance,she is nice
Great instructor. Moves at an easy pace. Real easy to get a long with. Doesn't show favorites. Great instructor at MCC.
I really enjoy McCrory and his class. The only issue is that the exams are very hard and they are the only assignments in the grade book. Additionally, office hours are held multiple times a week and act as additional lectures. As my schedule didn't allow for my attendance, I felt like I was at a major disadvantage in the course.
Attend every class! He loves to have pop quizzes based on the content. READ THE TEXTBOOK AND TAKE LOTS OF NOTES. He won't cover everything in class that is in the textbook but still expects you to know that information. You must attend his is office hours. They are basically another lecture and he will go more in-depth and move ahead in content.
Great prof, keep up with the reading or else the lecture won't make sense.
Reader's the best (if you're a comm major). Lots of notes. Goes over tests (only 3) prior to date, making it easy. Welcomes participation. No HW. Great as Chair of Dept. (if you can catch him)
He'll make you sing if you're late to class. Participation is key. Bor is from NYC or something like that. When he gets riled up, the accent returns...great fun.
Dr. Sullivan is a little tough but is a pretty funny guy. Keep all your lab papers from previous ones because he will refer to them throughout the semester. He might seem a little off putting or rude but thats just how he is, he means no harm. the TA's understand him and are easily accessible. He really cares about botany and wants you to too.
Must be ready to study
Dr. Jaspers is awesome! In MATH103, he was able to convey practical uses of mathematics. 100% would recommend. He doesnt take attendance but once or twice at the beginning of the year. Homework isnt due until the end of the year. He goes over the same things for days to ensure his students understand and prepares you well for the tests.
I thought she was good, tough, but good.
I was kind of disappointed that we didn't talk more about the differences between various Christian denominations, we did cover some of the major differences. Powers had her opinions, but I never felt that I couldn't ask questions or express my ideas.
best professor ever. the end.
Dale is clear and makes class interesting
Deb is VERY helpful! She does everything that she can to accommodate the student and she is reasonable with grading and homework. She love micro and wants her student too also! I would recommend her to everyone who needs to take microbiology.
Great teacher! She made a tough class manageable and exciting!
Excellent teacher. He can't help that he teaches hard courses.
i loved her! she is super sweet and funny and class was always interesting. there was a study guide and preview for every exam so there were no surprises. also, no final.
I studied abroad in Chile with Senora and she was the best! She helped me with all of my problems, was extremely entertaining and always made us laugh (even if it was unintentional on her part).I don't know about class, but i def recommend studying abroad w her!
She was so nice and really funny. Her test review sheets are practically the exam, it was great. Let us out early all the time. Class was enjoyable and not too tough if you study the verbs and vocab.
I really enjoy her class! The assignments are really easy (they're just from a work book), and she sent out a "review" for the first exam. Since I'm a freshman here I was afraid of the workload in college, but she's made me feel much more comfortable... at least in Spanish.
The sweetest lady ever. Great teacher and lots of fun.
Good teacher but very hard tests, study a lot
Ellen gives lots of first hand examples. Some are so sad you leave class depressed.SHe demonstrates her love for Psych.nursing with real compassion. Her tests with multiple/multiple questions can be tricky. Study and be prepared. Easy to follow in class. Take lots of notes.
Teacher was very helpful. Has good communication skills so you really understand what she is teaching you.
Got better as the year went on. had some funny random comments. overall a good teacher for such a large class.
took this class after accounting. Class is unecessarily hard due to an unhelpful textbook, and efforts to generalize on financial statements. Atchison is amusing and preferred over Petit, but its hard for me to see someone doing well in this class without an accounting background.
I've never struggled so hard in a class before. Studied for 2 weeks and attended multiple office hour appointments- still averaged 55% on the exams. Everyone I spoke to was struggling just as much. Going back and teaching yourself the information is mandatory. Nice, caring person but the class was extremely hard. Big curve though, you'll need it :)
I personally loved fosset! he can be boring but his test were the easiest offered out of all the other chemistry teachers. never any homework but i recommend to do it, to prepare for test. He tries to be funny and makes it fun sometimes.
Class is challenging but taught very well.
Very nice and upbeat; brings food for saturday morning classes. Kind, considerate and very open to your work but is a hard grader. Work hard.
Dr. Lockyer is extremely dedicated to her students, both in and out of the classroom. She's supportive and challenging in her classes, and gives honest, straightfoward advice to her advisees. A big asset to Albion students.
I had Dr. Lockyer first semester, freshmen year. She tore my writing apart, but with her help I became a better writer and text analyzer. I will always be appreciative. She is tough, yet as kind as that sweet Southern voice of hers.
Dr. Lockyer is a very cool prof. She tries to get students to think creatively and intelligently. Do what is asked and try your best and you are pretty much guaranteed a decent grade.
Good prof, but dont take her class if your not an english major
Professor Rivas was so nice and helpful! She was so excited about international relations (the subject of the class). Was always prepared for class and wanting to make a comfortable environment. LOVE her. I rearranged my 4 year plan to take her class again.
dr. rivas really knows her stuff and teaches history in an engaging manner
david was great. didn't have a problem taking his class
David is a good professor and seems very nice, although it was an asynchronous class so I only have a small amount of insight on that. His written lectures are very strangely formatted and I struggled with that at the beginning of the semester but once I figured it out, I managed to handle it a bit better. You definitely have to try hard to pass.
Amazing guy and you can tell he loves what he teaches, but the tests killed me. Study guide did not help, was just an outline of his powerpoints. Expected more use of the planetarium, which I was geeked about at the beginning of the course. Used it once.
I love his outfits. Very interesting class, LOVED ASTRONOMY! Very prepared, graded tests and assignments very quickly. Gave extra credit. Great class!
Don't need the book because all test information can be found from lecture notes. He realizes that we're not ASTR majors, and doesn't go too far in depth or give us information we don't need. I would definitely reccomned him!
Listen. This class and A202 are the classes that weed out before Kelley. I've taken every single class before entry to Kelley and A201 was by far the hardest. Mr. Birr does his best to teach the material, but to be honest, it's just plain hard. I wish he wouldn't use Excel and he actually showed the math behind things, but that's my only gripe.
Great guy, his knowledge on history is amazing. Always uses powerpoint but the stuff he says along with them is where the real meat is. I highly suggest him if you have an interest in history as he is also the head of the hist. dept. READ AND PARTICIPATE
hard but you learn sooooo much. its worth the effort bc he's an awesome teacher
A very good professor who goes out of his way to help his students. Field day so students would effectively access library for research paper. He brought in films to give students better understanding of historic events. He was very consistent with the syllabus, Informed students what was going to be on quizzes and tests. Always available.
I can't believe some of the comments I have read here. This is a wonderful, knowledgeable professor who is more than kind to his students. He sometimes displays distress when confronted with a "student" who is clearly not college material.
i have taken him for more than one history class and plan on taking him again, classes get boring but will make sure you dont fall asleep by calling on you, buy the books you'll need them for tests, midterm & final are alot to study for but he gives a study guide
While this class is typically offered at 8:30 in the morning, its nevertheless an excellent class. Definitely like how he combines video and lecture in the classes. However, not a fan of how we're supposed to summarize 100 page reading in two pages and tends to leave out stuff about upstate NY. Grades very fairly, good class.
Very knowledgeable and funny. Love his classes!
Good teacher, very lively, will ask you how you feel about EVERYTHING. A little tough on the grading sometimes.
very nice lady....but lots and lots of work
Martin does a great job relating law to everyday life. I have learned so much from our discussion post, and he will even respond back to your thoughts. However, almost every answer on the online tests is from quizlet's website. Lots of hw and stuff to do but it is mostly opinionated and participation points. Required to log on 3 times a week.
Gives difficult tests and is a nit-picky grader. She was very willing to talk to me out of class and was helpful in giving me advice regarding my major.
Pretty good professor. Likes to use solid real-world examples. Very practical and well-educated teacher.
What a great prof, how could you go wrong with Doc.
Danny is such good prof. his classes are fun and he keeps everybody involved either by asking or group work. I highly recommend him and I wish that he teaches a class like Java then I would definitely take the class with him
very easy class. requests that you buy the book and assigns readings but does not test. only 3 three part papers due all quarter. easy class
Solid teacher, usual workload with a couple papers along the way. Fairly easy grader. Lots of extra credit opportunities that are honestly easier than the usual assignments. Pretty easy A, just turn things in on time and youre good!
Charismatic, enthusiastic and so excited about her material you can't help but get involved. Best History Prof I've had yet!
Great. Take home tests, and interesting. attendance doesnt affect grade.
Dr. C genuinely cares about teaching economics without all the junk. He lets the book define the concepts (the online quizzes are straight from the text and easy points) so he can save class time for how things work in real-world scenarios. He gives study guides and his tests are very fair. Lectures are funny and interesting. Highly recommended.
great prof, very engaging
I had some difficulty with this class, but in the end I've decided it was a good class overall... Major problem for me was that the whole grade consisted of just 3 essays (25% each) and 7 pop quizzes (together 25% - MUST READ MATERIAL BEFORE CLASS :( )... Key to good grade is to go see him to ask if your essay ideas are accurate... Grade: A-
had him for nicomachean ethics. what a great great class. i will miss him with that class for sure. he really is like a peer. he cares and is willing to explain any and all of your questions. just a great guy. the HUGE final paper though took about ten years off my life from stress, but its all good. i still love him=)
He really is the nicest guy and his excessive Britishness is hilarious. Class does get really boring especially for the hour and fifteen minute block I have with him but he'll help you pass if you're stuck, and passing his class is really not hard to do.
He's really easy. Pass in a rough draft and you're golden.
Excellent teacher; taught me practical aspects of how to live a healthy, happy life over all. 25 years after college, he is the ONLY professor I remember at all & I am still applying the lessons learned in his class. This guy is brilliant. Some people did not "get" him; their loss!!
being in his classes were one of my most fondest memories at MSU. i'm not sure if the majority of the students were on a level to consciously recollect all that he was getting across. but if you got it and had some 'aha' moments, then you walked away with more than good laughs at some funny jokes. he definitely made his mark at MSU.
I hated this class when I was in it, but fast forward 10 years and it was one of the most helpful I took at Tech. Jim relies on you being able to learn a language yourself - he teaches the underlying principles and concepts. His grading policy of "whichever is lower: your code grade or your documentation grade" is golden. That is real world.
Makes Greek history, even battles, very fun even though I usually hate military history. When details about events aren't known he makes up his own fun versions to keep it interesting but still makes it very clear that it is not true so that you don't get confused. Relates events and politics to present/himself for even more humor. One of my favs.
He is such a good speaker and professor, he is soo funny too! He treats the students very well and is pretty straightforward with what he wants from you on tests. Definatly take a class from him simply because he so funny.
THE BEST PROFESSOR ever! extremely funny, lectures are fantastic. midterm, final, two papers. CRAZY about dates. readings are relevant and very helpful.
impressed by knowledge of the subject. gives generous grades
You really learn something out of this course. Homework might be a little too much, yet is worth it.
Such a good prof but tests are crazy hard. Actually, not too hard if you've studied the material and can warp time. His exams are very fair hour-and-a-half tests that he gives you 50 minutes for.
He was a very cool prof who offered lots of help. easy to approach with questions and gave clear instructions on what he wanted. He was a tough marker though being pretty rigorous and analysing your work carefully.
i liked him, he knew his stuff, very clear, no surprises
Nice guy. Complains continuously. Sincere. Good.
Great professor, really interesting class in my opinion. Really easy exams and one project that isn't too much work. Exams are easy, he gave my class the opportunity to retake two of the exams because of how low the grades were.
GREAT PROFESSOR, SO KIND AND SMART
I hardly studied and I am not a native speaker. Easy A.
I took it winter02 and I found it to be very easy. You can fix almost all work.
Wentzheimer is the best. Definitely the prof you want for engineering 209
Loves science, and it shows. Very knowledgeable. Howerver, hard tests.
A bit of an unorthodox style of professor, his lectures often teetered between confusing and simple. Easy to talk to, and has plety of interesting things to say. Tests are sometimes notoriously hard, or surprisingly easy. Really depends on his mood I suppose.
His lectures are interesting and go by quickly. He tries to teach concepts that can be used outside of math class; his exams reflect this.
Excellent prof, fair exams. Funny stories and the lectures are very relaxed. Would definitely recommend.
awesome prof. so many funny stories. makes going to class enjoyable. answers any question posed. really helpful in his office. comprehensive exams. that are not difficult if you have done some studying. Great prof
HILARIOUS prof--entertains the class to no end. As far as math goes, his examples aren't the easiest to understand. The text really isn't that helpful so pay attention. Exams are VERY fair. I never went to class, studied the night before the midterm & final and came out with a B. Note: not for people who struggle with integration.
engagingly sarcastic & has cool accent. He makes math fun!
I love this prof. He's hilarious, he spends half the class on life-lesson type tangents. And yet I managed to learn so much in a class that was completely new to me. Algebra in this sense is a completely foreign topic and he made it easy. The tests were easy, there was no homework. I wish I could have more classes with Sehgal.
This class was a piece of cake. Exams came off his notes and assignments. Light work load. Hes a pretty funny guy too.
Notes are helpful and class is easy to follow and understand. You will be prepared very well for her tests.She may not get every question but besides the sick days, she does know exactly what she's talking about.Superior method of information communication, powerpoint keeps the attention.Recommended
Amazing professor. Clear, consistent, concise. Uses skeleton notes; you better show up to class to get the annotated versions. He really walks you through the content and you get a thorough understanding of how compilers work. The only course I have made EVERY effort to attend! 1010, all my female friends have crushes on him. Some guys do too!
I love this guy. <3 He's funny and keeps the lectures interesting.
teaches hard concepts in a simple way, but the assignments are not simple at all
I went for the jokes and because the class was at 11:30
For those wondering, it's pronounced "vah-SIGH-juh"
haha, funny guy, definitly makes fun of the class if no one gives him answers. but hes not that hard
Solid professor and sharp. Knows his stuff, yet very grounded. Quiet, pleasant personality, always able to give insightful clarifications when you need them.
BEST professor I have ever had. She teaches a ton of material and you really learn it & has a great combination of course work and real world experience. Only ever has test questions on what she teachescovers it all in detail. Also checks her pace constantly to make sure its OK for everybody. Is flexible with work scheduling. Highly recommend.
MacLean is the wo-man! And arent we all glad there is a professor that can actually teach comp sci/networking in english and be good at it. Labs are very helpful because she guides you through them. Tests are a lil' more difficult than you might expect.
do the work get the grade what could be better?
covers WHOLE book in both class really knows her stuff
Rambles on and on, but in the end its worth sitting through her class.
I loved Dr. Snipp! His class was the perfect way of waking me up in the morning because he is always entertaining. As far as work, he tells you everything you need to know the first two days after a test and spends the other days reviewing that material. Offers practice tests and grades on a curve. What more could you need?
The class was kind of a joke, but you could anticipate that from the ridiculous (and extremely overpriced) text book. Dr. Whipple is nice, but a class that doesn't teach you anything is a waste of time and money, nice or not.
She is very clear on content, and tests are based directly on her notes and lecture. Pay attention to even small things mentioned in lecture, because surprisingly they will show up on tests. Grading is hard- not sure if she actually gives out any A's. Class discussions and exercises are very helpful in preparing for the essay section of tests.
I really enjoyed this class with him, the course material was interesting and he actually had a mandatory "tutuorial" once your paper was handed in to go over it and talk about it. Honestly I think this was the longest amount of time I have ever had one on one with a proffessor!
He was a very friendly guy who was able to relate the materail to the real world. He got me extremely excited about Marketing and almost caused me to switch my major to marketing. His quizzes could be rough for some but aren't terribly difficult. The project is a pain only cause it is a group project. One of my favorite profs I've had in 2 yrs.
I took FIN 3200 & later took FIN 3450 with Dr. Balik because I thought he was extremely effective (my major/minor was ISM/CIS). For FIN 3200, homework accessible with an online access code was mandatory, and there were 8 quizzes throughout the semester, which made the difference of my success in learning in class, and on the midterm and final.
Such a nice guy. First time he taught this course and was pretty unorganized. Easy A for sure. There were some days we literally just sat there.
Enjoyed the class and the professor. The bulk of your grade comes from a group project. The power quiz's are extremely hard and there are several pop quiz's about lectures.
HR is no joke. Your group memebers are key, and they also can make or break your grade. There are a few quizes that come straight from the book, and 2 tests, no final. Group projects are the bulk of your grade, and are graded by REAL HR Professionals! Wear your power suit and name tags, and be ready to answer tough questions.
he is very chill and helpful but is sometimes awkward to reach out to. other than it was fine. didnt show up to most of his labs yet ended the lab with a 97. i think he is the only option for math labs. should end labs without a hitch. chill time!
PETER IS GREAT, VERY HELPFUL!
I love how he tells us stories all the time. Makes the lectures fun and interesting. Gives good notes. Makes an effort to learn your name, (and does), which is more than can be said for other profs! Shows that he cares!
He came to labs to ask us specifically how the lectures were going; if we understood, if they were relevant to labs, etc. If we told him something was unclear, he would specify at the lecture that very day. Very animated!!!
I love him! He had great stories! Good guy. Just remember to read the text
Professor Van Den Hoogen is definitely a nice guy and is a good teacher for stats. However his midterm and final exams left me extremely confused. I felt I did great on both but ended up feeling cheated after seeing my midterm mark and final mark. I finished top 10% of the class with a sub-optimal mark so I know others must of felt similarly
Great prof!! made class interesting, was easy to understand and funny too. very enthusiastic about math, definately take him for calculus. do the assignments and the exams wont be hard
nuts. Gotta love him. The pose he makes when he thinks of a problem, he looks as if hes getting his portrait drawn. you guys will know what i mean. he cracks me up and he's always willing to help out. never ever seen a person with that much enthusiasim for math tho. great
Upbeat, all over the place. Great prof tho, take him if u get the chance
Really nice and helpful guy. Makes math almost enjoyable. Exams were really hard, though - mostly because they're common exams. There's a quiz every week which are usually decently easy. Take him over any other calc prof.
An awesome guy who really likes what he's doing and is capable of making you enjoy it too... yes, even math! He mixes it up in the classroom, and is very approachable and challenges you to think.
I took Dr. Haskell for Greek and Roman Mythology. Best class ever! Take it if you can!
he is by far the most intelligent man i have ever met. knows everything on S.Africa, only thing is it is hard to know if he is being rude, or if it is just his personality.
If anyone says anything negative about Jack, it's most likely because they couldn't handle his intensity. Very demanding, but very rewarding if you put forth the effort. I miss you Jack.
Awesome philosphy prof that SU let go. Talk to his wife (Elizabeth) in the history dept if you're wondering where he went.
Great guy, wonderful class.
Took Into Chem I with him in the 1990s. I was the only person to show up for a review session - and he didn't cancel it - just sat there and helped me through the material. Awesome.
Wonderful person who uses personal stories sometimes too much. Cares deeply for his students and is quite inspirational. The material must be read for the exams.
Read a book in a week and watch the movie or tv show then you discuss in class. It's very laid back and Reynolds is very understanding. Participate for class but its really not a big deal. I never read the whole books. Watch the movies and have the book to refer to for at home quizzes which is allowed! Like 2 reflection papers and they are simple.
Class is OK. It's bearable and you just have like 5 major writing assignments. Class gives good feedback on good writing but is hard to be motivated to go to. I got a B without trying too hard.
he's very helpful--even came in on weekends...really wants us to succeed & be experts in the material we're learning. keep up with readings-there are short quizzes often, but they help in learning flash. tests are from class notes (posted online) & readings and get easier as semsester goes by
His lectures can be boring, slow, and unorganized. He often teaches down, rather than teaching at more advanced levels. He tries to force learning outside class instead of teaching. His tests suck. REGARDLESS-VERY nice, helpful, available, & fair grading.
Adorable Man. 50% of your grade is homework each week, however it's a completion grade, 30% is 2 midterms, 20% is a final. Sweet guy.
Though sometimes he seems to confuse things by over-complicating problems, he always puts forth the effort to explain things to students when they do not understand. His quiz system (weekly quizzes) as well as his outside availability make it so that you will do well in proportion to how much effort you put in. I plan on taking more of his courses
I agree. This guy doesnt get the respect he deserves. The only reason he yells at the class is because the students are rude and disruptive. ALWAYS available for help in his office. Strongly reccomend taking him for 330.
Donna is the sweetest old lady- reminds me of my grandma. The only reason I gave 4 out of 5 is b/c she assigns too much "busy work" with partners. Her class isn't difficult at all though if you show up and do all the assignments! Participation matters, and you get a max of 4 absences before you get docked points. Super caring and a lenient grader!
Prof. Coulet du Gard was a kind professor. I had 4 years of french in high school, so 106 was pretty easy. The exams are straight forward. There is an oral exam with a partner. There were quizzes I believe and writing portions on exams, but nothing unmanageable.
so nice. pretty easy. I reccomend her.
Probably the most wholesome man on campus. Loves students and is very xo passionate. Class has tons of reading (like 100+ pages a week) but is mostly interesting. 40% of grade are group projects and quizzes, and 60% are 3 exams (no final). An absolute sweetheart and doesnt want anyone to fail. An easy A if you read and have some common sense tbh
The actual topics aren't hard, but the exam questions are really tricky and are sometimes kind of specific. At the beginning I kept up on all of my reading and pretty much knew everything on the tests, but once I got behind on the reading, my exam grades went down. Tons of reading and takes discipline to keep up. Hard to catch up if you slack off
Good class, Kelly is knowledgable, but very high on himself
The exams are very application based so you will really need to study. There are 3 exams and then an optional cumulative final where that grade can replace a lower exam. There's group which is an easy way to bring your grades up. Attendance is not taken but if they do group work while you're not there you can't make it up. Be there to get the notes
There were 3 essay exams, each 33.3% of your final grade. She gave a list of possible questions, and then randomly chooses the ones you have to answer. I failed all 3 and as a result, i failed the course. I put in 10+ hours of study time for each and no explanations were given as to why I was repeatedly failing. I do not recommend this professor.
Nice lady, but very hard grader...essay exams!
Excellent teacher. Tests come straight from the notes. sweet! any ?s haa
He is obviously very knowledgable and if you talk to him he is very caring and smart. The weekly tests make up most of your grade besides lab. The powerpoints have all the information you need on them so I studied those and the book simultaneously and did well.
Dr. Rose is a good professor but can be quite boring during lectures. I outlined the chapters, studied the slides, and looked over the chapter summary/outline that he would give us, and I ended up with an A. Gives 12 tests (usually on 1-2 chapters), drops the lowest grade which is nice. Tests get progressively harder. Study a little and it'll be ok
Moves fast, you cover 1-2 chapters a week and have an exam EVERY week. But his lectures are clear and the structure makes sure that you keep up with the material. No cumulative exams! Labs, especially in 309, were really interesting. Intelligent, nice, and helpful prof- miss his class!
Margaret was an amazing Women & Lit prof. Very knowledgeable, with had a good sense of humor. She took a subject I find interesting and took it to places I wouldn't have thought of. Expects quality work but a reasonable grader if you apply yourself. Lots of film clips and discussion. Highly recommend.
great attitude, fun and wacky. Brought in food when class looked tired. Grades hard, but each paper for this course was to be REVISED for a portfolio. C's during the semester turn into A's at the end when you do the work. Great materiels covered, as well.
I like this class a lot! I think she's very funny, and we have a good time while learning about Shakespeare. :)
test are not fair understood the material but failed the tests. they are 10 questions with 3 questions in each. you have one hour to do it and its typed. you must get the question word for word to get it right hated the class because of the tests
Good professor. Gives random quizzes based off of assigned readings.
Pretty boring lectures, but informative, bunch of note taking. Tests are how previous reviewers have said. I had Obrien for 1B, and personally find this class much easier than Obrien.
The professor is really nice and helpful. but it is just too much for a ge course. you will need to study about 30 art works and you need to memorized; the title,author,what period. medium and the signifance of 1 piece of art work every week for quizzes. and she only choose 3 for the quiz hard! no hw, gives extra credit. and 1 research paper.
If you have no interest in the subject and only need units I'd advise you to take something else because the class can be demanding and her voice is so soothing that it can be hard to stay awake. She allows you to skip the final (which is incredibly difficult) if you average an 8/10 on the weekly quizzes. Research paper was easy.
Could have gotten an A if I had taken the attendance seriously in the beginning (missed a quiz). overall, she was fine. art is not really my thing but the class was pretty easy, with all of the artwork for the weekly quizzes being shown during lecture (made the 130 dollar textbook kinda pointless haha).
Not a very easy class, though somehow I got an A, quizzes kinda require you to know all the art pieces she covers, but she seemed to only choose the ones she talked about the most. Lectures were pretty boring, she had a policy that she would lower your grade based on absences, I had like 6 but my grade wasnt lowered.
Dr. Wheeler was the absolute best professor I have ever had.I rearanged my sched every semester to ensure I had room for at least 1 of her courses.She made material real and opened every topic for interpretation.The key is to be a REAL STUDENT. Don't waste her time by taking up a seat if have no intentions on exploring the topics.
Teacher is very boring. Tests were hard, and I found this class the hardest of all the modules.
Defintely not the easiest class I have taken, but she goes over everything so thoroughly that the ideas are very well represented. Just dedicate about 2-3 hours towards the homework, as it is pretty extensive.
He grades somewhat arbitrarily, especially on group projects. Uber-geek, but has a dry sense of humor once you get past his whacked out appearance and voice. Not a bad teacher.
Hands down, the best prof I've had at McGill. Everyone in Econ should take at least one Green class...extremely interesting, and quite possibly the coolest/nicest prof on campus.
The lectures were amazing, but the Task were really not helpful and the grading was tough.
Readings can be heavy but her lectures are very clear and thorough. You can really focus on learning for the sake of learning in this class because there are only 2 mini-essays and an essay final to worry about. TAs held great conferences and participation was not graded.
Deslaurier's lectures were a great way to delve into the reading. My experience is that the TA who graded my assignments was pretty harsh, but certainly still worth taking the class. Great class overall!
Great Prof! Lectures are not mandatory but you'll never want to miss them. Professor Deslauriers is clear, witty and interesting to listen to! Assignments are fairly graded, and she encourages students to come to her if help is needed, or you want a grade reevaluated.
10 years after taking her course, this is the one I still think about. I loved the readings and the way she handled the discussion. It's hard to see the relevance until you are a woman in the workforce and managing children and reporting to 99% percent male leadership.
She is a fantastic teacher, very knowledgeable and the reading material is interesting. An extremely hard grader: the average for our class was a B-. A great introduction to feminism.
She is AMAZING. Brilliant, clear, extremely intelligent... Very helpful. Will go out of her way to help... My favourite class EVER.
sounds just like martha stewart, close your eyes, you'll see. Fascinating class
She was awesome teacher in plant bio. You could tell she really enjoyed teaching the class and was very helpful. The labs were interesting, but her test were a little difficult because she would put everything you learned in class on there including sometimes questions about extra readings and activities we did. But overall she was a really great
very helpful, and very smart, sometimes takes him a while to get to the point, but an excellent proff
Dr. White is very knowledgeable and well meaning but at first he comes across cold and closed minded. Eventually, though, he became one of my favorite professors because of leniency in paper topic choice but might put you to sleep before 11 AM.
Elsheimer is a wonderful teacher. The negative reviews are largely inaccurate. The pace is quick and he forces you to stay on top by having 7 tests 1 every two weeks. His test's are not very difficult. He takes questions directly from the book for the tests. Best teacher for chm 2211 you will be prepared for organic portions of acs and mcat.
He teaches very fast pace.Gives you a review sheet for each chapter,know everything on that sheet you can get an A on all of his tests. He gives 7 tests one every two weeks and has no problem failing the entire class and wont curve. even if you get a C you will know more organic than people that get A's with any other O Chem teacher at UCF.
I would recommend Elsheimer for anyone taking organic chemistry. Tests are ridiculously straightforward. On the progress tests, he doesn't expect you to know much only the basics. But the final is quite tough in comparison. Just read the text book and try to apply the chemistry you learned in CHM 2046 and some common sense. That should get you an A
I'm kind of surprised so many people didn?t like him. I would suggest you sit in the front, read the chapters BEFORE class, & do the homework! Tests come from homework. About mid-semester he stopped giving multiple choice tests & surprisingly they were much easier. He gives 8 tests & 1 drop so there?s plenty of room to improve. No EC though :(
Compared to Miles this guy is a genius.
i've taken him before and this time around he is much more helpful.. don't miss class b/c he can cover a lot.. buy the book he wrote "Intro to Organic II".. the practice tests in there are VERY helpful. if u pay attention and read before class it doesnt really require a whole lot of studying.. once you get the jist of the material it's easy
This class was a good deal harder than expected. Quizzes were really difficult and it was hard to tell what would be on them. Take good notes on both the book and lecture, some information doesn't overlap. Luckily, the tests were based heavily on the quizzes and were easier. Dr. Vajravelu is very passionate, knowledgeable, and sweet overall.
She has an accent that takes some getting used to and her tests are absurdly difficult. She wrote her own textbook so if you buy it, read it well, and make notecards you should be okay. Offers in class quizzes to earn some extra credit. Uses the dumb plus/minus scale. Overall I did enjoy her class and learned a lot, but get ready to study hardcore.
You do not want to fall behind in this class because there is ALOT of information and it is strictly memorization based, so prepare to take alot of notes during lecture. Attending class, taking notes, and reading the book are in your best interest. With this, it is definitely possible to pass her class.
Interesting but not always scientific material. All memorization. Multiple choice exams on clicker. Lots of extra credit. Accent is difficult to understand sometimes, especially without mic. Badly formatted "outlines" given instead of PowerPoints. Any little detail may be tested. Very passionate instructor.
I didn't find medicinal bot. hard because I took Ethnobot. with her so I knew her style of tesing.I didn't use the book, I just wrote down ALL the notes from the her slides in class, typed them and memorized them. Her tests are very specific so write down everything including the stories she tells about the plants. Be there for clicker quizzes!
So you're reading this thinking "Should I take this professor?" You should be asking "Should I take this class?" This is ETHNO- botany, which means you're going to learn stupid facts about plants in different cultures. Prepare to scour the book that she wrote for every tiny factoid, because that one sentence about Abrin will be on the exam.
Dr. Rani is so sweet. She tries really hard to make everyone understand the concepts and material she is going over. She does have a heavy accent, but she will draw and write everything out for those who need it. She understands is a Bio class for non majors and tries to make it as simple as possible.
she loves this class and enjoys teaching it so it made it fun(boring subject). very nice person and is almost too nice sometimes. tests are pretty much all straight in your notes. print outs for lectures very helpful, dont need book.
Great teacher. very knowledgable. The reading assignments can be overwhelming sometimes but if u read them you will do great. Beware: if she feels the class isnt reading she will give surprise in class writings. SO READ, READ, READ
Great Teacher. Received A's on all 4 of my essays. Assigned alot of reading but only bc it was summer session. Would recommend, class went by very fast! Very Helpful!
Prof. Mauer is not difficult. 2 opportunities for extra credit. My C was not his fault, I can admit it was mine. There are many discussions, a midterm paper, a final paper, 15 question test and secondary essay 500+ word due the same day as the test, 2 hours to complete the essay. Work due Tue & Thur. Not an easy class, but not hard either. DO WORK!
He is so knowledgeable and intelligent. I've learned more in his class than in any other. We didn't use any textbooks, but a broad variety of philosophical and literary readings which were provided online.
took him for honors english 2. had small quizzes on short readings from the book every time we met, but they were pretty easy and he gave so many that some ended up as extra credit. great professor for english! papers were short too
Wonderful teacher! Quiz nearly everyday, but they are super easy, especially if you've done the readings (which are never very much). A couple of essays, which do require research - but come on, this is college. Great guy, great class. I reccomend him highly!
Class was interesting, book was intriguing. He also let us out early every class!
Class was very easy, She claims attendence is required but not a must! you get to pick the questions you want to answer on her exams which were very easy! one group project that she grades critical on so do good! Shes late to class everyday so beware :)
shows up late every class 15-20 mins. but wants every one to ace the class. lets you do group exams on last 3 exams. also is only one other grade which is a group project.
If you volunteer to go first she'll love it! Take notes and listen to pass.
makes class interesting
Good instructor, speaks loud and clear, has a bit of a temper, I would like to take him again
Hes a really solid prof thats taught this course for over a decade and it shows. I really enjoyed all the little witty jokes/asides he throws in his lectures as well.
Tries to be funny a lot, and askes whether everything was understood.
Amazing prof, definitely knows how to teach. Compared to the other CPSC profs, I've had, he's easily one who can teach the material in such a way that attending lectures and doing the assignments will get you a decent grade. Textbook is not needed unless you want an A and really learn in-depth, but his lectures are clear enough by themselves.
Amazing Prof. His lectures can seem like a lot to take in but all his notes are posted online and he explains things really clearly in office hours. Definitely a great prof for this difficult course.
Very helpful, especially with email and newsgroups.
He knows how to teach!
good instructor and learnt a lot from him and this course
George is rad, he has a little bit of an accent which honestly helps get you through how dry the course material can be at times. I literally jumped for joy when I realized I had him again next semester.
George is a really funny and caring professor who needs to get more sleep at night. His accent can be a bit difficult to understands and the lectures fairly dry from time to time but that's life. The course content gets progressively more difficult as it goes on. He can be very lenient. Don't bother asking him "do you even lift?" The answer is yes.
Needs to be more clear when explaining concepts. Is very helpful though.
Very good prof who is interested in the welfare of his students. Makes people laugh and is open to discussions. Looks like super mario.
Pretty interesting prof. Extremely helpful on webct once you ask a question. Lectures are interesting and make sense, though he often goes off topic a little by using weird analogies. Assignemts are hard, but extremely helpful to understanding.
at least his prof graduated from Berkley. he must be a genius. This is the ONLY thing i like about him....
I took him over the summer for quant methods - a lot easier than the other prof's that teach this, extremely helpful - he wants his students to do well and makes them start to think about math for themselves and to use common sense when solving problems...Just put in a little effort and you'll def walk away with an A
very passionate about this content. 2 tests, final and 10 page paper. have to read for the exam (its not much)will work with you to get a higher grade.
good guy, interesting class, class discussion always heated...but, if it were up to dr. sosa the united states would ive the entire southwest back to mexico, comes off as very anti-american, gives you the impression he views the united states at the same level as the nazis...if you want to spend money on a class that bashed the U.S. take this class
It's a great class and she keeps you interested. Not sure if it's just the immaturity in my class, or if she does this for everyone...But she seems to babysit too much and is really paranoid when it comes to cheating on tests/quizzes.
Great Teacher just do your homework and get the study guides for the test
excellent teacher. highly recommended
Best online class I took so far; corrects assignment quickly and gives fair grades. Lots of reading and writing, but an innovative topical approach. Would recommend to other students.
Dr. Baydo is knowledgeable he wrote the darn book! There are 6 discussion board short essays 1000 words but they are all creating essays and he gives feedback on each essay. 6 quizzes that are directly from the chapter material. The final and midterm are short essays and he gives lots of extra credit. Remember he wrote the text so you can't BS him!
i took this as a four week online class. it was hell. we had 3 or 4 pg papers due 4 days a week, even on the weekend w/midnight deadlines. never have i devoted so much time to one class. Got an A thankfully! not a hard class, just VERY time consuming!
Vic Burton is great! Although his class may be a little harder than others, his ridiculous gestures and explanations are more rewarding. 4 tests (lowest one is dropped) and a final. Reading the chapter and studying is necessary for an A, probably not for a C. Vic Burton is hilarious and a great teacher!
cool, funny guy, interesting class
the greatest teacher that I ever had! but must study for the test
Easiest A of my life! He's really fun!! I recomend him 100%
You want an easy A? This is the guy to take. This semester we only wrote two essays and one final timed in class essay. Not a hard grader, the lowest grade he gives is a B. Only problem is he RARELY ever goes to class and when class is at 6am, it sucks when he doesn't arrive or give a heads up, especially to the commuters. Other than you're golden.
i really think he's great!!! although he sometimes might assign something and then doesnt collect it.. i dont really mind... he does make u read 2 books... but they arent hard at all.. belive me i hate reading... but im taking his 1102 class next semester... he is really understanding and he loves creativity!!
Prof will try to make the material as easy as possible but it is up to you how much effort and time you put in. Give it your all for the first Phonetics chp test (memorize and understand the charts) and everything else will be easy in comparison. Extra credit is given on the tests. TA Jake was very helpful!
Out of the 3 or 4 Linguistics professors at FIU she is definetely the best. I took her in a 6 week summer course and got an A-. You just need to study the material and go over it. She gives plenty of help and you get a grade for participation, which is 10% for doing nothing. She wont test you on anything she doesnt go over thouroughly either.
This professor is ALWAYS fun and classes are interesting and engaging. Professor is nice and always tries to work with you.
Class is pretty entertaining and he keeps things fun and light, although the material he teaches is tough. He makes the class seem harder than it is at first. Once you get through it you realize that it wasn't all that bad.
Hard grader, very sweet, respectful, and nice to be around. He loves what he teaches, and has a grasp on all the topics in which he teaches. Very sweet!
She offers great feedback on assignments. I would've enjoyed having more lectures posted since I'm an auditory learner and this course was fully online. Otherwise, it was great and the professor is very knowledgeable.
Mr. Schiffman is easy, I took class online and his work load is not that much. Just read and the quizzes will be easy he usually gives two chances, and you only have to write two papers. Fairly easy and an easy A. I would recommend him.
Interesting class. Very knowledgeable. Makes you love culture.
Prof. Zucker is one of those veteran teachers you easily warm up to. His sense of humor and charm is unmatched throughout this college campus and he is highly motivated to give each student the knowledge they are paying for. Prof. Zucker is a genuine, one-of-a-kind teacher -now that's hard to come by these days.
An interesting guy and nice overall, but has been known to make some **** comments.
I attended his Calculus 3 Honors class. It's advanced. But he's extremely helpful, helping us with issues we have. During the finals week stays late into the night helping us out. Do not slack off. And do not PROCRASTINATE.
Very nice guy, extremely funny aswell. His smug-ness towards the textbook author is quite humorous as well. He kind of let the class get behind and the later chapters were harder to understand because of that. His explanations can be pretty hard to understand at times. But i recommend him for sure
Gives "study guides" which are basically words to look for in readings that will show up on the quizzes. Skim the readings for the definitions, memorize, and you'll pass the quizzes. Some questions come from lecture. He curves the quizzes by about two points and drops the lowest quiz grade. Choice of final exam or "project" which is just a paper.
McNulty's pretty cool. He will always stop to explain when you have questions. Yes, sometimes he goes on and on but generally, he teaches pretty well. His grading scale is weird and at first, I hated it but now I kinda like it. I'd recommend this class if you know your calc pretty well.
If you are looking for an extremely easy class take this one. 50% of the grade is attendence and participation and 50% is reflection papers. Take this for a good boost to your GPA.
If what everyone else says is true, then i suggest that you take Fred's classes during the summer sessions. He was laid back and his lectures were full of video clips. Despite the long class, it was not hard to stay awake. There were two multiple-choice tests, no homework and a GREAT curve. It's virtually impossible to get less than a C.
Kinda crazy but really interesting. Weird class discussions with TMI sharing. Take lots of notes they pay off. Easy class, if he likes you, you'll love it otherwise watch out. Take him only once though b/c he'll repeat the exact same things
He was a bit of a shock the first day of class but I grew to really respect and enjoy this professor. Students taking this class are going into careers where this knowledge should be learned, and learned well. Holdaway holds you to this standard, as he should be! I liked his rules, and he pushed me to do my best. He really knows his stuff as well.
Amazing teacher, but too smart for his own good
Loved his lectures!! Looked forward to coming to class because he makes learning easy with his funny/crazy stories!! Easy A+++. He lets you know CLEARLY how to get an A since day 1.
Favorite teacher of the semester. His lectures were always extremely informative and at the same time comical. He will keep you interested the entire time! Just be sure to sign up for the Talent Show if you take him during the Fall since you can almost get an "A" immediately after just participating in that wout even taking an exam!!
I took the class online and it was pretty easy. The class consists of 3 exams, final exam (optional), and participation. Do not slack off on the participation points because you cannot pass without them.
I took the Honors version of this class, and it was as easy as most people say it is, and attendance is mandatory. Going to the "talent show" at the end of the semester gives you either bonus points or a bonus absence. Sovik has an entertaining lecture style, and doesn't tolerate people that are too lazy to read and/or don't use common sense.
this was my favorite class! this man's class makes waking up early bearable! he's so much fun and the class in general is just bad ass
It is only the 2 week of school; so I am not really sure how easy the class will be but I love the class so far. I am not a morning person and having Sovik at 8:00am has made it really easy to want to come to class. Anyone that has the opp. to be in his class please do b/c he is awesome.
He's AWESOME! Great class and great guy.
Excellent professor; very skilled in his field, very knowledgeable, and very helpful. Definitely a challenging course.
Great guy and teacher.
Not much work. Gets your mind working and makes you think. Quizzes and exams are all on Quizlet. Lectures do not help with quizzes and exams. Pace yourself, and you can finish the class early.
Extremely boring, but easy grader and easy material
U guys are morons, he's such an easy teacher, only A i got in 2 years of college
The connect assignments are lowkey long but they are good review for the tests. There is no final, just 3 unit tests. They are a little harder than expected tho. Not a fan of one of her emails, she said nobody can leave the auditorium even to use the bathroom. Apparently we always leave bc we are "texting our boyfriends/girlfriends" like what...
Prof Teague is great. She laughs at her own jokes, which I find comforting. Not a hard class at all. She records all her lectures & posts them at the end of class & she also posts the slides (veryyy convenient!) Textbook isn't a must but you could use it to follow the lesson. Follow everything on the syllabus & you'll be good.
took dr. teague for intro to psych, only attended class twice in the semester and passed with a B for her class. she rambles a lot in lecture so I didn't find that helpful, I would just read the textbook (where info is taken from for her exams, what she says isn't on her exams) and I would read and note take and show up for the exam, easy class
Very dry teacher. However, the whole last 2/3 of the semester i stopped showing up to class. She did not take attendance, class was over 100 people, all the powerpoints we did in class were online, quizzes were online, only 4 tests with the lowest one dropped. Passed the class with flying colors!
easy to take advantage of her..hehehe. huge**** and low tone...so you will sleep
here is another hot professor at shu. her looks kept the class interesting for me, but she has some great insight too.. mwahz
A wonderful professor who is genuinely interested in what he teaches. His enthusiasm can easily be seen. His tests were a bit in the insane range, with averages in the lower 50's... However, there is nothing wrong at all with his teaching methods and I highly recommend him. The material is very, very difficult. Be sure to do problem sets and g
A genius professor. The subject material could have been very dry, but somehow Frechet made it fun and comprehensible--he talked about molecular orbital theory for 2 minutes, and I understood better than when we talked about it for 2 WEEKS in chem 1A. To get an 'A', attend every lecture, do the problem sets, and go to the GSI review every week.
Fun & entertaining, tests on trivial things sometimes (kind of unfair), uses curve, lectures are very useful, cares about students, book reading helpful but not necessary, problem sets are good to learn material, but you need problems from previous exams or GSIs, stay on top of things and learn as he goes, the class moves fast.
Cuuuuutie! Frechet was a great Ochem professor, fun&entertaining and most importantly, taught the material very well. He did not go too fast either like *some* professors. Sure, the class was very difficult, but his teaching helped out. Practice problems does the trick though!
Great teacher. Makes lecture funny and interesting. His notes are great. ochem is a hard subject though, no matter who the prof is. dont fall behind
Ochem is usually dreaded among students but Frechet does a good job trying to make everything clear to his students.
I took language death for my anthropology major and it was great! There is like one small (less than 1 page) essay a week, and she grades extremely easily. Halfway through the semester you pick a endangered language and the remainder of essays, as well as the final project and presentation, are about it. She's such a character, love her!
Dr. Lovett was the best! I loved his motto. Jesus is what? Awesome! It was like bein in youth group, but the guy knew his stuff. Im so sad that he left:( And his hairpiece was the bomb!
Very interesting class
The class requires alot of work and there are alot of grades...we had one online quiz for each chapter and if you did not do well on it you were able to redo the chapter quiz.... the test were pretty hard but i belive i will get out with at least a C in the class
Class was easy. People complained every now and then, but overall, class is cake. do the hw to do well (it's required, but helps on the tests). 25q's on exams and 10 q's on hw. hw seriously takes all of 20 mins, as do the tests.
Supper funny prof! 7-10 class and he'd keep us until 8:45 max. Honestly, dont bother buying the text books or even going to class. You have 2 papers to do and you can easily google all your info. The final was 3 question (out of 5 but you pick the 3 you want) Qs and he gave them to us in advance PLUS allowed us a cheat-sheet. Easy A class!
Everybody loves Wolfgang! He is the most laid back professor you'll ever get! minimum work load, easy grader, and he gives you the exam questions before the test... what more do you want? the only thing is I find that we barely use the textbook so just use one you already have ( he makes you read Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, and Machiavelli)
Super easy class and he is hilarious. Class never lasted more than an hour and assignments were pretty easy.
He took what would normally be a really boring class and made it way more bearable than I thought possible. Very reasonable with grades and will re-mark papers when asked. Lectures are very detailed and if you take good notes you can write the essays and exam with only a little reading. Best choice of prof for this class
A man with real world invalvment in what he is teaching. Funny and to the point, never lets you down.
Wolfgang is dope. This man is the incarnation of Christ. The most chill dude ever. i'm going to ask him if he wants to go and drink when this class is over. Word.
He made the classes funny. He knew his stuff. It was annoying when he wouldn't show up to class without warning. Attendance to his classes is important because there is no way anyone actually reads everything that is assigned so his lecture notes are important summaries of the readings.
Good prof. Presents material in a way that makes you think about it instead of just sitting there. Expects you to take notes, no slides. Hard mid-term, reasonable paper worth a lot (40%). Would enjoy having him again.
Aronovitch is a GOD. This man is the best teacher in the PHI department at UOttawa. Clear, intelligent, fair marker. period.
Being a first semester ET4 student, I was kind of thrown to the wolves. He puts everything into simple terms and truly wants all of us to succeed. The content is hard but the process of the class makes it easy to understand it. Love his humor, he makes his classes worth going to. Especially with the class 3 times a week at 9 AM, it's worth it.
EXTREMELY BORRRRING, If you get this class through teletechnet, skip class and watch the video of it (so you can fast forward). Very kind and helpful teacher, though.
Prof. Uehling is a good professor. People are intimidated because he challenges them to think. I wish there weren't so many postings with people whining just because there are still a few profs who want students to learn to think for themselves.
Professor Uehling was very intimidating at first. I had some trouble in the beginning figuring out what he was looking for, then asked him. He was great after that. Helped me become more confident.
Tough but fair grader- only way to get an A is to really go above and beyond her guidelines for the projects, and make little to no mistakes. Tests were pretty standard, class average around an 80. Very helpful, nice person, would learn from again A+.
I really liked him, he was very kind and funny! However, I really struggled in this class like never before. I asked for lots of help and he was always eager to aid (I had emailed him a few times at like 12 or 1am and he would respond within an hour). Despite his help, I didn't do very well in his class (his class is also on a major curve).
Great Prof, both in class and in general if you ask him for help on something he is more than willing to do his best... as a fourth year student who took his course I found I learned something every class, and my bf who isn't even in his class would sometimes come just to listen to him lecture... so far my fave prof @ UW.
a funny prof, has a great sense of humour his lectures are fun but dont expect to learn much.. easy marker.. always says understand the implications of that haha
The gentleman knows what he speaks of, open your mind to him - critically.
His teaching style is very laid back. Very understanding.
Dude, this woman is hilarious. She makes jokes about pinko commies and "The Princess Diaries." People may complain about how hard she is, but she gives you the answers to the test. C'mon now. How many times have you had that in a class?
I really like him as a person and teacher!
HE IS SUCH A SWEET MAN! Hard worker just plain LOVELY. Has really great hair and will do everything in his power to help you succeed.
Professor Ramirez uses a flipped class structure where you watch 30- to 50-minute PowerPoints before coming to lecture. Homework comes in the form of 4 projects over the semester. These projects are difficult and time-consuming. I would not recommend this course for anyone who is not passionate about programming.
Ramirez is overall tough (but somewhat reasonable) but I really solidified my foundational knowledge of Java in this class. I know I wouldn't be doing as well right now had I chose a different professor for data structures. It was my hardest class up to that point but in the long run it benefitted me w/o a doubt. I like his flipped class approach.
The projects feel unnecessarily tough with methods that go into far greater detail of a specific topic than in lecture. The exams are extensive in what they cover BUT not impossible to do good on. Ramirez is a good guy and a fun lecturer who clearly cares a lot about the material, you just have to work a little harder here than other professors.
His lectures were very clear and his projects were realistic and fun. Only complaint is exams are weighed too heavily in comparison to the amount of work you put in for projects, and short answers are nitpicked to death, so make sure you are extremely detail oriented when studying for exams.
Although I came into his course with almost 5 years of Java already, I did learn many things from him. His projects are fairly straightforward, they just require some time to work through. His lectures can be a little tiring but he covers material in a very easy to understand way.
When describing tests, people are confusing 'hard' with 'stupid'. His tests are hard only because they are stupid. Writing whole programs from scratch w/o documentation?!? Does Pitt CS feel this is a valuable skill? Don't waste your hard-e
Not afraid to be wacky in class. Really funny guy who always talks about the "Committee" being after him, as if he's a computer science refugee. Can draw out some examples during class.. especially during Dynamic Programming examples. ... Hilarious in class though. .."To get the Q'ness, you must have the P'ness..."
Great class, he knows what hes talking about and gives very good examples/explainations. Above all, though, he keeps the class interesting cause he absolutely batshit insane.
He has two big projects but is kinda broad on how to do them. Weekly quizzes, two of which are dropped at the end of the term. He expects everyone to debug JavaScript themselves.
Isn't the most organized person ever. Doesn't seem to mind giving out three assignments in a week. Good teacher though, and nice guy.
Daley is very reasonable. Lectures are more clear than the way the textbook conveys information, and slides are available online. (This is good; recitation was absolutely worthless.) Weekly homeworks are a little difficult, but not worth much in your grade. His exams are much easier than those, and he provides practice exams too.
Well, you can't hold against Daley for teaching very hard courses, he does it well - And he's funny, if you get his style of humour. He once said, in the middle of explaining Determinate Finite Automatons diagrams, "...what do we know about loops? (he smiles) They go around and around..."
Doesn't have good material to work with. A very smart guy.
The class seemed split about him. I had java in high school and found him absolutely hilarious in class. Other people got frustrated from not doing so well in class and didn't like him. Class was well-structure. Only problem is being in front of the computer has distractions like face book. Most homeworks are easy... last few a little hard.
Dr. Stevens isn't an easy A by any means. He often goes on tangents about irrelevant topics but does adequately inform you of what to study to do relatively well on the exams. The PowerPoints he provides are the majority of what he covers with a few questions coming from left field on the exams. He curves everything and grades attendance/clicker.
Take the Friday night lecture!! You can go to any but this ones the best. You'll get more out of it.
Dr. Steven's means well. You guys can call him an ass all you want. With that being said, his class is extremely difficult and I literally have not stopped studying for his class the entire school year!! His tests are curved so do the best you can. YES you will actually learn and be ready for nursing school or any professional school,Good Luck!
After taking Dr. Stevens class I have a new respect for doctors and the medical profession. Dr. Stevens is not hard; the material that has to be covered is detailed as the function of the body. Go to lab, use a study group (I don't learn well this way!) and let him know if you need extra help!! and Julia is wonderful in lab, very helpful!!
Taught me a lot just hard to follow at times, he jumps all over the place. Good to have a study group, he really pushes that
Hands Down.. best prof. at ODU ECE Dept. I learned more in this class than all my other ECE classes. Wonderful class. Convinced me to get grad degree with thesis in architecture design.
Down to earth and enjoyable.
A very easy A, 15 quizzes available you are only required to do 10, 18 chapters in mind tap you are only required to complete 10, You have to choose 10 chapters to do 5 review questions on, 3 EXAMS 50 questions each and there is no Final exam.... she also offers SONA for EC. This is my second class I've taken with her and I'll always choose her.
I've taken 3 of her online courses and have received 2 A's and 1 B. She's clear in her expectations, allows you to work ahead (except for exams), and allows you to make up 1 of the 3 exams at the end of the semester. The basis of her courses include 10 chapters of review questions, 10 quizzes (participation grade only), and exam.
The syllabus is lengthy, but it covers all necessary information. Remember to write down the three exams dates and clear your schedule for them. The exams are only available for a 24 period. This is an online course, so it is important to stay on top of assignment due dates and READ. Exams are 60 minutes w 50 questions, so you must know the info.
In the first week she makes it very clear as to what is expected of you & what work needs to be done. Quizzes are very good study guides for the tests. Do not wait until last minute Tues night to do your work, because you will not get it all done. Easy work, it is just time consuming
This was a Online class via Teletechnet. 10 Writing assignments were from easy to challenging. Tests (4) combined multiple chapters. Pretests are very helpful along with other resources to study and prepare you for the exams. I highly recommend doing them.... often. It wasn't the easiest course but life-long skills are learned!!
Dr. Z is pretty nice so far. We are about halfway through the online class and the material is difficult. He answers any questions in a timely manner. There is extra credit for every module, along with 2 assignments. We've had one test so far and he gave back points for questions many in the class missed, enough points to go up a letter grade.
Simply do exactly what he says for assignments. Alot of outside work, but easy classes. Very approachable.
He has change his testing and does M/C from the books website and has essays. He does give a summary what to study. Use the power point slides.
Great Teacher!, Always went back to chat with her. Interesting.
I took violin with professor Vodnoy, he's an amazing professor, and suprisingly tolerant of the fact that I did not read music, but rather picked up most everything he taught me by ear. I figure he figured as long as I sounded good and enjoyed what I was doing that was ok. Which was fine by me :)
Had him for Honors rather then chemistry. Not an easy preceptor but gets you to think about the topics. Don't expect to sit and class and not be called on. Mandatory lecture attendance. Two weekly papers, two large papers.
Really nice, understanding about late work and not TOO hard on papers. too bad the class wasn't more exciting.
Schombert is the best teacher I have ever had, hands down. His style is definitely different and his students can't expect to breeze by without lots of hard work and THINKING. He teaches students how to think and learn - those who prefer high school style Q & A probably shouldn't take Schombert unless ready to make a huge change.
Funny guy. He smells like hotdogs.
Funny guy.
Great professor. Flight attendant style of address makes me look for the exits.
I took Dr. Fuhrmann's class back in 1993 (when most of you were in diapers). I am now a college professor (Humanities). I am not saying he's Socrates, but TRUST me, he knows his stuff. I do take issue with the comments you folks leave. Want an education? Take Furghman and READ. Want to whine? Go home--and learn to spell. This is college.
Spent too much time talking about the places he'd been and stuff he'd seen. Hardly ever talked about the topic at hand. Grading system made no sense. Actually expects students to read the book even though he hardly lectured on what was read.
We had maybe three or four "classes"...the rest of the time he talked about golf, getting ****, and Charles De Gaulle. Easy "A"
Dr. Roberto's class was very informative. I always entered his class ready to learn because his discussions were so interesting. Although you're grade is only based on 4 tests and a final, the tests were not too difficult since they were done online and were open-notes. Overall, great class.
I only had Dr. Ammerlaan for bio lab but he seemed like a solid professor. He was really nice and genuinely cared about his student's success. His other classes may be more difficult, but bio lab was easy and not too much work.
Profesor Ammerlan was good. Your experience really depends on which GSI you have to be honest. I attended Ammerlan's Friday lecture and it made the lab assignment much more clear. After classes went online, he provided very clear and helpful videos for us to learn lab techniques and theory. The quizzes can be tough.
Solid lecturer. Definitely not necessary to attend all of his lectures, but I found them to be helpful. He explains information that's included in lab packets and files well. Would recommend taking his lab class.
2 presentations, 2 four page papers, 2 exams (midterm/final), prelabs (that are strictly graded). How is this a 2 credit class? The professor is fine, but he makes the GSIs grade strictly. I thought we did great on our presentation, but only got an 80%. They take pre lab points off too if you're not specific enough or don't have particular wording
This was my favorite lab I've taken at UM (comp to orgo1,2,). Lab sections were very laid back and actually fun. The amount of work was definitely fair for 2 credits, and nothing was conceptually hard. Yeah the first paper is dense and difficult, but he and the GSI will give you absolutely everything you need if you talk to them. Everything...
Honestly don't know why Marcus gets such a bad rep. Sure, he isn't the most exciting lecturer but he explains everything clearly. Everyone saying how impossible this class is prob doesn't go to lecture or pay attention. GSI dependent but he takes that into account and changes grade cutoffs/curves "tough" sections bc of this/
I thought he was interesting and reasonable. I honestly enjoyed his lectures. The lab didn't have much work either, so overall he was a pretty good professsor
This class is one of those stupid arbitrary classes where grade is not always directly correlated with ability or knowledge and more on if you say the right words kind of thing. That said, Ammerlaan is very clear when he speaks which I appreciate. Grading is a straight scale so don't expect much leeway.
hes a nice guy, going to lab lecture is pointless, the quizzes are okay, the papers are a nightmare
I don't know this guy is still a lecturer. Great guy, and loves what he does. Although I wasn't too happy about sticking a que tip ... well those who took the class know what I mean. But great overall.
Kind of a useless lab with busy work--2 papers and 2 group presentations. No lab manual and lab lectures aren't necessarily important. He had an interesting personality and showed knowledge of the labs, but overall it's just another one of those labs you have to sit through.
Beth Talbert is an amazing teacher! She was the reason I decided to be a communication major! Everyone who needs to take a com class take it with beth! She truly is the best!
Easiest English class in my life. Arnold is an alright teacher, he's not the best, but definitely not bad. Very lenient on grading. I recommend him for anyone looking for an unchallenging English course. We learned how to brainstorm for a paper - WOW!
Our class really liked him....in 1103 there's a lot to cram into one semester, but i really thought that Mr. Arnold took everything step by step, broke down everything, and gave really good notes. his class didnt stress me out or overwhelm me.
An exceptional teacher. Highly recommended for minority students because he understands the issues. He has soul.
i cant believe arnold has such bad reviews. he may have a somewhat dry humor but come on people, he's pretty laid back and really wants you to put yourself out there to show what you've learned. would you rather him lecture the whole time?
I really like this professor and how she creates her courses. I found the readings very interesting (which is refreshing in a sociology course). Her teaching style encourages class discussions and she is very open to several different opinions instead of imposing one like other professors do. She truly wants her students to learn
Great Prof!The material is interesting,understandable and relates to our everyday lives.As a 4th year student, I've seen all types of profs, and she is so caring,understanding and wants all her students to do well.If you have any questions,don't hesitate to ask her,because she always has great advice & ideas!Overall very educational & interesting!
If you attend her lectures then she tells you EXACTLY what she expects on midterms and exams. She goes over cases which appear word for word on exams. Course is a little dry and difficult for first year level & readings are tough but attend every lecture and keep up with readings and you should be good.
why the low rating? i thought he was very clear and straightforward during his lectures, and you could interrupt him at any time if you had Qs. visual basic is the easiest programming language ever.
Let's you figure out your own way - vcool, relaxed guy who wants you to think about the material not force feed it down your throat.
Gets to the point, but very fair and helpful over all
Very helpful instructor and yes, he does indeed know his stuff. . . however, studying theatre is a real waste of time . as far as trying to find a job in the field that pays a decent wage: forget it!!
very nice, gives easy tests and quizzes, great guy
Dr. Herzog may come off as a little weird sometimes, but that's what makes his jokes funny. As a professor he is really good at what he does, best political science teacher hands down.
dr herzog is constantly keeping the class entertained and the class was too easy for anyone to fail
Doc. Z was an excellent prof, the material was boring but he made it fun. The notes were straight forward from the power point, he brings visuals to help better understand the material. The Semester with Doc. Z Seemed to fly by.
Zog was great. Loved the corny jokes, kept it interesting. Absolutely easy class if you go. He pulls some questions from book, but mainly from statistics. Take Zog for an easy grade.
Very nice teacher. Makes too many corny jokes though. All lecture with handouts and powerpoint. Very understanding and helpful if youre struggling and have problem. Lot of emphasis on small group presentations (5 easy ones) on current events. I would highly recommend.
Four tests on iLearn, each consisting about three to four chapters, you must read the book for tests. Curves grades if good attendance. In-class exercises after each chapter is over (can not afford to miss class). Extra credit opportunities are there. Did not have any projects due (lack of time). Great professor but, you must earn your grade.
This course had a heavy workload but Dr. Pharr was helpful, organized, and knowledgeable. The material was very interesting and challenging. Be prepared to work hard and learn.
Best teacher I had at this school. He made the course material interesting, and pretty straight forward.
Excellent prof; he knows how to teach.
Somewhat hard to follow in lecture.
I loved Saponjic! Although attendance isn't required, I would highly recommend it because she goes way more into detail than what her powerpoints show. She also gives extra credit which are painless and the pop quizzes aren't too bad either. The way she teaches is interesting and her lectures were quite easy to understand. The textbook is used too.
Super easy GE. 5 exams with about 4 homework assignments, 4 quizzes, and a discussion board in between each. All online and very easy. Exams were open note and straight out of lectures, and most of the questions were online. Interesting class, and an easy A (online at least).
Saponjic is helpful and friendly. Lots of homework, mostly reading quizzes and mastery training. For online, easy to keep up with. Forgiving when assignments are missed. Lots of reading. Many answers found online.
OK, so I thought this class would be hella easy because I have already done some research in the past. the class is broken up into lecture with Saponjic and a Lab with Tom. Lab was easy because you get this booklet like 271 that guides you through everything, the lecture on the other hand is hard. Expect to study for weekly quizzes and know the bo
Down-to-earth understanding professor. I never went to class.Just read all her power point handouts and referenced the book at times. Read,print out slides, look at concepts on exam review sheet & you'll get an A. I got a B and harly ever studied. Group paper was easy & we all got A's on it. Interesting yet boring course.
Nice professor, boring lectures. But this class was VERY easy; I got an A without too much work. Group paper sucks, though, because I got stuck with lazy dumbasses and ended up doing 95% of the work myself (and getting an A).
It's not really an easy A but it can be a really easy B or at least a B-. I got a 76% on her first test, an 80% on her 2nd test and when I finally decided to ask for help on the last test I got an 86%. Just go ask her for help to revise your notes b4test
I learned a great deal from her class. Test are straightforward may have you thinking a little. I used some of my knowledge I gained from this class in my MGT 350 class because some of the concepts we are learning correlate to Social Psychology
i was a skeptical of a PHL course online, yet also thought it would be easy. well it wasn't easy! i had to work as much as in a live class, but at my own pace. Prof Bob's lectures were sometimes long, but always engaging, funny, and made you think. i learned ALOT!! He answers emails quickly and is always on skype. surprisingly great course!
This guy is brilliant. His class stands out as the most enjoyable I had this year. Being a philosophy course, the material is extremely dense, but very rewarding when you begin to garner a real understanding of what Vallier and the authors are saying. Don't miss a chance to take this guy.
Um, I think I am in love with Bob. Sassy, hilarious, ridiculous, really smart. Brought us dough nuts the day after Nietzsche's birthday. Lots of reading, whatever, it's super interesting if you give a crap about life.
Interesting to say the least. Not a hard class and I got done without reading.
Do not get discouraged by his syllabus or tough grading. You will pass and do well, even if your grades don't show it;) Read everything!
no midterm...no final...quizes twice a week...do the reading...again,do the reading...boring reading but a must...he's funny,very sarcastic, and don't let his syllabus or first day attitude scare you...he's kinda fun...knows his stuff...TAKE HIM BUT READ!
He's really hot if you like that shifty eyed sort of professor thing.
AWESOME professor. Great personality. He personally relates to each and one of his students and really tries his best. He teaches well & is extremely knowledgeable. But don't be disrespectful or anything. Even if he is nice to you, you can tell he kind of has favorites. But unless you are extremely rude, (it's hard to be with Mark!) it should be OK
What a great professor--he loves people who can critique or analyze things. Took him for Discover Chicago Architecture and he will love you if you talk and discuss. Try to add to the class dialogue, he seems to appreciate that.
He was tough on grading but fair. Overall helpful and willing to cooperate with his students.
Seriously Professor Zurawski is a force to be reckoned with. I've never made her upset, but from observing, NEVER eat, leave, or sleep. Not that you should either way, but WHOA. She's super intense one on one too hah. GREAT professor though. You will get your money's worth without fail. She's entertaining too.
very nice professor. really knows her stuff and helps the students to learn more. I'll recommend her
This woman cracks me up. Her attitude, her passion, and esp her walk are almost enough to keep me awake during a class with the lights off. Just be on time and make "art flashcards" for the slides you have to memorize.
Excellent professor. Very understanding and down to Earth.
Do assignments - get A. Great teacher, who cares!
Dr. Hines is my second-favorite professor at Hendrix. I had her at Governor's School during her last year there and when I ended up in one of her classes two years later, she remembered me! She's always been tough, but fair. She's super-smart, although
Harder than most of the other English staff. Hines will write constructive comments on your essays even if you get a perfect score, but I have only met one person who has acheived that glorious 100. She also assigned *lots* of extra credit for my masterpieces of world lit class.
Professor Turner does make things very easy by basically giving you every possible question to be asked on the exam--he also lets you write as much as you want (formulas, example problems, etc.) in a blue book before the exam to use on the exam. The group project is kind of a pain, but overall, the class was pretty easy.
Prof Morris has ended up being one of my favorites. He gets off of tangents at times but he really knows his stuff and he is entertaining to say the least. The low amount of assignments was actually unnerving when it came down to the final grades. None of the class had any idea where we stood because no grades were issued the entire semester.
Prof Morris's lectures are light but informational. He has a LOT to share with you from his many experiences. It may not be "on topic" but it does all come together in the end.
Morris is the man!, He is what is best about the cs dept, extremely funny and helpful guy, gives examples of programs that help with the projects, available during his office hours for assistance, crazy dude, overall awesome and amazing, had him for 250, 350, 381, 390, 417, and 361, TAKE HIM!
Don't bother trying to understand why physics works the way it does. Memorize how to do the problems in his book. You will succeed.
Really cool guy. Down to earth, hippie type, but not in the annoying liberal preachy way. Class is significantly hard though. Tests are only 30 questions so can be tricky. Study the review questions he puts up.Oh and e brings his guitar in one class though which was cool.
Dr. Neill has an excellent list of credentials and he's so intelligent it is amazing but buy the study guide, take clear class notes and you're in there. Anyone can get an A. this class made me want to do research with him next semester, he's great!
Heavy use of videos. Readings are mostly for the test. Not much discussion.
she is really goog
Hilarious, knowledgable and helpful.
He's really intense and can be scary sometimes. I was afraid to open my mouth and ever disagree with him. However, he made the most boring class in the soc department interesting... never a dull moment with this guy.
Very friendly lady and very helpful when needed. She'll offer time on her schedule to help with Sam assignments any with questions for her tests. Attendance is not mandatory but not going to class will definitely affect your grade.
Very good teacher easy lectures and quizzes
Incredibly easy class...sometimes too easy to the point that I can't believe it is a college class and not high school. Lectures are pretty slow as he takes a long time to explain elementary theories and formulas. He makes class entertaining with his odd sense of humor, plus provides review sessions and good study materials online.
He is knowledgeable and his lectures are entertaining because he makes the goofiest little jokes here and there. Class is easy. His book is online and he wrote it. Your grade (+/-) depends on exams, quizzes, problem sets, and attendance all of which he drops one or more of the worst grades. HIGHLY RECOMMEND weather you like econ or not.
i honestly don't see hwo this guy could get any bad reviews, he clearly tells you whats going to be on the tests and he tells really dorky jokes all class period. Very possible to pull an A in
This class was easy for me. He drops the lowest test grade and has lots of bonus. The lectures help some, but reading the book is a must. He puts old versions of the tests online and they are the exact same as his test. Highly reccomended.
As others have mentioned here, Dr. Price is by far the best professor at CSUB. He always cracks a good joke and never shows a hint of bias. Great teacher.
you will not be bored with this teacher. his examples are very relevant to the course. i love him so much, plus he's not that bad to look at.
I loved this class! I really enjoyed coming to his lectures. They were not boring at all, he put his knowledge to it and made it interesting. I am kind of disappointed with him leaving the last two weeks of class and bringin in a diff prof. but still loved his class :)
he is the most inspiring professor i have ever taken. i will take anything he is teaching because im sure i will learn so much. i encourage students who are interested in political science to take his classes.. he's the best
This woman is the expert on all things Chinese! So don't take a Japanese history class from her, like I did! Very kind, very smart, but too hesitant of a speaker to pull off a really seamless lecture. Assigns reading questions she doesn't collect. Likes to make a point of feminist topics, if you're into that kind of thing.
A bit quirky, but a wonderful teacher.
Good teacher, only have to write 3 essays compared to 4, but the feedback before the portfolio is not a letter grade but his own form of grading. Lots of group work with the same group but its easy. Tough grader, near impossible to get 100% or even over 90% on his assignments but is not too strict about when you turn them in. Old but hilarious.
Arthur is indeed GOD! He's so nice, and his little dog is just so cute! Anyway, Arthur is AWESOME!
He is ok, but can be some what intimidating, mostly if you have him for 090 since most the people in this class seem to not take it as serious as he like them to. Once you get to talk to him and know him things don't seem as bad. Just always do the work, and write alot in your Journal, and make your papers good. Just give him Respect.
He really loves his students.. really...and will help out whenever he can...just make sure you tell him like it is...he likes it...and things will get done
She stated on day #1 what was expected, and she meant it. That being said, she was helpful, graded promptly, and gave feedback regularly. The course required a significant amount of time, but wasn't difficult. I'm not sure what the negative feedback is about, I would DEFINITELY advise others to take her class!!
Touch teacher just because she knows what the area is looking for in a future teacher. She knows her stuff.
Nice guy with lots of visuals, class all powerpoint based, not to hard, is there for your help, a true gent i would recommend him.
Dr. Dean was a good professor although I do wish he was more clear with the chapters he was going to cover each week because you have to have the book questions prepared ahead of time and he calls on you randomly to answer them. His syllabus overall is confusing and not very clear but that is the only complaint I have. A funny and genuine guy.
LOVED him as a teacher! Made class funny and enjoyable. Was very clear during lectures and would give reviews for the exams. There are several exams but they were rather easy. Definitely would take him for another MCOM class!
Fantastic teacher! All around easy class! You get 5 absences before your grade is affected, and the only time I used my book is for the the review at the end of each chapter, which he would go over before each test.
Looking for a class to pass? Take this one..BUT this is not an easy A. His tests are NOT word for word from the review...100 questions...about 80 T/F...I did enjoy him as a professor..old cute man that tells jokes :) He allows for 5 unexcused absences. He gives extra credit on every friday! Not incredibly hard just a challenge to make an A
Wonderful professor and hilarious. He loves to tell jokes and give extra credit. All of this lectures are straight from his book which is really nice.
he makes you laugh, very easy
Dr. Dean is a wonderful educator with an extensive background in both the mass communication and educational fields. His tests can be tricky, consisting mostly of true and false questions. Be sure to take advantage of any Q & A time he gives, because thats where all the tough questions come from. Also, pay attention to the movies. Awesome teacher.
This guy will help you to no end if you just ask. Very up front, very cool.
I told Masterpieces of Lit, Science Fiction/Fantasy, AND Bible as Lit from this professor. YES, I liked him THAT much! Agree with prior poster that he was a free spirit, and will also go line by line (in Masterpieces of Lit) to make sure you understand text, story, and big picture. Loved this professor... graduated in 97!
Very good professor if you plan on going into real estate. Funny and easy going. Uses a coursepack, which is helpful.
A difficult but interesting subject, he does not explain material UNLESS YOU ASK!! If you ask then he will spend time until you get it. Practice all problems, he gives the same on tests just changes numbers. I studied a lot and got a B and I'm terrible at math, so it is doable, just ask questions, I think he actually likes when students ask. Funny!
Of course his tests were essay based, this is a history class! I found Borgen's lectures to be very fun, even if they were a bit overwhelming. This was a good introduction to Japanese history.
Very cool prof. he might act a little wierd at the begining but once you get used to him its no problem. Just remember he thinks before he answers any question you ask him. Test are a little hard but they are all open book.
Definitely a boring class and his jokes dont make it much better but the two text are somewhat and interesting. Also the test and quizzes are easy if you did your reading. Hes very open to debating your grade if you show him the answer from a different perspective.
Aram is amazing. His lectures are not very well structured, though interesting and thoughtful. He really makes you see culture from a different perspective (superogranic how he himself calls it:) ). Highly recommended.
Anyone who is truly interested in anthropology, and not just taking this to fulfill reqs: PLEASE LISTEN TO ME. Aram is amazing. Yes, he is unclear, yes he is hard, but anthro in itself is geared towards the pursuit of deeper understandings. Aram is a wealth of knowledge, a true gem of the anthropological community. Serious students only!!
take soc1 w/ Carrol. TAs are cool. midterm and final is too easy. Carrol gives study guides and the test questions are exactly the SAME! One term paper--doable! I got a high B. lectures are boring. go to discussions they help. Only attended 5 of 20 lectures and scored B. take Carrol for soc1
Very energetic due to high coffee consumption. Pay attention to lectures, work the study problems off of the internet. Multiple choice/short answer tests. Cumulative, not mandatory, final. Show up to class everyday b/c u never know when he will have a class activity which gives u extra credit points on you test. Ask if you need help.
Nice and caring professor. Usual weekly homework and super-easy pop quizzes. Exams are a little tough but fair.
His lectures were very helpful and almost impossible to skip. Tests wern't a good representation of the material learned in class, however, the test that can be found on his website (they're hidden, so look for them!) are EXACTLY like the ones he gives (same order and everything with a few numbers switched). Overall, wonderful teacher!
He always seems available for help. Lectures sometimes hard to pay attention to with lots of proofs and such, but gives review which is very difficult. Tests/homework pretty difficult but pretty big curve to make up for it.
His lectures were pretty good but he didn't seem to want to challenge his students (for example he didn't give us a final because he didn't want to grade it). This could be good or bad depending on if you like Math or if you are an Engineer :).
Dr Suchman is very knowledgeable on both microbiology and how to teach effectively, but I found her lecture slides hard to follow sometimes. Her methods are solid, but sometimes she doesn't slow down and explain. Lots of small homework components, and tests sometimes feel meant to trip you up. Still, a solid professor who cares about teaching.
Great teacher has abunch of little things that break up the class so it makes he class go faster. Group tests are some easy points. Exams are pretty hard but enough studying you should receive a decent grade. Make sure you read her multiple choice questions carefully.
Great person, very involved and helpful with students. Makes students think and is very thoughtful himself. Asks great questions and makes discussions interesting. I feel like I am able to talk to him about anything.
she scared me honestly lmao. I can count on one hand how many times we did anything else besides take a quiz or listen to her talk. The final project is an introverts worst nightmare but its not hard. Take good notes/pay attention and you can get an A with very little effort.
Tough but fair, I wouldnt take her again. She would have been great if i was a business or econ major, so don't be scared off if this is you!
Honestly I hate Econ, but this professor is good to take. I struggled and worked very hard and it definitely payed off. The online quizzes suck because it is hard to know exactly what is going to be on them. She really emphasizes what will be on the exams so pay attention
Difficult, but fair - plenty of opportunities to succeed and very supportive
i really enjoyed this professor...she does give very complete notes but she is very clear with her delivery, 2 tests and final, mostly multiple choice with a couple problems to work on, gives a little homework here and there but it helps out a lot...i would reccomend her for other people..
Seriously she's not that bad at all and the GPA is curved by so a 65%is a 2.0! DONT BUY THE BOOK, if u do get it for like 5 bucks on amazon. Test is from her notes so make sure u memorize everything from the notes. she wasn't a bad of prof as everyone says, the weekly quizzes were bad though
Dr Gwynn is very passionate and knowledgeable when it comes to what he teaches. Stats was a hard course but he takes the time to explain the material in depth and offers help if needed.
Phenomenal prof, not the nicest guy. Very eloquent in his wording, gives great exam study hints. It's not hard to get an A; he's known to give 100% on exams and gives bonuses for filling out name/date/class properly, lol.He made me a better scientific writer. No lecture slides but great diagrams and GREAT explanations! You learn SO much from him.
Good prof b/c he's not concerned with memorizing scientific terms. Explains things clearly in normal english, making lectures easy to follow. Interesting, and funny at times. Admits to being a "meanie" in marking his essay-style tests, but he bumped everyone up by 2 marks out of 30 b/c he felt guilty. Would be better if he used more visual aids.
The coolest Professor Ive ever met at York! He teaches very intersting material. He cares about his students learning and is super patient he doesnt judge (even if you ask very stupid questions or questions that have already been awnsered). No wonder he is the chair of the writing department!
Despite how potentially boring the class could have been, Spencer made it a lot more interesting and was extremely helpful when I had trouble with the course. I got a C on the first essay and an A on the second after finishing tutorials.
Talks like a robot and drags his "s" at the end of sentences- always wears black
The best professor I've ever had hands down. Knows exactly what he's talking about and loves it. Makes you love it (well I already did love it but he certainly makes it more loveable) and really seems to get how brains work in university. I want him to teach all of the courses ever... as it is I haven't had him since first year.
awsome guy ... knows his stuff ... reminds me of Q from star trek ... only hes not anoying!
Awesome professor! Intro to Java was boring as hell but easy with things explained well, there were maybe 15 hours of homework a week max. Intermediate Programming was much more difficult tho I did better in that class (got an A), but I had to spend between 10 and 40 hours a week doing homework. Great classes, great professor, couldn't ask for m
Easy class. Lecture is very sleep inducing, especially if you know what's going on already. Assignments can be challenging, but they keep the interest level up. Class recommended for those who have no programming experience. All others, take a harder clas
Probably the most thought provoking and "on your side" professor. Her approach consists of taking the class on a guided tour of where the field started, how it progressed, and where it needs to go. She expects constant improvement, but will support your effort. You get what you give with her. One of the greatest and insightful professors ever.
I feel bad for the freshmen who complained about this class, because they must not have made it any farther. Yes it was hard, but to prepare you for upper levels. Can't thank this guy enough for how much he prepared me for cell/molec, orgo, biochem, anatomy, etc. Put time in, and you will succeed, as with anything.
Awesome guys, really knows the subject. Highly recommended teacher for anyone willing to work.
I was going into this class hoping for a 2.5 i hated bio in HIGh school, and now i love it. I left that class wanting to learn more. He made it fun. He cant be too easy going in class with 100-200 ppl, its tought, but outside he is very helpful he will go over whatever yo need for the exam without hestiation
Dave is an awesome field biologist. I took his class years ago and still remember much of the field biology labs that we did. He used to take his class to his house for pancakes once during the semester.
i hate English, but this class was incredibly helpful. the textbook used was very clear and i actually enjoyed reading it. it was an online course, but had to go 2 different Saturdays on campus. she gave you the writing assignment beforehand, so you just show up and write it. there were 2 short reports and 1 long paper to write, but overall easy
It takes a while to get used to her style, but she has great lectures (although sometimes boring). She does often want you to think her way rather than present your own ideas. But nonetheless I enjoy her classes, mainly the subject (children's lit)
Dr. Troup is funny, open minded, and very helpful with the subject...he's also pretty funny.
I agree that he is no Tony Robbins when it comes to charisma, however what he lacks in enthusiasm is made up in other areas. Although he is kinda kick back in class, he welcomes comments with interest and he is helpful when it comes to papers. Nice man.
Strange to talk to, but helpful and friendly.
As an honors engineer, I RECOMMEND Dr. Ibrahim. His lectures for the chapter/section consist of good summaries and simple procedures for each general type of problem. He posts the solutions to the recommended book problems. Work the problems! Class Grade is 4 tests only, but he lets us use a cheat sheet with anything on it but worked examples.
Might be the laziest/boringest teacher i've ever sits at a desk and lectures the entire year doe not move at all but the class is cake he gives u the questions for the test..test are hard if u dont study becuz there are essay questions that require detail..and he puts major emphasis on class participation and attendance
Very easy class. Remniscent of a high-school course. I didn't think he was mean but he was jerky to some students (the ones who acted out a lot). Got a B+ cause I was lazy.
Be prepared to write well, he grades fairly
Shes a really nice lady and you have no big exams or finals but the weekly quizes are pretty hard even if you study. Almost everybody does bad. The good part is half of your grade is based on group projects that are an easy 100%
Her class today was ok. Although, I'm not a fan of Excel and apparently this course is centered around it. I wrote the comment below this one and I'm not sure why there's a smiley face beside it. I wasn't smiling when I wrote that comment.
Arsenault is a challenging professor and his case studies are time intensive. You must read the cases multiple times in order to truly write a good case. The cases are hard but you will learn. Best professor in the marketing department, in my opinion. We need more like him.
Dr. Arsenault taught an innovation class this semester. It was an interesting topic and overall a different class than your typical bs you learn in the rest of your classes. The workload was a bit much but he made it fun and was very laid back on deadlines. Good teacher. Would take him again.
Really like the guy, and he took a real interest in getting me an internship, and helping me with a career move.
dr flynn is a legend just show up and pay attention youll be fine in 407... tax ii is tough though
Tax is by no means an "easy" course but taking it with Dr. Flynn helped me learn more than just tax things. It teaches you organization and preparation skills as he expects you to go over the class materials beforehand. He gives you plenty of materials to assist in learning you just have to be willing to put in more than the minimum effort.
All the comments I read about Flynn were not true. They just made me scared and lost confidance on myself. He has a diffrent way of teaching, so all you need is read the chapters, do the HK, and pay a full attention. so try to understand and do your best, then judge him.
Took both tax classes, Got an A in each. Read everything prior to class. Do ALL assignments prior to class. Form study groups for studying and for the returns. Exams, do your best not to use your books. They will slow you down. Write every single note, and copy everything you think you might need from the text onto 9x11 paper. Bam, A.
dont listen to the other comments this gut is the best acc teacher at wcu
Please, people. Dr. Crotty is not a difficult or ruthless professor unless you let the preaching of non-committed students influence your conception of him. I've found him to be very kind, sensitive to the circumstances of others, and always available to help you better understand material. It's called work! This isn't high school anymore.
Funny and can keep the classes attention. There is several short stories and in class essays. One research paper thats worth a lot. Overall and okay class to take. Professor makes it worth it.
I took home part of the summer and although I had a novel to read in such a short time...he was very detailed...gave us ideas on what to write about and even told us word for word of what he expected of us. He was a very good teacher...got along with the students pretty well too.
Best teacher ever......Just pay attention and do your assignments..BEST MATH TEACHER
She has a good teaching habit in world geography! She also travels everywhere! You must take notes on all the powerpoint and everything she explains to you. She offers a study guide, and although her test comes from her notes, it's recommended that you buy the book just incase you want to see maps and have a clear understanding on what you learn.
OK, SHORT AND TO THE POINT, VERY VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE WOMAN. SHE HAS BEEN ALL OVER I LEARNED A LOT!! BUT NO EXTRA CREDIT, 4 TESTS GIVES A WORD BANK FOR STUDYING,TAKE NOTES ON EVERYTHING NO MATTER WHAT SHE SAY THIS IS COLLEGE BUT I KNOW MOST PEOPLE WANT EASY THIS IS NOT EASY!! THOSE WHOSE MAJOR IS GEA/GEO TAKE HER DO THE WORK! I WAS ONE FEW WHO GOT A
She has a way of drawing you back in time and showing you history. Her classes had a sitting around the campfire telling stories kind of feel. Her tests were straightforward . . she does have a review so you have an idea of what is on the test. Take her . . I made a B (my fault) it should have been an A.
Prof Grad was the easiest class I've ever had to take. He provided us with the PDF for the book that we never used. The test were a little bit difficult but nothing Google couldn't help out with. The lectures are long but worth the A.
Professor Grad was super nice! There is no way you cant pass his class you gives plenty of extra credit and gives a chance to finish your assignments even in the 8 week span that I took him in. I was still passing.
Great class. Very Use. Barely used textbook. He says that you can't miss more than 2 classes.He is very funny, during a lesson he might make a few jokes.There are 4 tests with a take home portion each time(study guide for each test that is exactly what is on test), and no homework.I recommend this to anybody, great professor, great class, and easy.
Awesome religion teacher. Textbook not necessary at all i never read one page! take good notes, tests come from lectures in class
Really great class, and very interactive. Learn quick because you do things as a class. Material is easily understood. (and all this is coming from a high school student ((dual enrollment)) Good teacher, and very considerate of students!
Professor Somers is passionate & very devoted to the study of conservation biology, which in turns inspires her students to get involved in helping change the world. I never thought I would say this about a science class, but I truly enjoyed every class. Very interesting & colorful powerpoints! I barely studied and ended up with a B+.
kind of old fashioned but very inspiring. she's definitely trying to make a difference and encourages students to do their part. very approachable, but be warned, she has a tendency to go off on tangents.
I had Ruina about 5 years ago - you might not like him, but you'll never forget him. Like it or not, you're probably gonna have him for Dynamics (which is a widely hated course no matter who teaches it). So bite the bullet, buy the book, live in office hours, and learn the stuff.
2600 is awful, just get through it. 4590 though, is AMAZING. I can't recommend it enough for BEEs. Baeumner is at the top of the biosensors field and it's an extremely rewarding class. She's strict and the course is (very) hard but 100% worth the effort.
this is the most fun class ive ever taken
Jean is an amazing photographer and professor
Great guy, very funny. Learn alot in a layed back atmosphere.
Always available for help outside class, quite humorous at times, take him
He is good professor. English is his second language.
She is a delightful lady who has been teaching this subject for years. Wayyyy too much reading and homework for one semester. This one class has more reading and work than all of my other classes combined. But, she does make herself available. The material is relevant and somewhat interesting to the subject taught. (ENG for science majors.)
very passionate about subject. first english class I've taken that I got something worthwile out of.
A good class and a good lecture. I too never missed a class.
Amazing lectures. His style & content are unmatched in the History Department at Mcmaster. He makes class very interesting, so I look forward to going. It also helps that he is quite handsome, too.
Speaks way too fast, yet is very passionate about history. A great Prof.
Good teacher, very knowledgable and clear, enthiuastic speaker. Sign up for his class, best history prof at mac.
he's the man
If you've taken pre-calculus in high school within the last year and did very well in it...prepare yourself for boredom. Yes, he does explain himself VERY well, but man do you just want to fall asleep listening to those two or three repetitive phrases...over and over and over again. Do the homework & ACTUALLY study for the tests...they are unique.
Dr. Good was a very informative professor. That being said, MAKE SURE to take notes on both readings and lectures as they will definitely come in handy. Also, the readings are a bit long, but sometimes quite interesting. Final tip: make sure to do your starters, they count!
Dr. Good is so kind and very understanding. He was my advisor and prof for HIS105 and I really do like him as a person. The class, however, is the difficult part. There were at least 8 pages of dense reading for each class period and all three of his "tests" were essays. TAKE NOTES on the documents and readings when he talks about them in class
This class was to help with the transition from high school to college. This class was really easy to pass all you had to do was show up. When you were there it was really helpful on how the university works and how to work around campus and to be the most successful.
Good professor. Teaches on a level everyone can understand (if everyone decides they want to learn what is taught) Has a wonderful disposition.
I'm not sure what to say about him. My grandfather passed away and he said everything would be fine yet I got a C. What happened to the B for berry thing? I did well in his class to...so why did I get a C. I'm pretty pissed. I didn't learn a thin
This class is not hard in the sense that the work itself is hard but there is alot of it to do. This work takes up alot of time for something that we have been taking over and over since high school. I personally did not like her but you might.
she is good, but not someone I liked so much that I took more classes with. This is not to say she is a bad teacher since she is far from it. Its just if you like history take this class with someone eles as she aims her class more to thoes who do not like history.
VERY EASY. Not too much reading.
He is funny and nice, i enjoyed his classes. There are lots of personal stories, but i think this is what makes you remember his expales. You definitely can't call the classes dry. Internship class - total waste of time, but everybody has to do it. Helpfulness, well it's not a kindergarden, so do stuff for yourself, he'll answer your questions.
Speak up because he will explain.He is willing to tutor but if his methods are too complicated like I thought..then go to SLAC before ea test&I promise you will pass. Not a Easy high grade.He is very interesting.Unique personality and he emphasizes to always right every def.&theorem down.Memorize formulas&you will be fine. I will totally miss him.
If you actually want to learn math so you can take higher level classes with ease, take him. It might be overwhelming because ACCD tries to make the teachers teach alot of stuff that is too much for a semester, but compared to other teachers he is the best at SAC.
Uuuummmm...I was really excited about this class until I took it. Mr. Knocke was really informative and helpful but was sooooo redundant and slightly annoying (for me). He talked & talked during studio time and it drove me nuts. He even talked the whole time during our final project!!! I cannot work when someone is talking! btw, easy class.
Boring! i took this guy not knowing anithing at all yet i confess he did teach me some stuff but makority i learned from googling "tutorials" online,Hes very simple minded and its so easy to get an A if your new to programs the internet is your best friend, knocke will help you out but the net is way better
the best teacher of my life!
Best Teacher I've ever had in college thus far. This man was able to bridge the gap between philosophical aethetics and visual art. Highly recommended for philosophers who seek more from the world of Aesthetics...but be prepared to work!
Ms. Simpson was a very nice lady however her class is not as easy as all of the comments make it seem. You only have midterm and a final which are difficult. for 20 poses you must memorize 5 things, in a couple days. What i studied, want even on the test. Of you are late she takes off many points and absent, even more. Had all As before this class
Jazz dance. This was my first dance class of my life and it wasn't too bad. Attendance is a huge part of ur grade. We had two graded dances. Semester starts off slow with just warm-ups and movement across the floor but all that is tied into the choreography. U only need the book to study for the midterm and the final. Fun class
Ms. Simpson is q wonderful teacher. I enjoyed her class but was hard to learn steps at times when a girl stands in the way of your view. Dont stand in back row! Loved the class.
Excellent teacher who explains well and gives modifications if you need them to do the poses. Writing the notes while sitting on the floor is tough, though!
Pellathy is super easy. Show up for the test review day and the test day at least. His reviews told you everything needed to know to ace the test. Spend about hour before the test studying and your golden. His voice is monotone which makes the class boring but it boosts your GPA if you just get through it.
LOVE him. Totally nice and helpful. Easy but boring. Probably the smartest man on campus, take him.
French blows, but its not Dr. Blandino's fault. Class could be a lot worse, but she keeps it bare-able.
This class was less CS and more business oriented. It's all research and preparing presentations. I did not like the lack of clear direction and moving goal posts. She's exceptionally caring and takes lots of time tending to each group. The time commitment was extreme for just 3 credits. Thankfully she doesn't grade too hard.
She has a broad knowledge base that is useful in the real world. Her classes are described as unncessary by some students, but you're taking her classes toward an undergraduate degree, not some adult skills training school like ECPI!!
Professor Keeling's lectures were very information heavy, and I often had to listen to them twice so that I could absorb all of the information. Your grade consists of 3 tests and a paper, so it's easy to lose a few points and have your grade plummet.
This prof is very straight forward. Lectures are important. All test questions come from lecture slides.
Good professor. Clear about upcoming quizzes and tests, since everything was online for this class this semester. All you do is take quizzes and tests over films and book about the Holocaust. Very interesting class.
Dr. Fox is an excellent professor. I took two of his classes, Holocaust in Film & Literature and Nazi Germany. I learned so much from him and would have taken more of his courses if I'd had enough time in my schedule.
forget rigor, i think he's just precious and very concise
Generally Duncan is a good professor. Can be blunt in lecture when receiving questions he thinks should be obvious. Group homeworks can be a drag. Tests require very solid conceptual understanding of the content, he will reapply concepts to completely new situations, so do lots of practice. Occasionally funny.
The material is very different from most other classes I've taken so far, but Lee does an excellent job going step by step through the process of learning it. I'd definitely recommend him.
Awesome Professor! He makes you think! All his classes are enjoyable. Plus, you retain what you have learned.
You can tell a person's political orientation by how they rate Chuck Hunt. All of the 5-1-1-1's are just disgruntled conservatives that can't handle a firebrand leftist in the college system. Yes he is biased, yes he rants, and obviously he offends. But, he knows his****, he presents facts, and he has his own opinions. I cherish opinions in this world of wishy washy moderate bs. His class was far more amusing than most, and if you have your own opinion challenge him he always welcomes it.
Best teacher I have ever had! Very inspiring. It is funny to see the sorority/fraternatiy members freaking our because their daddy's taught them something very different about american society.. definatly a wake-up call for many young minds!
Extremely captivating lectures. You won't want to miss a single one. Dr. Taylor is a tough marker, and in this class my only complaint is that she tested us on information that we had not covered, not in class or in the textbook, also demanding 3 papers in a term is pushing it, especially considering the multiple-essay format of her exams.
Lectures based heavily on concepts and understanding. Understand the tools he outlines in class and practice tutorial questions yourself. Lab material does not coincide with course content but lab manuals have enough information to do the lab properly. You can do well in the course by memorizing but you get more out of it if you understand concepts
Great prof. Tries his best to keep the class alert. Takes the time to re-explain material if needed. The material is somewhat difficult, but with enough practice, it ends up being pretty simple in the end.
Her lectures are pretty organized and clear. If not, it's probably more due to the nature of the content than her teaching skill. She does very relevant examples in class to make sure everyone is on the same page so even in the exams are slightly more involved than usual, no one should be completely lost.
very helpful. nicely organized course, though course notes are not so well written. exam is very easy, straight forward questions as examples solved in class. anything will work for the project. :-) good and interesting course in short.
Professor was very clear in class and used good examples. Very helpful for people who decided to show up to class during midterm week. Gave lots of hints and was a fair prof. Helpful in answering questions.
kinda slow, but very helpful
A prof who cares about the well-being of her students
Nice and helpful in general
In iiiindustry, system phones you! He's pretty boring, his lecture notes almost exactly regurgitate the text. If I weren't an audio learner, I'd have skipped the class; however, he does try to help you when he can, and his little stories are a break from his monotonous speaking.
Good prof, do your homework.
definitely the coolest prof we have. his teaching style is so crazy, which is super cool. and he tries to make you understand the material, and actually puts effort into getting points across. the only problem is that sometimes you have no idea where he's going in a lecture. overall, mark rules!
Interesting enough guy, overall a good professor. Really threw our class a bone giving us an online unproctored exam.
LOTS OF READING. I didn't even had time to watch the lectures so idk much abt the guy... Exams r ok... I did fine without doing much but in person I imagine will b harder
Great professor, makes the content interesting! It's hard to organize a class with over 3000 students but he did a great job!
Dr Mike is an awesome prof. Exams were very textbook heavy, but Dr Mike has a separate section where the questions are purely based on his lectures. Many online discussions were also necessary to pass the course. Downside in lectures is that his voice is very soothing so it was easy to fall asleep in class.
Makes lectures enjoyable. 2 hour lectures are actually 1:15 minutes with a break in the middle. You won't have to do a lot day by day but it's difficult to get good marks on the exam if you cram.
I did really well in his class, so my negative opinion isn't due to that. His lectures were interesting and he conveyed the material EXTREMELY well. I just found him hard to contact (i.e. getting an ans re:exam date). Also, he posted an outline for the exam the night before the exam; nice of him to too, but not great timing for people that work.
Fantastic Prof. Being a mature student attending University for the first time last year, Dr. Mike's class was my first introduction to UWO life and what an intro it was! I thoroughly enjoyed his lectures. His delivery is clear and concise and you can tell he loves the material and enjoys his students. It's the best class on campus. Recommended!
Interesting lectures, but not totally neccessary to attend - just reading the textbook will get you above an 80%. Organised lectures though, and I found them very interesting.
Had a blast in his class. Uses so many forms of media to keep us students interested in the material he is covering. Captivating! Exams always psyched me out though :P
Dr. Mike is an amazing prof. Always plays amazing music to start us off and his lectures are always very energetic and lively.
Amazing Prof. Possibly the most enthusiastic I've ever encountered. Makes everything fun and interested. Take his course!!
fantastic teacher, very approachable
Dr. Mike is one of a kind, an awesome teacher, and an overall nice person. Who ever have him for first year is blessed!
Everyone I know LOVED Dr. Mike but it really bothered me how everyone treated him like a God. He seemed like a nice guy, but I just found him pretentious and annoying. He seemed to think that psych was the only course that mattered, and that the subject material was more important than it actually was. The course is an easy mark though, take it
AMAZING class.... but very hard exams... too many detailed answers... you need to put the maximum amount of time you can in studying, but otherwise... the class itself is wicked
Good teacher, gives alot of exmaples to back up the info. Speaks very clearly. Always shows a 15 min movie clip relating to the days topic. Overall, good prof, worth taking a class with.
Very helpful and charming. The grad house was nice too :)
Be well prepared before asking questions, and don't worry, she's only kidding.
Great prof. This was the third controls course I took in my undergrad and only with him I actually started to fully understand the basics. I think that means a lot. Definitely wish I had him for 342 and 380. Absolutely love his weird jokes, which made me chuckle on so many occasions. His midterm was quite tough, but final was easy, really easy.
nice prof, laid back, odd sense of humor, lives in his little "george freeman world". and the biggest difference between him and other ECE profs in waterloo: he does NOT hate you!
Overall I found the course content decently interesting. Laura is pretty engaging at least for in-person lectures. I found everything easy to expect I got a little confused for the midterm/exams. It's basically just straight memorization those parts.
She wasn't the most caring prof ever, but she definitely made concepts clear! If you took good notes the course was easy, and she explained things in more depth than other business profs. Almost never used the textbook in this course
Decent overall. Don't bother going to her directly for help as she will either tell you to read the lab manual or talk to your TA.
I loved Laura! She was so engaging...I actually enjoyed going to her lectures every week. She made deadlines and expectations very clear, and she offered help herself, as well as giving us other resources. One of my favourite profs!
She has a reputation of being, well, you'll probably know. I feel it is not very justified since after taking the course, I left feeling she was a very good lecturer who provides very clear guidelines on what she expects, especially on examinations. The course should be fairly marked and one can achieve a very good mark with some effort.
Great prof, but gets a bad reputation due to the difficulty of the course.
very fair and professional prof. had some problems with late peer evals and after a couple of meetings and a written explanations, I was able to get the penalizations reversed. she's no jim, but a great "by the books" prof that is easy to follow.
She's a great prof. Really nice - should always book an appointment to talk if you have issues with late penalties for peer evals or questions about assignments. Quickly clears things up. All she asks for in lectures is common courtesy. Fast-pace but clear lectures. Exams aren't tough - just study. Oh, and guys are absolutely terrified of her! XD
Laura was an amazing professor. Not many students liked her after having Jim, but I thought she was great! She didn't take her time in lectures to explain things in depth, but thats what the readings were for. Her lectures were very straight forward and to the point with lots of structure.
Very helpful and she cares. Her in class clickers are annoying, but they don't really count for marks (she'll bump you up if you do well)...Generally, her lectures are average, its more the course content though. Its very broad and to cover accounting or finance in 2 weeks is difficult causing material to be skimmed sometimes.Its doable though.
Good Professor overall. She has a very articulate voice and is good at explaining things. However, when I went to her for help she told me not to bother taking the BBA program, and instead to sign up for some other arts program, like I wasn't worth it -- not a big fan of the discouragement.
Hottest **** in the University. But seriously, her strictness wrt sleeping in class is necessary, and she does give out candy if you answer the questions. Keeps her class on schedule. Loved her, but her stress on the CDN Business articles screwed me over.
Great lecturer! expects a lot from students, but rightly so. Definately an asset to Laurier.
She is absolutely AWESOME. But she makes you work for your marks. Challenging and engaging. I loved her class!
Very easy to understand...her powerpoint slides are helpful but you still have to be able to add your own notes which is good b/c it teaches you to pick out the important stuff that she is saying!
Awesome notes, knows her stuff...can't go wrong.
Judy is one of very few profs who I would like to drop in on when I'm in town. She celebrates every success, large and small. That means a lot.
Pretty good prof - not boring, very easy to follow.
makes it too easy at the beginning, too hard at the end
Had him for lab. Very helpful and teaches you how to actually do the lab. During the lab he'll help you answer any of the questions.
Larry Smith is the high priest of economists. I wasn't even enrolled in his class and I was present for every single lecture. Each lecture was the highlight of my week. Taking a class with Larry Smith is an experience you can't afford to pass up, despite some of his crazy antics (or because of them!)
Very entertaining prof, but his exams are a killer. Really need to think about those questions before answering them. I highly reccomend attending his lectures, but enrolling in them, not so much.
Awesome and helpful. Always good to go for advice.
I dont know what the whole fuss about hard exams are. I dont know about finals, but the midterms were VERY fair. Excellent prof.
Super lectures. This course is almost a freebie since the lectures are so entertaining and there are no assignments. Plus the material is interesting. I highly recommend taking this course as an elective although it might not be as good for economics majors since the course is very self-contained.
I took 101/102 with him. Some may not like his style of teaching, but I love that he uses so many analogies! I found it allowed you to understand the material better and actually apply it! To the people who say Smith doesn't teach what you need for other courses- I've taken 201 and 202 could understand it all.
He makes you interested in the subject. His classes are extremely entertaining and interesting. Encourages people to think. An awesome person. Very approachable. Very intelligent, Excellent Excellent Excellent lecturer. Probably the best in Waterloo. Not a big fan of his exams though.
Amazing prof, the most enthusiasm I have ever seen at this school. Every student of UW should take one of his classes. You wont want to miss a single lecture
Lectures are amazing; gives advice on topics from how to get a job to improving your sex life. Exams are killer.
Great prof - keeps your attention and explains everything very well. The course notes are a bit confusing to read and he lectures very quickly, but you can keep up if you try. Multiple choice exams are very tricky.
awesomme prof, but his exams sux...real killer
Wonderful speaker. Very hard marker. Class isn't worth the lost marks!
This guy is the only prof i'd take a 7-10 evening course for.
He's pretty much over all a decent teacher. He responds to e-mails very quickly which was a plus for me when I was stuck. I knew some Visual Basic walking into the class and walking out of it I've picked up on industry-like programming standards that I'll be using from here on out. I learned a lot!
42% of the class received "F's" on their first exam. Teacher does not really do lectures on test material. He gives two quizzes per week, every single week. There is a ton of study time involved. Teacher seems a little angry, maybe likes to make students feel stupid, or at least show off how little his students know and how much he knows.
Allred is awesome!
HE IS SOOOO GREAT! I also had him for ENG 101 and he was way more laid back in ENG 190 (if you can imagine that). He was very interested in my writing and provided much insight and fun! Sometimes he would trail off. . but that was cute! I love him!
Awesome guy. Lectures are very thorough and he makes sure everyone is following along. Even if you miss a class, he'll photocopy the notes and explain the material to you, one-on-one. (Well, our class was small...but he made sure everyone was up to date and comfortable.) The assignments are very straight forward and tests are reasonable.
Really interesting class but lots of people take it just to fulfill lab science. It's easy, so I guess that's a plus. Lots of fun field trips and she's really into the subject so it made me more interested. Go on the extra field trips if you can, Joshua Tree was amazing.
Very nice prof, too bad she won't teach College English II in the Spring. Allows students to fix their papers so they can get an A, and overall is very understanding.
very helpful with papers, easy quizes, got put effort in order to get a secent grade. overall she's good for you in a teachin aspect
She is wonderful and truly cares for her students and those who are not. She has helped me inside the classroom and outside. A very good person to know on campus, she's a person with connections everywhere on campus, so if you need help with anything she will point you in the right direction. Very understanding of situations and open minded.
Pretty easy class. Only essays no multiple choice tests. Reading maybe 30 pages max for an assignment for the week. Can participate if you want. Lots of extra credit for speaking. Participation point everyday (little writing assignment). Overall the lectures were interesting and I was dreading taking a history class. Was enjoyable and easy enough.
Good Teacher... incredibly knowledgeable. Basically do all the readings and come to class prepared to discuss. 90% of class was discussion. Fun class.
He actually makes you want to go to your 8:15 lectures. Lectures are content-heavy but very interactive. He starts every class with a song related to what we're learning about and has little videos or tricks to watch mid-lecture to keep you entertained. I recommend him for any intro to psych class
Took Psych220 online the 1st time it was offered online. Liked the online format but its not for everyone. Only 1 full lab report as compared to 2 for the normal course. Quizzes and labs are easy and exams are very fair. Something is due every few days. No PowerPoint so have to read the text. Very approachable. Learned a lot and would recommend.
gives you essay questions, very clear, and makes psych much more intersting than some of the other profs
Good guy, tests are easy, final is easy, good lectures.... cant say anythin bad.... nice hat too!
My favourite prof at X. Dr. Watt really knows what she's talking about, and she explains it in a way that makes you understand it. Nothing she says goes in one ear and out the other, it's all interesting and important! I never wanted to miss Dr. Watt's class. Can't wait to take more courses with her!
Very hard marker, but his dry sense of humor makes the classroom enjoyable. And thats the way it is my friends...
He is really funny and willing to bend to students wants and needs..."test too hard? He'll make it a take home" Super nice, and I actually learned something. I am definately taking him for my next class.
Mrs. Schick is a well known artist worldwide, so taking a course from her, I believe, is very special. However, she does expect the most from every student, even in CRAFTS. Do show up to class or she'll start to dock you points after so many times.
This was my first art history class I've ever taken, so I found that Professor Levesque's class was quite overwhelming due to the sheer amount that we're supposed to learn. It also took a while for me to learn what was context and what would be graded. Professor Levesque is very knowledgeable and seems to enjoy teaching.
She's extremely sweet and helpful, and has an encyclopedic knowledge of Dutch art. I love how enthusiastic she is about the art. She's also really understanding about extensions.
i happen to love vermeer and other 17th c dutch painters . i really liked this class and professor adn even considered auditing it for a second time. my only issue with the class was her accent. she is from a variety of places and so it takes a while to know that when she says "flague" she really means "flag". great class tho and really nice prof
I had his last Quest for Justice Class. It was brilliant. I disagree about the conservative grading bias. He once told me I had the most liberal interpretation of several constitutional points, and I got a B+ from him, which is exactly what I deserved.
Genuinely caring, very nice, very knowledgeable. Solid prof.
He made the class very fun!
Prof Bowie is fun, he makes class interesting so you won't want to skip too much
Mr. Lusk was great. Some of the videos wernt that great...but otherwise superb teacher. Listen to what he says, and you will com out feeling better in general. His essays are easy to graps, and the quiz are beyond simple. Easy, enjoyable, and educational...Who would have thought that could happen?
Great Class, good teacher, however do not write in all caps, or he WILL give you a zero. That's the only disagreement I had with him. For the take home quizzes, look for patterns!
While entertaining us with his Sean Connery-esque demeiner, he proceeded to barrage us with some of the most difficult tests that I have ever taken... and they were take-home!
Very helpful. For not having any Alegbra in 21 years, he brought me up to speed very quickly. Would take another class with him again.
good prof, the cow falling out of the plane is classic
ABSOLUTELY LOVE HER! TAKE EVERY POSSIBLE CLASS THAT SHE TEACHES! Tests are difficult but she is by far my favorite professor ever!
Take this woman! No official assignments except test. The test are a little on the hard side but manageable. Fall asleep in class and you can still get a B. State awake for an A. Teacher is funny and engages the class very well. Goes off on funny tangents you can keep her on for the whole class (random stuff like squirrels)!
She is so sweet and helpful. She will do everything in her power to help someone. She treats everyone fairly, and takes the time to listen to questions and discuss them. Her tests are tricky. The trick is to not look too deep into them. You must read the chapters. There aren't many on each test.
Very nice, but talks over your head. Hard exams.
Understands that statistics can be hard. Very helpful! recommended.
Great Teacher. Though the subject can be taught pretty fast, she'll always be willing to explain. If her class is open, take it.
Class moves fast. The expectation is that you have had algebra and trig prior to taking this class. Homework via Webwork can help your grade. Leamy is helpful during office hours. Her review sheets give you a good idea of what will be on each test, bu there are sometimes test questions with a twist that makes them harder than the review questions.
Class itself is difficult. Teacher is very helpful, and will let you turn in hw late. She has ton of office hrs, and tests come straight from hw w/ few small changes. Key is to understand concepts, don't just memorize answers. Keep on top of the work and its a guaranteed pass.
fairly good teacher, always ready to help if you push for it, make sure to make your self known by going to office hours as much as you can. Always ask questions no mattter what and DO HOMEWORK to get bonus points
i had her for calc 2, quick teaching, but very effective.
I am NOT A MATH person what so ever. I have dropped every math class I have ever been in except his. There is hope for me after all!! Seriously though I love this guy! He is fabulous. I am currently in intermediate algebra and I just registered for Mac1105 with him next semester. I will not let him get away.
I will not say that this class was an easy A, because I had to study very hard for it. I took him for the 2hr and 45 min session. Very rarely did we have to stay the whole time. We just skipped breaks and get out earlier. He gives students ways of earning extra credits 5-10 point and drops lowest test grade. He uses an online software for quiz n HW
Professor Sabau was very thorough and patient, he is very smart and knows his numbers but does not belittle anyone or make you feel like you should already know the material just because it comes easy to him. I have been putting off coming back to college due to my fear of math so I would 100% recommend this professor!
He is really laid back all you need is Math XL no text book at all. All the homework is online which is nice. Just do NOT wait until the last day to do the work, it will kill you, its not hard its just a lot to sit and do at once.
very helpful. a bit slow, but when he is finish you understands everything
Very good teacher, helps you with your grade through extra points on your homworks... and if you pass all your quiz and test he'll give you the 24hrs you need for lab... i'm taking him again for next mat class...
Contrary to the rest of these comments, I thought Ira was a kick-ass teacher. For real, yo. The second semester of music history sophomore year, the semester where we talked about Debussy and Stravinksy-- that class was the ****ing bomb! What more could one ask for than to have a class where all you do is listen to and talk about music? I remember taking the final exam at 8 am on a Saturday morning, still **** off my ass from the night before, and I aced it! I really learned a lot from that class.
very positive and encouraging, talks alot. expects alot of work from you, but u will learn alot. is a tough grader, but if u improve, your grade will. we worked on the main paper almost all semester, u pick the topic. very enthusiastic, loves what he does.
Good teacher, annoying at points, talks while you are working, you feel like begging him to shut up. overly encouraging to the point you want to rip your hair out. can't read his handwriting.
Very helpful guy. His assignments can be tricky, but set up a meeting with him and he'll get you on the ball in no time. Good guy, very nice.
Great guy and really helpful!
A wonderful scholar, if you need extra help she will give it to your, for sure!! Loved Mori. Of course, you just need to put attention and attend class.. do homework.
Had him for tonal and post-tonal. Really cool guy, easy, interesting class.
Good professor and really knows his stuff! Appears on the local news channel(WBNG) providing financial advice for "Friday's Financial Tip with Glen Wood. Would recommend him to anyone!
Great Guy. Pretty Helpful. Tough Grader.
Another flipped classroom! (When will they learn that videos are a horrible teacher). When you asked Prof. Williams for help, he was very useful and explained it well. The problem is that by the end of class, he began to get lazy and unhelpful. He was a very understanding though and would allow you to make up HMW missed, and meet afterclass hours
nice guy. approachable. made 371 a little more bearable.
Fantastic prof. Very interesting and engaging. His explanations are both funny and clear. His accent is great, which means you'll remember everything he says from all the impressions of him you and your classmates will attempt of him. Highly, highly recommended if you have the opportunity.
This guy really knows his stuff well. He made Linear Algebra 2 and Multivariable Calculus seem pretty straight forward. The explanations and examples he gave in class were very approachable and well explained. Just watch out for his handwriting, since his u's and v's look very similar.
Helps when needed, and has strict deadlines. Easy to keep up with.
GREAT GREAT TEACHER! he makes class so much more interesting than it could be!
Jeff is great. His memory for names is incredible! Knew everyones name by the second class. How did he do that? He makes the topic very understandable even if you have no clue what is going on.
Dr. Johnson is a nice professor. However, this was her first time teaching this class online due to covid. The lectures were just her talking through powerpoint, and then you were expected to take a test on them. The powerpoint would take me hours to go through because she would talk for a long time to get the point across.
Really nice prof, most of the classes were pretty interesting. Not typical psych class gives you a diff perspective.
Senior Seminar was good, lot of reading but interesting. She makes you think about what you have learned and what it means.
One of my favorite professors at UD. Laid back and really helps you learn more about the job search process. Rarely lectures but when he does its short and to the point. Assignments are very easy and can be turned in late if necessary. Highly recommended
Really great E-110 professor. Quirky and interesting. Work is VERY easy
It was simply a joy to be in her class. Subject material was interesting and she had interesting stories to explain concepts. Would take any class with her again. Tests were all multiple choice.
She is amazing! I took every class possible I could with her. Makes Jokes, and tests are easy. You would love this teacher. I recommend her to anyone!
Awesome prof, highly recommend! Lots of notes, but you can print them off on blackboard! She gives you the study guides for each exam and they are very useful in helping to study. Homeworks are multiple choice worth 10 points each, very easy! Group projects are fairly simple. The only grades are 10 homeworks, 5 group projects, 4 exams and 1 paper!
He saved my grade. I was in MTH 130 with Ong and the entire class was failing. He let me into his class a few weeks into the semester and saved my grade. He bumps everyone up at least a full letter grade at the end of the semester. Good professor!
Man I don't know what all you guys are talking about but... Its MAth you always have to learn from text books. His test are so easy. His teaching method is a bit weird but hes really nice!
Very enthusiastic teacher! She knows what she is talking about and is really helpful with her explanations. The only thing that bothers me is that she takes notes SO fast, its hard to keep up and listen while your still trying to write the last thing down.
She does a good job making the class fun and interesting. She explains things really well. The hardest part is the lab practicals, they can be quite tricky.
Dr. Dannenhoffer is really enthusiastic about botany. Her notes are slightly unorthodox as she uses a ton of diagrams, but they end up being really beneficial in the end. Overall she does a good job.
A reasonable chunk of the grade is just some completion based assignments. Overall not bad. In class is most all just boring slideshows but he and the subject itself combine to make it interesting enough. I wouldn't be mad if I had to take another one of his classes.
good class. nice teacher
Good class. Online because of Covid. clear lectures but sometimes repeated himself a lot. was very understanding and flexible about deadlines and stuff. Gave me extra time at the end because I had some family stuff going on. cares about students success. he gave detailed study guide for exams and lecture notes.
i think that he was an excellent teacher. the material is hard and he always found a way to relate it all to homer simpson or friends.
Boring lectures, funny guy. Tries not to make life too difficult for his students.
Demanding but fair with grading if you put enough work in. Got an A and I have never done any theater before. Enjoyed attending class.
This class was EXTREMELY tough for me as someone who genuinely has trouble with reading comprehension. She constantly quizzed us, her midterm was 91 questions long, and I felt that I was unable to enjoy the material with how fast we were going. She offered barely assignments except pop quizzes. I would not recommend this class for freshmen.
Absolutely loved her. I took 104 with her last year, but definitely liked 102 better. She has such a positive energy, is hilarious and expressive in a really inspiring way. The class & her will really open you up. She puts focus on effort and improvement, so just go for it when you're acting. I enjoyed every minute of the class.
she was a bit unorganized-but very fair tests
great class, very structured and straightforward
pretty good, pretty easy, except for a paper i have do tomorrow which i havent started. hes really good with answering questions & emails. he wants you to do good. talks alot about his adopted chinese daughters and having SARS. he can be somewhat pretenious, try to over look it
really tunes into students, lectures can be long, stories make the class fun
Excellent! Really interesting person. Very passionate about her subject
Natalie is a very passionate teacher and really loves her field of study. Come prepared to learn and do your work, though it isn't too hard and she gives you a clear syllabus so you know what's coming. Talk lots during discussion; she likes to hear student reactions to what you read.
She's really nice and her lectures were very interesting, but difficult tests. I felt like she didn't prepare us enough for her exams- went to every class and read every chapter, and still had a hard time with them. She grades fair and gives you an opportunity to give feedback on exams.
I wouldn't expect anything different for an undergraduate accounting class. Focused on teaching us the material that matters and removing material that wouldn't benefit us. Assigns homework but doesn't grade it. The homework is really helpful and practical. He will get touchy if he notices his class isn't doing it, though.
Great guy, even better if you meet him at a party outside of class...
Very Good Professor, defintely recommend her to anyone taking Beginners Spanish or ne other spanish
Dr. Lapp is incredibly knowledgeable about math and science. His passion for the subject really comes through in lectures. He does not use a traditional lecture format, he enjoys group discussion and group work. Overall, I have a better understanding of math because of his teaching and persistence for group work. Highly recommend.
Fantastic professor! Dr. Lapp is big into teaching you the ideas behind math, not "symbol pushing" (as he'd call it), and so you're going to work. But as a result, you leave class with a solid understanding of the material. Great guy on top of it.
I think the only reason I did well in MTH 132 was because I had already taken Calculus in high school. I sensed that others in the class were struggling with some of the concepts that Dr. Lapp taught. Also, his focus on technology may hurt in Calc 3 if that professor does not use the calculator.
There is no homework just quizzes and tests. Lots of extra credit opportunities during classes. Though the class may seem hard with all of the extra credit you can pass with a decent score. Professor can be dull sometimes but the class never lasts more than 35 minutes and always let us out early.
Hamilton is a good professor! She barely lectures, classes are mostly just class discussions and some guest speakers. No tests- she does have online quizzes but they're easy with the textbook. She grades the case study assignments pretty harshly but you can still do well on them if you follow her instructions closely. Group work is easy too!
Professor Hamilton is by far the easiest choice for COB 202. She loves teaching the course and her class is very engaging. Easy A that should boost your COB GPA.
Ethics is an interesting topic in general but Carol makes it really fun. Her midterm and final were take home, and we had 4 case studies that weren't that bad. Couple of group presentations, but nothing crazy. It's COB, you're going to be presenting. A solid choice for an elective
She is nice and helpful, but her class is really boring. Its like 3rd grade with an attendance policy. 1 very hard project, but the rest is cake. Fairly good overall i guess
Whoever you people are who took this class must have terrible interpersonal skills...its impossible to do that bad in the class unless you are lazy..Ms Hamilton is super sweet and clear!
a nice woman outside of class but cant write a test to save her life...
no command of classroom, easy class, time intensive , friendly, bit of a pain
Interpersonal comm.--great class, homework is at a minimal and easy, tests are fair and from lecture and the book *she gives you a study sheet*, friendly, adds humor to the class, the only bad part is that she takes roll everyday and you only get 2 absences :o(
i hate history but he made it bearable. great teacher, knows his stuff, fast paced tho... but no discussion section, just movies. 10 pg paper isnt bad b/c can be on pretty much ANY topic. gives you choice on which format to use on tests. work really not that bad. get him
Her class is so easy its ridiculous. I never even had to study for tests because I actually learned in class, which is a rarity. Yeah, it's 4 days a week, its easier, sicne you're learning small chunks at a time. Plus, its harder to get bored. Also, keep in mind, that it is 4 credits.
shes helpful, respectful, polite, and the tests relate to the material perfectly
Great Professor. I think he had a lot going on during our class and was unable to teach like he normally does as we were rushed and combined some test. Otherwise you can learn from his passion and experience. Still enjoyed it and he helped me define my career. You MUST read to get the most of it.
Smart man. Can be a great contact but not too helpful during class. 1 pt from an A on a 7 point scale I NEVER missed class and he insisted that I did? Should have fought it but he didn't seem to care. Study every bit of the book and you could learn something from him.
Political Economy is a tough class to understand and extremely difficult to get an A. I managed to do both because I tried my hardest to "fit" into his teaching style. Try to say something half-intelligent every class. Just one thing can make the difference when he's considering your grade. Most importantly, don?t take his insults seriously.
if you havent taken macro i wouldnt recommend taking him. however, he is hilarious and tends to piss people off easily making class even more eventful/entertaining. this quote explains it all: Question from student: So the product X must suck, right? Like no one wants it. Smith: LIKE YOUR SISTER!!
OK, it's been almost 12 years since I had Russ for political economics but it was the best class I had at JMU. Yeah, he's difficult but econ is SUPPOSED to be difficult, and it was a fascinating class, both in material and structure.
You have a couple homework assignments and a couple group in class assignments that are really easy and straight forward. His exams are a little difficult but doable if you study. Professor is great and very kind and makes jokes throughout his lectures - great guy and interesting class
I took the online class. The exams contained five-choices and t/f questions. He offers no extra credit. Be careful about deciding to take an online class. There are three exams, last is cummulative non-final, and the last week is focused on a project
This class was really easy but not interesting or informative. Took online.
Easy prof. If your female this is an easy A, if your male then easy B+. Just use some vocab from the book in your assignments. There are 3 Exams with 20mc and three optional essays.
nice lady. lectures were pretty boring, but easy to follow. hurt my eyes with the hideous outfits she wore to class everyday, along with her bright blue eyeshadow.
I loved this class but be warned the class is huge and like most large classes at Western it has it's share of slackers. You can meet some of them below. Where were the students posing nude? I waited all semester.
I had him 2 semesters & I thought he was the most wonderful man. He gave me more confidence in myself and even asked me to work for him editing some of his papers. I did the work and he NEVER sent me my check for it and now has disappeared, and hasn't returned my e-mails. Thought he believed in me, but I guess not.
Dr. Lane is a funny man with a good sense of purpouse in Life. You will not be unhappy should you take his Ent. classes.
Kiknd of a strange man, but full of information, stories and tons of experience. He grades kinda hard, and the online quizzes are awful, but there are no tests. Class is interesting; more activities than lecture. You'll learn some interesting facts about him and sometimes he brings food =)
Tests can be a little tricky but for the most part are fair and reflect the material covered in class & in the readings. Very boring group presentations. Prof. is nice and knowledgable.
Great teacher, first tests are on the reading details, not lecture
There is a textbook, but her lectures are so in-depth that it is unnecessary to purchase. Lectures are dry, but she writes on the board while she talks, so it's easy to keep up. Two 8 papers and two essay-based tests. Took class during pres. election year, that was really cool and helped me to become a more informed voter.
I took Sulfaro three times. The first time was a huge general PoliSci class and it was decent. I took two other smaller classes with her and she was a FANTASTIC lecturer and always a very fair grader of papers. Tests were a little tougher but I HIGHLY recommend taking her. The classes are fun!
Im in topics in political theory: the enlightenment and all I can say is get ready to read A LOT. Graded on a few in class quizzes, midterm(in class essay), research paper, and final. Make sure to take notes during readings and take very thorough notes during lecture. Readings can sometimes be very hard to get through and difficult to understand.
first of all i hate govt. but this guy loves it. he knows so much but the tests are still hard. take notes on what he writes down and esp. what he says. no attedance policy but DONT MISS CLASS. wayyy too many notes to try and get from someone....good luck
For the literature GenEd, I highly recommend Dr. Butt's HUM 200 class. He teaches 'western classics' and almost all of the novels he chooses are somewhat thought-provoking and make for good discussion. Lots of reading, understandably, and participation matters. Four papers and a presentation. Overall pretty interesting and knowledgeable guy.
8 books, 4 essays. Overall, this class is a relief to attend because you can sit back relax and discuss the books. He will attempt to explain some of his views on society; some of which I disagree with completely (one being society is only held together because we fear punishment). Interesting & very nice professor ,but a tad counter culture.
Dr. Butt's section for this is Victorian England and it's such a great class! Your grade is comprised of one page summaries of the book chapters, a midterm, paper and presentation and a final presentation. You watch a couple movies and we had a guest speaker about Jack the Ripper. Take this class!
Absolutely wonderful prof. One of my faves at JMU. Extremely clear lectures, really good story teller. A little cocky, but very easy to like him. No tests, just papers. Definitely worth taking.
very interesting lectures,but not helpful in writing papers.arrogant but nice
Overall nice dude. Class has no exams, he grades of projects and does a pretty good job teaching so you know how to complete assignments. Very strictly follows his syllabus, it outlines his criteria for specific grades, and he does not budge. Attendance is huge, you can go down a whole letter grade depending on how many you skip.
Serva is definitely passionate about MISY, and it shows during his lectures. He has very clear lectures, and although the material can get tricky, he gives tons of examples and opportunities to practice. Group work is huge because you get assigned a team at the beginning of the semester and work with them every class.
good man. take this course. so much work but so worth the time for what you get out of it.
Very sweet lady who will gently help you with your questions. The material in this course is interesting but the exams are really extremely difficult, maybe you need to memorize a third of American media law in less than a month. There are no other assignments but you can only pin your grade on the three closed book exams.
Exams are multiple choice tests with SAT style questions. She gives you reading material only listed in a line in an email. The day before the test, she will try and cram an entire unit into 30 minutes because she dilly dallies through the rest of the classes. She always has problems with technology. The material is interesting. Terrible prof.
Prof Dee was amazing, she is so enthusiastic about what she teaches and what she does. She truly is a sweetheart but in many cases graded too hard especially for a required supposedly "English" class. The class was more of a AP Gov class with multiple choice tests than papers. Always helpful though with study guides.
Good teacher. Trys to make subject matter entertaining. Can be airheaded at times, but never in a bad mood. Can easily skip class and not miss much. Her "suburban white lady rap" is odd, but unique.
She is great. Class is good for second writing requirement. Slow pace, lots of one on one interaction.
Boring, boring, boring. No work, but exams are TOUGH. Can do fine without doing any reading at all.
Ms. Johnson was a decent instructor. I didn't have any issues with her or her class at all minus the fact that the class was much too long and I'd often drift off. Easy grade, small assignments every week. She does love to talk about things not related to class if that bothers you then stay clear away.
He gives a good lecture
She made the class very interesting and gave useful real world applications. Labs and tests difficult but not unmanagable. Got an A without too much effort.
Really nice guy, class is easily understandable and he always finishes up early so you can wait around and ask any questions if you have them. Attendance and HW but both calculate into your final grade which can help. Definitely have to buy the book you use it often.
easy A. its like being in kindergarden all over again! minus snack time and nap time. he seems grumpy but he is actually a nice guy, its just so easy that he doesnt think people should be confused.
A mix between Mr. Rogers and Mr. Bean. Awesome teacher. Easy A/B. Optional Homework. Before tests, he gives homework that is 25 pts. on the test, and he only looks it over, doesnt grade it, just makes sure you tried to do the work.
Smart guy with a load of knowledge.. the problem that he has is that he doesnt' know how to teach his knowledge to students. he expect too much from students, however.. he's helpful after the class. so... if you really want to learn stuff and dun mind get away with a B+ or sumthin like tha.. takehim
She is amazing. Although her class is demanding she is genuinely invested in teaching students russian and hopes everyone does the best they could to learn russian. I strongly support anyone taking her as she is a true gem
the best teacher you can ever have for Russian. she explains very well and takes the time to review so that you can do your best.
Overall, just a down to earth Math teacher. My main critique is he's doesn't always break things down in immediately digestible ways. I took Calc before and sometimes things still confused me. His exams are fair, final was really straightforward. He gives plenty of good resources to prep for exams, good lectures, and was a good lecturer.
Johnny Brown is a really good professor and he gives good feedback when asking questions. Purdue Math is just hard
Really good and teaches very well.
Johnny Brown is a very clear professor, he gives at least one example per new content. After doing it once, he will skip all the intermediate steps and skip to the answer, so pay attention to the first example. He gives you a ton of extra resources for exams; practice exams, a study guide of concepts, and lists of properties concepts. Do all HW.
Amazing professor. He has incredible raw ability to teach- comes up with great examples and counterexamples on the fly. So prepared for every class. Very funny. He teaches with so much enthusiasm!! Great professor doesn't make the material any less difficult you've gotta study!
Amazing calculus professor. He writes his notes during class and gives clear direction for solving problems. Very easy to follow. He held 2 hour study sessions before exams to give students the opportunity to drop in and ask questions or simply watch him solve problems. Aside from being a helpful professor, he is personable and entertaining.
it is awesome!
He always talks about sex!! He works it into every lecture! P.S. his hair is CRAZY, but his class is awesome!
Super liberal, really cares abt subject, fair tests, & funny-maybe not as much as he thinks he is. Clarity lost a point b.c. he EASILY goes on tangents & forgets things (often means the assignment for the day which you really need to know), but hes great, just DO THE READINGS, they're interesting anyway, he doesn't have you read boring stuff
Awesome Professor.
I loved him! Corrections was fun and pretty easy. Just know ALL of your cases and do your readings...his true and false can make or break your grade.
Hilarious, great prof, definitely take his classes!
He is so passionate about everyone doing well. Homework not collected which can be annoying but it's a BIG help to do it & correct in class just to see what you're doing wrong. Homework problems + his study guides make it easier to get through this class. Minimum effort can result in a C, which is very good considering it's Calculus....
I didnt do any hw and i'm going to pull a b. great teacher and understands what he is doing. hard to understand sometimes.
understanding, helpful, and easy
Great guy, pretty funny and has fun teaching. Tough grader but tells you exactly what he wants, so follow rubric to a tee. Lectures are entertaining, tests are extremely easy. 3 major papers throughout the year, gives lots of extra credit opportunities.
This class was an easy A. Whoever says he grades hard didn't follow the directions.
He's an okay guy. Very helpful outside of class (he'll actually grade your assignments better if he saw you in his office). Very moody! Best thing to do is keep your mouth shut and avoid catching his attention.
great teacher. clear and fair. his partner teacher (dixon-brown), however, is a different story.
VERY HELPFUL! Have to study class notes, book, AND packet to do well! Finish your assignment so he can proofread it for you...you can easily make an A that way!
Great teacher interesting class. Some stuff at times seemed common sense but very uuseful in career. Will help you.
good teacher, hard calss. He gave retests. Just try a litte and you can pull out a C.
Copy everything down from the board, study it like crazy for the test. Pretty easy class, just don't ask or answer questions, he likes to make fun of people who get it wrong.
Funny guy! He's the most southern teacher yet.
if you get less than a A you're a freakin' dumbass
Good professor. Easy A! Don't ask dumb ?s bc u will get laughed at
Thought Murray was a great professor (and quite funny, too!). Course happened to be very fun(going against my original thoughts). Would take this for group A. Class is intellectually stimulating; never knew about this aspect of history. Recommended, your grade will reflect the effort put into the class.
Great Professor. Difficult class. Not sure it's worth taking it with Pate because second semester with Lehman is a nightmare.
I love him!
His enthusiasm about geology makes it more interesting and easier to understand.
The class isn't too bad. Prof. Rossi is really good at explaining math. The wiki definitely got on my nerves and I did not care for project we had to do on it (making math equations apply to a picture). I actually didn't have too much of a problem with Maple TA. I think most people that issues with it, were actually doing the problems wrong.
Weird class in that we only had maybe two formal lectures by Al, with the rest being through an external site (similar to taking a course through coursera). Assignments could be somewhat arbitrarily graded, but overall very lenient and easy grading and very easy to get an A with potential for 15% final grade increase through extra credit.
Prof. Al is one of the nicest Comp Sci faculty. His exams were open book, had 3 attempts, had unlimited time and were open for a week. Homework was based on textbook and fairly straight forward. Final Project was fun and tested out skills. He and his TAs were very responsive and available almost every day of the week except weekends
This class is genuinely PSU unrivaled. Each class there is a programming homework that Al does with you and SLOWLY. He always checks to make sure people are on the same page and will stay after class to help fix your program. One out of Three exams are dropped and three tries each. You are crazy to not take this class! ***No textbook
Professor Wang loves to share what he loves. His enthusiasm in teaching is inspirational. I love how he tries to motivate students to learn more. Definitely not the easiest course since the material is quite hard. However, very manageable.
Because of what I learned in just one semester of his class, I got a high-paying summer internship.
Dr. Friday is very very very knowledgeable and fair. He knows a lot about the Chinese legal system. Although attendance isnt required you should go because he acknowleges you for coming and takes it into account as far as your grade goes. Exams were the same thing as the study guide, but in essay format. you'll appreciate and learn a lot from him!
easy course, hardly went and pulled off a B! nice man... but he can flip if you ****him off(he curses a lot)
She is nice, but her exam... not
Dr. Walsh is a solid professor. Lectures are very clear and have a theme of relating concepts to practical applications (smoking, drinking, DNA testing). Homework can be rather tedious. Overall, I would strongly recommend Dr. Walsh as this course was a great fulfillment of my science with a lab breadth requirement.
Great class. Tests were fair and she was very good at explaining material. Followed the book very closely so would suggest getting it. Lab was easy too, overall good course. Took it for my lab requirement and I would recommend it to others. Gives helpful study guides for each chapter too.
Took this class to satisfy my science with a lab requirement. Though it isn't awful, I feel like there are better courses to take. My exam grades never reflected how I felt I did on them because the questions are uncomfortably specific. Her PowerPoints aren't too helpful but she does strictly follow the book. The material isn't too difficult.
lectures a LOT, usually interesting though..very friendly
friendly and helpful, lots of notes, study hard for exams
nice, just so boring, esp for an hour and 15. you WILL be checking your watch!
Hes very nice and easy to work with. Dismisses class early. His exams are pretty easy he goes over them in class. Doesnt require a book or attendance. Only thing is hes very educated and kind of short hands a lot so its sometimes hard to keep up. Some excel assignment which are annoying and lengthy but its a good opportunity to learn excel
Nice guy, not much work except excel projects and tests. Always available for help. Never takes attendence.
Great Professor. Describes the material(Economics can be very confusing) in a clear way that you can understand.He gives past exams for you to study. Show up for lectures and study notes and past exams and the tests will be easy.He is always available for extra help and he enjoys talking with students who are serious students.I would def. suggest!!
Pretty difficult class to be a GenEd, but I absolutely love Dr. Reich! Very smart, very helpful, very clear. Good with responding quickly through email. 2 midterms, a paper, a final, and weekly quizzes. Harsh grader, but so enthusiastic about his work. Really enjoyed this class even though my grade wasn't great.
Dr.Reich is awesome, the entire class is based on discussion. Be prepared to READ a ton. three 5 pagers, 1 research paper, 2 discussion leadings, and peer editing, lots of due dates, but definitely worth it.
Lectures can get very boring, and he gives weekly quizzes (which are kinda hard). He likes it when you speak up and ask questions during the discussion class. Tests are straight off the review sheet.. he grades kinda tough. Always helpful... but dont show up late to class or he will point you out
entertainging to watch-- acts like a hyper little ferret in the front of the class... kinda dull to listen to topic wise but has good vocal quality
hardcore libral undertones in teaching. none the less, THE BEST HISTORY TEACHER IVE EVER HAD! study guides for tests help a lot. bulk of tests are essay. he makes it pretty easy thouhg. take
kinda hard class for a 1st semester freshman, but good teacher, picks good books for discussion, interesting, knows and likes what he does.
What more can you say? Great teacher who knows and loves what he does
I have never had someone get through to me like Mr. Rexius can...he is by far the best teacher I have ever had throughout all of my schooling and I mean that. He has great energy..even at his last night class..the way he presents the information is very useful, just take notes! You will find a new interest in rocks and minerals by taking this class
awesome teacher!! he honestly has so much enthusiasm and can really get everyone going. You only have 4 labs and 3 tests. they are both really easy. He gives you like 20 extra credit point in the beginning on each test and that number can go up and down. TAKE THE CLASS if you need a lab!! trust me
hes a cooL profeSSor for reaL. he makes things fun. The**** he teaches is a LiL hard but thats why ya goTTa study...right? Hes funny, laid back, and has a cooL teaching styLe. the end.
At first, the material in this class came off as boring. I got a 1.8 on the first test. But his enthusiasm for the material, and his tough, but fair if you studied tests worked. I ended up pulling things together for a 3.8! On my next vacation, I was IDing rocks and minerals! (+ he loves Family Guy!
Great guy, lots of labs and lectures, very repetetive, FUN class!
his methods are very odd....you never actually read the book just pick out key phenom and concepts and watch movies. I dont think i ever really knew what he was talking about but i got a 4.0
Very fun instructer! Class was very understandable and class facts will help you out with family or everyday issuesss. Test where very easy! I got a 3.9 by not doing a thing but reading certin chapters for the test. Nice man very recommendable!
good class. no tests and you learn alot
Very interesting and fun class! Gave good feedback, and graded fairly!
He was an ok teacher. He was pretty fair on grading. I took it online during spring so there was a bit more work cramped into a week and it wasn't to bad. Though he gave chapter quizzes that were worth 5 points which were kinda hard because I didn't read the chapters but you can take them multiple times. other than that alright.
Good class. You take notes almost everyday and he talks almost the whole time. He makes random jokes now and then. Made me laugh quite a few times. Two tests then the final and a book review.
If you need an easy professor for stat 200, take his section. Also, do not buy the textbook. all the homework is on WebAssign so its easy to learn it from Webassign without a textbook. I stopped going to class in early October because attendance was not taken.
This guy was great. A hard class make no mistake but really learned alot. Definitally takes his job seriously and expects his students to do the same.
Lectures are pretty boring. Holmes can make the lectures entertaining, but I found myself yawning a lot in that class. Write good notes or else you will have a hard time on your midterms (3 midterm tests). Also, be on time or else he will make sure everyone in your class knows you are late.
Funniest teacher I've had. Makes the subject interesting and relates most topics to everyday life. Loved going to class, even made me consider changing my major. 3 test, a final, and report. Essay questions for test are given before hand makes the test easy. Easy A, at least for me
Holmes is outspoken, Class lectures are very interesting, keeps the energy going, & great examples as well. The questions on the test are nothing we've never seen before on the book or in class lectures, he also gives the questions in advance before the tests so you have time to prepare, tests consist of multiple choice and an essay question.
very cool teacher! very funny. great class
Had him for political science, does not really go into current events (which is what i wanted), but puts his notes up on the board and makes it very easy to understand. Gives you the essay questions for the test before hand, would recommend him (he says the F word). He also lets the top two grades skip the final but won't tell you until then.
Great teacher helps you whenever you need it...grades fair....make sure you study the class isnt an easy A....he was always making everyone laugh with his stories there was never a dull moment im gonna miss him!
HE is freakin' funny! I don't know how many times I sat in class listening to him just go off with my eyes watering because I was laughing so much.
don't like politics but his class was okay anyway
Very Fair grading on Essay Tests. He takes offense to absences, don't miss class.
very interesting classes - but do the reading and show up
She cares, she keeps you the whole time, but without her explaining things so well to me I would have made worse in the regular class. Nice woman, and she helps you after and before class if you need it! =)
helpful in and out of class
She explains math well (I am a returning adult student), but sometimes uses too many steps and complicates easy things. She is not very organzied,slow to return work, and rushed to cover material before the final which made a difference between my A or B!! Not sure if I would take her again.
Very nice lady, actually goes out of her way to help you when writing papers by setting aside dates to review your work. She grades by tests, papers, journals and presentations. She has an overall very pleasant demeanor.
Very easy class. The only assignments are 2 quizzes every week and an exam every couple of weeks. He sometimes assigns arbitrary assignments but they are easy so it is what it is
Very easy class! You take quizzes, test, do one group project, & other individual assignments all online!! Take advantage because you can pass this class with an easy A.
very helpful and organized, uses powerpoint presentations, tests a little tricky
a lil hard to understand, but good teacher, tests are exactly like the reviews, sit towards the front and he'll prolly give you extra points...no attendence, 3 tests and common final, drops lowest of all 4 tests
He was very helpful and friendly. But check your tests, I actually got credit back one time because his TA graded my test wrong.
Put in an effort, he will help all he can. He made it easy for Calculus
Very knowledgeable professor. It was difficult for me to learn all of the countries, cities, rivers, and seas in 30 days. I took the course during the summer. I loved his lectures and found them entertaining.
This guy is hilarious! He loves to joke around and makes the most funny comments. Class is awesome cause he gets the class engaged. Tests and quizzes are easy. Take detailed notes and be sure to do your place-maps b4 the quiz. Overall, a pretty nice semester...this guy ROCKS!
Very easy to get along with and always trys to help and keep the material interesting.
AWESOME teacher...totally hilarious and learns everyone's names...treats it as a college class, so don't expect an A just for coming. KNOW YOUR STUFF. It's worth a C in there just to have such a cool teacher...extra credit will bump up your grade!
he's funny
Funny guy, great storyteller. I looked forward to his classes. Doesn't give too much reading, and exams are straight from notes.
awesome teacher! loves to scare the class (always watch what he's doing or where he's at) lectures can be a bit boring but tests are easy and the reading is interesting. very twisted man but still very cool. he used to carry a piece of skull in his pocket
Great teacher! Very enthusiastic about his teaching and wants everyone to express their own opinions. Can be very abstract in thinking, but this challenges you to think in a different way that you are used to thinking. Highly recommended!
Really nice guy, adn extremely helpful. However, his lectures can often be confusing as hell because he uses words that I never even knew existed. He often draws conclusions which frankly, dont make a whole lot of sense either. But overall, hes decent.
Owen, the mad genius. knows how to give constructive feedback. Cares about your future, won't steer you wrong, encouraging but doesn't offer fake flattery. Amazing intellect, accepts all types of students into his class, for the most part, but you must work and make progress, if not he'll rake you. Best if you're self directed. Genuine guy.
Great teacher, very straight forward; teaches you how things work behind the scenes. Prints out notes so you can just pay attention if that's better for you. She sparked my interest in programming and now I'm addicted :)
She is one of few teachers here that are truely excited about the field they are in. You can tell she really does want you to understand, not just pass the test and make her look like she is doing a good job. All-in-all, she is pretty good.
If you can't pass her class you are a moron.
Awesome professor! Helpful, fun and interesting. Coming to class REALLY matters, because he uses his classroom example on exams.
Professor Addi's online English 102 class is well paced. You can expect to write a 5, 3-4 page papers and one final 10-page research paper. The assigned reading articles are very interesting. He takes about a week to grade papers which is about average. Responded to emails within the day and is very clear and concise. Fair Grader
Takes a while to grade papers. Grades on grammar! he has weird quirky jokes I learned more about other things than english, but that was the great thing about the class. I had to take an imcomplete due to a hospital stay and he was very accepting of me taking an incomplete and allowing me to turn in the final late. i give im a B
Loved this teacher. His random tangents were hilarious, and he would greatly help you out if you needed it, and deserved it. I was a good student,and forgot to turn in one of my papers, so on the last day he let me run home, reprint it, and turn it in along with my final paper. Very nice of him to do that for me.
I took him online a few semesters ago. Pretty easy class, very fair grading. My fiancee is now taking a class with him so hopefully he does well too! I highly recommend Prof. Addi.
Assigns several books to read outside of textbook, daily class discussions...I enjoyed the class, but worked my butt off & still ended up w/ a B. Not worth the sleepless nights spent studying. If GPA is important to you, avoid. If not, I would recommend.
Very good professor - hard course but made it much easier to understand. Exams were very reasonable.
Great Teacher...i understand business much more now...and im not even a business major!! i would take him again if i had the chance
Easy enough class, and her stories were always entertaining.
Great professor! Coming from engineering, this teacher is very entertaining and makes it very hard to get below a C. Studied for about an hour for each test and received an A on each one
I really liked taking this class from her
Bob Strong is the best professor I have every had. EVERYONE in the local community knows and respects him. His knowledge of the material he teaches is unparalleled because he wrote the book(s)! Truly a class act and an overall impressive guy.
borgman is the second best on campus, strong is the best hands down
I enrolled in Dr. Sundahl's two course IDS 393, God and the American Writer. The class was like a survey class but the theme was to survey different theological attitudes of American writers from the 17th century to the later 20th century. The class was, to say the least, inspirational. Just first rate....
Dr. Sundahl is quite possible my favorite person. He. is. awesome. Do the work, take an interest in the topic, and above all, TEASE BACK AT HIM! That's what he wants, AND it's fun. A reasonable grader and fascinating lecturer.
Don't let the ego or teasing get to you. He deserves to have an ego (very VERY sharp). He teases only those who is fond of. Put forth an effort, read the work, and use your brain to wrap around some good ideas and you'll love him.
Took this online. She had a great setup for the online modules and selected movies that were both entertaining and technically impressive. Very helpful and responds quickly to emails. Requirements for assignments were a literally unclear at times but basically just write complete stories with good characters. Skip the reading if you want.
just because she adds things that are not straight from the text, does not make her a bad teacher. Ill admit she was a little disorganized with some thing, but I enjoyed her. People need to realize they are in college and wont be spoon-fed everything
a wondersul professor who is so excited to be teaching. always has a smile on her face, and is very fair.
Finally, a professor that doesn't spoon feed everything to his students. I like that he let me find stuff out on my own, and I found him quite easy to ask questions of if I wasn't clear on what he wanted.
I took him in Fall 2006. The material and class itself is really confusing, this is not a class you can take and just hope to get by in. Croy is an excellent professor and did well in teaching the complex material. He uses WebCT and has assignments there, but his tests weigh too heavily. Extremly helpful
Great professor-- was dreading the class, took it to fill a gen ed, and ended up loving it. His exams and papers suck, but the lecture was great. And he looks like Al Gore. What more can you ask for at 8AM?
If you know something about accounting, which I did you are in good shape, if not she will help you in different areas.
Mrs. Yarbrough really helped me understand accounting.i had tried to take accounting 2x at cpcc and it was a waste of time... with this class even though it was a summer class i did not feel as if i was rushed and i felt like i could come to her for help.
No one could do justice to how amazing this man is at what he does. I had the Third Reich summer course, involving 1 source book and 2 novels. Both of the novels were very good books. His lectures are structured, and his speech flows like a storyteller's. The way he teaches you feel like you are in the third reich. Essays=hard. Class=amazing!
Never seen a prof more passionate about teaching. Slight European accent, but still very clear. Attendence is a must. Tests are all open ended (ie BlueBook). Nonetheless, great class.
Do the reading or you're sunk.
A great professor: informative, stimulating, and funny. A strict grader though. Prepare to work. Advice: ask him what he wants on his tests and papers prior to doing them. Should be teaching at a better school than UNCC.
Awesome history class. Someone mentioned his swearing, but its not offensive, its for humor. His T.A.'s grade harder than he does. You can argue the grade if needed. Attendance counts, but you won't want to miss it. Take good notes/use Web CT - your good!
Knows his stuff, good teaching method for a large class. Grading is VERY HARD, essays must be great, NO ONE gets 100.
Very funny. Makes class fun. Goes over material very clearly. However tests are hard and all essay questions.
study hard, listen close. He makes history come to life
what a cool cat! This guy is great at what he does.
Good professor, first test and final are tough
Very fair, very nice lady and helpful
shes a nice teacher and grades very easily but she treats all of her students like they are in the 3rd grade. i enjoy getting an easy A, but her bad humor and inability to treat us like adults almost makes the class not worth it..id recommend another prof
Fun and interesting class
very enthusiastic, loves what she does, tests are self explanatory
Prof Gauss is an intellegent man, extremely helpful and very sweet, he gives examples from life experiences. I didn't like sociology in high school but because of him I'm going to major in sociology. thanks prof.
every lecture in ths class was interesting! he really knows how to express himself in front of a class. the tests and assignments were ridiculously easy. i studied two hours before the midterm and received an A. higly recommend
A MUS TAKE!! CLASS IS SUPER EASY. DON'T BOTHER TAKING NOTES JUST REVIEW THE CHAPTERS' REVIEWS AND MEMORIZE THE VOCAB FOR THE MIDTERM & FINAL.
great teacher, short easy essays, and simple tests. but students still learn. recommended
Dr. Marks has always been really nice to me and he's been helpful toward me when I've needed it. I'm not sure why other people are giving him such a hard time.
I skipped a couple classes and made a 90. If you study you should be good, but some lectures make you fall asleep, while some get you interested.
Good professor but his final IS NOT easy. He must have changed it and it is NOT abcd anyone. Just thought everyone should know. Over all a good professor attendance not mandatory but needed to pass
Nice teacher. Does an excellent job of teaching a boring subject. You can do well if you attend class and do minimal listening of the cd's before each test. Have heard he gives a 100 for last test but do not know yet. I will repost at end of semester
Easy instructor. Sometimes seems like she's unprepared, but tests are easy and taken almost exclusively from notes, the book only reinforces the material.
he is an excellent professor, but there is room for improvement in the difficulty of his tests and he needs to describe assignments a little more.
Awesome teacher. Really humorous and engaging in his lectures, and really enjoys to teach. I never studied the book once, I soley used my notes that I took in class and the worst grade I got was an 86%. I strongly recommend you take a class with Sean.
Seemed like a senior level English writing intensive class than film appreciation. VERY HARD! But the guy is good spirited and a great teacher. He'll tell you what he wants in a paper, it just takes a while to get it right. If I pass, I'll buy ya a beer.
THE HEAVIEST COURSE/WORK LOAD YOU WILL EVER HAVE IN COLLEGE. 3 HR CLASS. BUT HE WILL KEEP YOU UP. INTERESTING CLASS. BUT AGAIN WAY TOO MUCH WORK.
EXCELLENT teacher! great class, and very interesting. Not a marketing major but loved every minute of it! Read study guide & book, but tests are mostly based on the notes! Make sure to sit on the first 3 rows-don't worry, it really isn't that bad, he won't embarrass you! if needed visit his office
Great professor! Interesting classes and stories to tell. Extra credit if you sit in the first three rows, come to class take notes and make an easy B! Really laidback and nice guy. Loves to help his students out.
Class gets a bit boring but just take notes and bring a coffee and it's fine. Participation grades seemed very random, make sure you let Mr. J know who you are so you actually get the grade you deserve. Don't let the first test trick you, the second two get more difficult. Study the slides, but takes notes from text when given the study guide.
She was a good professor who was responsive to emails. Her lectures made sense and the work load wasn't much so I was able to get ahead easily.
Hard teacher! You've gotta be sure to study hard for his tests!
Easy class and he was super nice and extremely fair.
keep up with the work, hard to find, you're better off at the Writting Center
I've taken his class three times now. Best class in economics. Hopefully I will get him one more time before he graduates. Don't bother with the readings, they are never on the exam.
Boring? Yes. But this guy knows his stuff and his lectures are pretty useful. His Final Exam however was not in the traditional Econ format, however it was fairly straightforward for those who studied and didn't cram the information in at the last minute.
He's really good at explaining the book, and that's really helpful because the books that we read for this class were not the easiest (Plato and Descartes, especially). Having a nice TA matters 'cause TAs grade your paper.
storrs is easily the best philosophy prof i have ever had. such a cute old grandfatherly figure. i looked forward to his class each day. work load really isnt that challenging.. just four short papers. TAs are fairly tough at first, but once you know what they want its much easier
McCall is the cutest old man alive. Each class is like story time! He's so nice and clear in lectures. I'm going to miss him so much! Class is not hard if you attend lectures and read the material. Four essays, 500 words, 15% each + Final exam. Not hard for a first year class but lots of reading! But it was all worth it for McCall!
SMC is a very smart, very intelligent, very stimulating and caring man. His 200 class provides a good introduction HOWEVER as is typical in these courses the TAs play favourites and grade subjectively which is not the greatest thing. I look forward to taking a smaller, upper-level course with him...
Very clear lectures. I never read any of the books, and I still did well, because he explains everything. Essay topics are broad enough to be easy to bang out in an hour and a half. However, he often rephrases your questions for you, thus not always best at answering what you want.
Great person, projects the depth of the subject matter in a manner easy to understand and interesting as well. Excellent course with him to take.
Ok, I'm not sure what these people are complaining about. I went to all but 3 lectures and PAID ATTENTION and then reviewed notes and skimmed the book before a test. I got a 3.5 (and I'm not a psy major). I personally like her personal teaching style, and I would say her test are actually too easy!
Interesting class/prof. Be sure to stay on top of the assignments she gives or it will be a difficult class. Lots of short writing assignments, so be prepared for 1-2 pages every 2 weeks. The terms and definitions you need to learn are the hardest part. Exams covered material that could be found in notes as well as the book, study guide is given.
You will improve, she's very supportive and pleasant.
Only met once a week with no tests. Only had to write an in-class assignment and never any homework. Attendance wasn't mandatory but recommended. She was really nice and I would recommend for a chill class environment. No stress.
i'm surprised that shes gotten bad ratings. This class was so so easy. 2 essays count as 80% of your total grade, participation is the other 20%. She takes no attendance- but you do group work every class for participation grade. NO EXAM,NO TESTS,NEVER EVER stay the whole time. Lots of movies- no homework. i loved it and i'm a big slacker. take it!
He's pretty cool and is quite possibly the smartest man alive. Encyclopedias wish they had Rudi Mathee knowledge. The material is usually dry, but some there's the occasional interesting lecture. There is a ton of information, but the way the class was set up (no in class tests), it really isn't necessary to know much of it.
Smartest man at UD. Somewhat boring and attendance mandatory. TA does grading but the tests are take-home essays right from text book which makes them extremely EASY! Great class.
The guy below me is a ****bag. Rudi is awesome, and nobody at this school knows more about ANYTHING than he does. I'm sorry if the FACTS presented in his class go against your beliefs, but go read a book or something.
Fabulous teacher in the subject of Islamic History. Knows more than any teacher at this school about this topic. Extremely knowledgable and helpful as well. Wants you to succeed and understand.
a fountain of knowledge. this guys knows his stuff. i guess it's sometimes hard to track all the names, places, etc. because the middle east is a subject that i knew little of prior to the course. i'm glad i took it though.
Great Professor/Person! He is incredibly knowledgeable and loves to teach. I loved all of his classes and learned so much from him. Very effective teaching style grabs even struggling students.
I found his class enjoyable, You get over the accent. Every time I needed help I went to his office and he was very helpful. In fact every time he helped me it was a quarantined A on that assignment. As for the tests, write down everything he writes on the bored he will give a study guide study your notes and you are set.
He is an ok teacher but take him on the internet
I don't understand why no one thinks he is hot... I think I have a thing for older profs! Anyways, the people who don't like his class don't come prepared to work... It really isn't that hard. He makes all his short tests (almost like quizzes) on his lecture; no book. All the concepts are common sense... you just have to learn the names... easy A.
Overall a great professor, I also had him for PHI312 and PHI250. Knows the material well and explains the major ideas in a clear manner. The courses with him are tough however, and reading the material is more necessary than other courses.
Very good if you put the effort in. Also had him for 102 and 312.
Best prof. I have had. Interesting, experienced, and loves what he does... which definitely shows.
Nice guy with a strange wardrobe and personality. Usually leads a pretty interesting discussion. Lets class debate issues. Makes you think, unlike many honors profs. I feel like I actually learned something. Grades pretty tough on papers, but not insanely difficult. Overall, a pretty good preceptor.
For the tests, you literally have to know every detail from the notes. LITERALLY EVERY DETAIL. but it is DEFINATELY do-able. i was never that great at memorizing and STILL pulled off an A-. you just have to sit and memorize and read and reread and rememorize over and over. he always puts a 5% curve and a decent amount of times curves even more
Very vigorous course for a first year. I had to repeat the course, but looking back I really should of earned a B if I studied more. He doesn't allow drops, but its really for the better. And any class where only a few majors take will not have drops so this is a taste of what Chem and Bio majors will have to put up with.
Took Manbeck for Belief & Thought. Enjoyable lectures, it's almost as if he is telling a story. Essay exams are kinda hard but good notes will help out. Not too much work to do. Quizzes are easy and help to boost your grade. Likes people that participate a little more. In sum, a very good teacher, you learn alot.
great guy. really knew his stuff. easy quizzes but exams made you think.
she is amazing! Love her! Very fair. Her tests are based off her notes, so if u study her notes word for word, you are good!
Attendance is not mandatory. All quizzes and tests are online, and no class days of the test. She teaches material well, and lectures are power point slides talking about the current chapter. Quizzes are ten questions, tests 50. No attendance is taken. For tests and quizzes, make sure to read the chapter, all answers to work are from there.
Dr. Van Wallendael is amazing & I respect her so much. Not only is she extremely intelligent, but she is caring & enthusiastic about the material. Forensic Psych was awesome with her. I will never forget that class & all the things we learned. We watched some really cool movies too! Plus she gives extra credit. I am sad that her class is over :(
she is the most helpfull and nicest teacher have ever taken class with. I definatley recomend her,SHE IS REALLY COOL
shes great shes so cute always smiling dont buy the book but study your people lots of extra credit
Strange person, but his teaching skills are superior. The MEEG department professors have the worst teaching skills of all campus (and the most unhelpful faculty in general), but The Couve makes up for it.
Cool Person, but his test are extremely challenging
I took this asynchronous, and as a history nut I really enjoyed it! Professor's White's lectures are really interesting, and I like the way he focuses mainly outside European history. Do be thorough when writing your essays, as the TA wanted everything that could possibly be said about a topic present in your writings. A great professor!
very nice & funny guy,class can be boring but not so bad,tests are short answer
Took him for Socy. in Marriage & Family and for Sociological Theory...loved him! Funny, helpful, and didn't mind going to class! May be a little bit of writing, but interesting! Think its easy to make A or B!
If you gave this professor a bad rating, you obviously never went to class.
very nice, grades fairly easy on tests
Very funny Brit. Dr. Mackenzie makes his history lectures interesting through jokes, video clips, and if your phone rings during lecture, the occasional dance. Exams are 25-30 mult. choice and are sometimes worded funny to trick you. Textbook hardly necessary, his PPT's and lectures tell you everything you need to know.
often played short little videos that would keep your attention, He has a great sense of humor and is entertaining to watch. Be careful on tests! test are very short and He tries to trick you with the spelling of words. also 2500 word research paper. I never bought either book and did fine without them. Overall decent prof.
All notes were online. Had study session the night before the tests. Tests were not hard but he did try and trick you. Overall great teacher who used British comedy clips to reinforce his lectures. Highly recommend.
Lectures are very clear and he also emails very detailed handouts.
This guy gives a hearty chuckle. I feel sort of sorry for him. Not very organized. HW Handouts are incredibly helpful in preparing for tests. Don't even bother to do the assigned HW. NOT A PEOPLE PERSON.
This guy rules. Very intelligent about everything, just as lazy as students when it comes to papers. Always honest, to the point, little loud sometimes but its funny and its usually truth. People who don't like him are the people who slacked off in the class and he pointed those dead weights out.
I am sure his attitude towards his guidelines stems from students that think they can BS their way through college. The homework is EASY and it's pretty much a step by step process of the paper. As for exams, DUH U HAVE TO READ THE TEXT TO PASS THE EXAMS, is the info going to magically appear when you look at the exam??? nooo u idiots!!!
dreadfully boring subject. attendance is a MUST.lots of reading. test questions from reading and lectures.test ?'s are kinda tricky. no short cuts with this course you gotta read, go 2 class and study 2 get a good grade. he says he wants a relationship with his students but he was kinda rude 2 me during office hours good teacher but boring content
Funny guy to listen to. More entertaining than interesting. His class is deceitfully hard though. Attendence is a big part of your grade. 3 tests and a final. Each test is approx 33 questions multiple choice. He does not curve so you can't miss many and paas. Very tough "A." Nobody in my class got an "A." I busted my butt for a "B."
grades on attendance. test are wordy and hard, but go to study sessions they help. nice teacher, he writes all the notes down on overhead so you get all the important notes. interesting class.
Very energetic.Keeps each lecture lively.His mult choice tests are not too hard.
She is very well organzied, 3 multiple tests (no final) one paper and no group work/presentation :)
she is really smart and knows her statistics really weel.. her exams are easy, and the quizess are extra credit the books are really good
I'm taking the honors class and so far I love it! Connie is a great person and teacher. Grades don't come first for her - she's much more interested in her students than the papers they churn out. The only downside is that she's not too clear on deadlines and instructions for papers - you may need to ask her to clarify in class.
This is the first time I have come out of an English class happy. It is an easy A. She was really helpful in learning about yourself
I loved her. She often had different opinions, and this helped me alot in my interpretation for the papers we had to write. She did not grade as harshly as I thought. Tests are easy, and so are the papers if you put time into them. Great class, learned alot.
Very good class. Very easy. Great for the gen ed requirement.
I enjoyed this class
Yes, lectures are dry and boring (but what do you expect, its a class that is primarily about Access and Excel) bring a laptop and do your homework while he drones on and on. That being said... read the text, do the NJR's , do the SAM assignments, show up, and you can easily get an A. Especially with all the extra credit he gives.
He tends to fly off the handle at students on occassion. This is a frightning at times, and more and more annoying over time.
OH gosh she is the greatest teacher. She's so crazy and really funny! Her notes may seem disorganized but if u just bring ur laptop and type as fast as she talks, everthing makes sense! Very interesting class - definitely an easy A. Changes ur idea of psych. Dont listen to these idiots.
she is AWESOME! always interested in student comments.. the exams are clear cut from the notes and the book... great class
Really good class. Moves at a fast pace, but will slow down if you ask him. Takes time to answer any questions; wants students to learn as much as possible; nice guy
very intelligent guy. some students did not like his teaching style, but the man is a world class intellect and should be appreciated
Awesome teacher... so smart and full of interesting science facts to make class more interesting. Just be sure to write it ALL down, as his tests are difficult, and sometimes ask the most obscure stuff from lecture AND the book.
Barton is pretty reasonable with his workload. For non-history majors I've seen it be a real chore as they don't quite understand how things are meant to be done, but for anyone majoring in history his class is pretty much what you expect. His classes are lecture heavy, with take home tests. Honestly, pay attention in class and you're fine.
Very knowledgable. Care's more about what you are learning than whether you got everything right. Works with you to help you think deeper, write more clearly, be a better historian. You can't go wrong with this professor.
tests kind of hard... need to study for them. final paper an absolute breeze, 20 page (done in groups of 4) paper more intimidating then it actually is - dont sweat it. really not too hard of a class overall; if you put in a little effort, an A is easily attainable.
I used the book once when we were assigned a chapter to read and write about ourselves. The notes he hands out is enough to pass the class. Easy grader and gives nice feedback. Replies and grades very quickly!
Good teacher and good advisor. Boring lectures but he really knows the material, gives great notes, and is the only pos teacher to quickly respond to emails. Only complaint is that he never seems to give As.
She is flexible, very nice, and explains things really good
Likes to talk about donkies and slaughter houses...Easy class, nice guy
Very compassionate during office hours. Harder than others in the department, but CPA was a breeze.
Ann is awesome!
Good teacher of tough subject. Online quizzes help. Tells what to study for tests and gives many examples. Lectures interesting, but lots of work required to get A. Have heard that he posts negative reviews here to keep whiners and slackers out of his class.
Tough, but he keeps it light with jokes. The kids that were yelled at or insulted in front of the class deserved it. The bottom line is to leave the BS at the door, because he won't tolerate it (which is good if you value learning unlike many college students). As was mentioned, study; don't talk, don't ask stupid questions (econ isn't THAT hard!).
This is a big time study class. Get a seat up front and shut the hell up. Always take notes, and don't miss class, you'll get very far behind, he moves fast. But on the other hand he is hillarious, a smart-ass at heart. And he doesnt make exceptions or care about you at all. I enjoyed this class very much though, just don't mess up lol.
Cool Guy. He hates Dan Rather. Tends to talk about his accomplishments.
Palmer is definitely out there but the guys brilliant. His classes are definitely worth attending. Must go into the course with an open mind. Took his class 1st semester freshman year and Plato was a little over my head but If you meet with him the guy will work with you for hours and those are even more interesting than class.
Very smart man. has some different views on life and although I don't agree on some of them, it is still very interesting to hear his . I enjoyed his class VERY much.
Brillant man, Great Teacher, Loved listeding to him speak(both on and off topic), Sketchy Character outside of class
Egoistic, but a good, smart teacher!
I didn't like her. In an effort to frame everything in a pop-culture context she ends up dumbing down the material. It seems like she's passionate about what she's teaching, but frankly, she came across as unintelligent and uninspiring.
He has a brilliant mind and lectures with only a list of ID's to go from. The lectures are very informative and very captivating and I'm not worried about information being inaccurate.
Jay Bregman is the best of both worlds, a highly intelligent academic, and a wacked-out jazz musician. Endlessly entertaining. Take his Jazz History class!
This guy kicks ass...he's incredibly intelligent and a fair grader...his TA this semester is cool too. Take a class with him sometime...you won't regret it.
way cool prof, interesting to listen to, highly intelligent
Dr. J is the coolest prof in the dept...if you can't follow him, it's your fault
Great professor, exciting lectures, but long tests, not enough time to finish
If you apply yourself and do the homework assignments, you will succeed. Foos takes time to ensure that all students understand the concept prior to quizzing. Some strategies may not apply to all students but he does his best to try explaining from all angles.
Great guy. Semi-dry, but funny. Class is interesting enough, but his tests can get quite hard. Scaled on 440 points (100 x 4 tests, plus two EASY projects for 20 pts each.) He is quite knowledgeable, but as said, can be a challenge.
Fun class, not to much work but still an intro class so don't expect much. Kind of on the liberal side of the spectrum, makes me want to fall asleep... But still an interesting class, and a great filler class if available. Test are from books and discussions, she gives a study guide.
Not the easiest class but def not the hardest. Notes are very helpful and study guides are not! She seems a little disorganized when speaking she mumbles a bit but over all its an easy class and somewhat interesting
we had 3 assigned novels to read and a book report for this class. i attended every class and did not read a thing and got an A. class is easy and general knowledge. you def dont have to read because i got 100 on my book report without touching the actual book. easy,nice,boring. class interesting on day one, then you hear the same stuff over again
Interesting, humorous and straight forward teaching style. Good lectures. He chooses the exam questions word-for-word from a study guide - very fair as essay tests go. He uses WebCT for reading assignments and to post grades. I enjoyed the class even though POLS isn't my major. Also, he's attractive in a intelllectual sort of way.
Good teacher, I took him before for Intro to Compar. Ver knowledgeble about Chile and Latin America, pretty reasonable on test.
Hurmorous at times, likes class participation
Easy A for my class. All 3 exams were online and no more than 15 questions. You do not have to read anything. You can Google all answers while taking the exam, One essay for the whole course. I used large blocks of quotes and received an A.
GREAT professor....very laid back, funny, and interesting. I looked forward for this class and thought his humor was refreshing! Highly reccomended:)
I agree with the post below. Not a hard class at all but study and don't slack off. The last post meant to say (X<30%=A) so the class really isn't a cake walk. Keep up with your work.
EZA? People get too comfortable when saying this because this really isnt the case. Not hard at all but you must keep up with the thinkers and be able to compare. I got a 88 or so but the 80 on the first test put me behind. Study! and don't go in thinking its a EZA (>30%class=A so not so EZ)
If u sit down and listen to him and take decent notes your good to go. Big on comparisons on the tests. Personally, screwed up on the first test but still pulled a B after the other 2. Love to take him again sometime.
Very easy going teacher. We had two exams (midterm and final) plus a final paper that only had to be 5 pages. Even though he's quite liberal, he doesn't care if you're a Republican...grades fair...though he will bash Reagan (our greatest president) often.
This teacher loves what he does and he teaches it well. Great guy and awesome teacher. Recommend.
A little bit arbitrary in her grading, but is overall a pretty good teacher
I love her! Her classes were engaging, she was helpful, just all around a good professor. There was no textbook, just a short design book that was interesting and it wasn't an honors class that was just reading. Interesting final project, but it took a little while to figure out what we were actually doing. Would recommend!
Very interesting class. Very laid back. Thought I would hate it but love it.
Good humor, excellent teacher. Nice guy!
very good prof...a little boring sometimes, but overall he was really great
I can hear stuff now :-)Great teacher!
SUCH a nice man, who tries to do everything he can to get you to understand.
Very smart professor. Always prays before class which shows our religious side to Aquinas. Don't skip because it will have reprecussions. Very Very helpful when you ask for help.
Wow! I think she memorized every rule in calculus. She knows her stuff. Although she moves fast, she's always there to give students the help they need. Good but challenging.
i dunno what every1 is babblin bout-shes easy and always helps, even i got an A
He has a strange personality but its kinda funny
I took Dr. Mintz's American Cultures 4300 "capstone" course. All you have to do is choose to do an independant research project and write a 15-20 page paper...that's it! I turned it in the night before the due date and he e-mailed me the next day that I made an A. I recommend this for everyone!
She didn't count tardies for our class. It was my 15 min. lunch break and I'm always a little tardy to class but she never said anything. She's a very interesting lecturer and totally encouraged her students to participate in class and to come up with their own interpretations..never said any of my bizzare ideas are weird..but always "could be".
Great professor, great class. I recommend it. Roscoe has the most dry funny humor of any professor. Difficult tests but read and attend lecture and youre good to go.
One of the very few University of Maine professors who doesn't have a chip on his shoulder or a mental problem. I like him a lot, smart man, intellegent, funny, and yet serious, different from Maine professors (though he's British and not from Maine that would explain why). Why did he choose Maine?
Good teacher, grading harsh, very funny british humor. Got a D+ in his class, did all the reading, spent hours studying, but tests were very tough.... All in all, I'd love to have him again. Sign up for his class now!!
Great professor! Lots of reading, tests sometimes difficult but he's really fair. Added 10 points to my first two tests! Really cares that students are understanding. Definately recommend!
Funny guy! I definitely reccomend taking his class! He's got a great personality and his sarcasm helps lighten the subject content.
Keeps the huge class interesting.
A hilarious guy. Highly recommended if you like good stories.
Very very nice person and easy class. Material was interesting on it's own but she definitely has a tendency to ramble on and on. She made me feel like she thought the students were too daft to understand what she meant w/o hearing it 1,000 times. But it was easy and she's very nice.
I like Randall. Shes nice and tells you exactly what she wants from you. My only complaint is that she doesnt stop the students from talking off topic. I constantly felt like it was a waste to drive to class to hear students talk about non- accounting topics. Good teacher, take her over any other accounting teacher. Do the work she'll reward that
She does not talk about students behind their back! She gives examples of situations, but never would use someones name. It's just rude to even say that about her. Accounting is hard, no matter the teacher, why not chose an interesting, and fun teacher to help you through it. Choose Mrs. Randall.
This professor follows his own way of teaching. Taking notes on what he writes on the board in all capital letters is vital and it's easy to get confused on the chart he expects to see you draw. The textbook is 'only there for you' and the online practice problems aren't really graded. He does allow you to use your notes for some of his tests.
Had her for Spanish Film, she was very helpful and flexible. Allowed late work and revisions but you did have to email her about it. I didnt like having to add another 2 hrs of hw because we didnt watch the movies in class but I would take her again. Loved what I learned but definately didnt need the book at all.
VERY nice professor! She is helpful and genuinely cares about students. Flexible and understands that we have other classes!! I loved taking this class!
Diane Wright is incredibly friendly and student oriented. She loves her subjects, and truly wants others to love them, as well. She has reasonable expectations for the classes she teaches, and maintains interest in her students after they've left. She will get off-topic on occasion, but it's always enjoyable and interesting.
Nice lady, likes the material, and gets excited. class work was not too bad. I liked the class and she was a nice prof to have for it. Hope you like to read though;)
Really enjoyed the class, show her you are working hard and she will reward you
hard to understand but helps if ask; not too hard
Any class with Prof. Nelson is great. I'm in his Southern Politics class right now and it's by far my favorite. Always a fair grader but expect you to put forth your best effort. Definitely take a class with this professor.
Very nice, intelligent, and beautiful
Very simple organization of the class. Literally two exams(Midterm and the Final); each week you learned a topic for the first class and the second class during the week you would practice the skill for a project. Very generous deadlines for projects.
She's not a bad prof, the class itself was so much busy work I wanted to pull my hair out. 9 Projects, Discussion board every week, and quiz's every 2 weeks. It was so much busy work and not an easy A. If you're just looking for a prereq class, pick something else
Really easy class. With all the extra credit it's hard to get a bad grade. Lectures could be boring but i found it easy to just bring other school work and do it there. Helped pass the time.
I took it in spring and it was painfully long and boring, but there are alot of extra credit the labs are so freakin easy, and in the end I got a A when i thought i deserved a low B. She seems really nice and sweet but I had her so early in the morning I couldn't stand any humor.One class day she brought cookies which was cool.
Material is dry but he tried his best to share only the important info.No need to buy the CD unless you want to print the examples, his book is online. It was helpful to take geo101 along with it but not necessary.Study from the study guides.4tests with extra credit.
Very Easy. textbook is a $13 CD. Test questions come from the CD's practice exams. Go to the review before the test and he asks you questions off the exam. Extra Credit on every exam. Super Easy A.
I took the webclass and it was so0o easy! just study the practice exams..memorize them exactly--no need to look at the material. he doesnt let anyone get below a C- on a test so they're always curved. make sure to look at the diagrams in the lectures tho..sometimes one can sneak in there--good luck:)
took the online class. memorize the material and youll do great. 4 exams on saturday mornings. great class. take it! hes helpful too.
The only grades in class are quizzes and the exams, but everything was open note so you can use any resource so it's not hard to get at least a B on exams and quizzes. Some of the equations are kind of annoying but overall not a very hard class considering every thing he grades are open note.
Prof. Eder was a really good lecturer and wanted to make the class interesting. There's quizzes every chapter that help as a grade booster and about 4 exams that are all multiple choice but pretty specific. Lots of numbers, percentages and stats to remember that aren't that important. He expects effort but grades fairly.
I went to all the classes until the drop, then I dropped out as fast as I could. Hard class, you can't miss any, and his lectures could put an insomniac to sleep.
She has a great personality and explains everything very thoroughly. I took her for Lit of Adolescence. There was up to 200 pages of reading sometimes so it was a little rough but her papers were easy and instead of quizzes there were discussion board posts (after the in class discussion, so it was very easy and required little thought).
Weisl is hilarious. She has the weirdest sense of humor- but who cares. So many papers to write in the class but she gives ample time. She's tough but fair. The papers she gives to write though are very weird. Nonetheless I recommend her! Very cool gal.
Amazing format, A bit of reading, he grades on the comments you make in class and on involvement, which is refreshing. I wish more Professors were like Estes!
TONS OF READING. Beware. Do not take if you have other high level classes, you'll be behind in no time. Very informative, likes group discussions, mostly entertaining. Hot if you think JFK was hot. Midterm was difficult, two 10 page papers with only 1 week to write them.
Funniest man alive, sometimes I wasn't sure if I was at Oakland, or Comedy Castle. However tests are difficult, and he is unforgiving. Be prepared to take incredible amounts of notes, I can no longer use my right hand from taking so many notes.
Great professor. Very funny but also taught a lot and made it memorable. Tests and papers challenging, but not impossible. I'd actually take his IS 220 (Intro to Japan) again just for fun!
good class, good teacher. Students like super easy stuff and minimal work. This course requires good background in modern physics, which most do not have. Helpful Professor.
He is the toughest thing i ever had ... He is really good but have no mercy
the nicest and hottest teacher in the whole EE department, no seriously, he is an easy teacher but not necessary a great one , is stil better than Binkley
she's a smart lady, a decent teacher, and assigns really nice concise books to read.
He claims hes a millionaire, i dont really believe him, nice guy, didnt learn anything and got a 3.9
bestie burns is a really cool guy, loved his lectures and classes those were all very interesting. we had one to two papers due every week which kind of sucked in the beginning but overall he definitely made me a better writer.
This professor is extremely hard and will kick your butt in terms of assignments and grading. There are 8 "response" papers and four major papers, which become increasingly harder as you go on. Be prepared to write ALOT. I also learned A TON from this course, excellent for writing development. Would recommend if you're up for the work, be prepared
Professor Burns is an amazing english professor. Comes off pretty strict in the beginning of the year, but ultimately just wants the best for his students and that requires hard work. Lets you redo any of the 4 big papers, and is super helpful and always available during office hours. Had him for honors, but would recommend for any. Great guy!!
Overall classes with Burns were enjoyable. He seemed a little self righteous at times, but most professors are. He used funny examples to illustrate his points and was easy to talk to.
This man is amazing as a teacher. I've taken a class with him every semester so far but sadly there are none left for me to take. If he ever teaches a new course I would take it though, no doubt.
VERY OPINIONATED, but a fun class. All papers with unpenalized rewrites. overall a good class
best course and teacher I had. can be tough, but class was fun.
Clear and detailed. Great guy.
what everyone says about him is true also he is extremely helpful in office hours and really the spanish language.
Consistent in teaching style, meaning he never goes back to re-teach anything because it's done right the first time. He doesn't tolerate slackers and participation is mandatory. Funny guy.
She's nice but she talks WAY too much. She would talk right through the next class if she could! All the requirements are clearly laid out and its expected to attend class daily but she grades based on her own interpretation of whats correct format so its hard to get a good grade.
Dr. Lynch gives her opinion often, but never does she state that her opinion is more valid than the student's. She has alot of reading (for those students sho choose to actually do it). Know your stuff and you will love her.
He is my favorite Professor. Be prepared to read & re-read the material. Use a Philosophy Dictionary to help you through the readings. Some Phil concepts are studied for a lifetime so don't expect to grasp it in it's entirety. Work through the thought process of the Philosopher and simply write about your understanding of it. READ & RE-READ!
Every Tuesday and Thursday, we read and do an assignment about the reading. So, the textbook is mandatory. The assignments take only an hour each. Sometimes we will only watch videos and write a review. There are two papers in the semester. This class is fully online. Not a mean professor at all. Responds quickly to emails.
Cool professor. Probably gonna retire soon so take him while you can. Attendance not mandatory. Easy A.
I loved Professor Andeoli, he is stern but his character is exactly what the school of management needs
Nice Guy. But he prepared a course in 1996 and is still teaching the same course
This class is a perfect 1 credit course. Only meets once a week & most of the lectures were very interested with different people coming in. Only work is write 350 words once a week on sakai!
Overall I recommend you take this class and professor. I took the women & music course which was interesting. I do wish it was more structured and we followed the syllabus more though and the readings. but overall- easy course!
Super helpful, lectures are always very interesting.
Not exciting but very knowledgable. I found her patient in class, very accessible and incredibly helpful, especially with term papers.
Available yes. Grading poor/toughass. Makes class interesting.
Very interesting class and I learned alot. He teaches with his wife.
Wow...I've read all of the comments, and people seem to really hate her...I think she's an amazing person and professor. She makes classes fun and very worth while. Always willing to talk with students, and will help with your grade if you arent a total ass about it. Fun courses. Have had her 3 times, and each course was great.
Eh...don't understand why she thinks vocab is so important. Other than that, an interesting class. Can't say much was learned other than common sense stuff.
Somewhat demanding but helpful for the most part.
I took this course for the winter three weeks session. While working for six days straight I completed the course with an A. There are 24 lessons, each with one easy quiz attached. The reading was easy as well as the lectures(put on the closed caption when watching). Four exams (3 worth 31% of grade and lowest worth 7%). Easy A as long as you work.
Pretty easy class. 4 exams which are really easy to study for. Each exam has 25 questions of regular questions and 25 in which you listen to music and pinpoint certain aspects of each song. Lectures are a bit dry, clicker questions help a lot though. Definitely take the class if you need an art gen ed or are into music.
Such a nice man! I enjoyed the class overall. The tests were harder than I thought but I really enjoyed it . A class about rock and roll ? how can you go wrong!?
(History of R&R) This class rocked (no pun intended). Online course, weekly quizzes and assignments that took about an hour tops. Four exams, multiple choice. So easy. My only problem with this class was the fact that its difficulty was that of a 100 level. I was expecting more of a challenge. Either way, you will learn interesting things about roc
This class was real good I enjoyed it. Very Easy class just some extra credit here or there and the exams arent to bad its an easy A. Plus he played Devil went down to georgia at the end which was badass! Hes very talented knows his music
Anatole's the bomb! And he's really understanding and pleasant
Woooow, what a guy!! His class was so funny, I think it went fast! He always give you the answers to the quizzes the class before and then again like 5 minutes before he gives you the quiz. Impossible to fail! Don't be a smart ass though, he will make you pay for it.
awhh he is a swt hrt.. u may take a while to get hang of him ..his humour and his way of teaching.. but he is all abt humour..he is so old but not grumpy at all.. do all d extra credit..tok to him if u have questions..he wil go over n over wit u..and keeps boostin moral if u show interest :).. best eco teachers i ever had!
what an awesome dude! hes fun and keeps the class interesting. definatly take this dude!
Great guy...too laid back for me and I slacked off a lot...taking notes in his class is kind of hard and he misses class a lot so assignments and things don't get done but gives extra credit
a little boring w/ corny jokes.. but a good class..
Time-consuming homework exercises. The chapters are long & very detailed. Between the homework exercises, the discussion/responses, and the reading, this class is VERY time-consuming. The silver lining is that he offers extra credit and the opportunity to retake the exams. Proctored exams with four essay questions & 40 multiple-choice questions.
Do hw assigned straight on the quiz, test multiple choice, go to his office,
For Span 121, we had alot more work than in Span 120; a simple quiz every week, homework due almost everyday, and a test every 2 chapters, with out notebook and a journal due and 2 oral exams. He was very helpful if he sees you trying. He was unorganized somedays, and he didn't prepare his own tests or syllabus which was annoying. Pero recomendo!
Very nice, helpful prof.Very lenient and understanding of the fact that you have many other classes. Not too hard, fun class just do your work and speak and have fun in class
Dr. Hulme is very invested in the education of his students. His class is difficult but he really dedicates his time to helping students work through any problems. Instead of making the class easier, he focuses on preparing his students on the topics at hand.
Dr. Fobes is brilliant. You will never find a more engaging, more challenging, more dedicated instructor. Her class discussions are always interesting, and she forces you to think in new ways. An outstanding professor.
I LOVE THIS CLASS. so genuinely concerned for you, AWESOME guy to stop talk to...cute stories. definitely worth taking...but not easy!
really knows her stuff, and loves it, tough for a 100 level though
At first she seems text book, but then you see she knows her stuff
He gives good feedback on research papers, there is lots of reading and he gives people many chances of extra credit in class just for speaking up. He also makes the class entertaining by adding humor to it. Would take the class again.
If you have taken Tuyay then you know that his papers are annoying and long. If not then his papers can become challenging. He will assign usually a research paper, 2 midterms and a final. However, once you leave the classroom you actually remember and retain history which is good. A funny teacher, jokes get old and loves to go off topic. Take him.
Two essays, one research paper or video, one 50 pt. scantron final. A ton of extra-credit, I'm talking ridiculous amount. The essays are cheese as well. Just literally jot down "key terms" and you're good to go. Make sure you write about the "internment camp" in the first essay. I literally feel like an expert of Asian American history.
Tuyay was by far the most funniest prof at SWC that I had! I hardly ever read the books but I passed the course with a 'B' due to the extra credit so take advantage of them! He doesn't have favorites but he will call you out just for fun. Stay active in the course and don't be shy. This is a class where you can express yourself & he encourages it.
Had him for Asian American Hist. hes super funny and even though he gets off topic ALOT, it the end it had a moral. RECOMMENDED you get him if you can
second class with him. same jokes. still funny. Lectures are easy to watch/listen when he jokes. Tests and Quizes are a little out there compared to the actual readings tho. For atleast showing up and paying attention you should be in the C range.
Makes History fun and interesting! Funny teacher who makes you want to learn more!He appreciates participation!But hey it's easy extra credit.Remember to bring a recorder when he reviews for the exam because he gives a few exam questions!
this guy is a walking jocke, super cool, funny and laid back, if you dont pass his class with all th extra credit you gotta be retarded...
gives extra credit, class is fun and informative
I took this guy back in 2011. It's true, he doesn't make it too exciting, and can do political rambles (I don't mind it, since he sounds like a newcomer to the Libertarian Party, haha!) But he's easy to talk to if you know what to ask. He gave me 10 extra points on my lowest exam (made it a B) because I talked so often after classes! :D
I might have gone to this class 8 times the whole semester and still pulled off a C. Tests are fairly easy if you memorize the study guide and look for the most liberal answer.
Phil Rutledge is really smart and makes class interesting.
i never really understood algebra until her class and now can do the work!
She means well, but can be very unclear
Good professor. Ignore negative comments. Tells exactly what tests will cover and gives answer key. very good class. Lots of examples. Funny.
very easy to tlak to and helpful. good at his subject.
The only teacher I've had here that I actually learn something from...unlike the usual trivial crap they give me!
Likes to grill his students, but very fair and usually pretty nice.
I really enjoyed Comins as a professor. However, I did not enjoy the class.The content overload in astronomy was to be expected but I feel as though that much information needed to be learned shouldn't be for a 100 level class. too many exams in my opinion, and there was no make ups or test corrections.The tests make up more than 50% of your grade.
While very lecture and textbook heavy, she was a fair grader on the assignments. The tests were very clear-cut. I got above an 80 on every test with minimal studying and just watching the lectures and reading the textbook. While not the best class I have ever taken, for a summer course I thought it was pretty good.
Sandy is the best! I don't know what that last person is talking about because I felt that both classes I have taken with her very very insightful. Caron thinks outside the box when she teaches and makes it fun, which makes the material stick. Everyone should be required to take a class with Sandy!
"Overall more of a circus act than a college course." I disagree. Dr. Caron makes the class interesting and I would much rather sit through a professor who cares about her students then one whom has conducted the same lecture for the last 20 years. Many professors just stand in front of the class, Dr. Caron is actually motivating and interactive.
Dr. Caron keeps the class fun and entertaining. She's very liberal and uses the classroom as a way to express and introduce her students into these views. She likes to get a little lippy with guys but I wouldn't call her a man-basher. Assignments were super easy and tests were mostly from the reading--so do the reading! Great class, easy A!
I loved this teacher. i signed up again for her classes for this next semester. Easy, fun class. she gives you lots of oppertunity for extra credit and your grade isnt just based on exams, so its great for those of us who dont do well on exams. the teacher is hillarious and a very sweet lady!
The course is fun and easy
great teacher, interesting and fun class, i reccomend it to everyone, pretty easy for the level too. just very large so its impersonal.
Lots of reading. Quizzes almost every class, some weeks every class. Only 5 questions/ quiz .
Good teacher, good class....Admire his environmentally mindful ways! I also thought it was cool that he admitted to being a tree hugger the 1st day of class. Good job, esp. w/the class he had to work with!
As far as the jokes go, sometimes they were eyeroll worthy, but that's not the point. The point is to lighten up class time and break up the brutal pace, which they do well. He grades tough, which is good for ECE majors because circuits is very important. Excellent book, distilled all useful information and cut the fat.
I took this class during May term and did well. He was easy going and nice. Helpful and brought us doughnuts! It was a tough 3 weeks but I would recommened it.
She doesn't seem to be very organized, and she's very vague about the assignments. Students often bring in a wide variety of work because her instructions are interpreted in different ways and she never specifies what she intended.
Caring, patient, and brilliant! I love Prof. Smith! Her classes are challenging, but always profitable. Be prepared for lots of studying and work outside of class time.
hard class, very nice prof.
Class was very interesting, assignments were pretty easy, and Professor Wilson was very enthusiastic about his topics which was great.
I thought Jack was very into his subjects. He enjoys sharing his knowledge and his life stories (though usually off topic) with his class. He talks to you, not at you, and encourages opposing views. I really enjoyed his classes.
This class is amazing. I enjoyed his lectures and the readings were chosen well. The material and his prompts really make you think. Hard time getting him to respond to emails, but when he passes back grades they come with a sound clip with his comments. Very good class, highly recommended!
I've taken 4 classes with him. In person = a bit boring, online = EASY!
Excellent at explaining in class, be sure you understand material before exam. Very helpful with answering questions
don't expect to get a good grade, teaching is excellent, lectures are thorough, but tests, homework, and quizzes are brutal. I'd sit in on his lecture and sign up for another professor. Best of both worlds. I corrected mistakes on some one from another class's test, I got a 66, they got a 92
Super easy class therefore you should pass no problem. One thing that was awful was his unpredictable grading. He had no set grading rubric therefore you may have to specifically ask why points were taken off. Class is super boring because he talks about the same thing over and over again, but he sends all the notes before class so no note taking.
Not a bad guy. The course is super easy, kind of a joke. We never used the text book. His lectures tend to be boring, but they are really informative. If he calls you out on something like texting, don't argue with him- he gets pretty worked up about it. Also, answer his questions in class when he asks them.
I love Nancy, most people do not know what they're talking about because they don't get to know her like they should. She has always been very helpful and wonderful to me and everyone I've talked to.
Gilson is a womderful professor. He and his wife, Liz are amazing teachers and offer a lot to those who are willing to learn. I recommend their classes to anyone
Great guy, teaches and demo's well, but test aren't bad and he's tough on technical crap (i.e. grammar on reports)
I suck at math but got an "A" in statistics with him. Teaches fast, talks about tennis. His teaching style worked for me. It's the first A I've had in math since the 7th grade!!
Mr. Foley is cool-he laughs alot.His class isn't hard to pass 'cause he's pretty good about tests, heck, you get 2 chances!I don't know anyone who does that!Homework online,so it's easy.And he does teach;people just don't ask ?'s!Take him and you'll s
this teacher is probably one of my favorites.although this course is not that hard, he still takes the effort to make sure everyone is doing well.actually informs you about things you SHOULD know.Obviouslyif you dont ask for help you wont get any.Hesgreat
I took his PoliSci class way back in 1993, he makes it interesting to want to attend his sessions. I had no real understanding of PS until I took his course.
Very considerate teacher, he cares about the students, their grades, their experience at SWC, and their finances (by that I mean he doesn't force a textbook to be bought). He mostly lectures and tries to ensure that everyone understands. Tries to put variety in the class with class discussions, games, essays, computer lab sessions, etc.
I TOOK HIS FAST TRACK, NO BOOK IS REQUIRED! YES THERE ARE SOME BIG ASSIGNMENTS THAT TAKE TIME, BUT HIS TEST ARE STRAIGHT FROM HIS NOTES. I NEVER STUDIED, HARDLY READ HIS NOTES AND GOT A B! PASSING THIS CLASS IS EASY IF YOU DOWNLOAD THE NOTES AND KEEP DEADLINES IN MIND, OPTIOANL FINAL TEST OR EASSAY.. ALL TEST ARE TRUE OR FALSE... EASY GUY
Take this prof, Cool as hell! I took it before and got a D and was ZZZzzz, but this guy teaches today's stuff and is fun and interesting and I got an A. Must take your English classes first for you peeps who want to get your GE's done too fast. There is a research paper. Bonus points avail, which I did none and still got an A. Tests are WYSIWYG. Re
Took him as a fast track course online..he was great and pretty easy to understand, only had to email him once or twice with any questions. Didn't have to buy a book, which is nice. Would take him again definately. i think he makes a better online teacher than in class teacher though. ^.^
Phil Saenz is an excellent teacher. Very clear, good examples, and the test is a blank study guide, so study it!! He gets you into Political Science because he relates it to the real world, so that it makes sense, and is clear.
Lets just say this, I got 1007 points out of his 1000 point grading scale. Millions of ways to get extra credit, as easy as hitting a wrong answer on his tests. You gotta work to fail this class.
easy but you can pick up a lot if you pay attention and actually care. kept me interested for the majority of the class time. also willing to discuss topics with you during and after class. funny at times as well
Honestly, nicest prof ever. Definetly try to get into her class.
Very helpful. I was personally not feeling her teaching style after taking B. Moltchanov for 106 b/c there styles are different. But besides that I recommend her.
A wealth of knowledge. Sounds like Tom Brokaw. Best lecturer I've had. Engaging if you enjoy history.
holy crap if anyone rated my dad's appearance as "hot" i'll have an anuerism. i didn't really take any of his classes- he won't let me obviously. but he's being remarkably helpful with getting me around. and... i think he's smart. rock on!!
He's extremely funny. He always has a story to tell. He also knows his stuff about Napoleon, so his knowledge in this area was very reliable.
I must say that I liked Grab as a person, but that my unexpected grade on the first test knocked me off my butt. He did give us the option to withdrawl with a clean slate though, and he didn't have to do that. Thank you Dr. Grab.
A very difficult teacher in some ways, but worth it.
It was con law so it's not like it's a fun subject. All your work is done on papers. No tests.
great prof and great guy.
I took many of her classes years ago and she had tons of energy back then. I'm glad to see she's still going strong. She's a character!! Great lady with a big heart and soul. You go girl!
Shes a very nice teacher and you tell she loves her job!
really liked his class, was online but fairly easy.
Super easy class, just watch the lectures and Ace the exams. A little slow on responding to emails but hes super easy. Gives extra credit too! Laid back guy...looks like a lil munchkin!
His lectures are a combination of a sociology and a food science. It's not dry at all; he has a lot to say about social concerns that are going on right now. E.g. food stamp programs, AIDS, starvation, politics, envirnoment, food shortages, etc. Gives a broader perspective to fdsci.
You must keep up with the work. Text is terrible. But Fergusun will help
spends too much time writing on board, needs to get a laptop to show examples!
Dr. Townsend was awesome. He knew that his class was a Gen Ed and not everyone there had an interest in marine science. He was funny, made the subject matter interesting, and gave a ton of easy extra credit. I never studied and got an easy A-. Would definitely recommend this class for anyone looking for a GPA booster or a Gen Ed.
He seems like a great professor... But I just couldn't stay away during his lectures, so I went to the library during class time and read the chapter in the book instead. I think the class would've been easier to attend if it was only 50 mins long, but an hour and 15 minutes is way too long to sit there and listen to him talk about dry information.
Awesome professor! Kept the class interesting and fun. Review sessions really helped and he often scaled the tests generously.
Townsend gives students all the resources they need to learn the material. Lecture notes, lecture powerpoints, review sessions, extra credit homework assignments, and curved tests. However, I found his lecture style dull and stopped attending class about halfway through the semester.
A good class but the tests are difficult. Townsend gives a great lecture but I'd suggest taking notes on your laptop because he tends to go back and forth between topics which is not good for pen/paper note-takers.
Not that bad of a teacher if you like science. He just lectures the whole class with a powerpoint and provides notes for each class. His class sizes are huge.
Very easy course. Prof usually lets the class go 15 minutes early. This is a good course to fulfill the gen ed population and environment requirement.
Pretty good class. Some lectures were a little dry, but there really is no way to make some of the material exciting. Offers plenty of opportunities to do extra credit homework to help your grade. Exam questions can be rather long, but overall its an interesting class.
He's really good, just harsh grader on paper. There are only 3 assignments all 1/3 of grade.
Took justice law and the constitution with him. Lots of relavent real experience, lots of great stories from his work, many days off, laid back, pretty easy grader on the papers, and really hot. So...that's all good. However, his final was unexpectedly and unreasonably hard...covered every detail of the material. It was really long too.
Very helpful, pleasant professor. Highly recommended for any class she offers.
This was my first in person class back after a three year hiatus from the university. Despite Robbin's tone coming off as boring, I always felt like I could pay attention in his class as it was interesting. He has many extra credit opportunities and only gave 4 tests with no homework except for 4 discussion boards that lined up with the tests.
Material is very boring and he doesn't have much of a personality either. Class is ALL about theorists, not about aspects of personality. Gives essay questions in advance and tests aren't too hard. Takes attendance which is worth 25% of grade.
Tough, but fair. Pay attention, interact, and be schooled in New Archaeology
Haven't taken a class with her but she's the sweetest thing in 1944 hall. Get to know her, she's brilliant.
A friend of mine told me that she was a difficult person but I found her class to be very interesting and usefull.
She's really good and easy to talk to just that the students that she chooses to work with her on projects are chosen over better students.
frustrating at first, but has an entertaining teaching style, scales tests, is very understanding, wants you to walk away from the class having learned something
I'm not a big fan of hers, she's quite pushy
Evans is a brilliant teacher. He takes a class that could be extremely tedious and makes it engaging and relevant; on top of that, he's charming, kind, and deeply intelligent. Be prepared for a great deal of reading and for really useful feedback on your writing. I adored his class.
The class itself was useless, but at least Tony managed to make it somewhat fun and interesting. I enjoyed his approach to projects - the lack of concrete grades and deadlines helped me to think more creatively.
A little boring, so bring your laptop and make an effort on the homework.
Intelligent, fun to listen to and imitate
Great teacher and funny too!
Very good instructor. He really knows the information well, and gives detailed lectures on each of the learning objectives So worth taking you can really learn alot from him but not an easy A
I switched to his class from another class, and started out dreading it. The first day I was like wow I'm so screwed. I have B right now on my way to an A. Class is easy as pie if you study the book and use the website with the book. SO EASY! Just gotta study the book! He's also got some funny sarcastic remarks in class to keep you awake.
Hard at first, but after two or three semesters of him, you get used to it.
VERY HARD.... fear his class!!
He always relates things to real life & goes off on tangents! He WON'T put yo to sleep! However, some of his comments are offensive to women & minorities because of the way he phrases things & the context from a historical standpoint, but you can tell he doesn't intentionally tries to be offensive
Does a good job at making math relatable to everyday life. Tries to make class interesting and fun. Easygoing and a pretty good teacher to get you through your math requirment. Not as bad as the angry nerd was describing him. Looks a bit like Santa Clause.
Yeah he's an athiest and if it gets brought up in class he makes his opinion clear;I personally am a christian and found it a little annoying how close minded he was but has nothing to do with his competency to teach the class.Class was not difficult, if you have half a brain you won't have to study. Got an A w/ maybe 4hr time spent out of class
If you believe anything New Age with faith, you'll be in for a rude awakening -- you'll regret taking this class (as well as PHIL 146); you may even do poorly. [In fact, that's the MAIN reason people hate him! Most of the test questions come from the Schick & Vaughn text and he uses similar tests every time. He also offers a way for you to boost
She is cute, quirky, and fun - I enjoyed the class, especially the labs. The lecture paper is unpleasant but not terrible. I highly recommend this class for non-majors.
she is a teacher not like some professors that teach so they can do reasearch but she teaches also it brings you back to High school lots of bussy work
LOTS and LOTS of work, but all of it is really easy. Definitely a great alternative to those other science classes.
Easy class for lab credit, not to hard at all.
Midterm was challenging, and she does grade harshly on her book review paper, so make sure to do everything she asks of you when she speaks about it in class! Keep in mind there are only 3 grades in this class, so messing up on any of them will drop your grade drastically. In all, solid professor that was always available for advice and questions.
Great professor but hard. Show up to her classes & buy the text!! Very intelligent lady & definitely knows her stuff. Her midterm was harder than her final but overall I would recommend her.
Pretty easy teacher, very straight forward, just pay a little bit of attention
need to be in class becuase she doesnt use text book. GREAT reviews. can't fail if you show up! easy to talk to. nice person. gives good help.
way smart, funny, and personally i think he's totally handsome.
Great guy, smart, but VERY longwinded. Be prepared to hear the same point several times... makes for an interesting class!
Knows a great deal about education, very nice, but dry
Helpful, easy. Sign-ins at the beginning of class but you can miss up to 3 classes and still get 3 extra credit points. He curves if the class doesn't do well - for us, it was over 12 points added. Great guy, Great teacher.
lectures can be dry (hey, it's assembly) very helpful on my final projec
Pretty easy grader. Funny and the material was interesting.
Great prof. I've had him 5-6 times and I always enjoy his classes
Has an interest in students' success and will put in extra time to explain concepts. Has a habit of complicating things. As others say, he's spacy and I'm surprised he can function with the umpteen activities and classes he's in charge of. Overall, good guy who might not be a perfect teacher but is very helpful. Had him for 177, was about the same.
I agree, "soft-hearted hardass wannabe." Smart guy, knows his stuff. Tries to be hard on us, but is very willing to give second chances. Loves the subject, willing to discuss anything science-related, and loves it when you take an extra interest.
Jim is awesome!
Very good understanding professor. Makes the class discusion interesting.
Alan is my advisor and I think he has done a great job, far better than the 4 other advisors I have been shuffled through since I started college, he actually cares. I have not had a lecture with him so I cannot grade him according to classes, but as a mentoradvisor he has been very helpful and is always willing to meet or help with anything.
I'm kind of into statistics, and he showed me some things on excel that make doing statistics quite easy.
I really enjoyed this class, especially the way she intertwined learning about the historical context with the texts themselves. I also appreciated the fact that once or twice she allowed us as a class to decide what we would read next. Very sweet woman who is incredibly helpful in her office hours.
I really enjoyed Prof. Weber's class, and despite previous comments, I think she is brilliant and able to teach quite well. I guess it depends on individual learning styles.
He's an amazing guy/engaging and I took him because this site said to, and I regret it. He only gives 3 tests the whole semester so fail one and you probably won't get an A. It's mostly ALL LECTURE BASED, so even though he doesn't count attendance, if you skip you will miss material. He includes specific details from lecture on test questions.
Very interesting. Be prepared to work. Class started at 30 and dropped to 11. Be warned, reading is mandatory
Political science 142 is rough--the material's boring as the day is long. But Dr. Tkacik made it bearable. He was full of good examples and stories to ease understanding, and it doesn't hurt that he's a nice fellow. There's no homework and attendance isn't mandatory. The four tests aren't curved and come mainly from lecture, but read the chapters.
What the hell is wrong with you people!! Dont take this class if you dont have too. You keep reading how nice and helpful this guy is but the truth is his test are hard. Extremely hard. This is about passing not making a friend for a professor. The guy is helpful, but whats the point of having a nice professor if you fail it? Do not reccomend!!
Weekly assignments that you can resubmit within 2 weeks. Very relaxed on grading. He teaches a class that is difficult to lecture, so they aren't entirely useful. You can understand everything from a youtube video. It was a very enjoyable class that also wasn't that difficult. I highly recommend it.
Landis is the man. Enough said
Landis is an amazing professor. Highly reccomend any class with him. Need to attend class to understand material, but classes are a joy to attend, does well at keeping your attention
Had him for CIE 111 and CIE 101. He's the easiest going guy in the world but the tests can be challenging (although they are open book)
Awsome, layed back teacher. Very good scaling on grades. My favorite part is that he is very enthustiastic and teaches you the most easy, practical way to do calculus. He stays on topic until he thinks everyone gots it down. KICKASS!
Ridiculous. WAY too into calculus 2. Come on now, it's really not that great.
enjoyed the class very much, accomodating
Sometimes comes off as narrow-minded, but class is great - just do the readings!
I fell a week behind and it was over. Asking for help, he said it wasn't fair to the kids doing well for him to slow down. He knows his stuff but it's frustrating that this class is SO HARD to the point of irrelevance. My friend getting his chem PhD was learning the same material and as a med student now, I have yet to see orgo of this difficulty!
Very helpful! Seems to actually care about students, even though the class is huge! Does a lot to give hints about tests. Book is not necessary, although a good idea, especially for chapter reviews.
Tests are very hard for a 100 lvl class, labs are lame.
He makes it fun to learn
Scott is AMAZING. He's my advisor and professor and he's been an inspiration. I love him. His enthusiasm is contagious and he can always be found with a smile on his face, no matter what. When I mention that I'm in the biology department to alumni, the first name that is brought up is Scott's. Not only a wonderful person, but reknown worldwide!
Does a great job of introducing Computer Science, especially to people who have never programmed before. Very willing to answer questions with clear answers.
Professor Johnson is a very kind professor and heavily invested in what he teaches. He gives a good amount of readings and they can usually be skimmed over. He prefers to give essay feedback on physical copies and his writing can be hard to read because its a mix of print and cursive. However he is totally willing to go over it with you!
Very thought-provoking classes; could be a little more challenging.
Easy A. Very clear in expectations. Read the chapters, turn in notes, type outline, deliver speech. She talks too much, other than that easy class.
Super easy class! Ms. Tuscany grades all work quite easy! I took the 6-week summer course and there was no textbook for the class. Just 3 reading assignments with notes to turn in, 4 homework assignments, 2 quizzes, and 2 speech debates. Easy A! The only thing is during the summer class, we were in class for 4 hours, twice a week!
She is OKAY... I mean, she is not a bad teacher, but she talks so much on one little thing and it never stops, so make sure you get enough sleep before going to her class or else,ur gon' fall asleep.. If something she is not expecting happens, she gets really upset and starts shouting especially if someone tries to tell her that she might be wrong.
EASY GRADE. SHE DOES TEND TO WANT IT HER WAY SOMETIMES IN VIEWS OF THINKING. FISHBOWLS ARE NOT TOO HARD. KEEP UP THE WORK AND DO EXTRA CREDIT YOULL DO FINE...
great class and teacher. 5 quizes,very simple 5 homework, pretty simple and two debates which she also grades easy on. sometimes she can be boring but its you cant fail even if you try. plus she gives lots of extra credit points.
Well, as a current student, yeah, she's hard on me, but isn't life going to be hard on me? She is tough, but she wants ALL of her students to succeed. No other professor I know cared much about their students' success rate. Take Forensics.
I got an A and was the Only one so for the average people avoid.
Straight to the point, Does make you sit through long lectures if you get the point, but is willing to work one on one with whoever needs it. Very pleased with his teachings.
I took his class during the summer and got a B. Expect a quiz everyday you meet and normally the quizzes are similar to the tests. Only 2 tests and the final, but dropped a test score (not final) and kept the highest score! He has a tough, but funny character, would totally recommend him!
Gooooooooood Class. So clear lectures easy test and quiz. doesn't check the homework but doing homework definitely helps you to get an A. Take him and be happy. lol
Jimenez is awesome! I had failed math 31 in summer with another teacher and had to repeat it. This guy made math easy. I really never did the hw, but his daily quizzes helped me a lot! take him hes funny nice, and very helpful. Just dont get on his bad side!
I've taken many math professors and math is definitely not my strong area but he is great teacher. Much clearer than the rest. 5 Tests 60% 1 Final 30% Quizes 10%. Test are hard because he gives sparse partial credit and is very harsh on algebraic error and few questions.BUT no proofs! He knows that "Not everyone is a math major". I'm retaking him.
this professor is cool, tests are straight forward, quizzes every day, highly recommended
Jimenez is a great math teacher for those of us who are not math or engineering majors, but must endure the rigors of calculus anyway. His quizes, though not as difficult as his exams, give you a clear idea what to study for.
His class is sort of reversed. The lectures are online and are assigned for homework (software lets him know who watched and who didn't), and the in class work is mostly worksheets/quizzes. The lectures cover everything in the book, and I found the book imo a waste of money. The astronotes, however, is amazingly helpful as well as mandatory.
hes a nice guy loves his subjects..
The class was pretty tough I thought, and the prof. was definately boring. Every class he just read from his PowerPoint slides...ugh
its not a horribly tough class,try to pay attention, its a little boring so thats not always easy to do, and hes a little odd, but very very helpful, he answers all questions asked just very dull.
Don't take the online lab.. He was all about how he wrote the book for the class
GENTRY! i absolutely loved this class! It's all reading & writing papers so if thats not your thing i would pass. Gentry will single you out in class but it makes the discussions good! The class was overall an easy seminar, but you are expected to put lots of effort into your papers.
Sharon really cares about improving the writing skills of her students, the only drawback is the cold calling. She loves calling on people who don't seem as confident with the material. Overall though I enjoyed taking her class, just be ready to participate.
Awesome! She was the first preceptor I ever had and remains my favorite. She encourages really great class discussion, and she really knows how to pull good ideas out of people and get everyone involved! TAKE HER CLASS! She's a very smart and very funny woman.
If you like intelligent discussion take this course with her
I took Human Reproduction with Marrone and I am currently taking Drugs and Alcohol. Drugs and Alcohol is veryyy dull compared. There are less engaging material, but when she does have a guest speaker it is really inspirational. To my disappointment she was also not reachable by email. Overall take this class if you want and easy A for an Upper div.
Cathy is very articulate and a very nice, and friendly person. When I visited office hours, she was very approachable and helpful. She gave ample advice on how to improve the project. I'm really glad Cathy is teaching at Stony Brook.
Took both her Soc 105 and Soc 340 classes. I would recommend reading the books and TA notes--major studying isn't required (soc 340 may require one to reread tb material). The classes aren't that hard and I would highly recommend both classes.
marrone is ill, however her curve for her exams suck, and reading the articles (or getting a main idea from them) is pretty important. she lectures very well, shes funny, and she just knows her stuff. overall its a pretty easy class if you put a limited amount of effort in to it, i would recommend it
Lectures revolved around class discussion keeping it interesting, but also drags onto tangents. Actual tested material is not always what you expect, and although multiple choice, the questions are worded in an elusive manner. Nevertheless, it would be difficult to fail this class if you attend the lectures, pay attention and do the readings.
Although he can sometimes be a bit confusing do to the long derivations that he tries to do, Professor Lee does a good job at conveying the material. He has review sessions before every test which will help to reinforce the key concepts. Although he is older than most other professors, he is still very good.
Very nice guy whos happy to answer questions in class or during office hours. In class he speaks loud and clear. He posts practice tests before exams. My only complaint is his writing on the board can be unorganized and hard to read at times.
He is ok. Sometimes he gets lost and spends half the class figuring out what he did wrong and fixing the problem. This course is not too easy or interesting unless ur an electrical engineer, although i've see plenty of them fail in this class. 2 mids with 3 questions each and a cumulative 6 question final. test averages are at about 40. Go Curve!
i have him for PHY 125....hes not that hard of a teacher and his tests are very similar to the practice exams...i just wish that i had gone to class more often cuz learning physics on ur own is really hard
Class is interesting more often than not, and getting a good grade can be done with relatively little effort. The readings are often dull and tedious, but on other occasions they're very helpful. Every now and then, he'll say something awesome, such as a joke about President Bush.
Very interesting class, very glad he started this class
Great guy, lenient about late assignments
One of my favourite English professors. vivacious lectures, interesting texts and extremely approachable.
class was alright. decent conductor and a nice guy
one test, its rediculous.. then a big group project. get a good group
Class was easy. Only 1 individual homework assignment and 1 test which was easy. However, there is a long semester group project that I recommend that u get in a good group. Overall the teacher made the class fun and interesting which I learned alot.
This man knows his stuff. he enjoys it when teh students do too! Read the required material, and listen to his stories about his dog, neighbor, and college years, and it will help you to understand the principle that is taught. Plus, he makes learning fun.
Amazing teacher. Yes she is kind of hard. Yes She speaks all in Spanish. She cares alot and you will learn more than you thought you would. Not cutting class and a little effort will get you a B. She's what teachers are supposed to be like.
One of my favorite teachers at loyola. I was lucky enough to have him as my advisor, I STRONGLY reccormmend taking any classes you can with him.
If he wern't a philosophy teacher this guy would have definately been a ****star. Relates topics to sex and what's the problem with that? Good teacher and very nice.
Great teacher...very smart as well as funny. Class sometimes could be a bit boring...but with topics like the ones we were covering, Franz made it somehow enjoyable. Defenitly leanred a lot in this class...strongly reccomend him!
Is very nice, but speaking up in class is a bit scary since he takes the devil's advocate on everything. Hard grader.
amazingly smart man and awesome teacher, u have to take him at least once
He was a fun and interesting teacher who cared about the students' grades.
She has clear grading criteria which is tedious and long but easy to do well when you don't procrastinate. She grades fairly, and gave me points back on an assignment where she took points off for something she shouldn't have. Communication is key and she responds quickly. This is better than the zoom CHF 201! Much easier.
This was a 3 week course, so there were many assignments and it was important to keep up with the lectures and reading material. Despite this, the content is easy and Barbara is understanding and fair at grading. Although the Virtual Child assignments are time consuming, the rubric is clear, so earning full credit is no problem. I would recommend!
nice, helpful, easy class
Tests are EXACTLY the same format as the practice test he shows you, no surprises. Generous with test grading and even drops a test if you improve your scores over time. There are weekly quizzes, which aren't bad if you take pictures of his wall mounts and study them. Don't buy the textbook recommended, got a B+ final grade and never opened it.
i think he's great, knowledgable, and fun
Todd is a very helpful professor and presents the material in a non-intimidating way. Take the den section if offered- easy A on 10% of your grade just for going to the den to do homework for 3 hours per week. I am TERRIBLE at math and I managed to get a C+ in precal with Todd as an instructor. Highly recommended!
I loved the guest lecturers he brought in who hire CHF majors. Be warned he is revamping the course and it will be more challenging. Gary is a wonderful, caring man and I would highly recommend taking any course with him.
I took his class in 99 and his classes were excellent and helped me a lot !
This guy knows his stuff and teaches the material in a lively and hilarious way that keeps you interested. My only complaint is that sometimes he's very vague about guidelines for assignments, but is often looking for very specific analysis. Be sure you're on the same page about what he's asking for before starting an assignment.
I had Bonny for Math 131 Part 1 and Part 2 (elementary education math class) This class was not an education class but strictly a math class. She teaches by showing which is the greatest thing a professor can do. She knows math VERY well and knows how to teach it. She has her tangents every now and again but get ready to work in her class.
She is an ok teacher...but she is SO DAMN RUDE. Ive never met someone with as much sarcasm in my life.
Very interesting teacher, makes learning fun. Although the subject is difficult she goes out of her way to help you. Even has extra study hours where she'll answer any questions you have and even work one on one with you. Other students go to these hours, so eveyone helps each other out. Its very beneficial, wish every teacher did this.
Textbook not neccesary. There are example tests and quizes online from previous semesters and she makes her current ones exactley the same way (if you understand the practice ones you will pass the actual ones) There is homeowork on mathzone every week. Overall a very good teacher she has alot of energy and a firey personality. (love the red hair)
Calc is hard, she makes it look easy but don't be fooled because it's still hard. Following in-class examples and going over her old exams and quizzes are helpful. Lots of homework. Discussion was useless due to the TA there.
great professor! always helps and makes calc easy.
Very Easy grader, very clear about what he wants. Also very boring. I was on Facebook most of class and got an A. In love with Elvis and JFK. the JFK paper at the end is a pain.. 15 pages... keep that in mind. Consider other teacher, i heard he's easier.
Teaches you how to write well---however the homework is very long and tedious. I think I wrote my hand off in that class. The final paper is very long as well.
Dr. Dwyer is a sweet lady and youcan tell she loves what she's teaching. Grading scale is nice, but her TA's grade unbelieveably hard for a 100 level class. All tests are essay, so it leaves answers open to interpretation. Enjoyable class, but tests and papers are more difficult than they should be.
I love her Contemporary Moral Issues class. I've never been so interested in a class before. The content is so relevant and captivating. Dwyer really inspires you to think and analyze.
Keefe is a pretty good guy. This course is supposed to be a NON-auto cad class, but every homework uses solidworks. no tests, but homework is 40% of the grade. my advice is to show up to class (cus he takes attendance) and then leave about 10 minutes in (i did this and proceeded to go finish my homework due the following week). Easy B, hard A.
dudes a****, you ask a question wanting a simple yes or no answer...and he gives an hour speach on your question...lots of hw...and he doesnt teach autocad
Make sure this is really what you want to major in before you start this class. It will take over your life, be prepared to read 4-6 chapters a class, TONS of OUTSIDE group homework and individual hmwk. Dont take many other classes with this one, you wont have time for them... I never studied more in my life, and only passed with a C!
He's not a difficult teacher. Its the class in general that's tough. Prepare to read more than 50 chapters of accounting. The best thing is that you do almost everything in groups. In the end, you'll know soo much (thats if you can pass the cum. final)
Crazy woman, but you gotta love her. Relatively easy grader, lots of assignments to read an article and post a summary of it on blackboard
Reading for almost every class, make sure you at least skim it. Online posts due for reading. Easy grader. Power point at end of semester. Very easy honors seminar.
Study her notes only for the test.You don't have to read her "text" but you do discuss it, so skim it for main points because she calls ppl at random.Projects at the end of the semester are not really hard but she always wants you to find a "main point" when you think you have one.Just email her.
Lots of essays, Attendance is not mandatory but would suggest going to class because the essays are based off lectures
the best and most important class i've ever taken in college. we may disagree on politics, but his lectures are better than anyone and he uses movies and audio really well. a great mix of pop culture and foreign policy. a+
Doc. Ferworn is cool. He could use some new clothes but a good teacher I think.
Hes like a stand up comedian, he makes you understand the concepts
This is not a class...it's too entertaining
Ken is awesome. I've had him for two courses now (also ENG222) and he is great. Funny, rambles during lectures (some people may find this annoying) and tells stories. He expects you to read but understands it won't always happen. Okay with late work. Super nice. Take a class with him before he retires.
awesome teacher. doesn't mind if things are late. very small workload for the semester.
He was very interesting in his Canadian Lit class. He would let us hold class outside on sunny days. He gave a good objective view of Canada of both pros and cons and let us decide our opinions. I liked his class a lot.
Pr.Lupien is very dynamic and clear in her explanations of the materials.She has her own ways to explain certain concepts that you may find very helpful.Her playfulness is nice but maybe towards the end a little over the top. Other than that, she is very approachable and overall it is a pleasure to go to class.Watch out for the group project though
the class is really interesting and she explains things well. her assignment isnt explained well though..the TA was really helpful as well(Rok!).the first month is very scientific but the next 2 months are the interesting parts so if u could get through the first month youll be fine
it really does seem like the best class in Mcgill! If it doesn't seem like this in the beginning, it will definetly seem like it in the end of the course and even after the course. You will be sitting in your other courses and wishing for DR Lupien to be your teacher: yes she is that good! Bonus: TA
I didn't realize how much I took away from this course until after I took it. Lupien stresses critical thinking from all aspects...and that has not only helped me in my psyc and science courses, but it's helping in all aspects of my life. GREAT course!!
Really engaging, really funny. Pretty tough but refreshing to listen to.
Demanding of herself and of students, good teacher, sarcastic in a funny way
TAKE HER! Enjoys lecturing and telling stories that apply. Tests vary from MC and essay to ALL MC, she listens to the class' input and is willing to explain everything until we understand what we need to know. Great prof, don't miss a chance to take a class with her.
Bob is great!
Her examples and explanations really make the information much easier to understand.
class is all lectures, notes are clear and test is straight forward from notes and readings in the book.
Not as bad as everyone says; would take another class with her.
She's very good at what she does, and has the students' success in mind as she teaches. Those complaining may not have what it takes to thrive professionally after graduation; she's been out there and knows what is required. Overall, a rewarding class and professor.
Course is somewhat challenging, it is important to read the textbook and go to lectures cause he doesn't always cover what's in the text but excepts you to know it for the test. And lectures usually contain answers to test. YOU MUST TAKE DETAILED NOTES bc slides aren't available on BB. 3 tests Lectures are fun but he often goes off topic.
3 test (almost 100 questions) If you barely study you'll get a C just from coming to class.. There are - 2-3 page papers .. Very easy. Extra credit for turning in name tag at the end of semester.
Minimester class, fast! He was fair, outlines the material on the board, made it clear. Nearly broke his back trying to help and adjust if you needed him to. Note-taking was INTENSE. HE TESTS YOU ON THE NOTES! Great prof! Reading isn't too mandatory, but it helped. Exams are 120 Q: T/F, MC and fill-in-blank, one six page paper. Interesting class.
He was really cool. Great stories from his research. knows a lot on the subject and keeps it interesting the whole time. wish i would have had him for a regular semester. tests are huge but easy, gives study guide, most answers from lecture so don't skip class.why would u want to anyway. hes fun! one 5pg paper, easy. highly recommend.
HE WAS THE BEST. HAD HIM FOR THE FIVE WEEK SUMMER COURSE AND IT WAS A FOUR HOUR CLASS BUT HE KEPT OUR ATTENTION.THERE WAS ALOT TO LEARN IN A SHORT TIME BUT HE MADE SURE THAT WE FULLY UNDERSTOOD THE TOPIC AND HE WAS EXTERMELY HELPFUL.I BARELY READ THE BOOK AND STILL GOT AN A-...
very disorganized, but easy going. got an A without studying.
I took him in both Chem 121H and 122H. He peaks interest in chemistry. he digs in the materials and helps you understand deeper the materials. Exams are fairly hard but you can get a fair grade if you attend lectures, read book, and study the materials carefully
I'm glad I'm not the only one who found him attractive... in a nerdy way of course. Judging the class is hard because chemistry was not a subject I ever would have taken by choice. But Justin was an entertaining teacher - funny and did some interesting experiments in class.
Tough, but fair...sometimes nerdy.
The grade is based on exams, be prepared to study for them. Look back at past exams online and the ones he posts because he's bound to reuse similar questions. Book is not necessary as all information and notes can be found through his lecture and slides, so pay attention to what he says.
The material was more boring than I expected. He didn't really make it more interesting but he does seem like a nice guy and kind of funny. Tests weren't too bad. I thought the multi choice part was harder than the short answer
She's very friendly, and she knows her stuff. Wrote her own textbook. Class, however was boring (all graphing/interpreting graphs). Got by with a B only reading the first chapter. She does have very useful question & answer sessions before exams. Posts sample exams & homeworks with answers.
boring but very easy class. just study the review tests and project is a piece of cake!
Sick teacher, super funny! Interesting Class, you definetly won't be bored.
Entertaining and energetic. very different from other classes ie. creative assignments. informative and fun but does not explain his expectations. Take it only if you love the material and are willing to work super hard. don't take last term if appling to grad school. lectures good but not encouraging of students.. can be defensive and critical.
This class is definately the highlight of my week - he makes death interesting! He's funny and his stories are entertaining and help you understand the concepts. This is my last term and I can confidently say he is my favorite prof of my entire undergrad Wish I discovered him earlier so that I could take more of his classes. Strongly recommended!
Great prof, Hard tests!!
Well, as a prof and lecturer he was absolutely incredible. Your attention was grabbed from the first lecture. Unfortunately, his tests are very difficult... Besides the tests, everything is excellent!
The funniest prof. ever. I highly recommend taking his intro to psych course - his class sizes are usually smaller than other 1st year psych courses because it is at STJ. But I laughed so much in his lectures and he even threw some pretty funny stuff into his test questions. I highly recommend him as a teacher
funny, smart, lots of examples, amusing, entertaining, you won't be likely to fall asleep during lectures
This guy is on fire!
obsessed with his own ideas and test you on them. still, he's interesting.
This guy is hilarious, but kinda tough.
Such a good prof, really really funny, and his stories are great learning tools.
AMAZING TEACHER!! at first i was not so happy with him..i have had other english teachers in the past and lets just say they did not do their job! professor Schneider actually taught me how to write an essay! very very picky about commas, puncuation is a must in his class!! class is a little boring but you can tell he enjoys teaching!
Hmm... I had to take this class again to get a better grade. Actually enjoyed the class until the day of the final when he wanted to put a "boot in my butt" for "not balancing out my life." I would seriously recommend taking somebody else for HIST 152 and 153.
Great professor. Not to be confused with easy professor...he makes you work for your grade but hes always there to help and to assist in whatever you might need. You put forth the effort you get the grade.
Great Guy, Very entertaining. Has a passion for free speech, so if you get offended easily, it'd probably be best to avoid. But Holden's teaching style is second to none. The final exam is 150 questions though, so study!
Entertaining prof, but sometimes gets off on an unrelated tangent (which can be entertaining but it happens a lot). Sometimes unclear or contradictory about what will/will not be on exams. Not for you if you want someone serious.
He's really a great prof. He makes a boring subject like economics really fun.
Hell the guy's a legend at the U of C and for good reason. Class is like stand-up comedy, finally a prof that doesn't take things too seriously. Even if you're not interested in Econ at all the course is worth it for the entertainment.
Turpin is awesome! I went out of my way to take his Insects in Prose and Poetry course because I had heard such rave reviews from friends of mine. I loved his sense of humor and easy going personality. I also like that he is fun but still holds you accountable for yourself. The work you do reflects how you do in his class. Great experience!
Sometimes the weekly quiz would be a little too difficult.
Very interesting. Good examples. Good clarity.
He doesnt follow the traditional teaching of following a syllabus. But you do get alot out of his classes if you can get over the fact its not like your other robotic classes
Professor Coogan is a lovely lady who is obviously passionate about literature. Be prepared to read a LOT, and don't think you can avoid it for she will have constant pop quizzes regarding the assigned chapters. Her feedback is extremely helpful and she's a very fair grader. Her lectures can get dull, but overall her class was decent.
Dr. Taylor is a fantastic professor. Her classes aren't easy but you get so much more out of them. Her lectures are interesting and demonstrate her incredible knowledge of the subject. I wish she taught more subjects so I could take her again.
I liked her class because she was always very prepared and really knew what she was talking about. She always seemed to have an answer to our many many questions. The lectures were always high quality. The tests weren't super hard but the final paper was graded hard.
Took him previous semester for Naval History Class, which was pretty interesting. Now, I took him for a Business History Class which was somewhat dry. Summary on readings is due before every class, approx. 400 words. No exams but three short papers on topics discussed in class. Explains what he's looking for before paper is due.
Gives a blackboard quiz due (10 multiple choice questions) for every class. One chapter must be read for each class. Quizzes are easy and open book. Midterm and final consist of 20 questions from the blackboard quizzes (he gives you the answers) and one essay question (he gives you a list of possible questions). Takes attendance by clickers.
GREAT Professor. Knows his material well, and very charismatic with a good accent. The only problem I really had with him is he never responded to any e-mails that I sent him asking for advice on class work but aside from that he's great. 2 online quizzes per week, 7 in-class quizzes, and two essays (mid-term and final exam). Take him..
Boring although his classroom has comfortable seats to fall asleep on, just make sure you do not sleep in the front bench. Helpful to the ones who are averaging a b+, does not care about others andthe grades are not fair. Harsh at times and do not like his teaching style. YAWN !!
my class for 6 quizzes half was an essay the other half was multiple choice and you get a midterm and final class Participation is worth 10% or you grade so speak up in class the book is used a lot if you are interested in purchasing it i will be selling in school so look for me on monday the 28th
He gives six pop quizzes but they are based on the reading which is pretty easy.It's pretty boring at first but it gets betters. Take him he is pretty good.
Very cute, pretty easy course, but a 12 page minimum paper
Best professor in history ever... plus, he's really cute... that doesn't hurt. He gives quizzes, but they allow you to actually read what you're supposed 2 read and it will keep you on point. My personal opinion, is that you should take him,:-)
i loved his class and his way of teaching.
he gives unexpected quizzes, drops the lowest grade, midterm and a final is essay, not very easy grader, i would'nt take him again
Excellent professor.
He Cheated me. He gave me a lower grade which i didn't deserve.I expected a higher grade. But overall he suxxx.His tests r pretty easy.
Sealock is great! Really enthusiastic about the subject. 4 tests, drops lowest grade, take home essays with each test. Allowed a 2sided sheet of notes each test (including final). One large essay at end of the semester that is kind of tough. Posts slides from class but need to attend to fill in the blanks of what she doesn't provide. Need textbook.
Great Teacher! 5 Quizzes and 2 Tests. Gives study guide with infor on test. Study notes. Easy A!
Easy class, lots of material but she made it easy... A few quizes and two tests. Easy grader on essay and short answer.
Professor Ries is obviously a very intelligent woman. She knows so much about Russian culture, and used this class to try to make us understand that what's important is not necessarily the prominent political figures and events, but moreso the "little" people. She can be a little diffuse, but I always left her class thinking.
I took her for the spring. All the quizzes are open at the beginning of the semester so i did all of them at once. Homework is mainly excel projects and access projects which are super easy and make up the bulk of your grade. Exams essentially the quiz questions. Super easy class to pass. Boring lectures though i only showed up for Exams.
Jordan was pretty cool with his lectures. some of his exams were pretty difficult.. but you just have to pay attention to even the small things. At times he tells you whether it will be on the test or not. other times it's up to you to determine whether it's important enough.
He explains very well, but reading the text book does not help that much, if you wan to do very well you should also study his past questions.
dang!!! his tests really test you on your ablility to understand whats going on.. once you find key words the answer is easy...and simple to single out.. he gives alot of curves. cool guy. his lectures are tripped out. gives you an insight and his examples are awesome..too bad he's only going to be teaching one class next semester..bio3. :(
Test is from the sample questions...study them well, and read the chapters. He shows several videos
He has some very interesting courses. Don't bother to take notes don't attend if you dont want to..just get his study guide and old exams from others..you'll ace all his classes.
Very helpful professor if you reach out for help. Easy class and easy A. SAGrader helps you boost your grade.
class isnt bad but for some reason being in that auditorium makes me want to fall asleep. when i pay attention hes interesting, but sometimes its so hard to focus on what hes saying. hes a decent teacher, but his tests are pretty hard
Honestly, I never went to lecture and you aren't required too, I only ended with a B because I did badly on one quiz. Quizzes are taken online anytime between noon-midnight and are open book. Could easily end with an A if you do a little prep before each quiz. Only homework and quizzes.
He was very clear and really had his format down. Class could be attended live or online, and he covered what was on the tests and quizzes. Somehow statistics wasn't my most boring class thanks to him!
Math isn't exactly my favorite class but he made statistics very understandable. Everything was on powerpoints that were easy to read. Also puts his lectures online in case you miss class. I recommend going to lectures though and studying for the exams
Super easy class with a professor who gives you all of the information that you need.
Pretty chill class. Tests aren't to bad at all... Basically exactly the example in the work book. Tegrity for every class. Theres some homework online but its not too bad if theres a group of you that can work together on it
He posts all his lectures on Tegrity, so it was a lot easier for me to go at my own pace, and if I needed to pause or rewind I could do so. I never really went to class and still got an A. He explains stuff pretty well and I heard he gave out m&ms to the entire lecture class once. Pretty awesome teacher
funny professor. listen in lectures and do many practice test and will do fine
easy class; states exactly what is expected; refer to his practice tests to study for the exam
If you're not good at math, even all his explanations & hand outs will not help! Also, all his examples are about sex, drugs and alcohol...strange.
Dr. Doub was a fantastic professor! She always emailed you to tell you when exams were as well as non-mandatory homework assignments! Attendance wasn't mandatory but it is definitely a great idea to go. Four tests make up your grade and they aren't too difficult. The math department is terrible at Towson but she was great! Take her!
Very helpful and always available to meet to discuss readings or papers. He assigns long reading sections, so its important to keep up with the reading so you can participate in discussion. He grades papers fairly and gives you lots of time to rewrite.
Great prof. Really does all he can to help you out. He even canceled an exam because he was too busy to grade it. Extremely knowledgable.
not the easiest, but a good tanach class
Lot's of great anecdotes; years later I still retain the base of information she enthused in her lectures. It's an interesting hour to sit through. Tests consisted of writing definitions and answering essay questions. My hand was always cramped at the end of the exams. Grading seemed consistently fair and lenient when a point could go either way.
Kind of boring. Takes points off for your own opinion on papers even though its an opinion paper but you will still probably get an A. i think he got smart with me in one of my papers?! who knows. pretty nice otherwise though. a 12 page paper at the end but the class is so easy its stupid not to take. take home final! need i say more?
If a class can be said to be exciting, then this class is exciting. We had realy great discussions. Professor is strongminded but doesn't hurt students who argue with him.
Vatz Persuassion is best course on campus but don't like his test
Vatz gives you rhetoric point of view and conservative point of view but he encourges disagreement. Don't read his assigned books but do read his articles he recommends.
THE professor at Towson. Really keeps your interest all the time. Only class I don't use my blackberry.
a very interesting class...only 2 tests that are true/false...you never really know what to study or take notes on...but just pay attention and you can easily manage a B or an A even without alot of notes
great prof, interesting points of view and goes though all readings fully. Most people stay very closed minded in this class and try to argue with him. stop and listen he has some really good points and usually a ton of facts to back them up.
Professor Hayes-Boh is the best. Grades assignments easily and is super passionate about coffee and the environment.
Encouraging professor who was very fair on assignments and generous with grades! Very responsive to emails! Really inspired me to want to learn more about a subject that I didn't enjoy before. He wants you to learn, that's all!
Lucid and illuminating. Hard grader. Very very smart, glad I took a class with him.
His lectures are always very clear and each day we discuss a new topic, so talks are always interesting. Overall, P. Klinkner is very learned and makes the students think.
Homework was daily and took 5-30 mins. Few short essays which she grades harshly. You HAVE to talk in class for points. She believes in public embarrassment. I fell asleep once and she yelled at me, she didn't know I have sleep problems and was working at 5:30 am before class. No effort to understand what's going on. Very knowledgable though.
She is really nice if you talk to her. I was worried about failing and she told me that she does contract grading. This is when she works with you until you get the grade you promise her you are going to get. I only passed because of this, I also convinced her to not make the midterm and final HALF of your grade so she changed that as well.
Shes a sweetheart. may be scarey at times but she will do what she can to help you. class is really interesting and her lectures are very well organized. Gesink also uses the text very well. super smart and passionate about her work. She runs a very relaxed and informal classroom making everyone feel comfortable.
The content of this class is often quite dense, but Dr. Gesink does an excellent job making it more accessible for people. She choses wonderful reading material to illuminate her lectures, which are always engaging. However, she can be rather intimidating at times, and that makes it difficult to ask questions if one lacks self-assurance.
nice lady, good class
Took for business as a human enterprise. It's an ok class but doable A if you just listen to everything he says and implement it. It also is only once a week which is a major benefit.
i took him for the business ethics course. very laid back, completely class discussion, but you dont have to talk if you dont want to. no attendance taken, just an occasional written homework thats pretty easy. easy B+, a little more effort for an A. take this for your BLW 2021 requirement!
"Systems Thinking and Sustainability" was an amazing USEM. Mark White was the most engaging professor I've had at UVA thus far.
Very awesome teacher. I am in her class now and have a solid A. English has never been a strong subject for me, but after taking her class I consider myself a great writer. There are four 4 page papers but she grades them all so easily. Also the papers are mostly personal opinions so you cant do bad on them. Definitely recommend this professor.
Cast of "Harvey" 2004! Great guy, very sweet and friendly.
There's no question she's a tough professor, but in the best way possible. But, when you come to a tough engineering school, tough is what you get. The rigorous treatment in digital logic design gave me a rock solid foundation in the topic. Combine that with ECE385, and you've got some killer skills
An accent that you actually want to listen to.
Teaches lightening fast, but she has to with this class, there's just too much material. I thought she was a good prof, but that might be because I was a transfer student and had already taken a similar class. Somehow, she seems to know every student in the dept., even ones she's never met.
ok, a nice guy and a good teacher...the kind of class you never forget...however, he shamelessly asked for us to vote for him in the "list of best professors on campus"
Kelsey is a passionate and engaging professor. The class is generally interesting, and she focuses on making sure everyone understands the underlying ideas rather than having us memorize facts. Grading is mainly based on a couple papers and short quizzes. Her slides are also very detailed, which makes studying easier. Great choice for an AC class!
Super engaging and kind professor. Would definitely recommend! Also, an easy A in my opinion. Definitely recommend joining a study group offered through the SCL since there is no discussion sections.
Easiest class I've had here. She sends out lecture notes that summarize the readings and then spends all of class reading the lecture notes. I actually stopped reading because then lecture was moderately interesting. She was really helpful in office hours and even read my midterm paper personally. Nice lady, boring class.
Great prof but he had a bit of a hard time navigating online/virtual learning. I heard he is better in-person. Nonetheless, he was a good prof. His explanation videos are very convenient and help a lot. Definitely recommend taking him as a prof.
I took ECON 1000 with him. I got a B by studying daily . Here is my input:- -Do the STUDY GUIDE or ECONLAB questions -Read his notes before attending the lecture -20-30% of his exam questions are verbatim derived from the STUDY GUIDE -He is a tough grader -Don't ever study the week before the Exam; I made that mistake on the first exam
good prof, explains concepts decently all his test and exam questions are from the study guide
Very nice and always ready to help. He knows his stuff but this was his first year teaching MATH 1013 so a bit disorganized. Spends too much time on irrelevant "exploratory" material that doesn't help at all for the common final exam. A bit of a challenge for a first-year student who is only taking Calculus because it's compulsory.
Very organized, clear, excellent prof. He actually taught the material and gave clear rules of how to do the math problems. I did very well even considering that I didn't learn a thing from my math1300 prof. The tests were very fair, and followed previous semesters' type of quiestions . Do well on those because the exam was harder.
Awesome. A joker and taught me a lot about COSC
A good guy!
took his Discrete Math and then Statistics. he is ready to explain stuff on lecture and during office hours, but watch out when he starts joking on lecture - the switch from lecture to joke and back is very smooth, u may miss the idea that punch line of the joke refers 100% to the lecture subject... so listen to jokes as part of material.
He was aware of where students usually struggle in the material, and tried to be more clear on those sections. His tests were very similar to previous years, which makes for easier studying. He can also be entertaining at times, although I don't know if it's intentional. Very enthusiastic about his subjects.
He's definitely one of the better profs teaching the first and second year Logic for Com Sci classes (whose content ends up being very useless if you choose to go in an AI direction, which actually uses Predicate Logic).
great teacher, listener, etc. excellent writer, won't regret taking a class w/ her
Such a sweet man! Have some respect and actually show up to lecture even though it isn't mandatory. He sends all the notes you will need for his tests beforehand, but they are LONG. You must actually study them and know details for the test. Do the online extra credit HW. Three tests, lowest one counts as half.
Super sweet! Don't buy the textbook/ lab manual. Do the online HW for extra credit (half a letter grade up)! Tests aren't too hard if you really read/memorize his notes (which are kinda long so read them a little ahead of time). Only 3 tests (not cumulative) & your worst one gets counted as half. Go to review sessions to ask questions! Hard to hear
He is the sweetest prof ever! he wears these cute ties with viruses on them. anyway, the class is large and he doesnt speak loudly so u might wanna get there early and sit in the front because u don't want to miss a word. write down everything he says, and I mean everything. these and notes he sends are all you need. exams are mc t/f and essay.
Only went to class a total of 10 times including test days. Always attend review sessions and make sure you know the review sheet inside out. Also lab counts as a third of your grade so you gotta bust butt in that and he'll give you whats yours
The class itself is not hard and Beth does explain things fairly well to make it even easier. When some people were struggling in class, she went back to some old material so we could all review it and get back on track. She did collect our hw on occasion, so make sure you have it done and with you!
she is an okay teacher, but teaches way too fast. the whole cell phone policy- give me a break! i don't enjoy paying for classes that make me feel like I am in high school
He is def stuck in the 70's, it was funny at first but towards the end of the semester I wanted to pull my hair out with his unfunny jokes and cluelessness. I love the class, but will probably try it w/ someone else next time. You either run the track or ride the bike and lift on the circuit, it gets kinda boring. There are also 2 easy tests.
Hes a pretty cool guy. I dont think he intends to come off rude or anything like some people think. All in all hes a good guy who really does know a lot about what he teaches. Good teacher for aerobic weight training
Very knowledgeable. Helped me learn a lot about health and fitness and inspired me to get in shape. After taking his class I had more self-confidence and was able to take a practical approach to being healthy. I have lost 25lbs and will be fit 4 life.
I really liked this guy. He challenges your comfort zone when it comes to religion and beliefs, but in the end you come out of his class with a diversified view on various cultural beliefs, senerios, and ethical standpoints. Aiken has my vote!
Fabulous teacher-learned amazing things! This is not an easy subject, especially if one has no background in religion, philosophy or mythology. However, it is a fascinating and engaging class! Sorry-no slacking here-must go to class-must read text books-must write-must participate to pass.
this class was basically a big joke. i went to lecturde like the first week and that was it and still managed a B. exams were all online and you didn't have to take them in class...labs are easy she basically does it for you.
Once you get use to his style, he is inciteful and not very demanding.
He's great. Deep voice that can put you to sleep. Paper is a must for those of us who don't do well on vague tests. Get the notes.
1877 to Present...Mr. Watters is an amazing and funny professor. He cares and tries his best to help out your grade. Quizes are from lecture, so are test, but a little book thrown in. It is an easy B, but A is not at all out of reach if you try. Make yourself known. Mr. Watters is my favorite teacher so far at TCU!
he is funny, very entertaining!! you have quizzes every (night) class - they are easy though. be prepared to dedicate a significant amount of time for an A, it is not an "easy A." You need to take notes like crazy. Average class over all. He will remember 50 people's names in 1 class, seriously, I am not joking.
Incredibly intelligent, yet clear. He understands that you're a student, you're learning, you're not going to understand every concept. I've only taken senior seminar with him, and it was definitely the most intensive and demanding course I've taken. Nevertheless, with hard work on my part, he never criticized. Also, he's hilarious!
Great Professor, really nice, made class interesting. Requires a ton of papers comparatively however. Reasonably fair grader.
Great Guy, Exceptional Professor.
Took this class online and was glad I took it. However, I barely used the textbook and wouldn't recommend even purchasing it. The exams are difficult and you must watch all the lectures in order to have a chance at doing well. It would be extremely helpful if he made a study guide. Other assignments are pretty easy
Class was interesting. As the others have said, the exams are somewhat difficult.
Really intelligent professor with a great sense of humor. Lectures were a tad too disorganized, making lectures and studying for tests frustrating, but material was interesting.
A very fun and interesting class. Some material was difficult but in most cases the material was fun to learn so it wasn't too bad learning the hard material.
before taking Dr. Clifford, you need to understand something: he hates you. he has always hated you. you will probably hate him too. that's what he wants you to do. for those of you who say and think that you 'think outside of the box', you are expressing that in a cliche, and are therefore thinking inside of the 'box'... morons.
good professor, kind of full of himself, however
Dr. Chappel expects alot from her students and she KNOWS her Shakespeare however she is an amazing professor. She has extensive knowledge of Shakespeare and brings into the discussions things that happened in the time. It was a hard class but after all the hard work even if you made a C you know your shakespeare and have a new sense of respect 4 it
A really good prof. His notes are helpful and going to lectures is a must, but for the most part, reading the textbook is the key to getting additional information and more thorough explanations - only thing that was tough was bonds and options since it wasn't in the text. Extremely funny and for the final, READ THE TEXTBOOK!
If you attend all the lectures without fail, you will 100% get the mark that you deserve. Although if you start skipping class/not paying attention the 2 assignments and midterms really catch up to you. Although he kinda seems rough around the edges at the beginning of the semester as time goes on he became my favourite professor so far.
Peter Tracey was a pretty good prof. His exams are purely based on lectures so attendance is mandatory and the textbook isn't required despite the fact that it helps to solidify concepts. The final is the only challenging part of the course, and extensive studying is needed to prepare for it. If I studied more, I probably could have managed an A.
Loved Tracey! Sassy prof, but only if you give him stupid reasons to. Definitely knew his material very well and explained things clearly in an easy way to understand. Also gives test questions in class word for word, sometimes just hints, but definitely helpful. Attendance is a MUST though, as he doesn't post anything online. Made econ easy.
The midterms are relatively easy but the final is incredibly hard. Not an easy course, put some work in.
Being a first year, having a Prof like Tracey made my semester. Take his class if at all possible! He's very understanding and clear in lecture, he cracks jokes and adds bonus marks when he feels like it. Something in his class that some might want to know is that he's an animal activist and shows a movie on some stuff. Also, turn off your phone ;)
I didn't feel ECON is interesting until I took Tracey's course. He gives exam questions before exams. The most important is that he can explain everything in an easy way to make you understand. I really enjoyed the classes. Wish to take it again. Highly recommend!
Very good lectures, with clear notes. textbook not required. Only had one midterm and he goes through a couple questions during class. Go to each class and copy his notes and its an easy class
totally awesome prof. attend his review sessions cause he gives you the answers. his classes are good in that econ isnt boring. his assignments and exams are fair. be good and he gives free marks to the class! doesnt post notes online.
His expectations for testing and assignments are super clear, which is what makes him a great instructor. Class is WAY more important than the textbook, and his class examples often show up verbatim on tests. The second assignment showed up word for word on the final in both classes I took with him. Textbook is good for supplementary theory.
This class was EASY. Do not bother buying the textbook, his notes will be all you need for this class. Solid professor but a big warning for econ majors, do not take this or ECON 301 with him as he teaches only to the final, taking him will destroy you in higher classes further up. Was very clear on final, midterm and assignment expectations.
Tracey is a good prof that provides clear explanations. His notes are really good and condensed as it summarizes each chapter very well. The midterm and assignments are easy.Do SUPER well on them or the final would be a pain, as it was only two hours long with 90 questions. He could be grumpy at times,but his dry humour lightens up the class a lot.
Midterm is very fair - there was even a marking error and he even gave extra marks to make up for it. Final is challenging but not impossible. Go to his review classes - it is SUPER helpful.
I took 201 and 203 with this prof. He makes everything very easy and understandable. Assignments and Midterm are EASY! You should ALWAYS take advantage and get 100% in both. Final is very tricky. He makes you think a lot in just 2 hours. He gives away answers for midterm and final so its good. I would really recommend him! Good luck ;)
Easy class,great professor,sometimes repetitive with way he teaches so class is not that entertaining.Clear with course content.Best ECON professor there will be.
Such a great prof! He was concise and straight to the point in the course material, and didn't waste our time on material that was not necessary for the exams. Take his courses!!
Really good prof. Had him for 201 and 203. The 203 final was BRUTAL! Believe him when he says students do much worse in 203. But overall I would definitely recommend him.
heard he was the best prof at u of c, not true. hes ok I found him a really full of himself. Class was easy to understand. Id recommend him, just wouldnt say hes the best teacher out there
Had Tracey for 203 and now 341, things don't change. Still over-simplifies the material and does not go in depth on the course material. STRONGLY recommend you read the textbook in his classes. His social commentaries are always fun to listen to. Midterms were easy and the final was fair.
Tracey is always great! Highly recommended. Midterm and Assignment are right from lectures, and they are relatively easy. That being said....watch out for his finals, they are usually quite difficult (including the one in this class)
This guy is amazing! The good thing is that if you miss a class you can go to another friends class as he basically says everything the same from class to class . . .
I found his notes and explanations very clear and helpful. Midterm was easy, the final was fair. But don't come late to class EVER because he will single you out and say things like "SHUT THE DOOR LOUDER PLEASE" and it's awkward. Overall, I really liked him as a prof.
hilarious. his jokes about his life at the old folks home, and his constant referral to wrsetling and 'the rock' are timeless. Not only that, but he teaches things in their most simple form so that you can understand the concept before applying it
USE THE TEXTBOOK. He teaches right from it, so class really is optional. But I recommend going because he gives away answers to the midterm and final on there. Extremely easy prof, very slow in class though so beware. You can honestly fall asleep for 5 minutes, wake up, and he'll still be drawing a supply-demand graph. Definitely EASY.
an outstanding teacher, easygoing, organized...his own sense of humor...a class really worth taking...
funny guy: "heeeeeelooooo...does anyone wish to ask me a question?". he goes at a reasonable pace, and his tests are fair.
really fair marker and tests...no surprises. anyone can do well in his class if they just go to it and listen. last day of classes he even gave out some of the answers to the final for those who showed up
Pretty easy, usually pretty funny too. Doesn't really make the economics interesting, but breaks up the time in class and tells some good stories
Good up to the final. This is where he usually gets most people.
What he does teach is very clear and easy to understand. What he doesn't teach is what really bothers me...he ends every class about 15 minutes early. You end up with about 22 hours of instruction instead of the ~32 hours you've paid for.
Great teacher, made a seminar that nobody signed up for very interesting and was very understanding even if students weren't interested. Very lenient on deadlines and an easy grader
One of my fave. professors, funny, great class im taking her again easy to learn she tests on what she teaches no surprises and gives a good outline
Extremely nice, easy class, a little soft spoken though.
Stats is a hard class, no matter who you take it with. He only grades on attendance (IMPORTANT), quizzes (15-20) and 3 exams. The practice exams help with the math based questions, but study notes and slides for the T/F. I recommend sneaking a pic or writing down the quiz questions. they help when preparing for exams. No hats or tech in class.
He is the best you can hope for as well as clarity and helping you understand a hard subject.
Excellent, clear professor. And, I'm sorry, but despite what other ratings might lead you to believe, if you aren't understanding the main concepts of his lectures, it's either because you're not paying an ounce of attention or you're simply stats stupid. His off-topic conservative and religious rants did rub me the wrong way sometimes, though.
Someone find a way to clone this guy and replace the rest of the department. Takes time to explain 1 on 1 if needed. He also fills in the gaps of what the other profs don't bother teaching in class.
such a nice man. really loves working with students and hearing their ideas. easy A.
Could be the deafest person ever..... the deafest person ever! Yes, the deafest person ever. But a nice guy, good anecdotes too!
A Great Teacher, i think in his efforts to keep an emotional distance from his students he can come off as cold. But i dont think he is actually that way. I think that people need to not be so judgemental about someone that they dont really know. Grow up
This is not an easy class, challenging you. Studying is a must and reading of the chapter is beneficial because there are quizzes every Friday. The quizzes, in my opinion, were the hardest part of the class but you could try to argue your answer and if you convince him, the whole class recieves 10 extra points on the quiz.
She's definitely quirky but still really nice. Her tests are all multiple choice and sometimes have a bonus open response question. One assignment involves community service. Another one involves a paper. My only complaint was moving through slides too fast sometimes. Overall it was an easy A and the material was pretty interesting.
Class taken was summer session... 5 weeks and 85% web, despite these circumstances Prof. Johnson was very involved and available through Bb. 5 unit exams were open book, but very challenging nontheless. Extra credit options help boost test scores. Overall, not the easiest A, but a great course in which you will be rewarded for quality work.
Dr Johnson is VERY ncie, 2nd class Ive taken w/ her and would take more. 5exams, lowest dropped, small project at end of semester. She's very understanding and helpful. Very enthuastic about her work. Gives study guides w/ all material, but 2 dif exams (row1=A row2=B row3=A, etc, so u wont cheat)
Very nice lady, she loves what she does! Her tests are a little on the tough side tho so use her study guides!
PRO: I found this teacher's lectures to be very helpful & clear. CON: He is extremely picky about notations & what he wants on his exams. I had him for Calculus III & despite the fact I understood the material, his exams were tough because I didn't know how he wanted me to setup the problem.
very nice, caring and thorough teacher. Show's the steps to everything. Homework not too bad and tests are fair.
Even though Professor Dubois doesn't use slideshows lectures and she doesn't do podcasts, I still got all the information I needed from her lectures, and if you're on the fence because of this, you can sit near the speaker/front and use a voice recorder; although I never needed them. She talks slowly, so it's easy to type what she says.
So funny and so queen! She doesn't talk THAT much about sex to be honest and when she does it is refreshing and fun. Attendance is not mandatory, but do NOT skip because she goes over basically everything in the readings and does not post lectures afterwards. Study guides given for midterm and final was basically everything on the exam. Super easy.
duBois is clearly very knowledgable on the topics she is lecturing about, but she doesn't use slides so you really have to pay attention to what she is saying and lectures can often get boring. TA's do all the grading, but there are only 2 critical analyses and a slightly longer final essay. duBois has amazing fashion sense (an added bonus)
The most solid choice for mmw11. Her essay prompts are the fairest (no tests) and lectures can sometimes be all over the place, but it's ok. It really depends on your TA, mine was harsh, but others were an easy A. I actually read the textbook which helped because it made the essays so much easier to write and I didn't have to cram for them.
Dr. Dubois is an incredible professor. Her lectures are engaging and the course material is good as well. She will whip you into shape if you fall asleep or are disrespectful in class so make sure to pay attention and participate. She also has been great in helping me get credit for the class after I had to leave to get back surgery.
Professor duBois is really funny and her lectures are extremely interesting. She's really sassy and her fashion is adorable, especially her Pokemon skirt. She makes lectures fun and enjoyable and points students out when they talk or leave class. Also, her exams are exactly like her study guides. All ERC students should take duBois for mmw 11. :)
I liked Professor duBois, she's an eccentric but compassionate and likeable lady. Her lectures were interesting and her exams were very fair and representative of her lectures and readings. I actually enjoyed this class by the end. duBois has a sharp sense of humor and is very knowledgeable, you just have to give her time to show that.
She really isn't as bad as everyone makes her out to be. Yes there is some "sexual content" but not to the extent of some of these reports. Her tests are completely fair, and she even has study guides that are EXTREMELY helpful! Ppl should really give her more credit for the amount of work she puts into this class and pretty helpful too.
She was really nice and helpful, she approaches the material clearly when it comes to be prepared for class. Talks kinda fast so I recommend a tape recorder or laptop, but other wise she presented the material well and her tests are really fair.
Memorable quote, ...of course it does not work, there is sheeeet on the film. Ivan is a good man, demanding, but fair....
Let's get straight to the point. Fair exam? Yes. Harsh grader? Sort of, but not really. Lab class grading? Not the best, just DON'T FAIL. Should you do homework? YES. PLEASE review lecture slides as well, you need to know how to apply practically and theoretically. When I say he loves stoichiometry, I mean he LOVES it. No wonder he teaches OChem.
I took this class without any prior experience in chemistry and still did fairly well. Hoeger definitely makes the class fun and keeps students engaged in lecture. He also has a generous curve so getting a 60% on one of his tests will get you a B. I hope to take him again for OCHEM.
I took Hoeger for Chem 4, so there was less focus on material and more focus on general coverage and introductory labs. Very useful for the Chem 6 series, as I've never taken high school chem and finished Chem 6A and B with an A. He might come off as a tough professor, but his lectures are clear and he's pretty nice outside of class.
Thought I was gonna fail the class because I did so bad on the first midterm, but I tried harder and also he really fights for/wants students to pass!
Many students considered him a bit mean, but his humor helped me pay attention in his 8AM lectures. His curve was crazy effective which my grade greatly appreciated. Very kind in office hours.
Pros, Awesome lectures, clear to understand, and hilarious to boot. You will learn a lot, outside of what is intended too. His knowledge of chemistry is quite amazing. Also very likable and makes class entertaining with crazy stories. Cons: Hard class, more so than the others. I got easy A's in 6a 6b, struggled here. Beware for your grade.
I took Professor Hoeger for CHEM 6A and B. Really difficult class. He emphasizes to do the Practice Problems and doing them really helps. He really wants his students to pass thus his curve is very generous. I failed both midterms and ended up getting a B. Final is super easy. Definitely Recommend him!
The thing about Dr. Hoeger is that in the beginning of the quarter, he really wants his students to work hard so that they really understand the material, which is why the first midterm is the hardest, to make sure students students study for the next and his final. His final always turn out to be easier than midterms. Took him twice for gen chem.
Honestly, compared to my current 6A professor, Hoeger kicks so much ass and is a great lecturer. He made us learn farther than Chem 4 and that is why I believe 6A isn't as bad. Really helpful and makes his lectures fun. Only bad kart is that it was at 8am.
I thought he was a great professor for chem 4. Very clear and thorough. Labs were pretty easy to follow but some were ridicously confusing. Mastering chemistry was really helpful too, especially preparing you for the midterms. The final was a little harder than I thought. So study for that!
Hoeger is definitely an excellent professor to start off with especially as a freshman. I had a rough time adjusting to the college pace but his class wasn't as bad. He has podcasts which makes it super helpful and he is an extremely fair professor.
Professor Hoeger is pretty funny in lectures and does a good job during them too. He also posts his lectures online. Know your nomenclature. Good class but the tests are tough! Labs are kinda lame but overall TA's make it fun. Hoeger also curves!
He's hilarious and his lectures can be boring but fun when he gets off track. I didn't find his midterms to be too difficult; the previous midterms he posted helped a lot as well as just doing the homework problems and paying attention in lecture.
Chem 4: His lectures are fun to listen to but his midterms are extremely harder then what's on the homework. Also his labs are soooo annoying. TAs in this course has no office hours so if you really need help in the cours find a friend in chem 6 to help you. TAs are there just to prepare the labs and grade the labs/midterms.
Very clear during his lectures... podcasts help when you miss days. Tends to stray a little during lecture so other chem class is further ahead. Tests are mainly calculations based... difficult but doable.
Good professor and course, but only if you plan on majoring in anything chemistry-related. His class is hard as hell and he pushes you harder than his regular students because you're in honors. However, he grades easier in the honors class, so it sort of balances out. Visit him during office hours and listen to his funny stories.
best gen chem prof ever! dont take all the other except maybe ian ball; he makes u work your ***off but u know what, its worth it cuz u learn and u are well prepared for the rest of the gen chem series and even ochem cuz he lets u develop good study habits; just do all the homework, go to lecture and keep up with the class and youll be fine
Look at his practice midterm and try to get a hold of the 2nd midterm and final... he doesnt really change them.... Good Luck..
overall an easy professor. just do the hw as practice for exams. not much studying needed aside from that. helpful in office hours although sometimes talks to students like they're idiots during lecture. tests are fair, although final was a bit harder compared to how midterm was structured.
Great lecturer. Without it you will not learn anything from the book. Difficult exams but the curve helps and section scores help. Also the HITT transmitters boost up your grade a little :)
For Chem4, make sure you ALWAYS do the notebook HW problems on time, and ASK HOEGER FOR HELP ON LABS. Trust me...he will help you even via AIM or email. For his final, READ THE LECTURE NOTES IN THE 2 WEEKS BEFORE YOU TAKE IT BECAUSE EVERYTHING IS ON IT.
Hard tests, but cool guy
Hard but you learn!
I was dying when Dr. Chamberlain said hi to me after taking the final for MMW2. Such a smart man, he translated all our readings from Greek to plain English. Lots of reading, but they're all you need to pass the tests. No multiple choice, only written response, but fairly easy. It all depends on your TA. GO TARA!
Hard tests he rapidly goes through the material. His focus is on understanding through repetition not memorizing for an exam. His intelligence is almost overwhelming. You want you to do good, so practice his online exams. He has every exam he has ever giving and there all at your disposal questions with detailed answers. Hes a Good Guy
I had Dr. Pomykala for ECON 204, Honors Macroeconomic Principles. I found his lectures to be average, but at times he would tell stories that were absolutely hilarious. It was worth going to his classes just to hear the stories. I was successful in his class because I studied hard and did the homework. Just attend class and do the work.
not the easiest professor, but if your an econ major or minor i recommend him, but take microeconomics first since half of every macro class is just relearning micro material. Tests and notes are straight forward and he gives you previous tests that are really helpful
Very good economics teacher. Reviews at the beginning of every class. Clear and wants you to learn and understand. Tries to relate with plenty of examples with beer and test answers are funny (involving beer). Turned my test in one time and he said "its miller time". Very dry guy but somehow very funny at times. I liked him a lot. Highly rec
Boring teacher....speaks with a monotone and a half....but posts tests on line which is very helpful....Tests are tricky as anwsers are usually between two very close choices.....wouldnt recommend him, but not the end of the world if you get him
My first Econ class ever. I truthfully enjoy the material and the way he teaches it. He applies the material to everyday life and is an extremely intelligent guy. Posts prior exams from past years on website with answers which are almost identical to what you will be taking.
I could probably teach you macroeconomics in 3 and a half minutes...if you ****s knew calculus. I also probably know more about bankruptcy than all the lawyers in Maryland put together. Pomykala is also my favorite Towson teacher ever, but it is almost guaranteed that he will hate you.
Extensive notes. He says "Basically" a lot. Easy exams, all of them multiple choice and he even has practice exams up on his website from other semesters. Definitely reccommended for a GenEd class
Okay Teacher, extremely helpful if you ask for it. He became real annoying when he keeps asking us to "think" instead of memorize 10x per class period.
He's good, but a little boring :)
